Vyacheslav Fursov (born 19 July 1954) is a Soviet racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Soviet male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing (living people)
Randolph Wemyss Memorial Hospital is a community hospital located in Buckhaven, Fife. It is managed by NHS Fife.
History
The original hospital was designed by Alexander Tod and opened on 28 August 1909. It was erected in memory of landowner Randolph Wemyss with their widow Lady Eva Wemyss providing £10,000. The hospital provided care for local people and mine workers injured working in the coal pits. This was also supported through donations from local businesses, churches, individuals and directly from the wages of local miners.
A major extension to the south, designed by John Holt, was completed in the 1960s.
In the 1990s, the general surgery transferred to the Victoria Hospital, Kirkcaldy. A review of services was carried out between 2002 and 2004.
The most recent upgrade was £4.45million, which was opened on 16 June 2008 by Nicola Sturgeon, MSP and Health Secretary. The new services including a men's health clinic, sexual health clinic, a Maggie's Centre outreach facility and integrated paediatric services.
Services
The hospital is a location for nursing students from the University of Dundee to undertake clinical placements. The University of St Andrews also arranges teaching at the hospital. Currently, the Wellesley unit provides care for long term conditions and end of life care through 16 continuing care in-patient beds. The hospital is the base for a range of community services, including: dental services, clinical psychology service, community rehabilitation service and 15 day care places, learning disability services, out of hours service and paediatric physiotherapy.
References
External links
Official site
Randolph Wemyss Memorial Hospital on Scotland's Places
Architecture details on RCAHMS
Hospital buildings completed in 1909
Hospital buildings completed in 1965
Hospital buildings completed in 2008
NHS Scotland hospitals
Hospitals in Fife
Health in Fife
1909 establishments in Scotland
NHS Fife
A lord provost () is the convenor of the local authority, the civic head and the lord-lieutenant of one of the principal cities of Scotland. The office is similar to that of a lord mayor. Only the cities of Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow have a lord provost; other Scottish local authorities have provosts or convenors, which are similar offices to that of a mayor. Perth (as a city) previously termed its civil leader a "lord provost", but from the Second World War onwards has preferred the simple term Provost of Perth.
A lord provost has a higher status than a lord mayor in other parts of the United Kingdom. They are ex officio the lord-lieutenant for that city, in accordance with section 1 of the Lieutenancies Act 1997, which allows the city council to choose its own representative for the monarch.
The lord provosts of Edinburgh and Glasgow enjoy the style of "The Right Honourable" before their office, but not their names.
Permission to use the title is granted to a city by the monarch, under the royal prerogative, acting on the advice of government ministers.
See also
Provost (civil)
List of provosts of Aberdeen
List of provosts of Dundee
List of provosts of Edinburgh
List of provosts of Glasgow
Local politicians in Scotland
Local government in Scotland
Lord Lieutenancies of Scotland
.
Scots language
Tajanak (; also known as Tajnīk) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 530, in 125 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Mount Franklin is a peak in the Nelson Lakes National Park in the Tasman Region of New Zealand.
It is the northernmost – and highest – of New Zealand's four Mounts Franklin, located south of Lake Rotoroa. It is the highest peak in the Tasman Region, just two metres higher than the nearby Mount Travers.
Mount Franklin is part of the Franklin Ridge, the northern extremity of the St James Range. The ridge separates the valleys of the east and west branches of the Sabine River.
The mountain was named by Sir Julius von Haast while they were a provincial geologist of Canterbury. It is named in honour of Rear-Admiral Sir John Franklin, the British Arctic Explorer and former Governor of Tasmania.
Notes
Some sources give the elevation as
References
Frank
The Textile Engineering College, Noakhali () is a textile technology learning institute situated in Noakhali, Bangladesh and is affiliated with Bangladesh University of Textiles (BUTEX). It is one of the seven textile engineering colleges in Bangladesh which are collectively funded and controlled by the Directorate of Textiles, Ministry of Textiles and Jute. Textile Engineering College, Noakhali is an engineering educational institute in Bangladesh offering Graduation in different core of Textile Engineering with affiliation of Bangladesh University of Textiles and govern of Ministry of Textiles & Jute, Bangladesh.
History
British Weaving School
During the British colonial rule from 1911 to 1929, 33 peripatetic weaving schools were established in East Bengal to meet the requirements for a textile technician by offering an artisan-level six-month course. Begumgonj Textile Engineering College, Noakhali is one of them; it was established in 1918. In 1968 it was upgraded to District Weaving School offering a one-year course and in 1981 District Textile Institute offering a two-year certificate course in textile technology. But the certificate course was not acceptable to the industry.
Textile Institute, Noakhali
In 1993 a three-year diploma course was introduced under Bangladesh Technical Education Board (BTEB) which was treated as a milestone for the textile education. The duration of this course was extended to four years in 2001. The college was upgraded in 2007 to offer a BSc in textile engineering. The course is affiliated by the Bangladesh University of Textiles.
Campus
Noakhali Textile Engineering College, a two-minute walk from Choumuhani, besides to from Dhaka to Noakhali roadway. Very charming and shady in the very heart of Noakhali.
Academics
NTEC offers a four-year bachelor's degree program in textile engineering. It is one of the seven textile engineering colleges run by Bangladesh University of Textiles.
Faculty of Fashion Design and Apparel Engineering:
Department of Apparel Engineering
Department of Textile Fashion and Design
Faculty of Textile Chemical Engineering:
Department of Wet Process Engineering
Faculty of Textile Engineering:
Department of Fabric Engineering
Department of Yarn Engineering
LAB Of TECN
Dyeing Lab
Cotton Spinning Lab
Jute Spinning Lab
Fabric Lab
Garments Lab
Textile Testing & Quality Control Lab
Computer Lab
Mechanical Workshop Lab
Physics Lab
Chemistry Lab
LAB Machine
Washing Machine.
Sample Dyeing Machine.
Sample Screen Printing Machine.
Light Box.
Jet Dyeing Machine.
Stone Washing Machine.
Zigger Dyeing machine.
Pad dry machine.
Compacting Machine.
Winch dyeing machine.
Super Steamer.
Flat bed Screen Printing Machine.
Hank yarn Dyeing Machine.
Boiler.
Padding Mangle Machine.
Transfer printing machine.
Hydro Extractor Machine.
Calendering Machine.
Library
Where there are various reference books on textiles as well as science fiction, religious and educational books. In addition, the library has the facility to read various types of papers including daily, weekly, monthly, yearly.
Citations
Textile schools in Bangladesh
Begumganj Upazila
Engineering universities and colleges in Bangladesh
Universities and colleges in Noakhali District
Colleges affiliated to Bangladesh University of Textiles
Suzanne Mukayijore is a Rwandan politician from the Liberal Party. They represent the Northern Province in the Chamber of Deputies.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century Rwandan politicians
21st-century Rwandan women politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Rwanda)
People from Northern Province, Rwanda
Liberal Party (Rwanda) politicians
Members of the Pan-African Parliament from Rwanda
This article is intended to give an overview of the History of television in Atlanta.
Pre-history of Atlanta TV
Atlanta television had its roots in Atlanta Journal (now Atlanta Journal-Constitution)-owned radio station WSB-AM. The Journal had launched the south's first radio station, WSB AM ("Welcome South Brother"), on 740 kHz (now 750) on March 15, 1922. In the late 1920s, the Journal experimented with a mechanical version of television, but eventually abandoned it. The earliest experiments with television involved a spinning disc with multiple holes in it, which provided ‘movement' on a projected surface.
Early stations
WSB, channel 8
Television finally came to Atlanta-area and northern- and upper central-Georgia viewers on September 29, 1948 (called "T-Day" by the Journal) with the debut of WSB-TV, broadcasting on VHF channel 8. The newspaper led up to the TV station's launch, with front-page countdowns designed to boost excitement and sell TV sets. The inaugural WSB-TV program, which began with a recording of "The Star-Spangled Banner" and a close-up shot of a tiny American flag waving in the wind powered by an electric fan, featured announcer John Cone ("WSB-TV is on the air!"), newscaster Jimmy Bridges, and a host of local dignitaries.
WSB-TV originally broadcast from the Biltmore Hotel. They moved to a building at 1601 West Peachtree Street, about two miles (3 km) north on Peachtree Street in 1956. The building, designed to look like a southern mansion, was christened "White Columns".
WSB-TV, in its abbreviated 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. broadcast day, aired a mix of kinescopes (film copies) which might arrive three days late from the NBC television network (WSB-AM had been a longtime NBC radio network affiliate, and most of the new television equipment was from NBC's corporate cousin, RCA), Atlanta Crackers baseball remote broadcasts from the club's stadium on Ponce de Leon Avenue, local news, and kids shows (Woody Willow, a marionette show featuring several stringed characters created and performed by Don and Ruth Gilpin, and a show featuring a man who built toys). A great many old movies were shown, and the station employed a unique censorship system in which monitors actually cut bits from film that were deemed "not family material" before broadcast. This was a slow and tedious process, handled by two women with scissors, and they usually removed any hint of unsavory language and even scenes in which a man and a woman (even married couples) might be seen in or on a bed.
An early unique use of television occurred when a system-wide transit strike crippled the city and downtown commerce suffered, in an era before shopping malls had been developed in the suburban areas. WSB-TV broadcast, for a time, a daily four-hour "infomercial" (to use the modern term) for Rich's department store, which was affected economically when shoppers could not travel via bus to its downtown location.
In its earliest days, the station aired a test pattern for many hours each day, ostensibly to let people align their new-fangled television sets. It served, however, as extremely cheap "programming" which allowed an audience to gather as someone showed off their or their new set to their or their envious friends. The test pattern, in black and white, featured multiple shades of grey and a large picture of a Native American (the ubiquitous and now-classic Indian Head test card). Early employee Mike McDougald recounted, "I would drive from WSB-AM to WSB-TV and see people congregated outside the store windows watching the test pattern. They were fascinated by it." Virtually all employees of the new WSB-TV were "imports" from the radio station, leaving the radio side somewhat hampered by the loss of talent. WSB-AM continued to thrive, however, and actually supported the new television venture for several years until television moved into the "black".
WAGA-TV, channel 5
Crosstown radio station WAGA-AM (now WYZE, 1480 AM), owned by The Fort Industries (later renamed "Storer Broadcasting"), launched a station on channel 5 in the fall of 1949, taking CBS, DuMont and occasionally, ABC shows. The new television operation was squeezed into a converted residential house on Peachtree Street, with a tall tower built in the backyard of the property. WAGA-TV's mascot, owned by the station's janitor, was a (real) Yorkshire terrier named "Waga".
In addition to CBS shows, WAGA aired a daily hillbilly music show with local personality Jon Farmer, Atlanta Crackers baseball (taken from WSB and later lost to newcomer WLW-A), interview shows featuring politicians like Senator Herman Talmadge and local newscasts featuring a newsreader sitting at a modest desk with a world map on the wall behind.
The proposed WCON-TV
WSB-TV and WAGA-TV served Atlanta for two years before a third station arrived. In March 1950, the Cox-owned Atlanta Journal and its crosstown rival, the Atlanta Constitution, merged. The Constitution owned a construction permit for a proposed WCON-TV on the more desirable channel 2 (reaching a larger broadcast range due to lower frequency), which was to have been the city's full-time ABC network station. With the merger, WSB-TV instead moved to channel 2 amid great publicity. WCON-TV thus never opened for business, and its sister radio station, WCON AM 550, was reassigned to nearby Gainesville, Georgia, where it is now WDUN.
WLTV, channel 8
WSB-TV's move to channel 2 opened an opportunity for a new station to operate on channel 8. In 1951, a group of Atlanta business people, including an executive from the local Davison's department store chain, pooled their capital and launched WLTV as Atlanta's first full-time ABC affiliate. WLTV's studios were installed in a small building directly behind WSB-TV's property, because that allowed the station to utilize WSB's old channel 8 transmitting towers. WLTV operated on a very tight budget and offered a smattering of local programming like cooking and fashion shows, "rip-and-read" local news coverage, and a show featuring the city's famous mayor, William B. Hartsfield, who answered viewer mail on their program. The station also offered the first "all Negro" program in Atlanta, a Saturday evening variety show.
WQXI, channel 36
In late 1953, eager entrepreneurs around the country were constructing UHF TV stations to meet the demand of television-hungry viewers. Southeast radio group owner Robert Rounsaville opened a UHF station off Atlanta's Peachtree Street in the same restored house where their "good music" station, WQXI AM 790, operated. An employee remembered that the station owned a huge, lumbering TV camera that had to be transported from room to room within the building to broadcast local talk shows. The AM station promoted the TV station incessantly, but the September 1953 beginning was met with indifference from Atlantans. Without much in the way of programming apart from old movies, an occasional show from the crumbling DuMont network, and a local Saturday night "Barn Dance," there was little incentive for viewers to spend approximately $40 for a UHF converter. As such, WQXI-TV survived about nine months.
WETV, channel 47, Macon
While not an Atlanta station, Macon's first TV outlet received little attention from viewers or the press. In 1954, competing Macon AM radio stations WBML and WNEX pooled money, along with Macon business person William Fickling, (later a healthcare tycoon) and launched WETV on channel 47. The NBC affiliate pre-dated the market's dominant CBS affiliate WMAZ, channel 13, by several months. As in Atlanta and other cities, few viewers were willing to pay extra for the special receiver needed to watch the UHF station, and after several shakeups (where channel 47 became WNEX-TV and then WOKA), it ceased operations. WMAZ would then become the central Georgia region's sole commercial television outlet for over a dozen years, until NBC returned in 1968 on another UHF station, WCWB-TV (now WMGT-TV) on channel 41. By that time, television manufacturers had been required by the Federal Communications Commission (under the All-Channel Receiver Act) to enable sets to receive UHF channels, without special external equipment.
WLWA, channels 8/11
In 1953, Cincinnati-based Crosley Broadcasting Corporation purchased WLTV (channel 8), providing a much-needed infusion of capital and a new name, "WLW-A", in keeping with the company's WLW group branding for its stations in Indiana and Ohio. Among the personalities from WLW-A's early days: Dick Van Dyke, who hosted a twice-daily lip synch show where they and Phil Erickson (together known as The Merry Mutes), along with a female partner, mouthed the lyrics to hit records. WLW-A continued to operate in the shadow of WSB-TV, both physically and in the minds of 1950s viewers. It wasn't until ABC began to get ratings traction with its late-1950s Warner Bros. Western shows that the station came of age.
WROM-TV, channel 9, Rome
Two months after Crosley set up shop in Atlanta, up the road, about to the northwest, the owners of a local AM radio station in Rome decided to get into television.
WROM AM operated WROM-TV, channel 9, from 1953 until 1958, branding it "Dixie's Largest Independent." The station ran a late-afternoon and prime-time schedule of old movies, "hillbilly" music performances (which were common on Southern TV stations in the 1950s and 1960s) and occasionally, ABC-TV network fare such as Omnibus.
WROM's beginning, and its subsequent move to Chattanooga years later, changed Atlanta TV history and caused a fruit-basket turnover of Southeastern U.S. TV frequencies. As soon as channel 9 in Rome and channel 8 in Atlanta began operating simultaneously, viewers in northwestern Atlanta and in northwestern Georgia to the south of Rome began experiencing trouble tuning in either station. Crosley also wanted to increase transmitting power at its new station, which necessitated a change to present-day channel 11 (now WXIA-TV).
By 1958, WROM's owners were making moves to cash in on their investment. The station began carrying a full prime-time slate of ABC network programs, overlapping programming with WLWA.
In 1959, WROM's owners accepted an offer to sell their TV outlet to Martin Theaters, (reportedly for one million dollars) the company that also purchased Columbus, Georgia's WDAK-TV. Chattanooga had only two VHF stations at the time, WRGP (now WRCB)-TV, channel 3, (NBC) and pioneer broadcasting outlet WDEF-TV, channel 12 (CBS). Chattanooga offered channel 9's investors a better economic model than Rome, so the station moved and became Chattanooga ABC affiliate WTVC. That move 60 miles to the north opened opportunities for other television broadcasters within the state of Georgia.
Frequency changes
Atlanta regained channel 8 as an available frequency, though it was reclassified as a non-commercial educational facility, clearing the way for the University of Georgia's Athens-based station, WGTV (which, years later, relocated to its transmitter and tower to Stone Mountain to better serve Atlanta as part of Georgia Public Broadcasting's state network). Columbus, Georgia's NBC affiliate, WDAK-TV, channel 28, was able to move to VHF channel 9 (now WTVM, an ABC affiliate), while Dothan, Alabama's CBS affiliate, WTVY, moved from channel 9 to the more powerful (and thus desirable) channel 4, and Columbus' CBS affiliate, WRBL, moved from channel 4 over to channel 3.
Ironically, Rome partially lost a second television frequency 40 years later, when UHF station channel 14 moved east to Bear Mountain near Waleska and Canton (north of Atlanta) after several years of operation. Though a strong radio market covering most of northwestern Georgia, the Rome metro area simply could not support television capable of competing with Chattanooga and Atlanta, both just 60 miles (100 km) distant north and southeast. Rome still remain's the city of license for the station, however, and it is one of two full-power TV stations having a northwest Georgia city of license, along with GPB's WCLP-TV 18 (now WNGH-TV 18.x, on RF channel 33) in Fort Mountain State Park near Chatsworth.
Digital changes
Since prior to the 2009 digital-only TV mandate, all local TV stations except WGTV 8 transmit digitally on channels other than their analog ones, with TV channels from 52 to 69 (the 700 MHz band) being taken mostly for 4G LTE mobile phones in a large spectrum auction (FCC auction 73). (WGCL-TV 46 remained on for another month as the designated "nightlight" station, WUVM-LP 4 and WTBS-LP 6 continue in analog .)
Unlike other major media markets, no Atlanta TV stations will be taken off the air due to the 600MHz auction which ended in early 2017, but UHF channels 38 to 51 are being taken away, which will result in a "repack" of at least half of the local stations onto low UHF channels 14 to 36 in late summer 2019, and WGTV from 8 to 7 in 2020. All stations will still retain their historic channel numbers through the use of virtual channels, but re-scanning of TV tuners will be required after the changes.
WUVG will move from 48 to 18, WUPA from 43 to 36, WSB from 39 to 32, WIRE from 40 to 33, WKTB from 47 to 23, WATC from 41 to 34, WHSG from 44 to 22, and WSKC from 22 to 14.
Also included in the same fifth nationwide round of channel repacking, WANN, WPCH, WPXA, and WYGA will do a four-way frequency swap, moving from physical channels 29, 20, 31, and 16 to channels 20, 31, 16, and 29, respectively, in order to make room on those channels for stations in adjacent TV markets and avoid co-channel interference with them. No local stations are moving to VHF channels 2 to 13, but WGTV will change from 8 to 7 In the final repacking round in 2020. No Atlanta-market stations are channel sharing or going off-air due to the reverse auction 1000, but two nearby GPB stations won bids to move from UHF to VHF: WNGH-TV and WJSP-TV.
References
Atlanta TV Digest magazine, April 6, 1953
Welcome South Brother, (Cox Broadcasting, 1973)
Atlanta Journal, September 29, 1948
Atlanta TV Listings
Atlanta
History of Atlanta
Pedram Hamrah is a German-American ophthalmologist and immunologist. They obtained their M.D. from the University of Cologne, Germany. In 2002, together with Reza Dana and Ying Liu, they were the first to discover the presence of and characterize resident antigen-presenting cells in the central cornea. Hamrah is currently Director of the Center for Translational Ocular Immunology and Director of Anterior Segment Imaging of the Boston Image Reading Center at the New England Eye Center, Department of Ophthalmology Tufts Medical Center, Tufts University School of Medicine. In addition they are on the faculty of the Programs of Immunology and Neuroscience at the School of Graduate Biomedical Sciences at Tufts University. They were a faculty member in the laboratory of Ulrich von Andrian at Harvard's Immune Disease Institute from 2008 to 2012.
Selected works
Hamrah, Pedram, Ying Liu, Qiang Zhang, and M. Reza Dana. "The corneal stroma is endowed with a significant number of resident dendritic cells." Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science 44, no. 2 (2003): 581-589.
Hamrah, Pedram, Qiang Zhang, Ying Liu, and M. Reza Dana. "Novel characterization of MHC class II–negative population of resident corneal Langerhans cell–type dendritic cells." Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science 43, no. 3 (2002): 639-646.
Hamrah, Pedram, Syed O. Huq, Ying Liu, Qiang Zhang, and M. Reza Dana. "Corneal immunity is mediated by heterogeneous population of antigen‐presenting cells." Journal of Leukocyte Biology 74, no. 2 (2003): 172-178.
Cursiefen, Claus, Lu Chen, Magali Saint-Geniez, Pedram Hamrah, Yiping Jin, Saadia Rashid, Bronislaw Pytowski et al. "Nonvascular VEGF receptor 3 expression by corneal epithelium maintains avascularity and vision." Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 103, no. 30 (2006): 11405-11410.
Chen, Lu, Pedram Hamrah, Claus Cursiefen, Qiang Zhang, Bronislaw Pytowski, J. Wayne Streilein, and M. Reza Dana. "Vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-3 mediates induction of corneal alloimmunity." Nature Medicine 10, no. 8 (2004): 813-815.
References
American ophthalmologists
Harvard Medical School faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Walter Stratton House is a historic home located at Roxbury in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built in 1828 and is a small -story building on a deep fieldstone basement with a gable roof. It has a 1-story recessed frame wing. Also on the property is a 1-story frame garage. It is one of six extant stone houses in the town.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Houses completed in 1828
Houses in Delaware County, New York
William M. Morse (December 18, 1826 – June 22, 1875) was an American surveyor and politician.
Morse was born in Alderley, Gloucestershire, England. In 1846, Morse emigrated to the United States and settled in Dodge County, Wisconsin Territory. Eventually they settled in Rubicon, Wisconsin and was a surveyor. Morse was a Democrat. They served as chairperson of the Rubicon Town Board. They also served as clerk and superintendent of public schools of their town. From 1851 to 1859, Morse served as the Dodge County Surveyor. They were served on the Dodge County Board of Supervisors and was chairperson of the county board. Morse served in the Wisconsin Assembly in 1857, 1866, and 1875. Morse died suddenly in Rubicon, Wisconsin while still in the Wisconsin Assembly.
Notes
External links
1826 births
1875 deaths
English emigrants to the United States
People from Alderley, Gloucestershire
People from Rubicon, Wisconsin
American surveyors
Wisconsin Democrats
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
County officials in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
Paramesia alhamana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Portugal and Spain.
The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish ash-grey with dark brown markings. The hindwings are uniform dark brown. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
References
Moths described in 1933
Archipini
Khorramdarreh is a city in Zanjan Province, Iran.
Khorramdarreh or Khorram Darreh () may also refer to:
Khorramdarreh, Isfahan
Khorramdarreh, Kerman
Khorram Darreh, Razavi Khorasan
Khorram Darreh, Abhar, Zanjan Province
Khorramdarreh County, in Zanjan Province
Khorramdarreh Rural District, in Zanjan Province
Octave-Marie Terrienne MSC (9 September 1902 – 4 March 1994) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the apostolic vicariate of the Gilbert Islands from 1937 until 1961, when Pierre Guichet succeeded him.
They were bishop of Menelaites (a titular see) from 1938 to 1961 as Vicar Apostolic of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands. After building there the biggest church of the colony in 1936, Bishop Terrienne established the vicariate see in Tanaeang, on North Tabiteuea, instead of Ocean Island, headquarters of the British Colony, or Tarawa, the former capital, where it was transferred at the end of 1950s.
They were ordained Priest on 27 January 1929 and consecrated Bishop on 25 June 1938 at Nantes Cathedral. They were then the youngest Roman Catholic bishop at only 36.
References
External links
The British Museum: Bishop Octave-Marie Terrienne
Diocese of Tarawa and Nauru
1902 births
French Roman Catholic bishops in Oceania
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in British Overseas Territories
French expatriates in Kiribati
1994 deaths
Roman Catholic bishops of Tarawa and Nauru
Missionaries of the Sacred Heart
The 1935 Holy Cross Crusaders football team was an American football team that represented the College of the Holy Cross as an independent during the 1935 college football season. In their third season under head coach Eddie Anderson, the Crusaders compiled a 9–0–1 record. It was the first undefeated season in school history. Nicholas Morris was the team captain.
Schedule
References
Holy Cross
Holy Cross Crusaders football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Holy Cross Crusaders football
The is the first Japanese dictionary containing native kun'yomi "Japanese readings" of Chinese characters. The title is also written 新選字鏡 with the graphic variant sen (選 "choose; select; elect") for sen (撰 "compile; compose; edit").
The Heian Period Buddhist monk Shōjū (昌住) completed the Shinsen Jikyō during the Shōtai era (898-901 CE). The preface explains that their motivation for compiling a Japanese dictionary was the inconvenience of looking up Chinese characters in the Tang Dynasty dictionary by Xuan Ying (玄應), the Yiqiejing yinyi ("Pronunciation and Meaning in the Tripitaka"). The preface credits two other Chinese dictionaries: the (ca. 543 CE) Yupian, which enters 12,158 characters under a system of 542 radicals (bùshǒu 部首), and the (601 CE) Qieyun rime dictionary, which enters 16,917 characters categorized by tones and syllable rimes. Don C. Bailey says:
In general, the Shinsen Jikyō resembles the [Yupian], but Shōjū specifically states in the preface that they acquired a copy of this work only in 892 after they had completed their first draft, and that they thereafter used it as supplementary material. Whether or not the format of the [Yupian] was imitated, a dictionary or dictionaries of the same type must have served as a model.
Shōjū's model balances two traditional methods of collating Chinese dictionaries: semantic organization like the Erya and logographic radicals like the Shuowen Jiezi. They introduce a novel Japanese system of 160 radicals (bu 部) that exhibit semantic organization. For example, the first seven are Heaven (天), Sun (日), Moon (月), Meat (肉, a graphic variant of 月), Rain (雨), Air (气), and Wind (風). The Shinsen Jikyō not only reduced the number of radical headings, but also logically arranged them by meanings. Compare the earlier Japanese dictionary Tenrei Banshō Meigi that uses 534 radicals adapted from the original 540 in the Shuowen Jiezi.
The received edition Shinsen Jikyō dictionary contains 21,300 character entries in 12 fascicles (kan 卷). Each head entry gives the Chinese character, Chinese pronunciations (with either a homonym or fanqie spelling), definitions, and Japanese equivalents (Wakun 和訓). This dictionary notes over 3,700 Japanese pronunciations, and cites early texts, for instance, the circa 822 CE Buddhist Nihon Ryōiki (日本霊異記 "Accounts of Miracles in Japan"). The Shinsen Jikyō is the first Japanese dictionary to include kokuji "national characters" invented in Japan. The modern Mojikyo computer font software includes character data from the ancient Shinsen Jikyō and Jikyōshū.
References
9th-century books
10th-century books
Japanese dictionaries
Late Old Japanese texts
Heian-period books
The following is a discography for Megumi Nakajima.
Albums
I Love You [2010.06.09]
Be With You [2012.03.07]
Thank You [2014.02.26]
Curiosity [2018.02.14]
Lovely train
Green diary [2021.02.03]
Singles
Seikan Hikō
"Seikan Hikō" was the first single from Megumi Nakajima as Ranka Lee's character, and the debut song of Ranka in the series; contains two cover of Lynn Minmay (Mari Iijima); Ai Oboete Imasu ka (reproduced in deculture edition chapter and 12 of the series as ending teme and 18 as insert song) and Watashi no Kare wa Pilot (insert song chapter 4 Miss Macross), also contains own songs of Megumi = Ranka as Neko Nikki (insert song in chapters 9 and 12, and fifth ending theme in chapter 11). This single debuted at number 5 on Oricon Dailies
Track listing
Lion
"Lion" was the second single from Megumi Nakajima as Ranka Lee also possesses the songs: Lion who plays with May'n (third opening of the series, chapters 18 to 24) and Northern Cross was the seventh song to appear as the ending theme and the second most predominant (Chapters 16, 17, 18, 22, 23 and 24)
Track listing
Ranka to Bobby no SMS Shōtai no Uta Nado.
"Ranka to Bobby no SMS Shōtai no Uta Nado" is the third single from Megumi Nakajima as Ranka, was released after the conclusion of the Macross Frontier TV series, and features the participation of Kenta Miyake = Bobby Margot, and performs a cover of the songs SMS Shōtai no Uta in duet (sung by several voice actors in the anime), and a cover of Watashi no Kare wa Pilot performed by Bobby (originally performed by Mari Iijima). Arrangements: track1=Yoko Kanno, track2=Yoko Kanno, Hisaaki Hokari
Tenshi ni Naritai
is their fourth single, but was the first launched by Nakajima Megumi who was not represented by an anime character; prior to its release, released as digital download songs Tenshi ni Naritai, Pine and Be Myself in Japan mora stores. Tenshi ni Naritai as was the most "requested", this was chosen as the A-side of the CD, the others spent the B-side. When it published the single also included a new song "(Kari) Dajaren no Outa". This single debuted at number 12 on Oricon Dailies.
Nostalgia
Nostalgia was their second single as Nakajima Megumi and the fifth of their career, this included two original songs of Mamegu (Nostalgia and Shining on), and a Mari Iijima's cover of the song Tenshi no Enogu, who was chosen by the fans (with 1,058 votes) in February 2009, in a special site showed up on the Macross Frontier official website which featured a poll for Macross, which song do you want covered by Ranka Lee?, which had other songs, such as My Friends (second with 721 votes), (in third place with 508 votes), Voices (in fourth place with 431 votes) and [Little White Dragon] in last place with 355 votes. Nostalgia and Tenshi ni Naritai singles was used as the theme song for the 2008 adaption of the drama Daisuki! Itsutsugo.
Following the launch of the single, this was accompanied by a DVD containing two tracks, 1.Making and 2. [I Wanna Be an Angel] (PV). This single debuted at # 10 on Oricon Dailies.
No Limit
"No Limit" was the first single from the group Eclipse of the Basquash! series integrating by: Rouge (Haruka Tomatsu), Violette (Saori Hayami) and Citron (Nakajima Megumi) as the leader. And the sixth single from Megumi; nO limiT was used as the opening theme (episodes 2 to 13 and 22 as the insert song), and moon pasport was used as insert song in the same anime. Arrangements: track1=Yoshihiro Kusano, track2=Funta7
Running on
Running on is the seventh single from Megumi and second of the group Eclipse of the Basquash! series, it contains the songs Running on (which was used as insert song), and also features solo versions of their debut single, "No Limit". This solo versions sparked many disputes between the followers of the voice actors, by reason of who was the best singer, but not step over. Arrangements: track1= Okumoto Akira, track2=Yoshihiro Kusano
Futari no Yakusoku
(Our Promise) was the last single released by Eclipse, and the eighth of Nakajima, presents the songs Futari no Yakusoku that was used as the ending theme (chapters 13 to 23 and 25-26), and the song Hoshi Watari performed only by Mamegu (Citron), and this was used as ending theme in chapter 24, when Dan and their friends travel to the moon by the power of the ruins of the legend with this song. Arrangements: track1=Yoshihiro Kusano, track2=Conisch
One Way Ryō Omoi
(One Way Love) is the second single of the series Kämpfer, but the ninth of Megumi, involved in this CD Marina Inoue (as Seno Natsuru) and Megumi Nakajima (as Sakura Kaede), the song One Ryō Omoi Way is used as the ending theme of the series, the second track is Tatakae Mora Rhythm and the third track track One Way Ryō Omoi -unstoppable delusion ≒ impulse-, is a remix arranged by Yoshihisa xxyoshixx Fujita. Arrangements: track1=Takahiro Ando, track2=Akira Takada
Jellyfish no Kokuhaku
(Confession of a Jellyfish) is the third single from Megumi Nakajima who is not represented by an anime character, and tenth in their career; presents the songs Jellyfish no Kokuhaku used as ending theme in the Kobato series and Hi no Ataru Heya. This single debuted at number 12 on Oricon Dailies.
CM Ranka
is the fourth single from Megumi Nakajima as Ranka Lee, but eleven of their career, this single contains songs sung by Megumi in the movie Gekijōban Macross Frontier: Itsuwari no Utahime, the song Sō Da Yo was used as ending theme of the movie, from second to seventh track are songs of commercials sung by Ranka in the movie, except Ninjin loves you yeah!. The eighth track on the CD was confirmed on the official website of Flying Dog. This CD contains two songs written by Shōji Kawamori himself, under the alias of . The song "Family Mart Cosmos" is used in Family Mart convenience stores in addition to the film. This single debuted at number 5 on Oricon Dailies
Track listing
Melody
is the fourth single from Megumi Nakajima who is not represented by an anime character, and the twelfth in their career; presents the song Melody used as ending theme to first volume of OVA Tamayura series, and the songs Natsudori used as second ending theme and Naisho no Hanashi used as insert song.
Hōkago Overflow
is the second single release from Ranka Lee of anime series "Macross Frontier." Includes B-side "Get it on-flying rock" sung with Sheryl, Hōkago Overflow is the second official single of Ranka after Seikan Hikō, this song has been used for promotion the new film Gekijōban Macross F: Sayonara no Tsubasa.
Track listing
Track listing
Digital downloads
Be Myself (2008.11.08)
(2008.11.08)
[I Wanna Be an Angel] (2008.11.08)
[I Wanna Be an Angel] (2009.07.01)
Shining on Live ver. (2009.07.01)
Raspberry Kiss (2009.07.08)
Compilations
Macross Frontier O.S.T.1 Nyan FRO.
What 'bout my star?@Formo (duet with May'n)
[Carrots Loves you yeah!]
["Super Dimension Restaurant Nyan Nyan" CM Song (Ranka Version)]
[Aimo ~ Bird Human]
Macross Frontier O.S.T.2 Nyan TRA☆
(duet with May'n)
[Your Sound]
[Interstellar Flight]
[Do You Remember Love? ~ bless the little queen]
[Azure Ether]
(with May'n and Maaya Sakamoto)
Macross Frontier Vocal Collection Nyan Tama
Disc 1
What 'bout my star?@Formo (duet with May'n)
[Diamond Crevasse ~ In the Park View] (duet with May'n)
(duet with May'n)
["Super Dimension Restaurant Nyan Nyan" CM Song (Ranka Version)]
[Interstellar Flight]
[My Boyfriend is a Pilot]
[Cat Diary]
[Carrots Loves you yeah!]
[Aimo ~ Bird Human]
[Do You Remember Love?]
Disc 2
(duet with May'n)
(duet with May'n)
[Brera and Little Ranka's Aimo]
[Your Sound]
[Azure Ether]
[Do You Remember Love? ~ bless the little queen]
[Nyan Nyan Special Service Medley (Special Serving)] (with May'n and Maaya Sakamoto)
(duet with May'n)
[Mother and Little Ranka's Aimo] (duet with Maaya Sakamoto)
Idol Attack!
[Rainbow's Brace] (with Haruka Tomatsu / Saori Hayami)
Cosmos
After the Heart Rain
No Limit (album-mix) (with Haruka Tomatsu / Saori Hayami)
No Limit (sadness x Rouge edit) (with Haruka Tomatsu / Saori Hayami)
Iki o Shiteru Kanjiteiru
[I'm Breathing, I'm Feeling] (with Mari Iijima, Fire Bomber and May'n)
Iki o Shiteru Kanjiteiru (TV Mix)
Kämpfer Character Song Album
[A Make-up Fall in Love]
Sugao de Fall in Love (Instrumental)
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Lumphat () is a district in Ratanakiri Province, north-east Cambodia. In 1998, it had a population of 10,301.
Lomphat, the former capital of Ratanakiri, is located in the district on the Srepok River. The town is home to fewer than 800 people. The district gives its name to the Lomphat Wildlife Sanctuary, a preservation area for the many unique species indigenous to Northeast Cambodia.
Administration
The district is subdivided into six communes (khum), which are further subdivided into 26 villages (phum).
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
Morton Estrin (December 29, 1923 – December 7, 2017) was an American classical pianist and teacher.
Their career began in 1949 with a well-received recital at Town Hall in New York. They studied with the teacher Vera Maurina-Press and others.
Estrin made the first recording of Alexander Scriabin's complete Twelve Etudes, Op. 8, which they re-recorded in 1991. Both recordings reflect the hallmarks of Estrin's style - a robust tone, formidable technique and an unusually large and sophisticated tonal palette.
Other notable recordings include a selection of Brahms intermezzos along with their Opus 119 piano pieces, and the complete Opus 32 Preludes of Sergei Rachmaninoff. These records, released in the early 1970s on the Connoisseur Society label, are among the best recordings of these works and continue to be available. Estrin's other recordings for the Connoisseur Society are also available.
In 1985, Estrin played all 24 Rachmaninoff Preludes at Alice Tully Hall.
Estrin recorded several albums of miniatures entitled Great Hits You Played When You Were Young. More recent recordings include a suite by Brahms contemporary Joachim Raff and études by Anton Rubinstein.
Although Estrin actively performed throughout their career, they devoted most of their time to teaching. Estrin was a professor at Hofstra University and private teacher on Long Island, where they resided until their death. Their students include John Mauceri, Billy Joel, Mo Fink, and Debbie Gibson.
Estrin died on December 7, 2017 at the age of 94.
References
External links
(archived copy)
Morton Estrin Webpage, Hofstra University Music Department
1923 births
2017 deaths
American classical pianists
American male pianists
American music educators
Male classical pianists
Piano pedagogues
People from Burlington, Vermont
The 1981 San Miguel Beermen season was the seventh season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Transactions
New coach
Former U-Tex coach Tommy Manotoc will now be the new head coach of San Miguel Beermen, Manotoc replaces Edgardo Ocampo, who transferred to Toyota Super Diesels at the beginning of the season.
Summary
The Beermen had two returning imports for the Open Conference, Aaron James and James Robinson, both former U-Tex Wranglers under coach Tommy Manotoc. James was part of the champion team from last season while Robinson played for U-Tex in 1979.
After topping the elimination phase in a tie with U-Tex for the best record of 14 wins and four losses in the Open Conference, the Beermen went down at the bottom of the four-team semifinals with one victory against five defeats. They lost to U-Tex, three games to two, in the series for third place.
In the Reinforced Filipino Conference, San Miguel's import Bobby Turner played three games and was replaced by Ron Roberson, who played for the Beermen in the rest of their remaining assignments, including the round-robin among the four teams that didn't advance in the round of six.
Won-loss record vs Opponents
Roster
References
San Miguel Beermen seasons
San
Eric M. Klinenberg (born November 14, 1970) is an American sociologist and a scholar of urban studies, culture, and media.  They are currently Helen Gould Shepard Professor in Social Science and Director of the Institute for Public Knowledge at New York University. Klinenberg is best known for their contributions as a public sociologist.
Biography
Klinenberg was born in Chicago to a family of Czech-Jewish origin. They attended the Francis W. Parker School and later earned a bachelor of arts degree from Brown University (1993), followed by a master's degree (1997) and PhD (2000) from the University of California, Berkeley.  They are currently Professor of Sociology, Public Policy, and Media, Culture, and Communication at New York University, as well as the editor of the journal Public Culture. In 2012, Klinenberg became the director of the Institute for Public Knowledge at New York University. In 2013, they were appointed research director of the Rebuild by Design competition.
Publications
Klinenberg's first book, Heat Wave: A Social Autopsy of Disaster in Chicago, was published by the University of Chicago Press in 2002. The book is an account and analysis of the 1995 Chicago heat wave. The book won several scholarly prizes, including the American Sociological Association Robert Park Book Award, the Urban Affairs Association best book award, the British Sociological Association book prize, the Mirra Komarovsky Book Prize, and honorable mention for the C Wright Mills Award, and was a Favorite Book selection by the Chicago Tribune. A theatrical adaptation of the book premiered in Chicago in 2008.
Their second book, Fighting for Air: The Battle to Control America's Media, was called "politically passionate and intellectually serious,", "a must-read for those who wonder what happened to good radio, accurate reporting and autonomous public interest".
Their third book, Going Solo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Living Alone, was published in February 2012 by Penguin Press. Going Solo has been translated into several languages, including Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish, and Hungarian, and has generated widespread debate. In a cover story, Time magazine featured Going Solo as "the number one idea that is changing our lives."
In 2013, Klinenberg wrote an influential article in the New Yorker on Hurricane Sandy and climate change adaptation, in which they explained the role of social infrastructure in protecting cities and communities.
Klinenberg co-wrote a book about romance with comedian Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance: An Investigation, published in June 2015.
In 2018, Klinenberg published a book on the role of social infrastructure in American culture titled Palaces for the People: How Social Infrastructure Can Help Fight Inequality, Polarization, and the Decline of Civic Life. Klinenberg analyzes the role of public spaces such as libraries, parks, gardens, and universities among other investments help to strengthen and heal communities and build social capital.
In addition to their books and scholarly articles, Klinenberg has contributed to The New York Times Magazine, Rolling Stone, The London Review of Books, The Nation, The Washington Post, Mother Jones, The Guardian, Le Monde diplomatique, Slate, Playboy, the radio program This American Life and the television program Real Time with Bill Maher.
Select bibliography
Books
Klinenberg, Eric (2018). Palaces for the People: How Social Infrastructure can Help Fight Inequality, Polarization, and the Decline of Civic Life. Crown Publishing Group.
Essays and journalism
Klinenberg, Eric (September 8, 2018). "To Restore Civil Society, Start With the Library". New York Times.
Notes
External links
Official website
This American Life
''Heat Wave'' book interview
1970 births
American people of Bohemian descent
American people of Czech-Jewish descent
American sociologists
Brown University alumni
Jewish American social scientists
Jewish sociologists
New York University faculty
Living people
The New Yorker people
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Writers from Chicago
21st-century American Jews
Francis W. Parker School (Chicago) alumni
Daniel Robert Drew (born 22 May 1996) is an Australian cricketer. They made their first-class debut on 7 December 2019, for South Australia in the 2019–20 Sheffield Shield season. They made their Twenty20 debut on 7 December 2021, for the Adelaide Strikers in the 2021–22 Big Bash League season.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
Adelaide Strikers cricketers
South Australia cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Dragaljevac () is a place located west of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. There are 3 parts, Dragaljevac Donji, Dragaljevac Gornji and Dragaljevac Srednji.
External links
Bijeljina official website (Serbian)
References
Bijeljina
Populated places in Bijeljina
Melanie Benjamin is chief executive of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe, a sovereign, federally-recognized American Indian tribal government in the Mille Lacs Indian Reservation in east-central Minnesota, USA.
Biography
Benjamin was originally elected chief executive of the band in 2000, and re-elected in 2004 and 2008. In October 2008, shortly after the start of their third term, they were removed from office following accusations of misappropriation of tribal funds. They were again elected chief executive in 2012 and in 2016. In 2020, Benjamin was again re-elected by the citizens of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe to their sixth consecutive four-year term. In 2018, Benjamin addressed the Band's opioid crisis and provided harsh comments to traditionally Band-supportive groups on their lack of assistance to the Tribe.
References
Living people
Chief Executives of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe
Ojibwe people
People from Pine County, Minnesota
Native American women in politics
Year of birth missing (living people)
The National Indigenous Radio Service (NIRS) is a satellite program feed available in Australia to Indigenous and non-Indigenous community radio stations. NIRS provides targeted and specialist programming for and by Australia's Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander broadcasters. From its base in Brisbane NIRS provides a feed of programs and music supplied by a number of contributing stations including Koori Radio, 4AAA and BBM.
Subscribing stations are able to re-transmit individual programs or entire blocks of program time as needed. As NIRS is broadcast 24 hours a day, stations with limited resources who are unable to provide a full-time service can use NIRS to fill the gaps between local programming. For those radio stations that already broadcast 24 hours a day, NIRS gives them access to national coverage of Indigenous current affairs and Indigenous news, which some stations may not have the resources to provide themselves.
Funding
The National Indigenous Radio Service receives the bulk of its funds from the Australian Government through the National Indigenous Australians Agency.The service can also broadcast limited advertising in the form of sponsorship.
Programming
Along with its bed of purely Australian and Indigenous music is national programming covering topics such as health, education, Government department updates and issues relevant to Indigenous Australians. Other programming includes regional news, sporting events and coverage of live music and festivals.
Australian rules football
During the home and away season, NIRS broadcasts descriptions of at least three Australian Football Leagues matches every weekend. Expert commentators in 2011 included Gilbert McAdam, Ronnie Burns, Chris Johnson, Indigenous Team of the Century umpire Glenn James, and Darryl White.
VAST
National Indigenous Radio Service is distributed through VAST and livestreaming.
National Indigenous News Service
The National Indigenous Radio Service is based in Brisbane and provides a national news service consisting of 15 five-minute bulletins Monday to Friday. The news service focuses on Indigenous news and stories relevant to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people. The newsroom is mainly staffed by Indigenous journalists.
See also
Australian Indigenous Communications Association
Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association
Community Radio Network (Australia)
References
External links
Indigenous Australian mass media
Community radio organizations
Community radio stations in Australia
Indigenous radio
Amund Dietzel (28 February 1891 – 9 February 1974) was an early American tattoo artist who tattooed tens of thousands of people in Milwaukee between 1913 and 1967. They developed a substantial amount of flash art, influenced many other tattoo artists, and helped to define the American traditional tattoo style. They were known as the "Master of Milwaukee" and "Master in Milwaukee".
They learned to tattoo as a young Norwegian sailor, but after a shipwreck in Canada, they decided to immigrate to the United States. They became a traveling performer as a tattooed man, then settled in Milwaukee as a professional tattoo artist.
Early life
Dietzel was born on 28 February 1891, in Kristiania, Norway. After their father died, Dietzel joined the Norwegian merchant fleet at the age of 14. Scandinavia had a maritime tattooing tradition, and Dietzel soon received their first tattoo. While working on a ship that transported timber between Canada and England, they began to tattoo their shipmates using a needle tool that they made. In July 1907, when Dietzel was 16, their ship wrecked near Quebec, and they decided to work in the lumberyards there rather than return to sea.
Career
Art school and traveling carnivals
After working in Quebec for two months, Dietzel hopped a train and moved to New Haven, Connecticut. In New Haven, they took some art classes at Yale University while working as a tattoo artist at night. They wanted to be a fine-art painter, but they could not afford to continue studying art at Yale, so they became a full-time tattoo artist instead. Around this time, they started using an electric tattoo machine. They made friends with William Grimshaw, an English immigrant who was also a developing tattoo artist. Grimshaw gave Dietzel a suit of tattoos, and Dietzel may have tattooed Grimshaw in return. Together, they performed in traveling carnivals and circus sideshows as tattooed men, where they sold photos of themselves and tattooed customers in between shows. Dietzel and Grimshaw used tattoo ink made with carbon black, "China red" (vermilion), "Casali's green" (viridian), Prussian blue, and a yellow pigment that may have been arylide yellow.
Milwaukee
In 1913, Dietzel arrived in Milwaukee and found that nobody was tattooing there. They decided to stay and set up shop in an arcade. Their business occupied various downtown locations over the years, and they sometimes shared space with a sign painter. Dietzel was known to wear formal clothes at work, such as a vest and tie with rolled-up shirtsleeves, and even sleeve garters. Many of their customers were soldiers and sailors who served in World War I and World War II. By 1949, business had declined, so they also worked as a sign painter.
In the early 1950s, most of their customers were sailors on leave from Naval Station Great Lakes. They said that the Navy was discouraging tattoos of naked women, so they were often asked to add clothes to existing tattoos. Their designs at that time included a full-rigged sailing ship labeled "Homeward Bound", a woman wearing a sailor cap, dragons, peacocks, mermaids, and skull and crossbones. In the mid-1950s, they said that they had tattooed more than 20,000 customers.
They became known as the region's leading tattoo artist. Many tattoo artists came to Milwaukee to get tattooed by Dietzel and to learn from their techniques, including Samuel Steward. They developed a large quantity of flash art — at one point, they said that they had developed more than 5,000 designs — and contributed to the development of the American traditional tattoo style. They were called the "Master in Milwaukee", "Master of Milwaukee", and "Rembrandt of the rind".
Dietzel also painted landscapes and birds, and they took classes at Layton School of Art in Milwaukee.
End of career
In 1964, at age 73, Dietzel sold their shop to their friend and collaborator Gib "Tatts" Thomas. In February 1967, Thomas said that they and Dietzel had "covered more people for exhibition than any two people in the United States", but that few people wanted to become tattooed sideshow performers anymore; most of their recent customers were sailors or business people. Dietzel and Thomas continued to tattoo together until the Milwaukee city council banned tattooing on 1 July 1967.
Personal life and death
Dietzel was married four times. In the 1940 census, they are listed as living in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, with their wife and daughter.
Dietzel died of leukemia on 9 February 1974. The probate section of The Waukesha Freeman newspaper stated that they were from Oconomowoc, Wisconsin, and had left $28,725.02 () to their heirs.
Legacy
Samuel Steward, who had learned from Dietzel and kept some of Dietzel's flash in their shop, trained Don Ed Hardy. Hardy went on to revive and promote the American traditional tattoo style that Dietzel had worked in.
Jon Reiter, a tattoo artist who grew up in Milwaukee, heard about Dietzel but could not find much information about him. Reiter started collecting flash art by Dietzel and got in contact with Dietzel's grandsons, who shared boxes of memorabilia and photos with him. They wrote two books about Dietzel and worked with the Milwaukee Art Museum to hold an exhibit of Dietzel's art in 2013.
References
Further reading
These Old Blue Arms: The Life and Work of Amund Dietzel by Jon Reiter. Solid State Publishing, 2010, ISBN 978-0-578-05967-9.
These Old Blue Arms: The Life and Work of Amund Dietzel, Volume 2 by Jon Reiter. Solid State Publishing, 2011, ISBN 0-578-05967-3.
Bad Boys and Tough Tattoos by Samuel M. Steward. Routledge, 1990, ISBN 0-918393-76-0.
Tattoo artists
Norwegian artists
People known for being heavily tattooed
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
1891 births
1974 deaths
Prince Ali Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Mafraq, Jordan. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 3,500 people.
External links
Football venues in Jordan
Multi-purpose stadiums in Jordan
Kuala Krau (Pahang Malay: Kole Kgha) is a federal constituency in Temerloh District and Maran District, Pahang, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Kuala Krau constituency is divided into 33 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Pahang federal constituencies
The 1951–52 season was the 53rd completed season of The Football League.
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
After the title disappointments of the previous five seasons, Manchester United finally ended their 41-year wait for the First Division title, finishing four points ahead of their nearest rivals, Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal.
Huddersfield Town and Fulham were relegated to the Second Division.
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1951-52 in English football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1951–52 in English football leagues
Arabinda Rajkhowa (Assamese: (real name Rajiv Rajkonwar), alias Mijanur Rahman Choudhury, is the Chairman of the banned group ULFA.  They are one of the founder members of the group. They were also the Vice-President of the Indo-Burma Revolutionary Front. They were a leader of the Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad (AJYCP), a radical students' group in Assam, before they founded ULFA.
Personal life
They were born to freedom fighter Umakanta Rajkonwar and Damayanti Rajkonwar, ardent followers of Mahatma Gandhi, in 1956 in Ujani Konwargaon under Simaluguri in Sibsagar. By profession, they were a schoolteacher.  They are said to be a soft-spoken and is fluent in nearly half a dozen languages.
In the late 1990s, Rajkhowa married Kaveri Kachari, a budding poet of that time. They had to spend the initial days of their marriage in jungles of Assam and Bhutan. They have two children Khamsheng Bohagi Rajkumari (Daughter) and Aicheng Rajkonwar (Son).
Arrest
On late Monday night, 30 November 2009, Bangladesh Police arrested Rajkhowa somewhere near Dhaka. They have been handed over to the Indian authorities. Meanwhile, according to North East TV channel, ULFA chairperson Arabinda Rajkhowa claimed that reports of their arrest were aimed at creating confusion and derailing the peace process in Assam. "I am speaking to you from the same location in Bangladesh where I normally speak from. Those who say that I have been arrested are deliberately trying to create confusion. They want to derail the peace process in Assam even before it can begin," they reportedly told North East TV channel. But intelligence sources claim Rajkhowa had surrendered to Indian security forces in Agartala and was taken to New Delhi by a flight on late Wednesday. On December 5, 2009, Rajkhowa along with their bodyguard Raja Baruah and the group's deputy C-in-C Raju Baruah were produced before Robin Phukan, the chief judicial magistrate, Kamrup.
Public reactions and surrender
Rajkhowa rubbished police's claim that they had surrendered. “We have not surrendered, we will never surrender", they cleared their stand as they were produced in court before Robin Phukan, the chief judicial magistrate, Kamrup. They emerged as heroes among the crowd for having denied their surrender. They got the biggest boost when public encouraged them not to surrender shouting - "Surrender nokoribo" (Do not surrender). The leader obliged the crowd saying "surrender nokoru moi (I will never surrender)”. “If I had surrendered then I would not have been brought to the court handcuffed,” they said. The crowd filled up the air with slogans like "ULFA Zindabad" and "Rajkhowa Zindabad" (Long live ULFA & Long live Rajkhowa) the moment they appeared in the court premise.
Release
Rajkhowa was released on bail from the Guwahati Central Jail on 1 January 2011. They were granted bail by a special TADA court Thursday after the government prosecutor gave no objection to Rajkhowa's bail petition. After their release they said that they were ready for unconditional peace talks with the government, but a formal decision to this effect could be taken at their executive meeting once all jailed leaders are released.
Although wife Kaveri and their two children were captured along with him, police had let off their family with no charges slapped against them. Rajkhowa's family has since been settled in their ancestral home in Lakwa in eastern Assam's Sivasagar district.
Family
Rajkhowa's family consists of their wife Kaberi Kachari, 13-year-old daughter Khamsheng Bohagi Rajkumari and 5-year-old son Gadadhar. Their family members had also been caught although they were set free since no pending cases were there against them.
Rajkhowa's elder brother Ajay Rajkonwar reportedly told that they want to take custody of their brother's family so that their 97-year-old mother could meet them. "We are ready to take custody of Kaveri and the two children -- 13-year-old daughter and five-year-old son -- and take them to our mother at Lakwa in Sibsagar. If Kaveri wants to stay back for the group's organisational work, we have nothing to say," they said to reporters.
See also
ULFA
Sanjukta Mukti Fouj
People's Consultative Group
List of top leaders of ULFA
References
People from Sivasagar district
1956 births
Living people
ULFA members
Burned is the debut and only album released by Electrafixion in 1995. It reached No. 38 on the UK Albums Chart in October of that year.
Different releases
Burned was originally released in 1995 on CD with eleven tracks.
In 2007, the album was reissued in the UK by Korova Records in remastered in expanded form, with the four tracks from the Zephyr EP and a remixed version of "Never" on the first CD. A second CD was included containing B-sides and live recordings from their Shepherd's Bush Empire concert on 22 October 1995.
Singles/EPs
The tracks on the album which have been released as singles are "Lowdown", "Never" and "Sister Pain". An EP titled Zephyr was released which included the tracks "Zephyr", "Burned" and "Mirrorball". "Rain on Me" from the Zephyr EP was not included on the CD until the 2007 reissue.
Track listing
All tracks written by Ian McCulloch and Will Sergeant except where noted.
Disc one
"Feel My Pulse" – 4:23
"Sister Pain" – 4:15
"Lowdown" (McCulloch, Sergeant, Johnny Marr) – 4:35
"Timebomb" – 4:38
"Zephyr" – 4:12
"Never" – 4:46
"Too Far Gone" (McCulloch, Sergeant, Marr) – 4:48
"Mirrorball" – 3:56
"Who's Been Sleeping in My Head" – 4:00
"Hit by Something" – 3:28
"Bed of Nails" – 3:51
"Zephyr" – 4:54
"Burned" – 5:45
"Mirrorball" – 4:05
"Rain on Me" – 5:35
"Never" (Utah Saints 'Blizzard On' Mix) – 6:36
Disc two
"Holy Grail" – 7:07
"Land of the Dying Sun" – 5:28
"Razor's Edge" – 4:15
"Not of This World" – 3:38
"Subway Train" – 3:00
"Work It on Out" – 4:25
"Zephyr" (live) – 4:31
"Feel My Pluse" (live) – 3:56
"Sister Pain" (live) – 4:01
"Lowdown" (live) (McCulloch, Sergeant, Marr) – 4:32
"Never" (live) – 5:38
"Holy Grail" (live) – 5:40
"Too Far Gone" (live) (McCulloch, Sergeant, Marr) – 4:48
"Burned" (live) – 4:44
"Loose" (live) (The Stooges) – 4:01
Personnel
Producers:
Electrafixion
Mark Stent
Musicians:
Ian McCulloch – vocals, guitar
Will Sergeant – guitar
Leon de Sylva – bass
Tony McGuigan – drums
Julian Phillips – bass on live tracks
George Phillips – drums on live tracks
Notes
References
2007 CD liner notes
Discogs.com
1995 debut albums
Electrafixion albums
Warner Music Group albums
Phlogochroa rubida is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by William Jacob Holland in 1920. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Moths described in 1920
Calpinae
Herut (, lit. Freedom) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Tel Mond, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1930 by the Herut society, an organization of immigrants who settled in Palestine during the Third and Fourth Aliyah. One of the early agricultural crops was peanuts. Landmarks buildings include a culture hall, Beit Ha'am, built in 1959. Among the founders of the moshav were the parents of Nechama Rivlin, who had immigrated from Ukraine.
Notable residents
Nechama Rivlin
References
External links
Herut website
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1930
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1930 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Lucerne is an unincorporated community in Gilmer County, West Virginia, United States. Its post office is closed.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Gilmer County, West Virginia
The Thörlerbahn was a gauge narrow-gauge railway, operated by the between Kapfenberg and - in Austria. It connected the region around Aflenz in the Obersteiermark with the southern main line at Kapfenberg.
History
The railway was originally planned as a section of a projected railway connection from the to Mariazell, and was opened 1893. The line brought an economic upswing to the region because of the availability of goods traffic, and the iron industry particularly profited from the introduction of rail transport. Passenger traffic never achieved great importance, since the larger places were convenient off the distance such as Aflenz or Turnau and also the proposed connection to Mariazell was never realised.
Passenger traffic was stopped on March 15, 1959, and the section from Seebach-Turnau to Au-Seewiesen was closed and removed in 1964. However goods traffic from the iron industry in Thörl continued to develop positively. In the 1960s the railway changed over to diesel traction, modern wagons were procured, and the track upgraded to cope with the increased loads. Lastly at the beginning of the 1990s modern workshops were built at Kapfenberger.
The section from Aflenz to Seebach-Turnau, which only saw sporadic traffic in timber products, was closed at the end of 1990. The Thörlerbahn Association, which was established to protect this section from demolition, in 1991 proposed a tourist operation with borrowed vehicles. This offer was accepted, so in the following years a promising museum course project was developed: passenger vehicles were built based on historical designs on goods wagons chassis and the last original steam engine, No. 6 THÖRL, the last existing locomotive of class Z, was rented from Club 760 and re-activated.
A bank failure in 1995 led to the local iron industry going bankrupt, so after the loss of the largest (and practically only) freight customer, the National Railways felt compelled to close the railway. The Thörlerbahn Association was able to operate over the entire length of the railway until the end of the 1997 season, however for financial reasons were not able to take control of the entire 20 km length. There was a lack of support of the railway in the region, local preferences were to convert the railway into a bicycle track and to widen the federal highway. The Thörlerbahn Association announced bankruptcy after loss of the season 1998, and the vehicles were sold or returned to their owners. On 31 October 1999 a hand trolley was driven on the Thörlerbahn for the last time.
The railway was dismantled in 2003 and 2004.
References
Kroboth, Slezak, Sternhart: Schmalspurig durch Österreich. 4. Auflage, Verlag Slezak, 1991,
Slezak, Sternhart: Renaissance der Schmalspurbahn in Österreich. Verlag Slezak, 1986,
Strässle: Schmalspurbahn-Aktivitäten in Österreich. Verlag Slezak, 1997,
760 mm gauge railways in Austria
Heritage railways in Austria
Railway lines opened in 1893
1999 disestablishments in Austria
Defunct railroads
Lockwood & Co is an upcoming British detective thriller television series written and directed by Joe Cornish for Netflix based on Jonathan Stroud's book series of the same name. The series will consist of eight episodes, and will premiere on October 31, 2022.
Premise
In London, the most talented teenage ghost-hunters journey nightly into dangerous combat with deadly spirits. Among the many adult-staffed corporate agencies, one small startup is alone: Lockwood & Co, operated by two teenage boys and a psychically gifted girl who are a renegade trio free of financial motives, adult supervision and destined to unravel a mystery that will change history's course.
Cast
Ruby Stokes as Lucy Carlyle
Cameron Chapman as Anthony Lockwood
Ali Hadji-Heshmati as George Cubbins
Ivanno Jeremiah as Inspector Barnes
Luke Treadaway as The Golden Blade
Morven Christie as Penelope Fittes
Jack Bandeira as Quill Kipps
Ben Crompton as Julius Winkman
Hayley Konadu as Flo Bones
Rhianna Dorris as Kat Godwin
Paddy Holland as Bobby Vernon
Rico Vina as Ned Shaw
Production
Development
On 19 May 2020, it was announced that production company Complete Fiction was working with Netflix to develop a series based on Jonathan Stroud's Lockwood & Co book series. Joe Cornish was set to helm and executive produce the series. In December 2020, Netflix officially gave an eight-episode series order to Lockwood & Co. Cornish serves as the lead writer and director. Nira Park, Rachael Prior, and Cornish serve as executive producers. William MacGregor was also involved in directing several episodes.
Ed Hime, Kara Smith, and Joy Wilkinson serve as writers on the series.
Casting
The cast of the series was confirmed in March 2022 with Ruby Stokes, Cameron Chapman, and Ali Hadji-Heshmati set to star alongside Ivanno Jeremiah, Luke Treadaway, and Morven Christie. Also joining the cast were Jack Bandeira, Ben Crompton, Hayley Konadu, Rhianna Dorris, and Paddy Holland.
Filming
Filming began on July 5, 2021 in London. Filming occurred at the Kensal Green Cemetery in late October 2021. The series wrapped on 15 March 2022 in London.
References
External links
2022 British television series debuts
2020s supernatural television series
2020s British drama television series
British supernatural television shows
Television shows based on British novels
Television shows shot in London
British detective television series
Upcoming Netflix original programming
British adventure television series
British thriller television series
Holidays in the British Virgin Islands are predominantly religious holidays, with a number of additional national holidays. The most important holiday in the Territory is the August festival, which is celebrated on the three days from (and including) the first Monday in August to commemorate the abolition of slavery in the British Virgin Islands.
Where fixed date holidays (such as Christmas Day and Boxing Day) fall on a weekend, the holiday is normally taken in lieu on the next succeeding working day. However, in 2010 when Christmas Day fell on a Saturday and Boxing Day fell on a Sunday, only one day off was given in lieu. An official explanation offered by the Attorney General's department was that because those two days are both "common law holidays" and not statutory holidays, both of them were deferred to the same date – the next Monday. The position taken by the Attorney General was somewhat surprising, as it differed with the common law position expressed to be taken in the United Kingdom.
See also
List of holidays by country
Footnotes
External links
BVI Government official list of holidays
British Virgin Islands
British Virgin Islands-related lists
British Virgin Islands culture
Hundslund is a village in Jutland, Denmark. It is located in Odder Municipality.
Hundslund Church
Hundslund Church is located in Hundslund. The nave and choir was built in the 1100, with the church porch built late in the 1400s. The altarpiece was made in 1613 in the former village of Vrold, which has today merged with Skanderborg. The pulpit is from 1600 and the sounding board from around 1700.
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Villages in Denmark
Ramona Amy Hoh (born 1979) is a Canadian former para-alpine skier from Edmonton. They won a silver and a bronze medal at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, and a bronze medal at the 1998 Winter Paralympics.
Ramona Hoh was born without fingers on their right hand.  They are an alumna of Dartmouth College and currently works as a molecular biologist at Stanford University, where they also received their Ph.D.
References
Paralympic alpine skiers of Canada
Dartmouth College alumni
Stanford University alumni
Stanford University faculty
1979 births
Living people
Medalists at the 1994 Winter Paralympics
Medalists at the 1998 Winter Paralympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Paralympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Paralympics
Paralympic bronze medalists for Canada
Paralympic silver medalists for Canada
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Canadian molecular biologists
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian sportspeople of Chinese descent
Paralympic medalists in alpine skiing
"Everybody Knows" is a song written by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen and collaborator Sharon Robinson. It has often been covered and used in soundtracks.
Song
"Everybody Knows" was first released on Cohen's album I'm Your Man, February 1988.
Five minutes, 37 seconds in duration, "Everybody Knows" is known for its somber tone and repetition of the title at the beginning of most lines. Featuring phrases such as "Everybody knows that the dice are loaded" and "Everybody knows that the good guys lost", "Everybody Knows" has been variously described by critics as "bitterly pessimistic" yet funny, or, more strongly, a "bleak prophecy about the end of the world as we know it". The lyrics include references to AIDS, social problems, and relationship and religious issues.
Soundtracks
"Everybody Knows" has been widely used in television and film. Allan Moyle's 1990 film Pump Up the Volume features the song prominently. A favorite of protagonist Mark Hunter (Christian Slater, as the operator of an FM pirate radio station), Cohen's song is played from an on-screen phonograph several times during Mark's clandestine broadcasts. A cover by Concrete Blonde is used at the film's end, and it is this cover version that made it onto the film's soundtrack album rather than Cohen's version.
Cohen's original version was also featured prominently in Atom Egoyan's 1994 film Exotica, as the theme music of exotic dancer Christina (Mia Kirshner) when they perform at the club of the film's title. The soundtrack album for Exotica, featuring music composed by Mychael Danna, does not include Cohen's recording of this song, either.
"Everybody Knows" was also used in an August 2008 anti-smoking advertisement commissioned by the New South Wales government in Australia with the theme "everybody knows smoking causes these diseases ... yet you still do it".
Cover versions
Like many of Cohen's songs, "Everybody Knows" has been covered by several artists:
Concrete Blonde recorded a version for the soundtrack of the 1990 film Pump Up the Volume. It was released as a promotional single in the US and reached number 20 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. A music video was directed by Jane Simpson and produced by Silvey + Co.
Don Henley included a cover on their Greatest hits album Actual Miles. On a 1996 VH-1 concert they performed the song as a duet with Bryan Adams. (1995)
Rufus Wainwright, in Lian Lunson's documentary film Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man (2005).
Sharon Robinson herself, on their debut CD of the same title (2008).
Stephen Stills and Judy Collins, as the title track to their album of the same name (2017).
Sigrid, as the soundtrack for the movie Justice League (2017).
Charts
Concrete Blonde version
References
1988 songs
Don Henley songs
Leonard Cohen songs
Songs written by Leonard Cohen
Songs written by Sharon Robinson (songwriter)
Columbia Records singles
Songs about HIV/AIDS
The Specials songs
The Canadian Nuclear Society (CNS) is a not-for-profit organization representing individuals contributing to, or otherwise supporting, nuclear science and engineering in Canada. Since 2017, the group has invested in the development of small modular reactor technology.
The CNS is a member of the International Nuclear Societies Council (INSC).
History and mandate
The Canadian Nuclear Society was established in 1979 as "the technical society of the Canadian Nuclear Association (CNA)". Although legally a division of the CNA, the CNS operated independently from the start, with its own volunteer Council (Board of Directors), its own mandate, its own activities, and its own budget. In 1998 the CNS incorporated independently as a federal, not-for-profit corporation, following an overwhelming vote from members. Since then the legal name of the CNS is "Canadian Nuclear Society/Société Nucléaire Canadienne, Inc.".
The CNS is dedicated to the exchange of information, both within the nuclear professional and academic community, and with the public, in the field of applied nuclear science and technology. This encompasses all aspects of nuclear energy, uranium, fission and other nuclear technologies such as occupational and environmental protection, medical diagnosis and treatment, the use of radioisotopes, and food preservation.
Governance
The CNS is governed by a council, acting as its board of directors, consisting of an executive committee and nine - sixteen members-at-large. The 2017–2018 executive committee consists of: Daniel Gammage (president), Peter Ozemoyah (past president), John Luxat (1st vice-president and president-elect), Keith Stratton (2nd vice-president), Mohamed Younis (treasurer), Colin Hunt (secretary), Ken Smith (financial administrator), Ben Rouben (executive director), Peter Easton (communications director), and John Roberts (chair of the Education and Communications Committee).
Membership
The CNS membership includes about 1200 individuals, mostly from within Canada.
The primary category of CNS membership is that of an individual directly involved in the use or development of a nuclear technology in any of the above areas or an individual who is simply interested in nuclear technology.
Another category of CNS membership is that of an educational institution, such as school or university, or public library, that has an interest in providing timely information on nuclear science and technology to a student body or to the public at large. This type of membership has all the privileges of an individual membership with the exception of voting rights.
Operational structure and activities
The CNS is structured along five main technical Divisions (Design & Materials, Fuel Technologies, Nuclear Operations & Maintenance, Nuclear Science & Engineering, and Environment & Waste Management), whose main activities are to organize and conduct workshops, courses, symposia, or conferences within their respective technical areas.
General administration and outreach (public, other societies, etc.) are typically carried out by a number of Committees within the CNS.
The CNS holds an annual conference each June, which includes technical sessions covering all fields, as well as plenary sessions that address topics of broad interest.
At the local level across the country, the CNS includes fourteen branches (nine in Ontario, one in each of Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Quebec, and New Brunswick)
Affiliations
The CNS is affiliated with several "sister" nuclear societies around the world, and is also an organizational member of the Engineering Institute of Canada (EIC). The president of the CNS is an ex officio voting member of the board of directors of the Canadian Nuclear Association.
References
External links
Canadian Nuclear Society website
1979 establishments in Canada
Scientific organizations based in Canada
Nuclear organizations
Engineering societies based in Canada
The is a public transportation authority of Kumamoto City, Japan.
Tram Routes
The bureau operates 2 tram lines within the city.
Tram Fare
The fare is a flat 170 yen for adults, 90 yen for children, payable by cash or public transit card (including Nimoca, ICOCA, Suica, and Pasmo).
Operators
Bus lines in the city were formerly operated by the agency, but have since been privatized.
The city government has operated tram lines since 1924, and bus lines since 1927, but the current transportation bureau was formed in 1944.
Kumamoto City Tram
Currently, has five lines in official count, but with only two routes regularly in service.
Lines and routes
Lines:
Trunk Line (幹線): Kumamoto-Ekimae — Suidōchō
Suizenji Line (水前寺線): Suidōchō — Suizenji-Kōen
Kengun Line (健軍線): Suizenji-Kōen — Kengunmachi
Kami-Kumamoto Line (上熊本線): Karashimachō — Kami-Kumamoto
Tasaki Line (田崎線): Kumamoto-Ekimae — Tasakibashi
Routes:
Route A (A系統): Tasakibashi — Kumamoto-Ekimae — Karashimachō — Suidōchō — Suizenji-Kōen — Kengunmachi
Route B (B系統): Kami-Kumamoto — Karashimachō — Suidōchō — Suizenji-Kōen — Kengunmachi
Gallery
See also
List of light-rail transit systems
External links
Official website—English version of official map
Kumamoto Shiden Database, unofficial fansite.
Kumamoto-city Transportation Museum, unofficial fansite.
Network map
References
1921 establishments in Japan
Bus companies of Japan
Tram transport in Japan
Kumamoto
Intermodal transport authorities in Japan
Haim Kantorovitch (November 4, 1890 – August 17, 1936) was an American socialist teacher, writer, and Marxist theoretician. Kantorovitch is best remembered as one of the intellectual leaders of the Militant faction of the Socialist Party of America in the early 1930s and as a founder and editor of The American Socialist Quarterly, the SP's theoretical magazine.
Biography
Early years
Haim Kantorovitch was born of ethnic Jewish parents in Lakhva, Belarus, then part of the Russian empire, on November 4, 1890. Kantorovitch came to radical politics as a young man, joining the Bund (Yiddish: אַלגעמײַנער ײדישער אַרבעטער בּונד אין ליטע פוילין און רוסלאַנד — Algemeyner Yidisher Arbeter Bund in Lite, Poyln un Rusland, the General Jewish Labour Bund in Lithuania, Poland and Russia.)
Kantorovitch emigrated to the United States in 1907, following the failure of the 1905 Russian Revolution. In America they worked in the garment industry of Boston, Massachusetts making raincoats. Kantorovitch helped to unionize the factory in which they worked, with the union first affiliating with the Industrial Workers of the World before moving to the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union at a later juncture.
Kantorovitch was a native speaker of Yiddish but they were also able to read and write fluently in Russian, German, and English. They wrote two books in Yiddish — The History of the Labor Movement in America and In the Light of Marxism.
Political career
In America, Kantorovitch was initially a "labor Zionist," a member of the Poale-Zion movement. Highly regarded for their knowledge of political history and Marxist theory, in the 1920s Kantorovitch was employed as a teacher in the high school operated by the Workman's Circle (Yiddish: אַרבעטער־רינג — Arbeiter Ring), a Jewish fraternal organization based in New York City. Kantorovitch was also the director of the children's camps sponsored annually by the Workman's Circle organization.
In 1926, Kantorovitch left the Poale-Zion movement to join the successor to the Jewish Socialist Federation of the Socialist Party of America — the Jewish Socialist Verband. Kantorovitch was a frequent contributor to the publications of the Verband before becoming the editor of the official organ of the organization, a newspaper called Der Wecker.
Kantorovitch continued to teach at various Workmen's Circle schools in Baltimore, Waterbury, Newark, and New York City. While in Baltimore they published their first English-language article, "The Rise and Decline of Neo-Communism," a critical analysis of Communism and the Russian Revolution of 1917. The editor of the Modern Monthly, V.F. Calverton, was so impressed with Kantorovitch and their ideas that they were made an Associate Editor of the magazine, to which they frequently contributed.
As the 1930s began, Kantorovitch moved their main activity to the English-speaking Socialist movement. They were an early and enthusiastic adherent to the Militant faction of the Socialist Party which emerged in 1930-31. At the end of 1931 Kantorovitch joined forces with two teachers at the Rand School of Social Science, Anna Bercowitz and David P. Berenberg, as a founder and co-editor of the American Socialist Quarterly, a magazine dedicated to socialist theory and in depth analysis of current questions of policy. The magazine would gain official status as the theoretical journal of the Socialist Party of America during its second year of publication. It was also approximately this same time that Kantorovitch first contracted tuberculosis, the disease which would later claim their life at the age of 46.
Kantorovitch was the author of several political pamphlets advocating a move of the SPA towards a perspective of revolutionary socialism. Despite this perspective, Kantorovitch was consistently critical of the Communist Party (CPUSA), particularly hostile to the party's equation of social democrats with fascists and their activity building dual trade unions up through 1934 under the aegis of the Trade Union Unity League.
When in 1935 the Militants made common cause with the "Progressives" around SP Presidential candidate Norman Thomas and launched a newspaper of their own called The Socialist Call in opposition to the organ of the Old Guard faction, The New Leader, Kantorovitch was a regular contributor. Although in ill health throughout their life with chronic tuberculosis, they continued to write for The Call and The American Socialist up to the time of their death.
Death and legacy
Haim Kantorovitch died on August 17, 1936, at a sanitarium operated by the Workman's Circle in Liberty, New York. Their body was returned to New York City, where it lay in state for two days in the auditorium of the Young Circle League, located at 15 Union Square in New York City. A funeral was held on Friday, August 21 in that same location.
A measured and intelligent man, Kantorovitch's death oddly parallel the October 1933 death from tuberculosis of their equivalent in the Old Guard faction, Morris Hillquit. Devoid of these two respected leaders, more acrimonious voices held sway for both factions in the Socialist Party and a party split soon followed with Old Guard leaders Louis Waldman and James Oneal exiting the party to form the Social Democratic Federation during the second half of 1936. Those remaining in the Socialist Party were rent with several other factional divisions and the membership of the party atrophied as a result of factional warfare and expulsions.
Kantorovitch's colleague David Berenberg eulogized their co-worker in an article published shortly after their death:
"After the death of The Class Struggle [in 1919], an interim of ten years followed during which the Socialist Party had no English publication other than the daily and weekly propaganda papers. Few, apparently, felt the need for something more substantial... For some years the writer cast about among their friends in the party in the hope of finding those few whose enthusiasm could be concretized into action. Then they found Anna Bercowitz, and through their Haim Kantorovitch, who had been making the same search independently. * * *
"For the last five years the [American Socialist Quarterly], and in the last year the [American Socialist Monthly], were Haim Kantorovitch's life. They gave to it the greater part of their time. They took its problems to the sanitorium. In the long hours of their loneliness in Los Angeles and at Liberty [NY] they pondered its future course. In their last days they summoned up the remnants of their strength to write for it an article of pungent warning to that party for which they were giving up their life. * * *
"He is gone now. Other theoreticians will arise. Other writers full of cogency and wit will fill their place. They knew they were not indispensable to the movement. But few among those who follow will have that combination of broad knowledge, deep human understanding, poetic vividness, and human kindness that made up Haim Kantorovitch. They were no angel. They had a tendency to emphasize and subtly caricature the failings of their opponents. They were often cynical and bitter. They were sometimes unjust. But these flaws in them merely prove their humanity. We who have lost them would not have had them otherwise than they are."
Haim Kantorovitch was survived by their wife, Jenny, and two daughters, Miriam ("Mary") and Malka.
Footnotes
Works
Books and pamphlets
Di geshikhṭe fun der Ameriḳaner arbeyṭer baṿegung. New York: Poalei Zion, Branch Six, 1920.
The Rise and Decline of Neo-Communism. Baltimore, MD: The Modern Quarterly, n.d. [c. 1924].
In likht fun Marksizm. New York: Hoyptfarkoyf: M.N. Mayzel, 1925.
Oyfn ṿeg tsum sotsyalizm. New York: Ṿeḳer, 1930.
A shmuʻes tsṿishn tsṿey arbeṭer: Ṿegn sotsyalizm un ḳapiṭalizm. New York: Farlag Ṿeḳer fun Idishn sotsyalisṭishn farband, 1932.
Marksizm in unzer tzeiṭ: Zamlbuch lekoved dem 50ṭn jortzeiṭ fun Karl Marks. New York: Ṿeḳer, 1933.
Towards Socialist Reorientation. ASQ American Socialist Quarterly Reprints no. 1. Chicago, IL: Education Committee, Socialist Party of America, n.d. [c. 1933].
The Socialist Party at the Cross Roads: Notes on the Declaration of Principles Adopted at the National Convention, Socialist party, Detroit, June 3, 1934. New York, NY: Max Delson, 1934.
Problems of Revolutionary Socialism. New York, NY: American Socialist Monthly, 1936.
Articles
"The New Capitalism — And After," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 1, no. 1 (January 1932), pp. 17–32.
"The Social Philosophy of Marxism," American Socialist Quarterly, Part 1: vol. 1, no. 2 (April 15, 1932), pp. 44–52. Part 2: vol. 1, no. 3 (Summer 1932), pp. 42–49.
"Proletarian Literature in America," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 1 (Winter 1933), pp. 3–11.
"Living Marxism," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 2 (Spring 1933), pp. 17–26.
"The German Tragedy: A Warning to International Socialism," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 3 (Summer 1933), pp. 3–13.
"Towards Reorientation," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 4 (Autumn 1933), pp. 13–19.
"The Socialism of the Hopeless," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 3, no. 1 (Spring 1934), pp. 47–53.
"Refreshing Voices from Germany," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 3, no. 2 (Summer 1934), pp. 51–56.
"Notes of a Marxist," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 3, no. 3 (Autumn 1934), pp. 9–34.
"The United Front," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 3, no. 4 (December 1934), pp. 16–25.
"Marxism for Today," The Socialist Call, Part 1: vol. 1, no. 2 (March 13, 1935), pg. 5. Part 2: vol. 1, no. 3 (April 6, 1935), pg. 8. Part 3: vol. 1, no. 7 (May 4, 1935), pg. 8. Part 4: vol. 1, no. 8 (May 11, 1935), pg. 8. Part 5: vol. 1, no. 9 (May 18, 1935), pg. 8. Part 6: vol. 1, no.10 (May 25, 1935), pg. 8.
"Reflections: May Day, 1935," The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no. 6 (April 27, 1935), pg. 20.
"Problems of Revolutionary Socialism," The Socialist Call, Part 1: vol. 1, no. 16 (July 6, 1935), pg. 3. Part 2: vol. 1, no. 17 (July 13, 1935), pg. 9. Part 3: vol. 1, no. 18 (July 20, 1935), pg. 10. Part 4: vol. 1, no. 19 (July 27, 1935), pp. 8–9. Part 5: vol. 1, no. 20 (August 3, 1935), pg. 8. Part 6: vol. 1, no. 21 (August 19, 1935), pg. 8.
"The Socialist Party and the Trade Unions," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 4, no. 3 (November 1935), pp. 34–44.
"The Thomas-Browder Debate," The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no. 38 (December 7, 1935), pg. 9.
"The Old Guard: An Analysis of its History and of its Principles," 'The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no. 39 (December 14, 1935), sec. 2, pg. 1.
"Book Review: What is Communism? by Earl Browder," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 5, no. 2 (April 1936), pp. 28–29.
"Notes on the United Front Problem," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 5, no. 3 (May 1936), pp. 7–11.
"The Left Wing at the Cleveland Convention," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 5, no. 5 (July 1936), pp. 8–12.
"On Reading Trotsky's Book The Third International After Lenin," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 5, no. 6 (August 1936), pp. 29–32.
"Some Notes on an All-Inclusive Party," American Socialist Monthly, vol. 5, no. 8 (December 1936), pp. 14–16.
Translations
Heinrich Ehrlich, The Struggle for Revolutionary Socialism. '' Translation by Haim Kantorovitch and Anna Bercowitz. New York: Bund Club of New York, 1934.
External links
1890 births
1936 deaths
People from Luninets District
Belarusian Jews
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Bundists
Industrial Workers of the World members
Members of the Socialist Party of America
American Marxists
American people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
Writers from New York City
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Yiddish-language writers
Jewish socialists
Tuberculosis deaths in New York (state)
Mark Coxon Morrison (2 April 1877 – 10 May 1945) was a Scottish international rugby union footballer who captained both Scotland and the British and Irish Lions.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Morrison played for Royal HSFP.
They played two games for Leicester, one in 1898 and one in 1902.
Provincial career
Morrison played for Edinburgh District and played in the Inter-City matches against Glasgow District.
International career
They played for Scotland twenty three times between 1896 and 1904, and captained the team fifteen times, a record which stood until the era of Arthur Smith, sixty years later.
They first played for Scotland against Wales in 1896, while a teenager playing for Royal HSFP. They continued to play for Scotland until 1904, and captained them a total of 15 times. With Scotland they won three Home Nations Championship with them in 1901, 1903 and 1904. Two of those Championship victories were Triple Crown wins (1901 and 1903).
They were chosen to captain the British and Irish Lions on the 1903 British Lions tour to South Africa. The Lions lost the Test series 1–0 with two drawn. In 2002 they were inducted into the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame.
Jimmy Sinclair, the Springbok forward described Morrison as "a real roughouse of a man, and a great leader."
Administrative career
They were the 55th President of the Scottish Rugby Union, in post from 1934 to 1935.
Outside of rugby
Mark Coxon Morrison was born to John Morrison (1839-1923) and Jane Begg (1846-1911) in Dalmeny, West Lothian. They were a farmer by trade.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Complete Book of Rugby (Seven Oaks Ltd, 1997 )
External links
1877 births
1945 deaths
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Scotland
Edinburgh District (rugby union) players
Leicester Tigers players
People educated at the Royal High School, Edinburgh
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Royal HSFP players
Rugby union forwards
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Isodemis ngoclinha is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream scaled pinkish rust, but more grey in the dorsal area and markedly brownish in the mid-terminal portion. The markings in the costal area are olive brown. The hindwings are brownish.
Etymology
The name refers to the type locality, Ngọc Linh, Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 2009
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Grady County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Grady County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 13 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Grady
Buildings and structures in Grady County, Oklahoma
Transport and golgi organization 2 homologs (TANGO2) also known as chromosome 22 open reading frames 25 (C22orf25) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TANGO2 gene.
The function of C22orf25 is not currently known. It is characterized by the NRDE superfamily domain (DUF883), which is strictly known for the conserved amino acid sequence of (N)-Asparagine (R)-Arginine (D)-Aspartic Acid (E)-Glutamic Acid. This domain is found among distantly related species from the six kingdoms: Eubacteria, Archaebacteria, Protista, Fungi, Plantae, and Animalia and is known to be involved in Golgi organization and protein secretion. It is likely that it localizes in the cytoplasm but is anchored in the cell membrane by the second amino acid. C22orf25 is also xenologous to T10 like proteins in the Fowlpox Virus and Canarypox Virus. The gene coding for C22orf25 is located on chromosome 22 and the location q11.21, so it is often associated with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Protein
Gene neighborhood
The C22orf25 gene is located on the long arm (q) of chromosome 22 in region 1, band 1, and sub-band 2 (22q11.21) starting at 20,008,631 base pairs and ending at 20,053,447 base pairs. There is a 1.5-3.0 Mb deletion containing around 30-40 genes, spanning this region that causes the most survivable genetic deletion disorder known as 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, which is most commonly known as DiGeorge syndrome or Velocaridofacial syndrome. 22q11.2 deletion syndrome has a vast array of phenotypes and is not attributed to the loss of a single gene. The vast phenotypes arise from deletions of not only DiGeorge Syndrome Critical Region (DGCR) genes and disease genes but other unidentified genes as well.
C22orf25 is in close proximity to DGCR8 as well as other genes known to play a part in DiGeorge Syndrome such as armadillo repeat gene deleted in Velocardiofacial syndrome (ARVCF), Cathechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) and T-box 1 (TBX1).
Predicted mRNA features
Promoter
The promoter for the C22orf25 gene spans 687 base pairs from 20,008,092 to 20,008,878 with a predicted transcriptional start site that is 104 base pairs and spans from 20,008,591 to 20,008,694. The promoter region and beginning of the C22orf25 gene (20,008,263 to 20,009,250) is not conserved past primates. This region was used to determine transcription factor interactions.
Transcription factors
Some of the main transcription factors that bind to the promoter are listed below.
Expression analysis
Expression data from Expressed Sequence Tag mapping, microarray and in situ hybridization show high expression for Homo sapiens in the blood, bone marrow and nerves. Expression is not restricted to these areas and low expression is seen elsewhere in the body. In Caenorhabditis elegans, the snt-1 gene (C22orf25 homologue) was expressed in the nerve ring, ventral and dorsal cord processes, sites of neuromuscular junctions, and in neurons.
Evolutionary history
The NRDE (DUF883) domain, is a domain of unknown function spanning the majority of the C22orf25 gene and is found among distantly related species, including viruses.
Predicted protein features
Post translational modifications
Post translational modifications of the C22orf25 gene that are evolutionarily conserved in the Animalia and Plantae kingdoms as well as the Canarypox Virus include glycosylation (C-mannosylation), glycation, phosphorylation (kinase specific), and palmitoylation.
Predicted topology
C22orf25 localizes to the cytoplasm and is anchored to the cell membrane by the second amino acid. As mentioned previously, the second amino acid is modified by palmitoylation. Palmitoylation is known to contribute to membrane association because it contributes to enhanced hydrophobicity. Palmitoylation is known to play a role in the modulation of proteins' trafficking, stability and sorting. Palmitoylation is also involved in cellular signaling and neuronal transmission.
Protein Interactions
C22orf25 has been shown to interact with NFKB1, RELA, RELB, BTRC, RPS27A, BCL3, MAP3K8, NFKBIA, SIN3A, SUMO1, Tat.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the TANGO2 gene may cause defects in mitochondrial β-oxidation and increased endoplasmic reticulum stress and a reduction in Golgi volume density. These mutations result in early onset hypoglycemia, hyperammonemia, rhabdomyolysis, cardiac arrhythmias, and encephalopathy that later develops into cognitive impairment.
References
External links
www.tango2.it - Disease website
www.tango2research.org - Research disease website -
William Henry Simmons (11 June 1811 – 10 June 1882 London) was a British printmaker.
Life
Simmons became a pupil of William Finden, the line engraver, but eventually they almost entirely abandoned that style of the art for mezzotinto, in which they attained a high degree of excellence.
Simmons died, after a short illness, at 247 Hampstead Road, London, on 10 June 1882, and was buried on the western side of Highgate Cemetery. Their grave (plot no.5984) no longer has a headstone or readable memorial.
Works
Several of their best-known plates are after pictures by Thomas Faed. After Edwin Landseer they engraved Rustic Beauty (the single figure of a girl from the Highland Whisky Still).
Other works by them are
The Light of the World and Claudio and Isabella, after William Holman Hunt;
The Proscribed Royalist, The Parable of the Lost Piece of Money, and Rosalind and Celia, after John Everett Millais;
Broken Vows, after Philip H. Calderon;
The Blind Beggar, after J. L. Dyckmans;
Luff, Boy, after James Clarke Hook;
Hesperus, In Memoriam, Mors Janua Vitæ, and Thy Will be done, after Joseph Noel Paton;
The Marriage of the Prince and Princess of Wales, after William Powell Frith;
Boswell's Introduction to Dr. Johnson, after Eyre Crowe;
Christ weeping over Jerusalem, after Charles Lock Eastlake;
An Old Monarch, A Humble Servant, An Old Pensioner, and the small plate of The Horse Fair, after Rosa Bonheur;
The Triumph of Christianity over Paganism, after Gustave Doré.
They engraved also many plates from paintings by Thomas Brooks, Henry O'Neil, George B. O'Neill, George Henry Boughton, Philip Richard Morris, Richard Ansdell, Henry Le Jeune, James Sant, Frank Stone, Edouard Frère, and others.
Simmons left unfinished The Lion at Home (after Rosa Bonheur) which was completed by Thomas Lewis Atkinson. Their prints appeared at the Royal Academy between 1857 and 1882.
External Link
Engraving of , a painting by Henry Wyatt, for The Amulet annual, 1836, with a poetical illustration (Le Chapeau Noir) by Letitia Elizabeth Landon
References
Attribution
1811 births
1882 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
English engravers
Lugela District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique. It covers 6110 km² with 133.439 inhabitants in 2005. Its seat is the town of Lugela.
The district is inhabited mostly by the ethnic group of Manhauas and Emanhua is the most spoken language.
Geography
Lugela District borders in the north with the Namarroi District from which it is separated by the Lú River. In the south it separated from the Mocuba District by the Lugela River and Licungo River. In the east it borders to the Ile District and in the west with Milange District.
Its highest peak is Mount Mabu that culminates to 1,700 m.
Administrative division
Administrative post of Lugela:
Lugela
Mussengane
Nagobo
Phutine
Taba
Administrative post of Muabanama:
Comone
M'Pemula
Muabanama
Administrative post of Munhamade:
Alto Lugela
Cuba
Mulide
Munhamade
Tenede
Administrative post of Tacuane:
Ebide
Mabu
Tacuane
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
Madhavi Sardesai (1962-2015) was an Indian academic who was the editor of the Konkani literary journal Jaag and also a scholar, publisher and writer who worked mainly in the Konkani language in Goa. They headed the Goa University's Konkani Department. They died on 22 December 2014 after a battle with cancer.
Biography
Sardesai did their primary education through the Konkani medium, and graduated from the Chowgule College, Margao in English and Philosophy. They had an M.A. in linguistics, and presented work on 'Some Aspects of Konkani Grammar' for their MPhil degree. Them PhD was from Goa University's Department of English for their thesis on 'A Comparative Linguistic and Cultural Study of Lexical Influences on Konkani'.
They have worked on the topic of the Portuguese influence on Konkani language and the "linguistic genius" of Shenoi Goembab.
They published research papers on the Konkani language, literature and linguistics and also wrote poems, essays, and short-stories. They served as the Executive Editor of the Jaag monthly and was its editor since August 2007.
Madhavi Sardesai died on 22 December 2014.
Books
Bhasa-Bhas a book on linguistics.
Eka Vicharachi Jivit Katha (Eternal Story of a Thought)
Mankullo Raj Kunvor, a translation of the children's novelette, The Little Prince, from French into Konkani
Manthan (collection of essays)
Awards and recognitions
Sardesai won the award of Sahitya Akademi, Delhi for creative writing in Konkani (2014) for their book Manthan. Earlier, They were awarded the 1998 Sahitya Akademi Translation Prize for their translation Eka Vicharachi Jivit Katha.
References
External links
Mother tongue blues
Dr. Madhavi Sardessai speaks at valedictory function of national seminar on Konkani novel
Prakash Parienkar on Madhavi Sardessai's book-Manthan
Audio-recording of Manthan release, Konkani
1962 births
2014 deaths
Konkani-language writers
20th-century Indian linguists
Indian women linguists
People from Margao
People from Lisbon
Scholars from Goa
20th-century Indian women writers
20th-century Indian writers
20th-century Indian women scientists
Women writers from Goa
Educators from Goa
Women educators from Goa
21st-century Indian women writers
21st-century Indian writers
21st-century Indian linguists
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Konkani
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Prize for Translation
Aurelio Buso (active c. 1520) was an Italian painter from Crema. They studied under Polidoro da Caravaggio and Maturino da Firenze, and assisted them in several of their works at Rome. They ornamented the palace of the noble family of Benzoni at Venice with friezes and other works in the style of Polidoro.
Sources
People from Crema, Lombardy
Italian Renaissance painters
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Multidrug-resistant bacteria (MDR bacteria) are bacteria that are resistant to three or more classes of antimicrobial drugs. MDR bacteria have seen an increase in prevalence in recent years and pose serious risks to public health. MDR bacteria can be broken into 3 main categories: Gram-positive, Gram-negative, and other (acid-stain). These bacteria employ various adaptations to avoid or mitigate the damage done by antimicrobials. With increased access to modern medicine there has been a sharp increase in the amount of antibiotics consumed. Given the abundant use of antibiotics there has been a considerable increase in the evolution of antimicrobial resistance factors, now outpacing the development of new antibiotics.
Examples identified as serious threats to public health
Examples of MDR bacteria identified as serious threats to public health include:
Gram-positive MDR bacteria
Clostridioides difficile
Staphylococcus aureus
Streptococcus pneumoniae
Gram-negative MDR bacteria
Carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter
Escherichia coli
Klebsiella pneumoniae
Neisseria gonorrhoeae
Campylobacter
Pseudomonas aeruginosa
Salmonella
Shigella
Other MDR bacteria
Mycobacterium tuberculosis
Microbial adaptations
MDR bacteria employ a plurality of adaptations to overcome the environmental insults caused by antibiotics. Bacteria are capable of sharing these resistance factors in a process called horizontal gene transfer where resistant bacteria share genetic information that encodes resistance to the naive population.
Antibiotic inactivation: bacteria create proteins that can prevent damage caused by antibiotics, they can do this in two ways. First, inactivating or modifying the antibiotic so that it can no longer interact with its target. Second, degrading the antibiotic directly.
Multidrug efflux pumps: The use of transporter proteins to expel the antibiotic.
Modification of target sites: mutating or modifying elements of the bacteria structure to prevent interaction with the antibiotic.
Structural modifications: mutating or modifying global elements of cell to adapt to Antibiotic (Such as increased acid tolerance to an acidic antimicrobial)
Alternative antimicrobial methods
Phage therapy
Bacteriophage therapy, commonly known as 'phage therapy,' uses bacteria-specific viruses to kill antibiotic resistant bacteria. Phage therapy offers considerably higher specificity as the phage can be engineered to only infect a certain bacteria species. Phage therapy also allows for the possibility of biofilm penetration in cases where antibiotics are ineffective due to the increased resistance of biofilm-forming pathogens. One major drawback to phage therapy is the evolution of phage-resistant microbes which was seen in a majority of phage therapy experiments aimed to treat sepsis and intestinal infection. Recent studies suggest that development of phage resistance comes as a trade-off for antibiotic resistance and can be used to create antibiotic-sensitive populations.
References
Microbiology
Public health
Symbiosis
Antibiotics
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Nagatomo was born in Miyazaki Prefecture on December 7, 1982. After graduating from high school, they joined J1 League club Avispa Fukuoka in 2001. However they could not play at all in the match and Avispa was relegated to J2 League end of 2001 season. On April 27, 2002, they debuted as substitute defender against Ventforet Kofu. On May 6, they played as substitute midfielder against Omiya Ardija. However they could only play these 2 matches. In 2003, they moved to Regional Leagues club Shizuoka FC. They played for the club until 2006.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Miyazaki Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Avispa Fukuoka players
Association football midfielders
The Revista Boliviana de Química (, CODEN RBQUDX) is a Bolivian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1977 and is published by the Facultad de Ciencias Puras y Naturales Publicación de la Carrera de Química, Carrera de Química at the Campus Universitario Cota Cota, in La Paz. The journal was not published from 1980 to 1982.
The contents of the journal can be accessed via the Biblioteca Virtual Universitaria hosted at the Universidad Mayor de San Andrés (UMSA).
See also
Anales de Química
External links
Scielo Website
Homepage of the journal
Homepage of the Department of Chemistry at UMSA
Chemistry journals
Baron was an admiral in the early Imperial Japanese Navy.
Early life
Misu was born in Hikone as the eldest son in a samurai class family. Their father, Misu Kumajirō, was a retainer of the Ii clan, and was assigned command of the defenses of Edo Bay against the incursions of foreign vessels. After the Meiji Restoration, in August 1872, Misu entered the fledgling Imperial Japanese Navy; however, the navy was dominated former Satsuma samurai who were highly antagonistic to people from Hikone. Furthermore, their classmate, Dewa Shigetō, was from Aizu-Wakamatsu, whose former Matsudaira lords were the sworn enemies of the Hikone Ii clan. Misu survived partly through their father's connections with Yoshida Shōin, and through the support and patronage of Ijuin Gorō.
Naval career
In 1874, Misu was assigned to the training ship Tsukuba for studies in navigation. During the Satsuma Rebellion of 1877, Tsukuba was sent to Kyūshū and its crew was assigned shore duty as infantry. However, Misu was ordered to remain aboard the ship for logistics duties.
In August 1878, Misu was commissioned as an ensign. They were promoted to second lieutenant two years later, and lieutenant after another five years. The slowness of their promotion can also be attributed to clan factionalism within the navy. They served initially on the battleship Settsu and cruiser Asama, and in 1885 was assigned to the new cruiser Naniwa on its voyage to Great Britain. After serving as senior gunnery officer on the Naniwa, Misu was appointed its captain in 1887.
Afterwards, they were subsequently captain of Asama, Ryūjō, and then served as commander of the Yokosuka Naval District. In September 1893, they were reassigned to serve in the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff as head of the Naval Personnel Bureau. They were in charge of payroll, awards and promotions, burial of fallen sailors, compensation to families, etc., and served in this desk job throughout the First Sino-Japanese War.
In 1897, Misu returned to the sea as captain of the Suma. They went to England to supervise the construction of the new cruiser Izumo, and brought the new battleship Asahi back to Japan. In 1901, they were promoted to rear admiral and recalled as head of the Naval Personnel Bureau in the Navy General Staff. However, their duties were greatly enlarged by the buildup of the Japanese navy prior to the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905.
During the personnel reorganization within the navy prior to the war, Naval Minister Yamamoto Gonnohyōe was convinced that victory could not be obtained unless Admiral Hidaka Sonojo was replaced by Tōgō Heihachirō. As head of the navy Personnel Bureau, Misu was in a strong position to encourage Yamamoto towards this action. They also recommended Kataoka Shichirō and Shibayama Yahachi as possible successors should something happen to Tōgō in battle. This was quite controversial, as Admiral Kamimura Hikonojō in command of the IJN 2nd Fleet would normally have been appointed successor. Misu reported that Kamimura was of aggressive, even reckless disposition, which made them ideal for leading with aggressive tactics for the Second Fleet, but that this same disposition was a detriment to their ability to replace Tōgō.
In 1905, Misu was promoted to vice admiral, and placed under Tōgō's direct control. Given command of the Nisshin, they were in the line of battle at the Battle of Tsushima, and was wounded in the left eye. Making the most of this injury, Misu was compared with the famous one-eyed warrior Date Masamune.
Following the conclusion of the war, they were ennobled with the title of baron under the kazoku peerage system. In 1906, they commanded the Ryojun Guard District From 1909-1911, they were placed in charge of reconstruction of the Maizuru Naval District. The operational area of Maizuru encompassed their home town of Hikone, which has no access to the sea. They went on the reserve list in 1913 as full admiral and died in 1921.
References
Books
External links
Notes
1855 births
1921 deaths
People from Shiga Prefecture
People of Meiji-period Japan
Kazoku
Imperial Japanese Navy admirals
Japanese military personnel of the Russo-Japanese War
Shahla may refer to:
People
Shahla (given name)
Habib Abi Shahla
one of the most known family names in early Fayruzah
Other uses
Shahla Bagh, another name of the Shalamar Gardens, Lahore
See also
The London Process is a series of multistakeholder meetings held biennially since 2011 under the name Global Conference on Cyberspace or GCCS. In each GCCS meeting, governments, the private sector and civil society gather to discuss and promote practical cooperation in cyberspace, to enhance cyber capacity building, and to discuss norms for responsible behavior in cyberspace. The London Process was proposed by British Foreign Secretary William Hague at the 2011 Munich Security Conference.
History
First conference
The first GCCS conference was held in London on November 23rd-24th 2011, under the auspices of the British Foreign Office. The location of the first meeting inspired the name "London Process" for the series of meetings which followed. At this first meeting a set of principles “for governing behavior in cyberspace” were established through discussion amongst the 700 participants.
Second conference
The second GCCS conference was held on October 4-5th, 2012 in Budapest. The main subject and focus that has been discussed was the relationship between internet rights and internet security. Even though very few civil society organisations were invited to speak, the networking was valuable, and had longer term impact than the Chair's statement which represents the outcome of the event.
Third conference
The third event held on 17–18 October 2013 in Seoul. The conference had grown to approximately 1,600 attendees with greater representation from countries in the global south. The principle outcome of the third GCCS was the Seoul Framework for and Commitment to Open and Secure Cyberspace, which highlights the importance of universal Internet access, emphasizes that the same rights that people have offline must also be protected online, and reinforces a UN principle that international law is applicable online and is essential to maintaining peace and stability and promoting an open, secure, peaceful and accessible ICT environment.
Fourth conference
The fourth GCCS conference was held at the World Forum from 16 to 17 April 2015 in The Hague, under the auspices of the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Fifth conference
The fifth GCCS conference held from 23 to 24 November 2017 in New Delhi, India, and had 3,500 participants.
Theme of GCCS 2017 is “Cyber4All: A Secure and Inclusive Cyberspace for Sustainable Development”. However it could further be divided into following four sections:
Cyber4Growth – share ideas and insights to foster growth and development with growing importance of the cyberspace to individuals, small businesses, large companies etc.
Cyber4DigitalInclusion
–draw
road
map
for
inclusive
.
society by sharing best practices for digital identity, idea of
open and free Internet for all, digital technologies for
enabling differently abled etc.
Cyber4Security –framework for comprehensive cyber.
security protocols for organisations and nations.
Cyber4Diplomacy –explore various facets of cybersecurity
.
such
as
interstate
cooperation
for
preventing
Cyber
Warfare and Cyber Diplomacy for Global Order.
References
Web-related conferences
2011 establishments
Seven Kings is a district of Ilford in London, England, part of the borough of Redbridge. Situated approximately two miles from Ilford town centre, Seven Kings forms part of the Ilford post town. Historically part of Essex, it was part of the Municipal Borough of Ilford until 1965 when it was incorporated into Greater London.
History
The earliest recorded use of the name is as Sevekyngg or Sevekyngges in 1285, possibly meaning 'settlement of the family or followers of a man called Seofoca'.
Seven Kings has not historically formed a parish or other division; instead it was part of the ancient parish of Ilford in the Becontree hundred of the county of Essex, which formed from 1894, the Ilford Urban District (later municipal borough). Seven Kings is situated next to the ancient Roman road between London and Colchester and was rapidly developed during the 19th century following construction of the Great Eastern Main Line railway.
In 1965, the Ilford parish and municipal borough were abolished by the London Government Act 1963, and the area of Essex including Seven Kings has since formed part of Greater London.
Education
Located in the immediate area are Mayfield High School (London), Palmer Catholic Academy, Seven Kings High School and Isaac Newton Academy secondary school. Primary schools in this area include Downshall Primary School, Farnham Green Primary School, South Park Primary School, Seven Kings Primary School, Isaac Newton Academy primary school, and Eastcourt Independent School.
Transport
The area is served by Seven Kings railway station on the Great Eastern Main Line to/from Liverpool Street station. Train services are operated by the Elizabeth Line, branded as Crossrail since May 2017.
The nearest London Underground station is Newbury Park on the Central line.
Recreation
The area contains many green spaces including Seven Kings Park, a large open space containing sports facilities such as tennis courts, cricket facilities, a sports ground, and a bandstand. There is also Westwood Park, a smaller open space and playground on Meads Lane. Thomas McCurtains GAA are based in Seven Kings Park, it's free to join and offer Camogie, football (male and female teams), hurling and kids sports
Demographics
In the Seven Kings ward of the London Borough of Redbridge, the largest ethnic group in the 2011 census were Indians who comprised 25.5% of the population. The next largest groups were White British at 16.4% and Pakistanis at 13.8%.
The most popular religions were Islam and Christianity at 31.3% and 28.5% of the population respectively. This was followed by Sikhs and Hindus at 13.6% and 12.5% respectively.
References
External links
Areas of London
Districts of the London Borough of Redbridge
Ilford
Elizabeth Pipko (born June 26, 1995) is an American author, model and political operative.  They are a first generation American, whose family came from the former Soviet Union.
Modeling
Pipko was signed to Wihemina Models at age 17. They have appeared in Maxim, DT, Esquire, Contrast, and L'officiel, and in the early stages of their career they were often compared to Emily Ratajkowski, with many noting their similar appearances. In 2018, they appeared in the "Perfectly Imperfect" campaign for Vizcaya Swimwear, an anti-photoshop campaign promoting positive body image.
Pipko has said that their political work and views are what cut their career short, though they made an appearance in a spread in QP magazine in 2019. When asked what it meant to them to be modelling again, they said "This is about showing young girls that they can do anything they want to do. From modeling to politics and everything in between."
In 2021, Elizabeth Pipko was featured on the cover of Harper's Bazaar Vietnam and the cover of Contrast Magazine.
Author
Pipko published two books of poetry: Sweet Sixteen (2013, ) and About You (2018, ).
In 2020, Pipko's book Finding My Place: Making My Parents' American Dream Come True (2020, ) was released through Post Hill Press.
Political
In 2016, Pipko was employed on Donald Trump's 2016 campaign For President as a volunteer services coordinator.
In 2019, Pipko was a spokesperson for The Exodus Movement — originally named Jexodus (an apparent portmanteau of "Jewish" and "Exodus") but quickly renamed — and incorporated it as a tax exempt organization. The Exodus Movement is an initiative of Red Sea Rising superpac.
They told OK! magazine "When I got thrown into the political world, I knew the only way for me to both survive and thrive would be to create something meaningful. So I put my efforts into fighting for the Jewish people an against anti-Semitism."
On fighting injustices in our country, Pipko told Fox News, "It's very easy to find problems going on right now in our society. No one's going to deny that things are upside down. I'm fighting anti-Semitism every single day. I still get swastikas sent to my direct messages once a week. I think when supporting America, in my eyes, it's more patriotic of me to stand against those things because I know America doesn't stand for that," they said.
Personal
Pipko is a first generation American and the granddaughter of Soviet-born American artist Marc Klionsky. They were a competitive figure skater until the age of fifteen when an ankle injury took them out of the sport. Pipko is Jewish and attended Rabbi Arthur Schneier's Park East Day School. On December 26, 2018, Pipko married Darren Centinello in West Palm Beach, Florida at the Mar-a-Lago Club.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
American writers
American female models
Harvard Extension School alumni
People from Brooklyn
People from Florida
Jewish activists
Jewish female models
21st-century American women
Clatworthy "Charlie" Rennox (25 February 1897 – 1967) was a Scottish footballer. Their regular position was as a forward. They were born in Shotts. They played for Dykehead, Wishaw, Clapton Orient, Manchester United and Grimsby Town. Rennox was signed to Manchester United from March 1925 to July 1927.
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1897 births
1967 deaths
Scottish footballers
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Sportspeople from Shotts
Association football forwards
Footballers from North Lanarkshire
English Football League players
Stefan Wögerbauer (born 3 November 1959) is an Austrian racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Austrian male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Austria
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kamenskoye Urban Settlement is the name of several municipal formations in Russia:
Kamenskoye Urban Settlement, formerly a municipal formation which Kamenka Urban-Type Settlement with Jurisdictional Territory in Mezensky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast is incorporated as; in 2021 transformed to Kamenskoye Rural Settlement.
Kamenskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which Kamensk Urban-Type Settlement in Kabansky District of the Republic of Buryatia is incorporated as
Kamenskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which the settlement of Kamenka in Vichugsky District of Ivanovo Oblast is incorporated as
Kamenskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which the work settlement of Kamensky and two rural localities in Krasnoarmeysky District of Saratov Oblast are incorporated as
Kamenskoye Urban Settlement, an administrative division and a municipal formation which the urban-type settlement of Kamenka in Kamensky District of Voronezh Oblast is incorporated as
See also
Kamensky (disambiguation)
Kamenka Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which the town of district significance of Kamenka in Kamensky District of Penza Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
References
Notes
Sources
Michael Paragyios (alternate spellings: Michalis, Mihalis Paragios) (Greek: Μιχάλης Παραγιός; born August 25, 1982, in Glyfada, Athens, Greece) is a Greek former professional basketball player. At a height of 2.07m (6 ft 9 ½ in) tall, they played at the power forward and center positions.
Professional career
Paragyios began playing basketball with Aris Glyfada. During their pro career, they played with some of the following clubs: Ionikos Nikeas, Ilysiakos, Maroussi, and Panionios. They won the Greek All-Star Game Slam Dunk Contest in the year 2006. In 2014, they joined Ethnikos Piraeus.
References
External links
Euroleague.net Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
1982 births
Living people
Centers (basketball)
Greek men's basketball players
Ilysiakos B.C. players
Ionikos Nikaias B.C. players
Maroussi B.C. players
Panionios B.C. players
Power forwards (basketball)
Basketball players from Athens
Live at the London Palladium may refer to:
Music
Live at the London Palladium (Judy Garland and Liza Minnelli album), 1965
Live at the London Palladium (Marvin Gaye album), 1976
Bing Crosby Live at the London Palladium, album by Bing Crosby 1976
This House Is Not for Sale – Live from the London Palladium, album by Bon Jovi
Live at the London Palladium, album by America (band)
Live at the London Palladium, album by Jane McDonald
Live at the London Palladium, album by Paul Carrack
Live at the London Palladium, video album by Engelbert Humperdinck
Fever! Live At The London Palladium, album by Peggy Lee
Live at the London Palladium, audio album by Victor Borge
Live at the London Palladium, album by Jack Jones (American singer) 1995
Comedy
Live at the London Palladium, audio comedy album by Jackie Mason
Live at the London Palladium, video by Mike Reid (comedian)
Live at the London Palladium, video by Bruce Forsyth
Live at the London Palladium, video by Joan Rivers
Live at the London Palladium, video by Jack Dee
The Extremaduran Wikipedia () or Güiquipeya is the Extremaduran-language edition of Wikipedia, a free, online encyclopedia. It has articles and is ranked in the Wikipedia list according to the number of articles.
Controversy
Different media have criticized the Extremaduran version of Wikipedia. It is questioned that the Extremaduran is not really a separate language, but is instead a dialect of Asturian and Castilian, and that it does not have defined spelling rules. The fact that the page only has three main contributors, the same who initiated the project has also been the subject of controversy.
References
External links
Extremaduran Wikipedia
Extremaduran Wikipedia mobile
Wikipedias by language
Internet properties established in 2007
Acanthoma fissuratum is a cutaneous condition characterized by local thickening of the skin in response to pressure caused by an eyeglass frame.
See also
Seborrheic keratosis
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Epidermal nevi, neoplasms, and cysts
The 1881–82 Irish Cup was the second edition of the premier knock-out cup competition in Irish football. The competition began in January 1882 with the first round and ended on 13 May 1882 with the final. Queen's Island won the tournament for the only time in their brief history, including eliminating the holders Moyola Park in the quarter-finals.
The final was played between Queen's Island and Cliftonville and ended in a 1–0 victory to the former.
Results
First round
|}
Replays
|}
Castlederg, Cliftonville and Avoniel all advanced to the next round after Strabane did not play their replay with Castlederg.
Quarter-finals
|}
Replays
|}
A second replay was ordered between Avoniel and Distillery after protests that the match was ended four minutes early.
Second replay
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Queen's Island advanced after Castlederg failed to turn up.
Replay
|}
Second replay
|}
Final
References
External links
Northern Ireland Cup Finals. Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation (RSSSF)
Irish Cup seasons
1881–82 domestic association football cups
Hugh Sexey Church of England Middle School, formerly known as Sexey's School and Sexey's Grammar School, is a coeducational middle school located in Blackford, Somerset, England. The school had 620 pupils in June 2012, who join aged 9 in Year 5 and stay until age 13 in Year 8, after which they go to The Kings of Wessex Academy in Cheddar. Because the school educates pupils of secondary school age it has middle deemed secondary status. The school is currently rated outstanding by Ofsted and is part of the wider Wessex Learning Trust alongside seven other schools in the Cheddar Valley area.
History
The school is named after Hugh Sexey (1556–1619), a royal auditor of the Exchequer to Queen Elizabeth I and later King James I. After their death the trustees of their will established Sexey's Hospital in Bruton as an institution to care for the elderly, and Sexey's School in Bruton, which still exists today.
Sexey's School in Blackford was originally opened in 1897 in a barn in nearby Stoughton, with 13 pupils. The Blackford site opened in 1899 with around 60 pupils, of which around 20 were boarders. It became Sexey's Grammar School in 1948, and ceased to be a boarding school in 1966. The 1976 Education Act abolished the tripartite education system of grammar and secondary modern schools in England and Wales. Up to this point, the area was served by Sexey's Grammar School in Blackford, and The Kings of Wessex School (a secondary modern school) in nearby Cheddar. In 1976, the three-tier Cheddar Valley Community Learning Partnership was established, creating a system of first, middle and comprehensive upper schools in the area. The Kings of Wessex School became a comprehensive, Sexey's Grammar School became Hugh Sexey Middle School serving half of the Cheddar Valley, and Fairlands Middle School was established to serve the other half.
In September 2010, Hugh Sexey was one of the first two middle schools in England to be awarded specialist Technology College status.
Previously a voluntary controlled school administered by Somerset County Council, in November 2016 Hugh Sexey Church of England Middle School converted to academy status. The school is now sponsored by the Wessex Learning Trust.
Notable former pupils
Jos Buttler (born 1990), current England cricket team wicket-keeper
Sophie Luff (born 1993), cricketer
Sexey's Grammar School
Chris Phillips (1956–2007), former chief executive of Scottish Widows
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1897
Middle schools in Somerset
Church of England secondary schools in the Diocese of Bath and Wells
1897 establishments in England
Academies in Somerset
People educated at Sexey's Grammar School
Sir George Grobham Howe, 1st Baronet (c. 1627 – 26 September 1676) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1676.
Howe was the son of George Howe (d. 1647) of Berwick St Leonard, Wiltshire and their wife Dorothy Clarke, daughter of Humphrey Clerke of Woodchurch, Kent. They were admitted to Lincoln's Inn on 19 April 1646.
In April 1660 Howe was elected Member of Parliament for Hindon and held the seat until their death in 1676. They were created baronet on 20 June 1660.
Howe died in 1676 and was buried at Berwick St Leonard.
They married Elizabeth Grimston, daughter of Sir Harbottle Grimston, 2nd Baronet and their wife Mary Croke. Their son James succeeded to the baronetcy and was also MP for Hindon.
References
1620s births
1676 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1661–1679
Members of Lincoln's Inn
Epeli is a Fijian male given name. Notable people with this name include:
Epeli Baleibau (born 1972), Fijian athlete
Epeli Ganilau (born 1951), Fijian military officer and politician
Epeli Hauʻofa (1939–2009), Tongan and Fijian writer and anthropologist
Epeli Kanakana (died 2010), Fijian chief
Epeli Lairoti (born 1995), Fijian football player
Epeli Loaniceva (born 1992), Fijian football player
Epeli Nailatikau (born 1941), Fijian chief
Epeli Nailatikau I (1842–1901), Fijian Paramount Chief
Epeli Naituivau (born 1962), Fijian rugby union player
Epeli Niudamu, Fijian Chief, soldier, and political leader
Epeli Qaraninamu Nailatikau (born 1942), Fijian medical doctor and political leader
Epeli Rabua Rabua (born 1998), Fijian swimmer
Epeli Rakai Rakai (born 1961), Fijian rugby union player
Epeli Ruivadra Ruivadra (born 1977), Fijian rugby union player
Epeli Saukuru (born 1988), Fijian football player
The women's marathon event at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Guangzhou Triathlon Venue, Guangzhou on 27 November.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
Legend
DNF — Did not finish
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
2010 Asian Games
Asian
2010 Asian Games
Gary Milburn Tobian (born August 14, 1935) is a retired American diver. They competed in the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics and won a gold or silver medal in all their events: a gold in the 3 m springboard in 1960 and two silvers in the 10 m platform. Tobian held six Association of American Universities (AAU) titles in the platform, and won the springboard at the 1958 AAU Championships and at the 1959 Pan American Games. In 1978 they were inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
Tobian was a successful business person. They were married to the Olympic swimmer Marley Shriver, but they later divorced.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
1935 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Detroit
American male divers
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in diving
Divers at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Divers at the 1955 Pan American Games
Divers at the 1959 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in diving
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in diving
Medalists at the 1955 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1959 Pan American Games
Rudy Poat is a creative director and designer.  They are known for their work on The Matrix franchise working in special effects. Before working on The Matrix, Poat also worked on special effects for What Dreams May Come (film) that helped lead the companies Mass Illusion and Manex to several Academy Awards.
Early life and education
Poat was born in Salisbury Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe and was raised in the Netherlands. Poat attended Syracuse University.
Career
After The Matrix, Poat joined Giant Studios, a start up company at the time, as a Creative Director and worked to position the company in virtual production. Poat was the technical director of FIFA (video game series) games at Electronic Arts. They have incubated various new IP game title and prototypes.
Poat then served as Microsoft's Creative Director of Xbox incubation. They were instrumental in the formation of Analog Labs, where they helped to develop HoloLens. Poat developed the technology around SmartGlass and also worked with innovative ideas centered around genetic living search algorithms. At Microsoft Poat then went on to work on Bing to innovate ideas around smart search and machine learning.
Poat and John Gaeta worked as partners since The Matrix, returning to real time cinema. The duo experimented by inserting the first ever, real time rendered and composed, full resolution/2k content to a movie in Trapped Ashes.
Poat currently serves as Creative Director at Amazon (company). They run the company's nimble production lab for prototyping software and also hardware ideas.
Poat is the co-founder, producer and executive director of 300FISH, a mobile phone game company.
Poat is a speaker at various conferences including virtual reality, special effects and innovation and holds several patents in interactive storytelling.
Personal
Poat lives in San Francisco.
References
External links
Living people
Syracuse University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brian Graham (born April 9, 1960 in San Diego, California) is a former minor league baseball player, coach and manager and major league coach for the Cleveland Indians.  They are the former director of player development for the Baltimore Orioles.  They are not currently employed in any capacity in professional baseball and is assumed to have entered a forced early retirement.
College
Graham attended the University of California, Los Angeles where they played both baseball and football. When they finished their collegiate career, Graham held school records for hits, stolen bases, and runs. In football, Graham was a member of the 1978 Fiesta Bowl team. In 1996, they were inducted into the school's Baseball Hall of Fame. Brian received a bachelor's in behavioral sciences from National University in 1987.
Minor league career
In 1982, Graham was chosen in the fourth round of the 1982 draft by the Oakland Athletics, and they played in the
minor league systems of Oakland, the Milwaukee Brewers, the Detroit Tigers, and the Cleveland Indians over the next five years as a second baseman.
Coaching/managing
In nine seasons as a minor league manager in the Cleveland Indians organization, Graham's teams finished above .500 each year, compiling a 704-491 (.589) record. Graham managed eight consecutive playoff teams. They were named the Carolina League's Manager of the Year in 1991 while leading the Kinston Indians to a championship, the “Best Managerial Prospect” by Eastern League managers and Baseball America in 1993 and Minor League Manager of the Year by USA Today's Baseball Weekly in 1996 while with the Buffalo Bisons (winning a championship in 1997). Graham has also managed in the Dominican Republic Winter League for Aguilas (1991) and has also coached and managed in the Arizona Fall League (1993–94).
Graham was a major league coach with the Cleveland Indians in 1998 and 1999 and with the Baltimore Orioles in 2000. Graham spent the 2001 season as the Field Coordinator for the Florida Marlins.
Major league executive
Graham was signed to the Pirates on December 3, 2001 and eventually rose to be the senior director for player development. In that position, they coordinated instruction and oversaw the signing of free agents, staffing, budgets, player movement, affiliate relationships and the Latin American field operations. In addition, they installed and implemented a system of individual player plans which provided instruction and resources to insure the individual development of every Pirate player. Under Graham, the Pirates minor league teams finished with a combined winning percentage above .500 in four of their five seasons. In 2002, the Pirates were honored as the Topps' Baseball “Organization of the Year.”
On September 7, 2007, they were appointed interim General Manager of the Pirates after the dismissal of Dave Littlefield. On October 5, 2007, they were fired along with manager Jim Tracy, scouting director Ed Creech, and director of baseball operations Jon Mercurio.
Graham was named the special assignment coach for the minor leagues for the Baltimore Orioles on October 30, 2007. Graham was named Director of Player Development for the Baltimore Orioles in 2013.
In early October 2018, Graham was named as the Interim General Manager in the wake of the firings of Dan Duquette and Buck Showalter. On November 30, permanent General Manager Mike Elias informed Graham that they would not be retained for the 2019 season.
Personal life
Brian Graham resides in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania, with their wife Karen and three
children, Jack, Kelsey, and Kendall.
References
External links
Official Bio
Article
1960 births
Living people
Baseball players from California
Medford A's players
Madison Muskies players
Modesto A's players
Albany-Colonie A's players
Huntsville Stars players
Glen Falls Tigers players
Waterbury Indians players
El Paso Diablos players
Minor league baseball managers
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) managers
Major League Baseball general managers
Major League Baseball executives
Pittsburgh Pirates executives
Cleveland Indians coaches
Baltimore Orioles coaches
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Uramoto was born in Oita Prefecture on November 13, 1982. After graduating from high school, they joined J2 League club Oita Trinita based in their local in 2001. On October 9, 2002, they debuted as substitute midfielder against Shonan Bellmare. They played 4 matches as substitute midfielder in 2002 season. Trinita also won the champions and was promoted to J1 League. In J1, they played as substitute midfielder from the 89th minute against Sanfrecce Hiroshima on April 8, 2004. However they could only play this match in 2004 season and retired end of 2004 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Ōita Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Oita Trinita players
Association football midfielders
The evolution of classical guitars began with the influences of the vihuela and gittern in the sixteenth century and ended with the modern classical guitar in the mid nineteenth century.
Precursors to the classic guitar
Renaissance stringed instruments
While the precise lineage of the instrument is still unclear, historians believe that the guitar is the descendant of the Greek kithara, gittern, lyre, European and Middle Eastern lutes, and the Spanish vihuela. The poem The Book of Good Love [circa 1330] describes two early instruments, guitarra morisca and guitarra latina.
Then came out, with a strident sound, the two-stringed Moor's gittern,
High-pitched as to its range, as to its tone both harsh and bold;
Big-bellied lute which marks the time for merry, rustic dance,
And Spanish guitar which with the rest was herded in the fold
Instruments called "guitars" were first mentioned in literature in the 13th century, though many of these medieval records describe instruments that in modern times are classified as gitterns.
The first incarnation of what is now called the guitar first appeared during the Renaissance. The Renaissance guitar contained four pairs of strings called courses. The Renaissance guitar shared most similarities with the Spanish vihuela, a six-coursed instrument with similar tuning and construction. Juan Bermudo in 1555 published Declaración de Instrumentos Musicales, a treatise containing a section on plucked string instruments. This publication examined the relationship between the guitar and vihuela, and also differentiated between four- and five-course guitars. The five-course guitar did not phase out the four-course instrument until the Baroque period.
One of the first major methods published for five-course guitar is Joan Carles Amat's Guitarra Española y Vandola en Dos Maneras de Guitarra, Castellana y Cathalana de Cinco Ordenes, published in 1596.
The vihuela became popular in Spain and Italy and remained common until the late 16th century. This instrument appears to have had a strong influence in the design and tuning of the early five-course guitars that first appeared in Spain in the middle of the sixteenth century. These five-course guitarras replaced the four-course Renaissance instruments, particularly in Spain. The guitarra set the modern standard tuning – A, D, G, B, E – for the top five strings that continues to this day. The number of frets on the guitar was increased from eight to ten and eventually to twelve. Later, it was in Italy that a sixth course became commonplace and this was an easily done by replacing or reworking the nut and bridge to plug in another tuning peg hole for the sixth string. An ornate guitar made by a Joakim Thielke (1641–1719) of Germany was altered in this way and became a success.
From the mid-18th century through the early 19th century, the guitar evolved into a six-string instrument, phasing out courses by preference to single strings. These six-string guitars were still smaller than the modern classical guitar.
Romantic guitar
Modern classical guitar
The design of the modern classical guitar can be attributed to Antonio de Torres. The construction of these guitars has been considered the standard in "traditional" instruments since the mid 19th century.
Contemporary classical guitars follow the Smallman design which replaces the fan braces with a much lighter balsa brace attached to the back of the sound board with carbon fiber. The balsa brace has a honeycomb pattern and allows the (now much thinner) sound board to support more vibrational modes. This leads to greater volume and longer sustain.
References
Bibliography
Wade, Graham, Traditions of the Classical bris, London : Calder, 1980.
Antoni Pizà: Francesc Guerau i el seu temps (Palma de Mallorca: Govern de les Illes Balears, Conselleria d'Educació i Cultura, Direcció General de Cultura, Institut d'Estudis Baleàrics, 2000)
External links
The guitar in Europe: four centuries of masterpieces by Sinier de Ridder
Thematic essay: The guitar Jayson Kerr Dobney, Wendy Powers (The Metropolitan Museum of Art)
Classical Guitar Illustrated History by François Faucher on Classicalguitarmidi.com.
Classical Guitar Museum (UK)
Guitarlisty's History of the Guitar
Guitarra Española y Vandola en Dos Maneras de Guitarra, Castellana y Cathalana de Cinco Ordenes (Joan Carles Amat)
Acoustic guitars
Classical guitar
KMK may refer to
Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam, a political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu
Kottonmouth Kings, an American rap rock band
Kultusministerkonferenz, a German state conference
Makabana Airport, in the Republic of the Congo, which has that IATA airport code
The Saddest Boy in the World is a Canadian short black comedy film, directed by Jamie Travis and released in 2006. The film stars Benjamin Smith as Timothy Higgins, a lonely and unhappy young boy who plans to commit suicide by hanging themselves on their birthday.
It was the second film in their Saddest Children in the World trilogy, following Why the Anderson Children Didn't Come to Dinner and preceding The Armoire.
The film had its theatrical premiere at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival. It was later screened at the 2007 Inside Out Film and Video Festival, where it was cowinner with Michèle Pearson Clarke's Black Men and Me of the award for Best Canadian Short Film.
References
External links
2009 films
Canadian black comedy films
Canadian LGBT-related films
LGBT-related short films
LGBT-related black comedy films
LGBT-related comedy films
2006 LGBT-related films
2006 films
Films directed by Jamie Travis
2000s English-language films
Canadian drama short films
Canadian comedy short films
2000s Canadian films
Lugbara, or Lugbarati, is the language of the Lugbara people. It is spoken in the West Nile region in northwestern Uganda, as well as the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Orientale Province.
Classification and dialects
The Aringa language, also known as Low Lugbara, is closely related, and sometimes considered a dialect of Lugbara. If fact, among the Lugbara of Uganda, it is one of the five clans (Ayivu clan, Vurra clan, Terego clan, Maracha clan, and Aringa clan). Some scholars classify the Lugbara language itself as a dialect of the Ma'di language, though this is not generally accepted. An SIL survey report concluded that the Okollo, Ogoko, and Rigbo dialects, called "Southern Ma'di", should be classified as dialects of Lugbara.
Phonology
Vowels
/ɛ, ɔ/ can also be heard as [e, o] as a result of vowel harmony.
/a/ can have an allophone of [ʌ] when after sounds /k, ɡ/.
Consonants
/l/ can be heard as a lateral flap [ɺ] within dialectal variation.
/t͡s, d͡z/ are heard as [t͡ʃ, d͡ʒ] within dialectal variation.
/tʳ, dʳ/ can also be heard as retroflex [ʈɽ, ɖɽ] within free variation.
/ʔj/ can also be heard as an implosive [ʄ] and /ⁿz/ can be heard as [ⁿd͡z], within free variation.
A labial affricate [p͡f] may occur within dialectal variation, [ŋ] only rarely occurs among different dialects.
Orthography
Lugbara was first written by Christian missionaries in 1918, based on the Ayivu dialect. In 2000, a conference was held in the city of Arua in northwestern Uganda regarding the creation of a standardised international orthography for Lugbara.
In education
In 1992, the Government of Uganda designated it as one of five "languages of wider communication" to be used as the medium of instruction in primary education; however, unlike the other four such languages, it was never actually used in schools. More recently it was included in the curriculum for some secondary schools in the West Nile region, including St. Joseph's College Ombaci and Muni Girls Secondary School, both in Arua District.
Pronunciation guide
Lugbara phrases are spoken in several dialects (clan-wise) but the Muni (Ayivu) version, from which many of the explanations below are based, is the one approved for teaching in schools. The language has diphthong clusters and other noteworthy phonetics including the following:
aa as in bat, for example
c as in church, for example (which is also spelt Chandiru)
dj as in jilt, for example , the ‘d' is silent
ee as in emblem, for example
gb as in bend, for example gbe, the ‘g' is silent. Gb in Lugbara does not have an equivalent in English.What stands out in these Sudanic languages is the special manner in which 'kp, gb, 'd, 'b, 'y, 'w are pronounced.
i as in inn, for example di-i
oa as in oar, for example
oo as in old, for example , less often oo as in food, for example ‘doo
uu as in chew, for example cuu
z as in jean after n, for example onzi. Otherwise, most times remain z as in zebra, for example Ozu and when the first letter of a word.
Vocabulary
The Lugbara alphabet has 28 letters minus ‘q' and ‘x' (Alamakanda in Aringa language), which means 24 like in English and four unique ones namely: ‘b like in ‘bua, ‘d like in ‘dia, ‘w like in ‘wara and ‘y like in ‘. Letters are pronounced as follows: Ah, Ba, Cha, Da, Eh, Fa, Ga, Ha, Ie, Ja, Ka, La, Ma, Na, Oh, Pa, Ra, Sa, Ta, Uuw, Va, Wa, Ya, and Za.
Some words are borrowed from other languages, for example safari (journey) from Swahili, buku (book) from English, and kandi (ball) from Lingala. Also in the vocabulary, there are several words that have varied meanings when pronounced differently, for instance oli can mean air, wind (also oliriko), whistle, cut or roll.
Numbers
Greetings and other phrases
Relationships
Grandfather (a'bi,a'bipi)
Grandmother (dede, e'di,e'dapi)
Grandson (mvia)
Granddaughter (zia)
Father (ati, ata)
Mother (andri, andre, ayia)
Husband (agupi)
Wife (oku)
Son (agupiamva, mvi)
Daughter (zamva, zi)
Brother ()
Sister ()
Uncles (atapuru (singular -paternal) atapuruka (plural - paternal), [maternal - (singular), maternal (plural) - ]
Aunts ( - plural: paternal and in some cases maternal), (: singular), - (singular: maternal aunt), - (plural: maternal aunts)
Cousin ()
Cousin brother (); also
Cousin sister (); also
NB: Strictly speaking, the word cousin is alien in Lugbara culture. Cousins are brothers and sisters.
Nephews (adro anzi) - maternal nephews
Nieces (adro ezoanzi, ezaapi) - maternal nieces
Father-in-law (anya)
Mother-in-law (edra)
Brother-in-law (otuo)
Sister-in-law (onyere)
Days of the week
1 week (Sabatu alu, sabiti alu)
A day is called O'du in Lugbara.
Sunday ()
Monday (O'du alu)
Tuesday (O'du iri)
Wednesday (O'du na)
Thursday (O'du su)
Friday (O'du towi)
Saturday (O'du azia)
Calendar
The simplest way to refer to months (Mba in Lugbara) is to use numbers, for example January is Mba Alu, February is Mba Iri, May is Mba Towi and so on. But below is the other Latinized (and seasonal) way of mentioning them.
Januari (Oco ‘dupa sere)
Feburili (Kulini)
Marici (Zengulu)
Aprili (Ayi – Wet season)
Mayi (Mayi)
Juni (Emveki)
Julayi (Irri)
Agoslo (Iripaku)
Sebitemba (Lokopere)
Okitoba (Abibi)
Novemba (Waa)
Desemba (Anyu fi kuma)
Common signs
Colours
Eka (Ika by Terego) (red)
(white)
(very pure white)
Ini (black)
Inibiricici, inicici, inikukuru (very dark)
Emvesi-enisi (black and white)
Foro [foro] (gray)
Foroto (grayish)
Food
Learning more
To study Lugbara, you might need a language teacher or guide but knowing the pronunciation basics and vocabulary preferably from a dictionary can give you a very good start. Practice by talking to natives physically or online and listening to Lugbara music.
See also
Agofe
Districts of Uganda
Lugbara music
Lugbara proverbs
References
Further reading
Lugbara
Moru-Madi languages
Languages of Uganda
Languages of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
KERV (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Kerrville, Texas, United States, and serving the Kerrville-Fredericksburg area. The station is currently owned by Jam Broadcasting, LLC.
References
Translators
KERV broadcasts on the following translator:
External links
ERV
Radio stations established in 1982
1982 establishments in Texas
Vinicius Magalhães may refer to:
Vinny Magalhães, Vinny "Pezao" Magalhães, Brazilian Light Heavyweight mixed martial artist that competed on "The Ultimate Fighter" Season 8
Vinicius Magalhães (Draculino), Vinicius "Draculino" Magalhães, Brazilian Featherweight mixed martial artist and jiu-jitsu instructor
Justin Currie (born September 19, 1993) is an American football safety and linebacker who is currently a free agent. They played college football at Western Michigan and was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2015.
Professional career
New York Giants
On May 7, 2015, Currie was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent. They fractured their ankle in a preseason game against the Jaguars and spent their entire rookie year on injured reserve.
On September 3, 2016, Currie was released by the Giants.
Cleveland Browns
On December 7, 2016, Currie was signed to the Cleveland Browns' practice squad. They signed a reserve/future contract with the Browns on January 2, 2017.
On August 23, 2017, Currie was waived/injured by the Browns after suffering an ankle injury in the team's second preseason game. They were re-signed by the Browns on November 21, 2017. They were waived on November 30, 2017 and was re-signed to the practice squad. They were promoted to the active roster on December 8, 2017.
On August 31, 2018, Currie was waived/injured by the Browns and was placed on injured reserve. They were released on September 11, 2018.
Seattle Seahawks
On October 23, 2018, Currie was signed to the Seattle Seahawks practice squad. They signed a reserve/future contract on January 7, 2019. They were waived/injured on August 31, 2019 and placed on injured reserve. They were waived from injured reserve on September 30.
References
External links
Western Michigan Broncos bio
Living people
1993 births
American football defensive backs
Cleveland Browns players
New York Giants players
People from Big Rapids, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
Seattle Seahawks players
Sportspeople from Royal Oak, Michigan
Western Michigan Broncos football players
All Boy Scouts of America units are owned and operated by chartered organizations. Of the units (Boy Scout troops, Cub Scout packs and Venturing crews)
and youth members in 2010:
65% of all youth members are chartered to faith-based organizations
23.5% of all youth members are chartered to civic organizations
11.5% of all youth members are chartered to educational organizations
Each unit is chartered by a local branch of an organization, not at the national level. The following tables combine all chartering organizations that fall into a religious denomination or national organization.
The following table lists chartered organizations (originally divided into faith-based groups, civic groups, then educational groups) by number of registered youth:
This table gives more information about which type of units are sponsored by which Chartered Organizations, but is more out of date than total units/total youth table:
References
Boy Scouts of America
Scouting-related lists
Neopycnodonte is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs belonging to the family Gryphaeidae.
This genus is very well represented in the fossil record, however the number of living species is very few. Fossil specimens of Neopycnodonte species possibly dating as old as about 60 million years (Paleocene). Extant species have been recorded as fossils from the Miocene to the Quaternary (from 20.43 to 0.012 Ma).
Description
This genus includes deep-sea giant oysters with shells measuring up to 30 cm. The shells are usually brittle, inequivalve, with a left convex valve cemented to a substrate, while the right non-cemented one is flat or slightly concave. These bivalves can live for several centuries.
Distribution and habitat
While about 25 million years these mollusks formed large colonies near the coast, for unknown reasons they migrated to deeper waters. They usually live in the Mediterranean canyons or along the continental margins at depths of 350 m to 750 m.
Species
Species within the genus Neopycnodonte include:
Neopycnodonte cochlear (Poli, 1795)
†Neopycnodonta navicularis Brocchi 1814
Neopycnodonte zibrowii Gofas, Salas & Taviani, 2009
References
Gryphaeidae
Extant Miocene first appearances
Bivalve genera
Thom Calandra (born June 8, 1956, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American journalist, stock investor, and the former editor-in-chief and chief commentator for CBS MarketWatch from 1996 to January 2004, until their investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Calandra writes for a number of other publications including the revived The Calandra Report.
Early life and career
Calandra studied English and journalism at the University of Arizona and English literature from City University of New York at Brooklyn College.
Calandra was a financial columnist for The San Francisco Examiner and a London-based editor and columnist for Bloomberg News in Europe. They were also the online financial editor of USAToday.com, and has contributed to a number of other publications.
In 1996, they co-founded MarketWatch, formerly known as DBC News, and served as the founding editor-in-chief. They moved to London in April 2000 and began a joint venture with the Financial Times called FTMarketWatch. In 2001 the venture folded into the Financial Times and they returned to San Francisco to serve as the chief commentator for CBS MarketWatch. In March 2003 they started the newsletter 'The Calandra Report' that would focus mostly on their own stock recommendations.
MarketWatch resignation and SEC investigation
In January 2004, Calandra resigned from MarketWatch and was subject to an informal regulatory inquiry. On January 10, 2005, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed a case against them in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The case involved civil fraud charges citing an illegal trading scheme, a "buy-write-sell" pattern involving 23 different stocks, and was also settled at the time of filing. Calandra paid US$416,109.58 in disgorgement of illegal trading profits and a civil penalty of US$125,000. Calandra's settlement with the SEC did not include an admission or denial of the allegations and agreed to a "permanent injunction from further violations of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws". In a 2011 interview with Karen Roche of The Gold Report, Calandra apologized for their actions stating it was "no excuse for a trained journalist" and " I acknowledge my errors from back then".
Post MarketWatch career
In 2008, Stockhouse announced the launch of 'Ticker Trax By Thom Calandra' in a press release. Calandra stated they write for BabyBulls.com and Beforeitsnews.com as well as a principal at Torrey Hills Capital. On August 11, 2012, Calandra announced the resumption of The Calandra Report via Twitter.
References
External links
thomcalandra.com
Living people
American columnists
American economics writers
American finance and investment writers
American business and financial journalists
American male journalists
1956 births
People from Tiburon, California
Brooklyn College alumni
Billie Jean King defeated Rosalyn Fairbank in the final 6–2, 6–1 to win the inaugural Edgbaston Cup.
Seeds
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Tracy Austin (third round, retired)
Sylvia Hanika (second round)
Barbara Potter (second round)
Billie Jean King (Champion)
Sue Barker (third round)
Kathy Jordan (third round)
Betsy Nagelsen (semifinals)
Ann Kiyomura (semifinals)
Leslie Allen (quarterfinals)
Jo Durie (quarterfinals)
Yvonne Vermaak (third round)
Wendy White (second round)
Sharon Walsh (first round)
Evonne Cawley (first round)
Qualifying
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
1982 Edgbaston Cup draws
ITF tournament edition details
ITF singles results page
Edgbaston Cup - Singles
Singles
Wayne Wong (born October 17, 1950) is a Canadian pioneer of freestyle skiing, and an inductee into both the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame and the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame.
Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Wong is considered one of the most influential skiers of the 20th century, according to both SKI and Powder magazines.  They are the inventor of the famous "Wong Banger" and starred in countless skiing movies.
Wong is also the person credited with introducing future Tour de France champion Greg LeMond to the sport of cycling in 1975.
Professional accomplishments
1971: 3rd place in the inaugural National Championships of Exhibition Skiing
1972: Skiing magazine Freestyle Skier Of The Year
1972: Achieved a Level 4 Certification with the Canadian Ski Instructors Alliance
1972–76: Member of the K2 and Salomon Freestyle Ski Teams
1973: Europa Cup Freestyle Champion
1973: Featured in a national TV ad for Pepsi Cola
1974: Rocky Mountain Freestyle Skiing Champion
1975: Member of the Canadian Ski Instructors Alliance Interski Team
1975: Japan International Freestyle Skiing Championships
1984; 1986; 1987: World Powder 8 Champion
1999: Recognized in Skiing Magazine's 50th Anniversary Issue as one of the 25 Most Influential Skiers Of All time
2000: Voted by Ski Magazine as one of the Top 100 Skiers Of All Time
2002: Olympic Torch Bearer for the 2002 Olympic Games
2004: Receive the Guardian Angel Award for their dedication to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation
2006: Named in Powder Magazine's 35th Anniversary Issue as one of the Top 48 Greatest Skiers Of Our Time
2008: Received the Frances Williams Preston Award for their dedication to the Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Research Center
2008: Appeared in Fred Ashman's Imax movie, "Proud American"
2009: Inducted into the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Canadian male freestyle skiers
Skiers from Vancouver
Shirley "Shirl" Jennings (1940 – October 26, 2003) was one of only a few people in the world to regain their sight after lifelong blindness and was the inspiration for the character of Virgil Adamson in the movie At First Sight (1999) starring Val Kilmer and Mira Sorvino.
Early life
Born in Bedford County, Virginia in 1940, at age 3 Shirl became dangerously ill with three illnesses at once: meningitis, polio, and cat scratch fever. "His sickness plunged them into a coma, from which they emerged after two weeks with paralyzed legs and damaged eyesight. When they were 7 or 8, Jennings was diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa, a progressive, untreatable disease of the retina that causes blindness. By the time they were 10, they could distinguish only light from dark. They attended the Virginia School for the Deaf and the Blind and later the YMCA School of Swedish Massage."
Treatment and return of sight
In 1991, at the urging of their then-girlfriend, Barbara, Shirl visited ophthalmologist Dr. Trevor Woodhams to investigate opportunities to restore their sight. Woodhams suggested surgery to remove their dense cataracts and to determine the true underlying condition of their retinas. Woodhams believed that the removal of the cataracts would return some of Shirl's vision.
The surgery did restore some of Shirl Jennings' vision. However, they were overwhelmed with visual sensory data and was unable to connect what they were seeing with their visual memory, which had all but disappeared. The family contacted Dr. Oliver Sacks, a famous neurologist known for their book Awakenings, who, along with other physicians, concluded that Shirl would need to relearn how to identify objects that they could feel and smell by using their visual cues. Shirl's extraordinary journey was featured in a 1995 article in The New Yorker magazine, "To See and Not See", by Dr. Sacks, and reproduced in Sacks' book An Anthropologist on Mars.
Re-loss of sight
In February 1992, Jennings contracted pneumonia, which led to respiratory failure that deprived their brain of oxygen. After recovering, while they could still see some colors and movement, their sight virtually vanished.
Personal life
Shirl reconnected with their future wife Barbara in 1988 after learning that Barbara, a woman they had dated 20 years earlier, had since divorced and moved back into the Atlanta, Georgia area. They were married in 1991.
In 1996, Jennings began taking painting lessons and became a painter. Their first solo art show was held in 2002 at the Center Street Arts Gallery in Conyers, Georgia.
Film
Shirl and Barbara Jennings became the inspiration for the characters of Virgil Adamson and Amy Benic in the movie At First Sight (1999) starring Val Kilmer and Mira Sorvino. Val Kilmer spent time with Shirl Jennings in preparation for portraying them in the film.
Death
Shirl Jennings died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in 2003 at the age of 63.
References
External links
, excerpted in The New Yorker, 1993
1940 births
2003 deaths
American romantic drama films
Blind people from the United States
"Run Silent" (also known as "Run Silent, Run Deep") is a song by British-based pop act Shakespears Sister, released as the fourth single from their debut studio album Sacred Heart by FFRR Records. The single mix features Marcella Detroit more prominently than on the album version. The single failed to reach the success of "You're History", peaking at number 54 on the UK Singles Chart, and number 47 in Australia.
Reception
The Record Mirror said, "For all those who thought that as soon as Siobhan left the Bananas she'd make a right fist of things, she's doing a bloody good job of proving them wrong. Another mature pop song. Aromas of Kate Bush and the Dream Academy's "Life in a Northern Town" waft in and out as the stately pace builds to a rousing crescendo."
Track listing
7" / 3" CD single
"Run Silent" — 3:41
"Mr. Wrong" — 3:56
CD single
"Run Silent" — 3:44
"Mr. Wrong" — 3:57
"Run Silent" (The Run Deep Mix) — 6:10
Cassette single
"Run Silent" (The Run Deep Mix) — 6:10
"Mr. Wrong" — 3:57
"Run Silent" — 3:44
12" single
"Run Silent" (The Run Deep Mix) — 6:12
"Run Silent" — 3:41
"Mr. Wrong" — 3:56
12" Revolution Remix single
"Run Silent" (Revolution Remix)
"Run Silent" (Revolution Dub)
"Mr. Wrong"
Charts
References
1989 singles
Shakespears Sister songs
Songs written by Siobhan Fahey
Songs written by Marcella Detroit
Songs written by Richard Feldman (songwriter)
1989 songs
Canadian Electric Vehicles Ltd. was first established in 1996 in Errington, British Columbia. During the initial years, its focus was to provide designs, parts and technical support for converting conventional internal combustion vehicles to non-polluting battery powered electric vehicles. Once converted, these vehicles were acquired by a variety of purchasers including federal and provincial governments, industrial companies as well as private individuals. The conversions ranged from three wheeled utility vehicles to houseboats as well as various full-sized cars and trucks.
History
Canadian Electric Vehicles (CEV) has been designing and manufacturing electric vehicles and electric vehicle components for over 20 years. Vehicles in service range in size from three ton aircraft refueling and LAV trucks to the Might-E Tug, an electric towing unit which tows a variety of carts and equipment weighing up to 10,000 pounds. The primary CEV product is the Might-E Truck, a custom heavy-duty electric utility vehicle used by universities, government, parks, municipalities and private companies.
In 2000 Canadian Electric Vehicles was approached by Los Angeles airport to design and build an electric powered aircraft refueling truck. Over 70 of these three ton trucks have been converted and are in use at airports in North America, Europe, Middle East and Australia. Randy Holmquist, with their staff of technicians and engineers continues to offer contract research and development services for the design and prototyping of electric vehicles for various industrial applications.
Products and Services
Canadian Electric Vehicles is best known for the fully electric Might-E Truck, which they have been producing for over 15 years. The truck features regenerative brakes, power steering, hydraulic lifts, and direct motor-to-differential drivetrains.
The Might-E Tug is another fully electric product developed and manufactured by Canadian Electric Vehicles. This three-wheeled tug employs a direct motor to differential drive train powered by a 24-volt, 70-amp four quadrant controllers. It is designed to alleviate the user from pulling heavy loads by being able to pull weights up to 2000 lbs.
The firm has also engaged in a number of other projects including:
Electric Touring Carriage Drive System for New York's Central Park
Portable Industrial Air Compressors
Three-Wheeled Electric Police Patrol Vehicles
On-site 5 Ton Dump Truck Drive System for use in New Zealand's Forestry Industry
Rubber-Tracked Platform for use in Construction Projects in Japan
Electric Bobcat for Commercial Greenhouses
Prototype Consulting for Various Mining Vehicles
Since its inception, Canadian Electric Vehicles has been designing and producing conversion "kits" for the mechanically inclined hobbyist. These kits come in a variety of vehicles ranging from the Ford Ranger to a Volkswagen Beetle.
References
External links
Canadian Electric Vehicles Website
Might-E Truck Webpage
Might-E Tug Webpage
Electric vehicle manufacturers of Canada
Manufacturing companies based in British Columbia
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1996
1996 establishments in British Columbia
Regional District of Nanaimo
Canadian companies established in 1996
All Hail the Silence is an electronic music duo comprising American electronic musician BT and English singer-songwriter Christian Burns. The band was informally announced on March 8, 2012, but live shows and project announcements did not commence until the second half of 2014.
All Hail the Silence and its album are notable in that they were created using analog synthesizers without the aid of a computer.
History
In 2012, Transeau contacted Burns, who collaborated with them on albums such as the These Hopeful Machines (2010) and A Song Across Wires (2013), asking about forming a band, which Burns accepted. Before the band's informal announcement, they recorded 17 songs in the basement of a synthesizer store called AnalogLand in Baltimore, without the use of a computer. Transeau said that the record was inspired by the teen angst of listening to synthpop bands from the 1980s and 1990s such as Depeche Mode, Yaz, The Human League, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and The Blue Nile. They described it as "synth wave".
One of the songs, "Looking Glass", was available for download as a "Tweet for a Track" song from Twitter and Facebook.
A first album was expected for release in the second half of 2012, but it was postponed so that both artists could finish their remaining solo projects.
In October 2013, it was announced that musician Vince Clarke would work with them on their album. On July 21, 2014, Transeau and Burns announced that their band would be touring with Erasure in fall 2014 for the album The Violet Flame.
On August 24, 2016, the duo announced that it would release a four-track limited edition colored 12" vinyl collectible extended play with Shopify on September 19, 2016, and the four songs were released on iTunes on December 16, 2016, with more songs to be released later.
On December 24, 2016, the duo released the song "All Hail the Silent Night" for free to celebrate Christmas.
On September 28, 2018, the duo released its first official single, "Diamonds in the Snow", with an accompanying music video. Billboard reported that the band's album, Daggers, would be released on January 18, 2019.
Members
BT (Brian Transeau) – synthesizers, drum machines
Christian Burns – vocals
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Musical groups established in 2012
Electro house musicians
Electronic music duos
Electronic music supergroups
Synthpop groups
Male musical duos
George Brooks (born 1956) is an American saxophonist known for combining jazz and Indian classical music.  They are the founder of the jazz fusion groups Summit, Aspada, Bombay Jazz, the Raga Bop Trio, and Elements.
Brooks was introduced to the world of Indian classical music by Kirana vocal guru, Pandit Pran Nath, whose music has influenced the works of Terry Riley and La Monte Young. Brooks is a long time associate of Terry Riley. They have performed with Riley in the US, Canada, Asia, and Europe as a duo, in trio settings with sitarist Krishna Bhatt and percussionist Talvin Singh, and as a founding member of Riley's Khayal Ensemble. Brooks appears as a soloist on Riley's June Buddhas with the Brooklyn Philharmonic and with the Kronos Quartet for Riley's 80th birthday celebrations.
Groups
Brooks founded Summit with Zakir Hussain, Steve Smith, Kai Eckhardt and Fareed Haque; Aspada with Selvaganesh Vinayakaram, Osam Ezzeldin, and Kai Eckhardt; Bombay Jazz with Larry Coryell and Ronu Majumdar; the Raga Bop Trio with Steve Smith and Carnatic guitarist Prasanna; and Elements with Indian violinist Kala Ramnath and Dutch harpist Gwyneth Wentink.
Brooks has toured extensively with blues and R&B artists Etta James, Frankie Lee, Freddie Hughes, Otis Rush, Albert Collins, Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown, Sonny Rhodes as well as pop innovators Ray Manzarek, The Temptations, The Four Tops, and jazz luminaries, John McLaughlin, Larry Coryell, Wadada Leo Smith, and Anthony Braxton. In 2008 Brooks was a featured soloist on John McLaughlin's Floating Point album, which was, nominated for a Grammy Award for best contemporary jazz album.
Brooks is the pioneer of Indo-Jazz and has done significant cross-cultural explorations with leading artists of Indian Classical Music including Zakir Hussain, Hariprasad Chaurasia, Sultan Khan, Shankar Mahadevan, Krishna Bhatt, L. Subramaniam, V. Selvaganesh, Kala Ramnath, Mahesh Kale and many others.
As composer
Brooks's work as a composer has been recognized with numerous awards and commissions. In 2004 they received an Arts International grants to develop compositions with Kathak choreographer Shama Bhate in Pune India and an Arts International Touring grant to perform at the Istanbul International Jazz Festival. Brooks received the 2007 American Composers Forum Global Harmony Prize to create the score for Mirrors of Mumbai, a contemporary Indian jazz opera (book by Sonal Acharya) performed by Opera Piccola in Berkeley, California. In 2008, the American Composers Forum and the California Jazz Conservatory commissioned Brooks to compose and perform Double Moiré, featuring the poetry of and performance by beat poet Michael McClure. Their compositions have been performed by Yo-Yo Ma, The Liverpool Philharmonic and have appeared in films by Merchant/Ivory Productions.
In 2009 Brooks was commissioned by the SF MOMA to create an "artist's response" to the museum's new Rooftop Sculpture Garden for which they composed Alphorn for Hans C. Siegmann. Brooks received a 2012 Met Life Creative Connections grant to present a workshop on Jazz and the Spoken Word with McClure and a 2012 New Music USA, Composer Assistance Program award to attend the premiere of their work for solo harp, The Alchemy of Happiness at the Gaudeamus Muziekweek. In 2013 Brooks received USArtists touring grant to appear with their group Summit at jazz festivals in Mumbai, Pune and Kolkata and a 2014 San Francisco Friends of Chamber Music commission to compose and present Ghalib a new work for saxophone, sarode and tabla. With their wife Emily Klion, Brooks has composed the scores for the SF Youth Theatre's production of Gary Soto's In and Out of Shadows and Marsh Youth Theater's production of Siddhartha, the Bright Path.
As educator
Brooks has taught on the faculties of UC Santa Cruz, Mills College and the California Jazz Conservatory in Berkeley, California. They have led master classes at the California Institute of the Arts, LA Music Academy, McNally-Smith College of Music, Northern Illinois University, Clemson University, the Hong Kong Cultural Center, Swarnabhoomi Academy of Music and AR Rahman's KM Conservatory, in Chennai.
Selected discography
Lasting Impression (Moment 1996): George Brooks (saxophones), Krishna Bhatt (sitar), Zakir Hussain (tabla), John R. Burr (piano), David Belove (bass), David Rokeach (drums), Michael Spiro (percussion) and produced by [Mike Marshall.
Night Spinner (Moment 1998): George Brooks (saxophones), Zakir Hussain (tabla), Jack Perla (piano), David Belove (bass), David Rokeach (drums), Aashish Khan (sarode), Sultan Khan (sarangi) Tommy Kesecker, (vibraphone), Molly Holm (vocals).
Summit (Earth Brother, 2000): George Brooks (saxophones and piano), Steve Smith (drums), Kai Eckhardt (bass) Fareed Haque and Zakir Hussain (tabla) Niladri Kumar (sitar), Taufiq Qureshi (percussion).
Spirit and Spice (Earth Brother, 2010): George Brooks (saxophones), Steve Smith (drums), Kai Eckhardt (bass), Fareed Haque (guitar), Zakir Hussain (tabla), Swapan Chaudhuri (tabla), Niladri Kumar (sitar), Kala Ramnath(violin), Ronu Majumdar (bansuri), Hamsika Iyer (vocals), Frank Martin (piano), Celso Alberti (percussion).
Elements (Earth Brother, 2010): George Brooks (saxophones), Kala Ramnath (violin), Gwyneth Wentik (harp).
Raga Bop Trio (Abstract Logix, 2010): George Brooks (saxophones), Steve Smith (drums), Prasanna(guitar).
Music without Boundaries (Navras, 2001): George Brooks (saxophones), Hariprasad Chaurasia (bansuri), Larry Coryell (guitar), Swapan Chaudhuri (tabla), Vikku Vinayakram (ghatam).
Kirwani Message of the Birds (DVD Navras, 2005): George Brooks (saxophones), Gwyneth Wentink (harp), Hariprasad Chaurasia (bansuri), Vijay Ghata (tabla)
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
American jazz saxophonists
American male saxophonists
American jazz composers
American male jazz composers
21st-century saxophonists
21st-century American male musicians
Jawahar is a male given name. The most prominent bearer of the name is Jawahar Lal Nehru.
People with the given name
Jawahar Singh
Jawahar Singh
Jawahar Lal Kaul
Jawahar Bakshi
Places
Jawahar Kala Kendra
Other uses
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya
Jawahar Science College
Jawahar Circle
Jawahar Tunnel
Jawahar Lal Nehru University
Indian masculine given names
Masculine given names
John Hogan Tierney (June 24, 1832 – February 9, 1907) was an American politician and farmer.
Tierney was born in Freshford, County Kilkenny, Ireland and went to the public schools in Ireland. They emigrated to the United States in 1851 and settled in the Town of Westport, Dane County, Wisconsin. They were a farmer. Tierney served as the chairperson of the Westport Town Board and on the Dane County Board of Supervisors. They died in Waunakee, Wisconsin.
Legislative service
In 1879 they were elected to the 1st Dane County district of the Wisconsin House of Representatives (the Towns of Berry, Black Earth, Blue Mounds, Cross Plains, Dane, Fitchburg, Mazomanie, Middleton, Montrose, Perry, Primrose, Roxbury, Springdale, Springfield, Verona, Vermont and Westport) as a Democrat, with 1748 votes to 537 for Independent Greenbacker John E. Brumm and 460 for Republican D. H. Eastman, for the 1880 term (incumbent Matthias Theisen, also a Democrat, was not a candidate). They were assigned to the standing committee on privileges and elections. They did not run for re-election, and was succeeded by fellow Democrat Samuel James Coldwell.
References
External links
1832 births
1907 deaths
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
People from County Kilkenny
People from Dane County, Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Democrats
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
The Sawridge First Nation is a First Nations band government in northern Alberta. Headquartered in the town of Slave Lake, it controls two Indian reserves, Sawridge 150G and Sawridge 150H.
References
First Nations governments in Alberta
Cree governments
Wysokie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 271.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Cihan Alptekin (1947 – 30 March 1972) was a Turkish revolutionary and militant who was a leader in left-wing organisations such as People's Liberation Army of Turkey, and the Revolutionary Youth Federation of Turkey, a Marxist organisation. They were active in the late 1960s and early 1970s, when they died.
They went to the Fatah camps in Palestine in July 1969 for military training. Soon after they returned to Turkey they were arrested and jailed. In November 1971 they escaped the Maltepe Military Prison along with their comrades Mahir Çayan and Ulaş Bardakçı.
In January 1972, they met with Mahir Çayan in Ankara in an attempt to help Hüseyin İnan, Deniz Gezmiş and Yusuf Aslan, who were on death row, to escape from prison. They kidnapped British technicians from the NATO base in Ünye and brought them to Kızıldere in an attempt to trade them off for their comrades on death row. This was refused by the government, which subsequently located them in Kızıldere with the coordination of the CIA. They were bombed and killed along with the hostages.
References
1947 births
1972 deaths
Turkish politicians
Anti-revisionists
Turkish communists
Turkish revolutionaries
Place of birth missing
Turkish people of Hemshin descent
Muʾmin or mumin (; feminine ) is an Arabic and Islamic term, frequently referenced in the Quran, meaning "believer". It denotes a person who has complete submission to the will of God and has faith firmly established in their heart, i.e. a "faithful Muslim". Also, it is used as a name and one of the names of God in Islam. The opposite term of īmān (faith) is kufr (unbelief), and the opposite of muʾmin is kāfir (unbeliever).
In the Quran
The Quran states:
(An-Nisa ) O you who believe! Believe in Allah, and Their Messenger (Muhammad), and the Book (the Quran) which They have sent down to Their Messenger, and the Scripture which They sent down to those before (him), and whosoever disbelieves in Allah, Their Angels, Their Books, Their Messengers, and the Last Day, then indeed they have strayed far away.
This verse addresses the believers, exhorting them to believe, implying multiple stages of belief.
Difference between Muslim and Muʾmin
The term Muʾmin is the preferred term used in the Qur'an to describe monotheistic believers.
But the following verse makes a distinction between a Muslim and a believer:
(Al-Hujurat ) The Arabs of the desert say, "We believe." (tu/minoo) Say thou: Ye believe not; but rather say, "We profess Islam;" (aslamna) for the faith (al-imanu) hath not yet found its way into your hearts. But if ye obey God and Their Apostle, They will not allow you to lose any of your actions, for God is Forgiving, Merciful.
Memon people
In South Asia, the Muslim converts from Lohana tribe adopted the name Muʾmin pronounced as Memon (or Momin) as their community name. The Memon people, a collection of ethnic groups from the north western part of the South Asia are located in Sindh province in Pakistan and neighboring Gujarat state in India.
See also
Iman (Islam)
Kafir
Al-Mu'minoon
Muhammad's wives
Amir al-Mu'minin
Memon people
Memons from Kathiawar
Sindhi Memons
Kutchi Memons
Okhai Memons
References
External links
http://quran.com/23 Surat ul Mu'minoon
Arabic words and phrases
Islamic belief and doctrine
Islamic honorifics
Islamic terminology
Names of God in Islam
is a list published in the Japanese magazine Shūkan Bunshun (the Weekly Bunshun) in 1985 by Bungeishunjū. This list was also published in book form in 1986.
508 people who love mystery novels, including the 123 members of Mystery Writers of Japan, took part in the survey.
The revised edition came out in 2012.
See also
Kono Mystery ga Sugoi!
Honkaku Mystery Best 10
Japanese detective fiction
The Top 100 Crime Novels of All Time
References
Tozai Mystery Best 100 (Revised Edition 2012), The Top 50 Translated Mystery Novels
Tozai Mystery Best 100 (Revised Edition 2012), The Top 50 Japanese Mystery Novels
External links
Blogpost listing original 1985 Best 100 translated mystery novels and revised 2012 Best 50 translated mystery novels
Blogpost listing revised 2012 Best 10 Japanese mystery novels, also listing others in Best 100 Japanese mystery novels which have been translated into English
Mystery fiction
Top book lists
Lists of novels
Time Stalkers, also known as in Japan, is a Dreamcast role-playing video game featuring appearances of worlds (and playable characters) from several of Climax Entertainment's earlier games in crossover fashion. The player initially takes the role of Sword, a character caught in a world made of many worlds. As they go along, similar heroes show up for the player to control. The player may do things such as enter dungeons, take special assignments, and upgrade/buy/sell items.
Gameplay
Time Stalkers is a role-playing video game with party members consisting of Climax characters as well as in-game enemies that can be collected and trained. The battle system combines RTS and turned based out of phase situational combat. The enemies appear on screen and transition to individual arrangements for RTS style combat. The game takes between 30–60 hours to complete and features multiple endings.
Plot
Reception
Time Stalkers received mixed reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. Pete Bartholow of GameSpot gave the Japanese import a mixed review, criticizing its "traditional" story, randomized dungeon layouts, ugly graphics, and most particularly the resetting of experience points at the beginning of each dungeon. They concluded by advising gamers to instead get the "vastly superior" Evolution: The World of Sacred Device (the Dreamcast's only other RPG at that time). Anoop Gantayat of IGN praised the unique overworld and the monster capture mechanic. However, like GameSpot, they took issue with the resetting of experience points, and also complained of the game's concise dialogue and short length. PlanetDreamcast gave it a negative review, over a month and a half before its U.S. release date. Jeff Lundrigan of NextGen said of the game, "It ain't bad, but the Dreamcast RPG audience needs more than this generic fix." In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of 27 out of 40. GamePro summed up the review of the game by saying, "RPG aficionados looking for that great adventure for the Dreamcast will have to wait – Time Stalkers isn't it. While it'll probably satisfy dungeon crawlers, it will barely get a real adventurer's attention."
Notes
References
External links
1999 video games
Crossover role-playing video games
Dreamcast games
Dreamcast-only games
Sega video games
Video games developed in Japan
Antero Lindman (born 25 December 1964) is a Finnish racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Finnish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Finland
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kashif Abbasi (Punjabi, ) is a Pakistani journalist, television talk show host and anchorperson based in Islamabad. They host the current political talk show Off the Record on the news channel ARY News.
Personal life
Their mother, Shahnaz Abbasi, passed away in 2020. In November 2011, Abbasi announced their marriage to Dunya News journalist Meher Bukhari. In June 2012, their wife became involved in a mediagate scandal involving property tycoon Malik Riaz.
Criticism
In January 2020, Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) banned the broadcast of Abbasi's programme Off the Record on ARY News for 60 days, following Faisal Vawda's appearance on their show alongside Qamar Zaman Kaira and Senator Muhammad Javed Abbasi.
See also
Meher Bukhari
Waseem Badami
References
Living people
Pakistani male journalists
Pakistani television talk show hosts
People from Islamabad
Punjabi people
1974 births
ARY News newsreaders and journalists
Alla mia età is the fourth studio album by pop singer Tiziano Ferro. It was released in May 2009 and became Ferro's third #1 album in their native Italy. A Spanish-language version of the album was also released, titled A mi edad. The first single from the album was the title track "Alla mia età", which went to top the Italian Singles Chart.
Album information
The album was recorded in Milan and London between 2007 and 2008.
Ferro included many collaborations in this project: they collaborated with Italian musician Franco Battiato in the song "Il tempo stesso", with American singer Kelly Rowland in the song "Breathe Gentle" and with Mexican singers Anahí and Dulce María from Latin pop group RBD in the song "El regalo más grande". For the album's release in Spain this last song was made into a duet with Amaia Montero.
Furthermore, in an interview in Mexico Ferro declared that fellow Italian pop singer Laura Pausini co-wrote the song "La paura non-esiste" ("El miedo no existe").
Track listing
A mi edad – Track listing
Release history
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
External links
Tiziano Ferro official website
Tiziano Ferro albums
2009 albums
Albums produced by Michele Canova
The banking sector in Bangladesh consists of several types of institutions. Bangladesh Bank is the central bank of Bangladesh and the chief regulatory authority in the banking sector
Pursuant to Bangladesh Bank Order, 1972 the Government of Bangladesh reorganized the Dhaka Branch of the State Bank of Pakistan as the central bank of the country, and named it Bangladesh Bank with retrospective effect from 16 December 1971.
Other than the Central Bank itself, banks in Bangladesh are primarily categorized into two types: Scheduled and Non-Scheduled banks.
Scheduled banks
Scheduled banks are licensed under the Bank Company Act, 1991 (Amended up to 2013).
Currently, there are 61 scheduled banks in Bangladesh.
State-owned commercial banks (SOCBs)
There are 6 state-owned commercial banks (SOCBs) that are fully or majorly owned by the Government of Bangladesh.
Agrani Bank Limited
Bangladesh Development Bank
BASIC Bank Limited
Janata Bank Limited
Rupali Bank Limited
Sonali Bank Limited
Specialized banks (SDBs)
3 specialized banks are now operating which were established for specific objectives like agricultural or industrial development. These banks are also fully or majorly owned by the Government of Bangladesh.
Bangladesh Krishi Bank
Rajshahi Krishi Unnayan Bank
Probashi Kallyan Bank
Private commercial banks (PCBs)
There is a total of 43 PCBs in operation right now. They are majorly owned by private entities and classified into two types.
Conventional PCBs
In total 33 conventional PCBs are now operating in the industry. They perform the banking functions in conventional fashion i.e. interest-based operations.
AB Bank Limited
Bangladesh Commerce Bank Limited
Bank Asia Limited
Bengal Commercial Bank Limited
BRAC Bank Limited
Citizens Bank PLC
City Bank Limited
Community Bank Bangladesh Limited
Dhaka Bank Limited
Dutch-Bangla Bank Limited
Eastern Bank Limited
IFIC Bank Limited
Jamuna Bank Limited
Meghna Bank Limited
Mercantile Bank Limited
Midland Bank Limited
Modhumoti Bank Limited
Mutual Trust Bank Limited
National Bank Limited
National Credit & Commerce Bank Limited
NRB Bank Limited
NRB Commercial Bank Ltd
One Bank Limited
Padma Bank Limited
Premier Bank Limited
Prime Bank Limited
Pubali Bank Limited
Shimanto Bank Ltd
Southeast Bank Limited
South Bangla Agriculture and Commerce Bank Limited
Trust Bank Limited
United Commercial Bank Ltd
Uttara Bank Limited
Islami Shariah Based PCBs
There are 10 Islami Shariah-based PCBs in Bangladesh and they execute banking activities according to Islami Shariah-based principles i.e. Profit-Loss Sharing (PLS) mode.
Al-Arafah Islami Bank Limited
EXIM Bank Limited
First Security Islami Bank Limited
Global Islamic Bank Ltd
ICB Islamic Bank Limited
Islami Bank Bangladesh Limited
Shahjalal Islami Bank Limited
Social Islami Bank Limited
Union Bank Limited
Standard Bank Limited
Foreign commercial banks (FCBs)
In total 9 FCBs are operating in Bangladesh as the branches of the banks which are incorporated in abroad.
Bank Al-Falah Limited (Pakistan)
Citibank N.A (United States of America)
Commercial Bank of Ceylon PLC (Sri Lanka)
Habib Bank Limited (Pakistan)
HSBC (United Kingdom)
National Bank of Pakistan (Pakistan)
Standard Chartered Bank (United Kingdom)
State Bank of India (India)
Woori Bank (South Korea)
Non-scheduled banks
Non-scheduled banks are licensed only for specific functions and objectives, and do not offer the same range of services as scheduled banks.
There are now 5 non-scheduled banks in Bangladesh.
Ansar VDP Unnayan Bank
Grameen Bank
Jubilee Bank
Karmashangosthan Bank
Palli Sanchay Bank
Non-bank financial institutions (NBFIs)
Non-bank financial institutions (NBFIs), simply known as financial institutions (FIs), are those types of financial institutions which are regulated under Financial Institution Act, 1993 and controlled by Bangladesh Bank. Now, 34 FIs are operating in Bangladesh while the maiden one was established in 1981. Out of the total, two are fully government owned, one is the subsidiary of a SOCB, 15 were initiated by private domestic initiative and 15 were initiated by joint venture initiative.
NBFI's include:
Agrani SME Financing Company Limited
Bangladesh Finance and Investment Company Limited (BD Finance)
Bangladesh Industrial Finance Company Limited (BIFC)
Bangladesh Infrastructure Finance Fund Limited (BIFFL)
Bay Leasing and Investment Limited
CVC Finance Limited
Delta Brac Housing Finance Corporation Ltd. (DBH)
Fareast Finance and Investment Limited
FAS Finance and Investment Limited
First Finance Limited
GSP Finance Company (Bangladesh) Limited (GSPB)
Hajj Finance Company Limited
IDLC Finance Limited
Industrial and Infrastructure Development Finance Company Limited (IIDFC)
Infrastructure Development Company Limited (IDCOL)
International Leasing and Financial Services Limited
IPDC Finance Limited
Islamic Finance and Investment Limited
LankaBangla Finance Limited
Lankan Alliance Finance Limited
Meridian Finance and Investment Limited.
MIDAS Financing Limited. (MFL)
National Finance Limited
National Housing Finance and Investments Limited
People's Leasing and Financial Services Limited
Phoenix Finance and Investments Limited
Premier Leasing and Finance Limited
Prime Finance and Investment Limited
Reliance Finance Limited
Saudi-Bangladesh Industrial and Agricultural Investment Company Limited (SABINCO)
The UAE-Bangladesh Investment Company Limited
Union Capital Limited
United Finance Limited
Uttara Finance and Investments Limited
Specialized financial institutions (semi formal sector)
Bangladesh House Building Finance Corporation (BHBFC)
Palli Karma Sahayak Foundation (PKSF)
References
Banks
Bangladesh
Bangladesh
The Archaeological site of Mount Bonifato is located in Alcamo, in the province of Trapani, in Sicily.
According to Licofrone of Alexandria, an unknown scholar who set up the library of Alexandria in the third century B.C., there was a village called Longuro on Mount Bonifato of Alcamo in ancient times. This settlement had been founded by a colony of Greeks who had escaped from Troy.
The archeological site was probably inhabited from the 7th century B.C. to the 12th century A.D. Longuro was also the name of Mount Bonifato, which – according to some other scholars - was also named "Aereo" and "Longarico" (the Latin name for Longuro).
During the Roman period, the inhabitants moved to the slopes of the mount, so that they could devote themselves to farming.
Excavations
Since the second half of the 16th century, several scholars have identified some localities of archeological interest on this mount, such as the remains of the old village, which were identified by Tommaso Fazello.
Later, the archaeological ruins became subjects of research by historians from Alcamo, such as Ignazio De Blasi in the 18th century and Vincenzo di Giovanni in the 19th century. In the Regional Archeological Museum Antonio Salinas there are some lanterns and stamps of bricks dating back to the Roman period, found by Pietro Maria Rocca (a historian of Alcamo) during the 19th century.
The first excavations have brought to light some cave tombs. These produced no finds inside them, because they had been reused by farmers in the following periods.
Later investigations have uncovered artefacts and remains of very ancient settlements, including a house dating back to the 6th-7th centuries B.C., and bronze and ceramic fragments which are preserved at the Museo Baglio Anselmi in Marsala.
In recent years the excavations have been conducted within the work of the field schools organized by Legambiente (1996), Archeoclub of Trapani-Erice (2000), LIPU (2001) and Gruppo Archeologico Drepanon (from 2007 to 2010), within the initiative called "Progetto Bunifat".
Settlements
Following the excavations made in 2014, and the restoration interventions of the two cisterns, carried out by the Libero Consorzio Comunale di Trapani under the scientific supervision of the Soprintendenza dei Beni Culturali of Trapani, dottoressa Rossella Giglio and the archeologist Giuseppina Mammina, and directed by the archeologist Antonina Stellino, the first scientific grounds have been laid to gain a more clear understanding of the settlements.
The excavations have brought to light an outlying urban district, providing evidence of activity from the 8th century B.C. to the 13th century A.D. The urban district of the medieval period (13th century A.D.) shows the last phase of the settlement. This persisted as late as 1396, when the site on the mountain was abandoned after the restoration of the Castle of Ventimiglia. Following these excavations eight houses were discovered, with their doors: four are located on the mountain side, and four on the downside, separated by the street leading to the village. In addition, backing onto the unicellular houses a retaining wall was discovered, about 20 metres long, where traces of rooms, probably for sentinels, can be seen. These walls were built using the dry-stone technique, with squared blocks of local limestone.
From the 6th century B.C. Mount Bonifato very probably had the status of a satellite to the nearby town of Segesta. Further, the site shows unusual traces of human settlement during the period of the Roman Empire. After the 3rd-2nd century B.C. the Romans directed their interest towards the vale of the mount and along the coast of the gulf of Castellammare, to the west along the valley of the Fiume Freddo (later Fiume Caldo), and to the east to the valley of the Finocchio and Calatubo torrents.
The walls brought to light testify to a continuous presence from the 9th century on. When the Arabs came to Mount Bonifato, they chose to build their houses in the same place where those of former periods had stood. Moreover they found a safe place here, and adequate resources for a lifestyle suited to their family units, thanks to the presence of water.
The cisterns
The cisterns of the medieval era (termed A and B) date back to the 13th century A.D. The date is confirmed by the construction techniques used and by the finding of green glazed ceramics of that period. The work on their recovery and restoration involved the removal of the humus and other material which completely filled both cisterns. Cistern A, about 4 metres high and 6 metres long, was used by various unicellular houses. Cistern B, which is smaller than the other, is about 2.85 metres by 4.30 metres.
Cistern A, which dates to the medieval period, has been exposed entirely: it is formed of squared blocks, and its interior and floor are plastered. In the northern side there is a trapdoor from which water was drawn, while on the side of the mountain is found the channelling for the inflow of water. An inscription was found inside Cistern B, with the date 1264. The other inscriptions may indicate mathematical calculations for the construction of the cistern, or relating to its capacity.
Finds
The finds material recovered from the "urban district" includes above all ceramics, and also some fragments in bronze and iron, stone bullets, a chopper, organic material of animal origin, and millstones. Among the most ancient materials found are some specimens handmade from paste, but also items made on the wheel. The types of ceramics discovered can be distinguished chronologically, beginning in the 7th century B.C. These include discoveries which can be assigned to the proto-Elymus, indigenous, Attic, Ionic and Hellenistic periods. This confirms that there was continuous contact with Segesta and with other Elymus centres of western Sicily.
Among the undecorated ceramics are some fragments of large containers used for the storage of victuals (pithoi), mortars, pans and dishes. Specimens of ceramics with geometrical decoration were also discovered, both hand-formed and wheel-made, including bowls, amphoras and jugs. The materials found inside the houses (including filters, commonly-used ceramics and, above all, glazed pottery), as concerning the clay, show that there was an evolution of refinement in production, fictile material and firing, leading to more elegant types of vases, even though the aesthetics of the ceramics were not especially important to those who used them, their rural life being mainly concerned with purely essential matters.
The site today
The site, dating back to the Iron Age, was opened to public on the 15th of December 2015. The excavations were financed by the ex Province of Trapani; after these public works, the Archeoclub d'Italia Calatub, as a group of volunteers, has dealt with its clearing, monitoring, safeguarding, protection, promotion and the diffusion of popular knowledge about it.
Since 2014, the archaeologist Antonina Stellino, from Alcamo, has been engaged with the fixing and classification of the finds discovered in this site, in anticipation of the creation of an Antiquarium in Alcamo.
See also
Roman furnaces in Alcamo
Mount Bonifato
Nature Reserve Bosco di Alcamo
Geosite Travertino della Cava Cappuccini (Alcamo)
References
Sources
External links
https://www.sguardidiconfine.com/monte-bonifato-la-erice-archeologica-emersa-dalla-passione-di-professionisti-e-volontari/
http://www.alqamah.it/2014/06/10/historia-alcami-le-fornaci-romane-e-il-monte-bonifato/
https://www.lasiciliainrete.it/monumenti/listing/sito-archeologico-di-monte-bonifato
http://www.alqamah.it/2016/08/14/monte-bonifato-di-alcamo-una-realta-da-riscoprire-archeologia-ambiente-e-turismo/
http://www.liberainformazione.org/2019/09/09/alcamo-salvati-dallincuria-gli-scavi-archeologici-dai-volontari-di-estate-liberi/
Prehistoric sites in Italy
Archaeological sites in Sicily
Alcamo
Lippa is a village in the Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh, India.
References
Villages in Kinnaur district
The Consolidated R2Y "Liberator Liner" (Consolidated Model 39) was an airliner derivative of the B-24 Liberator built for the United States Navy by Consolidated Aircraft.
Development and service
The XR2Y-1, as the single prototype was known in Navy service, used the high-aspect wing and tricycle landing gear of the Liberator. The fuselage was an entirely new design, and the vertical stabilizer was taken from the PB4Y Privateer. The final design looked much like a smaller, high-wing Boeing B-29 Superfortress, but with windows for passengers.
The aircraft was meant to carry passengers or cargo to distant Navy bases, but after a brief evaluation the prototype was demilitarized in the mid-1940s, returned to Convair, and leased to American Airlines as a freighter with the name "City of Salinas".
Specifications (R2Y-1)
See also
References
External links
NX30039 American Airlines
Consolidated R2Y
R2Y
Four-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1944
1940s United States airliners
Four-engined piston aircraft
The Vanderbilt Commodores college football team represents Vanderbilt University in the East Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Commodores compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has had 28 head coaches since it began play during the 1890 season.
The team has played 1,250 games over 126 seasons of Vanderbilt football. In that time, six coaches have led the Commodores to postseason bowl games: Art Guepe, Steve Sloan, George MacIntyre, Bobby Johnson, James Franklin and Derek Mason. Four other coaches won conference championships: R. G. Acton, Walter H. Watkins, James R. Henry and Dan McGugin. Between them, the coaches won eleven Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association championships; McGugin led the team to an additional two titles as a member of the Southern Conference.
McGugin is the leader in seasons coached and games won, with 198 victories during their 30 years at Vanderbilt. E. H. Alley has the highest winning percentage with 1.000. Robbie Caldwell has the lowest winning percentage with .167. Of the 28 different head coaches who have led the Commodores, McGugin, Ray Morrison, Red Sanders, and Bill Edwards have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana.
The current head coach is Clark Lea, who was hired on December 14, 2020.
Key
Coaches
Notes
References
General
Specific
Lists of college football head coaches
Vanderbilt Commodores football coaches
Rivers and creeks in Lake County, California are listed below by river basin and alphabetically.
Unless otherwise stated, the information is taken from the Geographic Names Information System maintained by the United States Geological Survey.
Coordinates, elevations and lengths from this source are approximate.
General
Lake County covers about in the California Coastal Range.
The rugged topography includes hills, mountains and valleys.
The largest waterbody is Clear Lake, at an elevation of about above sea level.
The three main drainages are Eel River, Cache Creek and Putah Creek, each of which have their headwaters in the county.
Eel River drains the north of the county and flows west into Mendocino County.
The center of the county drains into Clear Lake, which drains into Cache Creek, which flows east into Yolo County.
The south of the county drains into Putah Creek, which flows south into Napa County.
Eel River empties into the Pacific, while Cache Creek and Putah Creek flow into the Sacramento River valley.
Lake County has warm, dry summers, and cool, moist winters.
In the summer, a continual tropical air mass typically creates high daytime temperatures and cool evening temperatures.
In winter, a marine air mass typically keeps temperatures above .
Average monthly temperatures range from about 43°F during December through January to about 73°F during July through August.
There are greater levels of precipitation at higher elevations and in the north and southwest of the county.
Almost 90% of precipitation falls in winter, and there is very little rain from May to September.
Geological changes
Clear Lake formed about 600,000 years ago as the land in the region began to subside when the Clear Lake Volcanic Field erupted.
Its basin continues to move downward, while sedimentation keeps it shallow.
The Clear Lake basin lies between the watersheds of the Sacramento River and the Russian River.
When it was formed it drained east into the Sacramento Valley.
About 200,000 years ago the Clear Lake Volcanic Field blocked the lake's outlet.
The lake rose until it found a new outlet, draining west through the Blue Lakes into Cold Creek and the Russian River.
Clear Lake was almost higher than it is today, and Scotts Creek flowed into the lake from the west near where Lakeport is today.
It formed a large delta there, which deposited the Lakeport ridge.
At some time in the last 10,000 years a landslide at the west end of the Blue Lakes blocked Clear Lake's outlet to the Russian River watershed.
The lake rose again, and created its present outlet via Cache Creek to the Sacramento River.
Cache Creek began eroding upstream to Clear Lake, and when it reached the lake the outflow along Cache Creek quickly eroded a channel through soft sediments.
The lake dropped almost as a result.
Basins
Eel River
Eel River flows through the northern part of the County and drains through Lake Pillsbury into Mendocino County.
The Eel River's drainage includes Corbin Creek, Anderson Creek, Cold Creek and Bear Creek.
The drainage includes the highest point in Lake County, Snow Mountain.
The Pacific Gas and Electric Company created Lake Pillsbury on the Eel River as part of its Potter Valley Project, which diverts water downstream on the Eel River to generate power, and releases the water into the East Fork Russian River.
Diverted flows supplement Russian River water supplies in Mendocino and Sonoma Counties.
Lake Pillsbury captures about one percent of the Eel River flow.
Clear Lake
Clear Lake is the largest freshwater lake wholly within the state of California.
The lake has an average depth of about .
Many important tributary streams drain into Clear Lake, including Kelsey Creek, Adobe Creek, Scotts Creek and Middle Creek.
The streams flow over permeable geologic formations and percolate into the subsurface as groundwater recharge.
Cache Creek
Cache Creek drains Clear Lake and flows eastward into Yolo County, then into the Sacramento River.
Cache Creek has two major reaches in Lake County: the north fork and the main branch.
The north fork drains an area north of the Clear Lake watershed through Indian Valley Reservoir, and includes Long Valley Creek, Wolf Creek, and Bartlett Creek.
The main branch drains Clear Lake and flows eastward into Yolo County.
Kelsey Creek, Adobe Creek, Scott's Creek, and Middle Creek drain through Clear Lake to the main stem of Cache Creek.
Clear Lake and the Indian Valley Reservoir heavily influence the flow characteristics of Cache Creek.
Unmanaged flows above the Indian Valley Reservoir on Cache Creek show a strong response to rainfall and low base flows.
In contrast, managed flows on Cache Creek below the Indian Valley Reservoir and Clear Lake show a reduced influence of precipitation and increased base flows.
Putah Creek
Putah Creek drains the southwestern portion of Lake County, draining into Lake Berryessa in Napa County.
Putah Creek's drainage includes Harbin Creek, Big Canyon Creek, St. Helena Creek and Soda Creek.
The drainage also includes Collayomi Valley, Long Valley and the Coyote Valley.
The Putah Creek drainage mostly consists of direct rainfall runoff with a very little snowmelt and base flow.
The Putah Creek basin in Lake County has no reservoirs to provide surface storage and regulate flows.
Russian River
A few of the streams in Lake County are in the watershed of the Russian River to the west.
Stony Creek
Stony Creek is a tributary of the Sacramento River that drains a small part of northeast Lake County
Alphabetical list
Notes on source
Unless otherwise stated, the information above is derived from an extract from the GNIS database of features of class "stream" in Lake County, California.
Some anomalies have been corrected:
Rodman Slough is classed "swamp" but is included here since almost half the inflow to Clear Lake comes through the slough.
Cache Creek is classed "canal", perhaps true lower down, and is also included here
Putah Creek is classed "lake" for some reason, but is included here
GNIS says that Pieta Creek () is an 11 mile long tributary of Coleman Creek, while Coleman Creek () is an 8 mile long tributary of Pieta Creek. In fact, the map shows that Coleman Creek joins Pieta Creek shortly before the combined stream enters the Russian River.
Herman Creek is described as a tributary of Dry Lake, which should read Dry Creek.
The features named Burns Valley, Donovan Valley, Eightmile Valley, Forty Springs Valley, Lyons Valley, Riley Valley and Twin Valley have been omitted, since they are valleys rather than streams.
Some streams have part of their watershed in Lake County, but not their main course. They have been included for the sake of completeness.
Two features named Dutch Oven Creek were found, both tributaries of Corbin Creek. They have been named Dutch Oven Creek E and Dutch Oven Creek W.
Otherwise, where two different creeks have the same name, their parent name has been added in parentheses. Thus Willow Creek (Scotts Creek) is a tributary of Scotts Creek
With Manning Creek () the GNIS entry states correctly that it flows into Clear Lake, but gives a mouth location some distance from the lake and gives a mouth elevation of 1,378 feet, while the Clear Lake () elevation is given as 1,325 feet. Other tributaries of Clear Lake such as Molesworth Creek () are given mouth elevations of up to 1,332 feet.
It seems plausible that elevations in GNIS are estimated from distance to the nearest higher and lower contour lines. This would result in points at the base and the top of a cliff being given elevations that are too high or too low.
Notes
Citations
Sources
People v. Lee Kong, (1892), is a case in which the defendant claimed the "impossibility" defense to charges of assault, on the basis of a mistake in fact. The ultimate issue in this case is whether the defendant's actions and intent warrant criminal sanctions even though they failed to achieve a criminal act because the act itself was factually impossible to commit.
Circumstances
A police officer cut a hole through the roof of Lee Kong's building in order to observe Kong gamble. Kong, knowing of the hole, fired their gun through the hole in the roof at the spot where they thought a police officer was located. Because the officer had moved from that spot to another, the shot did not hit him. Kong claimed that since they were mistaken in fact, it was impossible for them to commit the crime. Kong was convicted and appealed to the California Supreme Court.
Decision
The California Supreme Court stated that the exact location of the police officer, as long as they were is in range of being shot by the defendant "does not go to the question of present ability." Since the defendant had the intention and present ability to commit the assault, the fact that they were mistaken as to the location of the intended victim affords no defense for their act. Therefore Kong's conviction was upheld.
Significance
This is one of the first in a series of cases that imposed liability for an attempted felony even though the crime was impossible to commit because the defendant was mistaken in fact. It was reinforced by decisions that followed such as that used later in State v. Mitchell (Mo., 1902) and United States v. Thomas (U.S.C.M.A, 1962).
See also
Impossibility defense
Footnotes
External links
Ruling Case Law Developed Established Decisions
1892 in United States case law
California state case law
U.S. state criminal case law
1892 in California
Crimes in Oakland, California
Attempt
is a type of Japanese paper created in Gifu Prefecture, Japan. Washi is made from the paper mulberry which is a plant that grows in the city of Mino. In 1985, it was designated a Traditional Craft by the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (now the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry).
History
The origin of Mino washi can be traced to the Nara period in eighth century Japan, when the high quality paper was first made in Mino Province. Some of the original paper is still preserved in Shōsōin in the city of Nara in Nara Prefecture. During the Heian period, government officials were dispatched to the area when paper standards, such as size and color, were first established.
During the first part of the Kamakura period, Mino washi was relatively unused and unknown; however, because of activities during the Nanboku-chō period and the Ōnin War, the low-cost Mino washi came into more widespread use. Also, the Toki clan, who served as the shugo of Mino Province at the time, promoted industries and paper production as a way of strengthening the area and their power. Many members of the monk and kuge classes in Japan would visit the area and use the paper, bringing it back to their homelands, increasing the distribution of the paper. Eventually, merchants began to sell the paper throughout Japan, too.
During the Edo period, regulations were put in place regarding sales of the paper and the area further flourished as a special production area. As uses for the paper increased (including in shōji and other common uses), the amount of production increased and it became a well-known paper.
In 2014, this paper had been listed as intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO.
Traditional craft of Gifu
Starting in the Edo period, the area surrounding Nagara Bridge in the city of Gifu became an important port to merchants traveling up and down the Nagara River. As a result, Mino washi and other goods that traveled from the upper-Mino region came ashore in the city and were sold in many tonya. Because of the high quality of the paper, it was used in many of the traditional crafts within the city, including lanterns (岐阜提灯 Gifu Chōchin), umbrellas (岐阜和傘 Gifu Wagasa) and fans (岐阜うちわ Gifu Uchiwa). Mino washi has become essential to the creation of these traditional crafts. The tonya in the Kawara-machi area of the city managed to survive the Gifu air raid during World War II, so the tradition continues today much as it has for hundreds of years.
See also
Ise washi from Ise, Mie
References
Culture in Gifu Prefecture
Japanese paper
Visual arts materials
Fantastic Locations: Dragondown Grotto is a generic setting adventure module for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. The adventure is designed for 10th level characters. It contains a 16-page adventure as well as two posters sized double-sided maps for use in miniatures play.
Plot summary
Created as a supplement to the War of the Dragon Queen series of Dungeons and Dragons Miniatures. The adventure is broken into four chapters designed to make use of the four poster sized maps included with the product and features many antagonists drawn from the War of the Dragon Queen miniatures set.
The adventure concerns the recovery of two magical dragon eggs which, when hatched, produce Aspects of the fictional Dragon gods Bahamut and Tiamat. These are to be used to prevent the wizard Targan Klem from resurrecting a fallen Dracolich.
Synopsis
In the first chapter, Spawnscale Nursery, the characters are told of (or discover) an underground complex used to rear abandoned dragon eggs. The self-styled dragonlord Meepo, a kobold fighter has taken charge of the hatchlings, raising them as siblings and has reputedly been selling them as mounts or guardians to various patrons. Their dealings have been disrupted by the invasion of a group of hobgoblins and their mercenary blackscale lizardfolk allies who have retaken the complex in order to restore it to its original purpose as a temple to the evil dragon-god Tiamat. After overcoming the occupation force of monsters, the players may either fight Meepo and two of their young dragon charges, or they may elect to negotiate with him—leading them to discover the dark nature of Targan Klem (who they may or may not be working for) who intends to sacrifice the unborn dragons within the eggs as a sacrifice to appease the resurrected dracolich they intend to raise. They are informed that two magical eggs may be retrieved to aid in the defeat of the wizard, which when hatched will birth Aspects of the Five-headed evil Tiamat and the benevolent platinum dragon god Bahamut. Though the two dragon-gods hate one another, they will both fight against a threat to dragonkind as that posed by Klem. They are given a map to find the two eggs.
The second chapter, Forest Cliff Lair, begins as the characters follow a nearby stream for a day's travel to make their way to the location of the first egg, the Egg of Bahamut, held in the lair of the female green dragon Sekkatrix. They have enslaved ogres and basilisks to defend them lair. They must obtain the egg and move on to the second objective, the Egg of Tiamat.
In chapter three, Dragon Graveyard, the hunt for the Egg of Tiamat takes them to the edge of the forest, where the land flattens into an ashen waste. It is reputed that here a great lord of the dragons once ruled over the entire region. Other dragons have migrated to this place, either to die alongside the revered wyrm or to plunder the graveyard. The egg is located at the center of the waste, on a dais built within the upward jutting ribs of the old dragon king. It is protected by the bound spectres of those who have before tried to rob the treasure. As well, the area is patrolled by cadaver collectors and dragon skeletons.
Having taken both eggs, the characters proceed to the last chapter, Dragondown Grotto, a grotto formed from a cave collapse where a cabal of wizards hunted down the dracolich centuries ago after having destroyed its phylactery. Targan Klem and their black dragon cohort Blackbone are in the midst of raising the dracolich, a former blue dragon named Tsaggest Darkweld, when the characters arrive. Blackbone, as well as a group of dragonnes try to keep the adventurers at bay until the spell is finished and the Dracolich is awakened. Klem attempts to continue the ritual until it is absolutely impossible to avoid combat.
Aftermath
Targan Klem will attempt to teleport away if they are sufficiently injured or if their dragon companion is killed. Blackbone will leave if Klem is killed. If either of these is the case they will plot revenge on the party. If Darkweld is raised it will leave to build a new phylactery for itself, and then returns from the southern deserts with an army of minions to devastate the region where their enemies once lived. Meepo, if befriended, might return with their draconic wards to help the PCs in the future.
Publication history
This adventure was written by Ed Stark was published in July 2006 by Wizards of the Coast. Cover art was by Greg Staples, with interior art by Wayne England.
Reception
Reviews
Black Gate #11 (Summer 2007)
References
Stark, Ed. Fantastic Locations: Dragondown Grotto (Wizards of the Coast, 2006).
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov (; 17 October 1919 – 9 January 2021) was a leading Soviet theoretical physicist who has made significant contributions to many areas of theoretical physics, including general relativity, quantum field theory, as well as the theory of quantum liquids.  They are well known for their role in developing the Landau-Khalatnikov theory of superfluidity and the so-called BKL conjecture in the general theory of relativity.
Life and career
Isaak Khalatnikov was born into a Ukrainian Jewish family in Yekaterinoslav (now Dnipro, Ukraine) and graduated from Dnipropetrovsk State University with a degree in Physics in 1941. They had been a member of the Communist Party since 1944. They earned their doctorate in 1952. Their wife Valentina was the daughter of Revolutionary hero Nikolay Shchors.
Much of Khalatnikov's research was a collaboration with, or inspired by, Lev Landau, including the Landau-Khalatnikov theory of superfluidity.
During 1969 they briefly worked as a part time professor of theoretical physics at Leiden University.
In 1970, inspired by the mixmaster model introduced by Charles W. Misner, then at Princeton University, Khalatnikov, together with Vladimir Belinski and Evgeny Lifshitz, introduced what has become known as the BKL conjecture, which is widely regarded as one of the most outstanding open problems in the classical theory of gravitation.
Khalatnikov directed the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics in Moscow from 1965 to 1992. They were elected to the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union in 1984. They have been awarded the Landau Gold Medal, the Humboldt Prize, and the Marcel Grossmann Award. They were also a foreign member of the Royal Society of London.
They were portrayed by actor Georg Nikoloff in the film The Theory of Everything.
Khalatnikov died in Chernogolovka on 9 January 2021, aged 101.
Honours and awards
Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 3rd class
Order of the October Revolution
Order of the Patriotic War, 2nd class
Order of the Red Banner of Labour, three times
Order of Friendship of Peoples
Order of the Badge of Honour
Stalin Prize (1953)
Marcel Grossmann Award (2012) "For the discovery of a general solution of the Einstein equations with a cosmological singularity of an oscillatory chaotic character known as the BKL singularity"
Asteroid 468725 Khalat was named in their honor. The official was published by the Minor Planet Center on 18 May 2019 ().
Partial bibliography
Books
Selected academic works
See also
Fermi liquid theory
Landau pole
Quantum triviality
References
1919 births
2021 deaths
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Full Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology faculty
Oles Honchar Dnipro National University alumni
Recipients of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of Friendship of Peoples
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Stalin Prize winners
Jewish Russian scientists
Men centenarians
Russian centenarians
Russian cosmologists
Russian memoirists
Russian physicists
Soviet cosmologists
Soviet physicists
Superfluidity
Comitas williamsi is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Description
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand. Fossils have been found in Upper Cenozoic strata of the Wairoa District
References
Marwick, John. Upper Cenozoic Mollusca of Wairoa District, Hawkeś Bay. New Zealand Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, New Zealand Geological Survey, 1965.
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. pp 232–254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
External links
williamsi
Gastropods described in 1965
Gastropods of New Zealand
Virginia's 28th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia. It has been represented by Republican Richard Stuart since 2008.
Geography
District 28 stretches from the far reaches of the D.C. metropolitan area to the Northern Neck, incorporating parts of Prince William, Stafford, Spotsylvania, King George, and Westmoreland Counties.
The district overlaps with Virginia's 1st, 7th, and 10th congressional districts, and with the 2nd, 13th, 28th, 31st, 40th, 50th, 51st, 54th, 87th, 88th, and 99th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates.
Recent election results
2019
2015
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 28
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting, and thus were under different district lines.
2007
2003
1999
1995
1991
1987
References
Virginia Senate districts
King George County, Virginia
Prince William County, Virginia
Spotsylvania County, Virginia
Stafford County, Virginia
Westmoreland County, Virginia
The following lists events that have happened in 1807 in the Qajar dynasty, Iran.
Incumbents
Monarch: Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar
Events
May 4 – Treaty of Finckenstein was signed between Iran and France.
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1800s in Iran
Iran
Spinellus fusiger, commonly known as the bonnet mold, is a species of fungus in the Zygomycota phylum. It is a pin mold that is characterized by erect sporangiophores (specialized hyphae that bear a sporangium) that are simple in structure, brown or yellowish-brown in color, and with branched aerial filaments that bear the zygospores. It grows as a parasitic mold on mushrooms, including several species from the genera Mycena, including M. haematopus, M. pura, M. epipterygia, M. leptocephala, and various Collybia species, such as C. alkalivirens, C. luteifolia, C. dryophila, and C. butyracea. It has also been found growing on agaric species in Amanita, Gymnopus, and Hygrophorus.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by German naturalist Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg in 1818 as Mucor rhombosporus, but they later conceded to making a mistake in examining the spores. Link later suggested the name Mucor fusiger for the species, and it has been known under a variety of names, such as Mucor macrocarpus, Phycomyces agaricicola, Spinellus macrocarpus, and Spinellus rhombosporus. It was assigned its current name by French botanist Philippe Édouard Léon Van Tieghem in 1875.
Description
During the reproductive phase of its life cycle, Spinellus fusiger grows throughout the cap of the mushroom host, eventually breaking through to produce radiating reproductive stalks (sporangiophores) bearing minute, spherical, terminal spore-containing structures called sporangia. Ultimately, the spores in the sporangia are released after the breakdown of the outer sporangial wall, becoming passively dispersed to new locations via wind, water, and insects. The sporangia contain non-motile mitospores known as aplanospores. Like other Spinellus species, S. fusiger is homothallic, and sexual spores known as zygospores are produced following the union of branches called gametangia, that arise from the same mycelium.
References
External links
Fungi of Poland Picture of spores
Fungi described in 1824
Zygomycota
Taxa named by Johann Heinrich Friedrich Link
Eupithecia acutipennis is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by George Duryea Hulst in 1898. It is found in the US state of California.
The wingspan is about 22 mm. The forewings are light smoky ocherous. Adults have been recorded on wing from October to April.
References
A
Endemic fauna of California
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1898
Fauna without expected TNC conservation status
Carlos María Collazzi Irazábal, S.D.B. (born 20 September 1947) is the current bishop of Mercedes.
Life
Carlos María Collazzi Irazábal was born in Rosario, Uruguay, on 20 September 1947, and
entered the religious order of the Salesians of Don Bosco and was ordained a priest on 4 October 1980. On 14 February 1995 Pope John Paul II appointed them Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mercedes. They were consecrated a bishop by their predecessor as bishop, Andrés María Rubio Garcia SDB, on 26 March, with the Bishop of Canelones and the Bishop of Florida Raúl Horacio Scarrone Carrero as co-consecrators.
They were elected head of CELAM's economic committee in May 2011.
They visited Chile in December 2011 and January 2012 on behalf of the Vatican to investigate the situation of priests associated with Fernando Karadima, who had been suspended from their priestly functions early in 2011 for the sexual abuse of minors. As a result of their reportedly "superficial" report, the priests received a few hours of additional training.
In November 2015, they were elected for the third time to a three-year term as President of the Episcopal Conference of Uruguay, from April 2016 to April 2019.  They are first vice-president of the Episcopal Conference of Latin America (CELAM) from 2015 to 2019.
References
1947 births
Bishops appointed by Pope John Paul II
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Uruguay
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Uruguay
Salesians of Don Bosco
Living people
Uruguayan Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Mercedes
Lelord Kordel (December 16, 1908 - July 3, 2001) was a Polish American nutritionist and author of books on healthy living. They were consulted by top Hollywood stars and earned several awards, but was fined and imprisoned for making false claims about their products. Kordel promoted a low-carbohydrate high-protein fad diet.
Career
Born in Warsaw, Poland, as a child Lelord Kordel emigrated with their parents to the United States and grew up in Chicago, where their father worked as a baker. After university studies in Chicago, Kordel returned to Poland to continue their studies at the University of Krakow. After completion of their Ph.D. in biochemistry in 1930, they worked for two years as a scientific instructor and as a research assistant to the British physician Sir William Arbuthnot-Lane (1931-1932).
When Kordel returned to America in the early 1930s, they opened the California Nutrition Clinic in Beverly Hills. As an independent researcher and industry consultant, they developed programs for healthy living and pioneered concepts for dietary supplementation. During World War II, they conducted and supervised seminars on nutrition for the war effort and was active in the "Food and Nutrition for Victory" programs, for which they earned several awards.
After the war, Kordel began writing books on healthy living and nutrition. While living in Detroit, Michigan, Kordel traveled widely to educate the public on nutrition and balanced diets. Their teachings and formulations gained a wide circle of followers, including film stars such as Zsa Zsa Gabor, Eva Gabor, Gloria Swanson and Raquel Welch, who sought their advice on staying healthy and looking well.
They created a health product company in 1949, Kordel's Nutritionals. They were also president of Detroit Vital Foods, Inc.
In 1962, Kordel stated that they had never been ill and they would live to the age of 120 because of their diet.
Dieting
Kordel was an advocate of a low-carbohydrate high-protein diet. They campaigned against high carbohydrate and starch foods such as potatoes. They opposed the use of refined carbohydrates such as white flour and white sugar. They recommended eating much protein with a minimum of carbohydrates. They promoted a diet rich in red meats (except pork), fish, poultry, eggs, dairy foods and raw vegetables. They were fond of liver, brewer's yeast, honey, powered skim milk, seeds, wheat germ and yoghurt. They also promoted lecithin as a "miracle nutrient" and high-dosage vitamin supplements.
Kordel criticized vegetarianism in their writings as a danger to health which they believed was responsible for anemia, malnutrition and nutritional deficiencies. They argued that protein is the key to living and that most vegetarians eat a low-protein diet that fails to satisfy hunger.
Kordel made false statements about dieting, for example linking the overconsumption of carbohydrates with cancer. They also made the false claim that vitamin E foods have a beneficial effect on sex organs and that lack of this vitamin may cause sterility.
Reception
In 1946, Kordel was convicted of misbranding dietary supplements and fined $4,000. For example, they falsely advertised a herbal tablet, "Gotu Kola", as offering "erect posture, sharp eyes, velvety skin, limbs of splendid proportions, deep chest, firm bodies, gracefully curved hips, flat abdomens and even pleasing laughter."
Kordel came into dispute with the Federal Trade Commission in 1957 and Food and Drug Administration in 1961. Whilst president of Detroit Vital Foods, products from the company, "Michigan Brand Korleen Tablets" and "Frutex Fruit Salad" were discovered to be misbranded with false health claims. The products were advertised in Kordel's lectures and publications for treating practically all diseases. After a long appeal process, Kordel was fined $10, 000 and served one year in prison in 1971.
Professor of Bioethics Sana Loue in Forensic Epidemiology: Integrating Public Health and Law Enforcement, noted that:
Kordel had consistently represented in lectures and advertising material that specified chemicals could improve health and that such "natural nutrients" were the constituent elements of the products Korleen and Frutex. It was claimed that Korleen could successfully treat cirrhosis of the liver and eliminate varicose veins. Frutex was claimed to be an effective preventive strategy and cure for bleeding gums, sore throat, earache, swollen neck glands, pneumonia, and acute rheumatism. In the criminal case, both Kordel and Feldten were convicted of having violated provisions of the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and were fined and sentenced to prison. A fine was also imposed on the company.
Nutritionist Frederick J. Stare included Kordel's Health Through Nutrition in a list of books on nutritional quackery, which "ought not to be on anyone's shelves". A reviewer of Health Through Nutrition in The Quarterly Review of Biology, wrote that the book is "made up of such a weird concoction of science, pseudo-science, and dietary fads that it will be most difficult for the average reader to sift the authentic information from the unauthenticated claims, and to remain unaffected by the latter."
Publications
Gallery
References
Further reading
Julius Cohen. (1949). United States v. Kordel. In Materials And Problems On Legislation. The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Inc. pp. 109–131
1908 births
2001 deaths
American cookbook writers
American nutritionists
American self-help writers
Critics of vegetarianism
Jagiellonian University alumni
Low-carbohydrate diet advocates
Medical controversies in the United States
People convicted for health fraud
Congress Poland emigrants to the United States
Pseudoscientific diet advocates
Writers from Warsaw
Colaphellus is a genus of Chrysomelinae (a subfamily of leaf beetles).
Species
The genus contains the following species:
Colaphellus alpicola (Warchałowski, 2004)
Colaphellus apicalis (Ménétriés, 1849)
Colaphellus bowringi (Baly, 1865)
Colaphellus foveolatus (Gebler, 1848)
Colaphellus jakutus Machatschke, 1954
Colaphellus joliveti Bechyné, 1954
Colaphellus nitidicollis (Weise, 1889)
Colaphellus palaestinus (Achard, 1923)
Colaphellus pulchellus (H. Lucas, 1846)
Colaphellus pulchellus arabicus (Medvedev, 1996)
Colaphellus pulchellus pulchellus (H. Lucas, 1846)
Colaphellus sophiae (Schaller, 1783)
Colaphellus sophiae amasiae Machatschke, 1954
Colaphellus sophiae hoefti (Ménétriés, 1832)
Colaphellus sophiae sophiae (Schaller, 1783)
Colaphellus sophiae transsylvanicus Machatschke, 1954
Colaphellus tenuipes (Weise, 1883)
Colaphellus zarudnyi Medvedev, 1973
References
Chrysomelidae genera
Chrysomelinae
Taxa named by Julius Weise
Tamás Tóth (born 5 January 1992) is a Hungarian Paralympic swimmer.  They are a Paralympic champion, a three-time World Championships bronze medalist and one-time European champion. They were born with an underdeveloped right hand caused by amniotic band syndrome.
Tóth achieved the Knight's Cross of the Hungarian Order of Merit in 2012 and the Officer's Cross of the Hungarian Order of Merit in 2016 after their success at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and 2016 Summer Paralympics.
References
1992 births
Living people
Swimmers from Budapest
Paralympic swimmers of Hungary
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Medalists at the World Para Swimming European Championships
Knight's Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary (civil)
Officer's Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary (civil)
S9-classified Paralympic swimmers
Ludlum Measurements is an American manufacturer of radiation detection and monitoring equipment such as geiger counters, scintillation counters, scalers, and other radiation detection equipment.
The company is based in Sweetwater, Texas and was founded in 1962 by Don Ludlum (1932-2015) who had previously worked for Eberline, another manufacturer of radiation detectors. The company now employs approximately 475 people and has sales representatives in over 80 countries. The company is widely accepted as the world's best selling radiation detection brand.
References
External links
Company Website
US Chamber of Commerce feature on Ludlum Measurements
News article on Ludlum Measurements
1962 establishments in Texas
Laboratory equipment manufacturers
Manufacturing companies established in 1962
Nolan County, Texas
Chivilcoy is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, the head town of the Chivilcoy Partido. It has 64,185 inhabitants according to the .
Tourism
February Carnivals
In the month of February, a three-day carnival is held over an extended weekend, beginning on Friday and ending on Sunday. During the carnival, local murgas, batucadas, and carnival troupes from other provinces and nearby towns participate and perform.
Alejandro Martija Lakeside Park
At the intersection of RP 30 y RP 51 is the Alejandro Martija lakeside park, a recreational area that includes soccer and volleyball fields, swimming pools, playground equipment, changing rooms, warm showers, and bathrooms. Dedicated campsites and picnic areas are also available, as well as a dock for fishing.
Southern Skies Astronomy Theme Park
The Southern Skies Astronomy theme park is an educational park located on 22 de Octubre Avenue, between the streets Galván and Benítez whose purpose is “to help expand the scientific literacy of the population.” It includes a walking path with a variety of interactive elements, intended to engage visitors and help them experiment, relax, and learn. The main building is of a cylindrical shape, and includes wheelchair access to its rooftop, functioning as an observatory. There is also an arrangement of benches at the park that are oriented such that they can help you identify the constellations present on the night of your birth.
Twin towns
, Menfi, 1999
References
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Populated places established in 1854
Cities in Argentina
1854 establishments in Argentina
Wolf Lake is an lake that straddles the Indiana and Illinois state line near Lake Michigan. It is smaller than it was prior to settlement by European colonizers because of infilling for development around the edges. Despite years of environmental damage caused by heavy industries, transportation infrastructure, urban runoff and filling of wetlands, it is one of the most important biological sites in the Chicago region.
Wolf Lake is located between Hammond, Indiana and the Hegewisch community area of Chicago, Illinois. It was once connected by an open channel to Lake Michigan on the Indiana side of the lake, but this channel was cut off for development on its northern side. Indianapolis Boulevard (U.S. 41) and various railroad and industrial facilities are located in former wetlands on the northeastern side of the lake where it once connected to Lake Michigan. There are currently proposals to reopen a channel between Wolf Lake and Lake Michigan. The Illinois portion of the lake consists of five, interconnected impoundments separated by dikes. The dikes were constructed in the late 1950s so that separate portions of the lake could be drained for the purpose of dredging for fill to use in the construction of the Chicago Skyway. The western impoundments are now part of the William W. Powers State Recreation Area and are drained by Indian Creek to the Calumet River. The Wolf Lake water level determines the drainage to Lake Michigan because the connecting Calumet River flows southward during elevated levels and northward during lowered levels. The Indiana portion of the lake consists of three, interconnected impoundments that are also separated by dikes. The longest dike, running roughly parallel to State Line Road and traversing the entire length of the lake, contains railroad tracks belonging to the Indiana Harbor Belt.
The Indiana Toll Road (Interstate 90) runs through the middle of the lake just inside the Indiana state line. The lake is also transected by a number of railroad causeways, some of them no longer in use. Indiana Harbor Belt Railroad has an active spur line that runs through the Illinois side of the lake in the Hegewisch community area. Calumet Avenue (U.S. 41) is on its eastern side, with a strip of parkland in between. There are currently several large industrial properties adjacent to the lake and on filled wetlands adjoining the lake, including Cargill and Unilever on the north side. Other property near the edge of the lake is being used for housing. A significant portion of the property around the lake is now parkland or nature preserve, including the Eggers Woods parcel of the Forest Preserve District of Cook County.
Other neighboring lakes include Lake George, Lake Calumet, Powderhorn Lake and Lake Michigan. There was also another lake that lay to the west between Wolf Lake and the river. It was called Hyde Lake and was filled in by Republic Steel. A swampy area near 130th Street and the railroad tracks is the only remnant of that lake.
History
Wolf Lake in Illinois has a storied history that somehow has lost track of the origins of the name that goes back over 150 years. Part of this history includes visits by Abraham Lincoln in which Mary Todd Lincoln nearly drowned.
In 1924, the body of Bobby Franks was found in a culvert just northwest of the lake. Franks was the victim of the so-called "thrill killers," Leopold and Loeb – the subjects of what was termed the "Trial of the Century." It's well known that Chicagoland gangsters used to dispose of bodies in this lake system as well.
From 1933 to 1936, Wolf Lake Speedway was located within the lake, in Hammond, Indiana. The track was completely surrounded by the water of Wolf Lake, and a portion of the lake was drained to allow for its construction.
Nike Missile Site (C-44)
During the Cold War, two areas around the lake were used to create Nike missile site C-44, part of an air defense system for Chicago and its heavy industries. It was one of many such sites that formed a ring of defense running from Indiana to Wisconsin.
Both areas were decommissioned in the 1970s and have since been converted into preservation and recreation areas. On the northwest side of the lake, several hundred acres of wetlands were filled with ferrous slag in order to create the actual site for the missiles. This is currently Eggers Woods, part of the Cook County Forest Preserve system. The southwest side of the lake housed the site's radar station and has been converted into the William W. Powers State Recreation Area in Illinois.
Ecology
Wolf Lake, along with the other neighboring lakes, was once among the most biologically diverse places in the Midwest. Eighty years ago, the renowned naturalist Donald Culross Peattie described Wolf Lake as one of North America's preeminent natural areas, "…a famous hunting ground for aquatic wildlife...where the plants form one of the most remarkable assemblages of aquatics in the country...no body of water of equal size can boast such a list." It is still an extremely unusual and diverse area. On August 23, 2002, more than 150 experts in botany, zoology and related ecological fields assembled at Wolf Lake and in the surrounding forest, prairie and marshland to identify and record as many living organisms as possible within a single 24-hour period. The purpose of this undertaking, known as the Calumet Bioblitz, was to document the extraordinary biodiversity of green pockets that have survived within the urban and industrial landscape south of Chicago.
The water in Wolf Lake was about 18 inches higher until 1998 when the Illinois Department of Natural Resources removed several beavers and their dams that had been built across Indian Creek. The subsequent drop in water depth encouraged weed growth and changed fishing conditions. Beaver signs indicate that there are beavers on the lake currently.
Fish
Wolf Lake is home to the endangered Lake sturgeon (Acipenser fulvescens) and the threatened Banded killifish (Fundulus diaphanus).
Birds
The lake and neighboring wetlands provide nesting sites for the endangered black-crowned night heron, little blue heron, yellow-crowned night heron and yellow-headed blackbird. Native Trumpeter (Cygnus buccinator) and Tundra swans (Cygnus columbianus) and non-native Mute swans (Cygnus olor) may all be found on the lake in winter. Tundra swans are absent in summer as they migrate to the arctic and subarctic to nest, however, the non-native, Eurasian Mute swans, which stay in the area year round, compete for habitat with the non-migrating Trumpeter swan population and is an impediment to restoration of the native trumpeters around the Great Lakes.
Flora
The endangered false golden sedge (Carex garberi), little green sedge (Carex viridula) and the threatened marsh speedwell (Veronica scutellata) are plants that grow in the neighboring wetlands. Perhaps the most amazing biological aspect of the lake is its array of rare aquatic plants.
Ecosystem restoration
A $7.25 million ecosystem restoration project for Wolf Lake was carried out by the Chicago District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, with the support of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources and the City of Hammond. Completed in September 2007, the project sought to improve the overall quality of the lake ecosystem for native species. Natural water levels in the lake were restored by clearing channels and creating openings in dikes and causeways. Additional habitat was created by constructing approximately of new aquatic and wetland habitat plantings. Also, approximately of shoreline was restored, deep holes were created to locally diversify the lake bottom, and herbicidal and biological controls were implemented to control aquatic and shoreline exotic and undesirable plant species.
While for many years it was commonplace for park visitors to feed the ducks and other birds that lived at the lake, this produced an unnaturally and unsustainably large population, as well as many non-native birds such as domesticated breeds of ducks and geese. It is no longer permitted that visitors feed wildlife and as a result the populations have dropped to a sustainable and natural population.
See also
William W. Powers State Recreation Area
References
External links
Calumet BioBlitz, from the Field Museum of Chicago.
Calumet BioBlitz, from Chicago Wilderness Magazine.
Eggers Woods and Marsh, from Indiana Audubon Society's Online Birding Guide.
Wetlands of the Calumet Region, from Illinois Chapter of the Sierra Club.
Rarities in the Rough, from Chicago Wilderness Magazine.
Flickr.com images of the Park
Shrunken lakes
Chicago metropolitan area
Geography of Chicago
Hammond, Indiana
Lakes of Indiana
Lakes of Illinois
Bodies of water of Lake County, Indiana
Cross-domain interoperability exists when organizations or systems from different domains interact in information exchange, services, and/or goods to achieve their own or common goals. Interoperability is the method of systems working together (inter-operate). A domain in this instance is a community with its related infrastructure, bound by common purpose and interests, with consistent mutual interactions or rules of engagement that is separable from other communities by social, technical, linguistic, professional, legal or sovereignty related boundaries. The capability of cross-domain interoperability is becoming increasingly important as business and government operations become more global and interdependent. Cross-domain interoperability enables synergy, extends product utility and enables users to be more effective and successful within their own domains and the combined effort.
Cross-domain interoperability is characterized by common understanding and agreements on both sides of a domain boundary that enable individual organizations to tailor or make their products, assets or services interoperable within the larger community. Each participant accepts and enforces use of mutual, domain-wide or worldwide standards and interface protocols. Consequently, cross-domain interfaces may not be under the control of any single element or authority -- unlike an integrated system-of-systems environment where one domain or its authority may control the interfaces to be used between domains.
Two examples of activities that can benefit when information systems are interoperable across domains are disaster response work (such as the 2013 typhoon relief in the Philippines) and multi-national peacekeeping missions (such as the Allied Forces support of France during the 2012-2013 conflict in Mali). Another effort where cross-domain interoperability will be critical to overall success is implementation of the U.S. Affordable Care Act, in which federal and state governments, insurance companies and healthcare providers perform their individual functions using a variety of networks and divergent computer platforms – an interoperable environment will enable participants in these different domains to effectively exchange information and perform their essential services, while protecting the privacy and rights of individual patients during the exchange. The healthcare-related community has begun to focus on establishing cross-domain interoperability, but not yet on a large-scale basis.
Cloud computing promotes communication and collaboration, but connecting to the Internet and migrating information to a cloud or group of clouds does not guarantee cross-domain interoperability. Just because the organizations are all connected to the Internet does not mean that cross-domain interoperability automatically happens. Eliminating technological barriers and enabling information sharing and collaboration involves not only designing and building computer programs and environments so they interoperate, but also having cooperative agreements in place regarding management and administrative policies governing issues such as security, user identification, trust and information assurance. Internal policies and government regulations also have an impact and can either promote or impede cross-domain interoperability. To establish cross-domain interoperability, there needs to be a spirit of cooperation among the different participants, and domains must have agreed-to standards, translations and other interface conversions that enable each entity to exchange information and extract the data it needs in order to perform its role and to contribute knowledge that adds value to the overall mission.
A number of organizations, businesses, and institutions work on the technology and policies to make cross-domain interoperability a reality, including National Institute of Standards and Technology, United States Department of Defense, NATO, and Network Centric Operations Industry Consortium (NCOIC). NCOIC has a number of resources for government and industry to foster cross-domain interoperability, including the open process, NCOIC Rapid Response Capability (NRRC™), which was first designed for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
References
Interoperability
The grey bush chat (Saxicola ferreus) is a species of passerine bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is found in the Himalayas, southern China, Taiwan, Nepal and mainland Southeast Asia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the grey bush chat
grey bush chat
Birds of China
Birds of Taiwan
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Southeast Asia
grey bush chat
grey bush chat
grey bush chat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Clubhouse is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dexter Gordon. It was recorded in 1965, but not released until 1979 by Blue Note Records.
Critical reception
Robert Christgau of The Village Voice called Clubhouse "superb" and "mature late bebop". Allmusic's Scott Yanow gave the album three out of five stars and stated, "It is excellent music if not quite essential".
Track listing
All compositions by Dexter Gordon, except where noted.
"Hanky Panky" – 6:32
"I'm a Fool to Want You" (Joel Herron, Frank Sinatra, Jack Wolf) – 6:43
"Devilette" (Ben Tucker) – 7:05
"Clubhouse" – 7:33
"Lady Iris B." (Rudy Stevenson) – 5:41
"Jodi" – 5:40
Source:
Personnel
Dexter Gordon – tenor saxophone
Freddie Hubbard – trumpet (tracks 1–5)
Barry Harris – piano
Bob Cranshaw – bass (tracks 1, 2, 4–6)
Ben Tucker – bass (track 3)
Billy Higgins – drums
Source:
References
External links
Blue Note Records albums
Dexter Gordon albums
1979 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Bon La (, also Romanized as Bon Lā) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Appius Claudius Pulcher (died 211 BC) was a Roman general and politician of the 3rd century BC, active in the Second Punic War.
Family
They were the son of Publius Claudius Pulcher (consul 249 BC), and the father of Appius Claudius Pulcher (consul 185 BC), Publius Claudius Pulcher (consul 184 BC), and Gaius Claudius Pulcher (consul 177 BC). Their daughter, Claudia, married Pacuvius Calavius, the chief magistrate of Capua in 217 BC.
Career
In 217 BC, Claudius was an aedile. In the following year, they were a military tribune and fought at Cannae. Together with Publius Cornelius Scipio, they were raised to the supreme command by the troops who had fled to Canusium. In 215 BC, they were created a praetor, and conducted the survivors of the defeated army into Sicily, where their efforts to detach Hieronymus, the grandson of Hiero II, from their connection with the Carthaginians, were unsuccessful. They remained in Sicily the following year as propraetor and legatus to Marcus Claudius Marcellus, having charge of the fleet and the camp at Leontini. In 212 BC, they were elected consul, and in conjunction with their colleague Quintus Fulvius Flaccus undertook the siege of Capua. At the close of their year of office, in pursuance of a decree of the Senate, they went to Rome and created two new consuls. Their own command was prolonged another year. In the battle against Hannibal's forces before Capua, they received a wound from whose effects they died shortly after the surrender of the city. They ineffectually opposed the infliction of the sanguinary vengeance that Fulvius took on the Capuans.
In popular culture
Appius Claudius Pulcher was played by Dimitri Diatchenko in the 2006 film The Secret Under the Rose.
Notes
References
This entry incorporates public domain text originally from:
William Smith (ed.), Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, 1870.
211 BC deaths
3rd-century BC Roman consuls
3rd-century BC Roman praetors
Curule aediles
Appius consul 542 AUC
Roman commanders of the Second Punic War
Year of birth unknown
Scopula monosema is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Kashmir.
References
Moths described in 1923
monosema
Moths of Asia
Bloomberg Technology, formerly called Bloomberg West, is an American television show produced by Bloomberg Television. Andy Lack, chief executive officer (CEO) of Bloomberg Media Group launched Bloomberg West in 2011.
The show focused on the topics of technology, innovation, and business and was hosted by Emily Chang and Cory Johnson.
Before coming to Bloomberg Television, Chang was a CNN television host in Beijing. Co-host Cory Johnson, ran a hedge fund and reported on Silicon Valley for CNBC before joining Bloomberg Television.
From its start in 2011, the show has been recorded in Bloomberg's San Francisco studio and aired daily at 6:00pm EST.
Bloomberg West was named Bloomberg Technology as part of the launch of Bloomberg Technology as a "multi-platform brand" on October 5, 2016.
References
External links
Business-related television series
Technology
2011 American television series debuts
West Yangoru Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Kumun
02. Kumbuhun
03. Wihun (Boinam)
04. Himbruolye/Buki
05. Alisu
06. Bonahitam
07. Koboibus
08. Yabamunu
09. Kuragumun
10. Bukitu
11. Wingei 1
12. Wingei 2
13. Bepandu
14. Yekingen & Belmo
15. Sara
16. Holik
17. Nindibolye
18. Kwaian
19. Duningi
20. Miambauru
21. Nambari
22. Malapaem
23. Ilipaem
24. Guningi
25. Nimbihu
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
James S. Nolan (June 9, 1927 – April 19, 1983) was an American professional basketball player. Nolan was selected in the second round of the 1949 BAA Draft by the Philadelphia Warriors. They played for the Warriors for just five games in the 1949–50 NBA season and recorded totals of eight points and four assists. They played college basketball and football at Georgia Institute of Technology. They later returned to Georgia and started a coaching career leading the Tech Freshman Basketball team from 1955 to 1957, then became the Lanier football coach in the early 1960's.  They are a member of Georgia Sports Hall of Fame and the Georgia Tech Athletic Hall of Fame.
References
1927 births
1983 deaths
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Centers (basketball)
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball players
Philadelphia Warriors draft picks
Philadelphia Warriors players
Sportspeople from Macon, Georgia
The 2/24th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army, which served during World War II. A unit of the all-volunteer Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF), it was formed in July 1940 from primarily Victorian volunteers and was known as "Wangaratta's Own" because of the time the battalion spent in the town during its formative period prior to deployment overseas. It served in North Africa in 1941–1942 as part of the 26th Brigade, which was assigned to the 7th Division, before being reassigned to the 9th Division. In early 1943, the battalion returned to Australia and later took part in campaigns against the Japanese in New Guinea in 1943–1944 and Borneo in 1945, before being disbanded in 1946. The 2/24th suffered the highest number of battle casualties of any 2nd AIF infantry battalion.
History
Formation and service in the Middle East
Assigned to the 26th Brigade along with the 2/23rd and 2/48th Battalions, the 2/24th Battalion was established in Caufield, in July 1940. The battalion's first commanding officer was Lieutenant Colonel Allan Spowers, an Australian officer that had served in the British Army during World War I. Part of the all volunteer Second Australian Imperial Force, which was raised for overseas service during the war, the majority of the battalion's initial intake of personnel came from the state of Victoria. The colours initially chosen for the battalion's unit colour patch (UCP) were the same as those of the 24th Battalion, a unit which had served during World War I before being raised as a Militia formation in 1921. These colours were white over red, in a diamond shape, although a border of gray was added to the UCP to distinguish the battalion from its Militia counterpart; this was later changed, though, following the unit's involvement in the fighting during the Siege of Tobruk, as a result of which it was entitled to adopted a 'T'-shaped UCP.
With an authorised strength of around 900 personnel, like other Australian infantry battalions of the time, the battalion was formed around a nucleus of four rifle companies – designated 'A' through to 'D' – each consisting of three platoons. After formation, the battalion was moved to Wangaratta, where it remained until its training facilities were ready in Bonegilla. Because of its time in Wangaratta, it became colloquially known as "Wangaratta's Own". Training was undertaken at Bonegilla, before the battalion was deployed to the Middle East, departing in November 1940, aboard the transport ship HMT Strathmore.
After arriving in the Middle East, the 26th Brigade was reassigned from the 7th Division to the 9th and, after completing further training in Cyrenaica, the battalion subsequently saw action for the first time around Tobruk in April 1941, after the strategically important port was placed under siege by German forces. The battalion remained there for eight months, occupying various positions around the perimeter before they were withdrawn by sea in late October 1941 along with the majority of the 9th Division. A period of garrison duties followed in Palestine and Syria before the 9th Division was hastily moved to El Alamein in response to a German advance through the desert towards Egypt. The 2/24th was subsequently heavily involved in both the First and Second Battles of El Alamein between July and November 1942. During the first battle, the battalion fought to secure Tel el Eisa where they captured a German intelligence unit; during the second battle the 2/24th advanced from Tel el Eisa towards the sea, amidst fierce fighting around a position dubbed the "Saucer".
Fighting in the Pacific
In December 1942, the 9th Division was concentrated in Palestine, following a decision to return it to Australia to take part in the fighting against the Japanese. The 2/24th subsequently sailed in early January 1943, making landfall in Melbourne the following month. They subsequently moved by train to Kairi on the Atherton Tablelands in Far North Queensland. For the majority of 1943, the battalion underwent a period of intense training as it was prepared for the rigours of jungle warfare. This saw the battalion re-organised in line with the jungle division establishment. In September, the 2/24th went into action again, taking part in an amphibious landing to advance on Lae, in New Guinea. The operation was quickly concluded and as the Australians sought to follow up the retreating Japanese, a further landing was made on the Huon Peninsula later in September. The 2/24th subsequently took part in actions around Finschhafen and then the assault on Sattelberg. They took part in the subsequent advance north to Wareo, during which they were mainly used to carry stores and ammunition, before being released from this task and taking part in the fighting around the Christmas Hills. They were transported back to Australia for rest in early 1944.
For over a year the 2/24th remained in Australia training on the Atherton Tablelands, waiting for further employment in the Pacific. During this time, the battalion received a large number of reinforcements, many of whom had previously served with the 6th Machine Gun Battalion, which had served in New Guinea prior to being disbanded. Finally, in April 1945 they were committed to Operation Oboe, the Allied campaign to retake Borneo and Java. After force concentrating the 7th and 9th Divisions on Morotai Island, the plan called for several landings around Borneo and its surrounding areas. The 26th Brigade's part in the operation was to capture the island of Tarakan. The main landing came on 1 May, during which the 2/24th formed the brigade's reserve. After the success of the initial landing, the 2/24th was committed to the fighting to secure the airfield on 2 May, but heavy fighting ensued as the Japanese defenders fought to hold on to the strategically important position, and the 2/24th were held up until 5 May. Following this, the battalion pushed into the rugged terrain inland, fighting a series of actions to secure the high ground overlooking the township. This fighting lasted up until 20 June, when Hill 90 was finally taken by the 2/24th. Mopping up operations followed as the battalion worked to clear Japanese stragglers from the oilfields to the north.
Disbandment
Following the end of hostilities in August 1945, the battalion's personnel were slowly transferred to other units for further service, or repatriated back to Australia for demobilisation. The remaining cadre sailed back to Australia in December 1945, and the battalion ceased to exist in early 1946, when its last remaining personnel marched out from Puckapunyal. A total of approximately 3,415 men served in the battalion throughout its existence. The battalion's casualties throughout the war amounted to 360 killed and 900 wounded; this was more than any other 2nd AIF infantry battalion.
Decorations awarded to 2/24th personnel included: four Distinguished Service Orders with one Bar, 12 Military Crosses, eight Distinguished Conduct Medals, 21 Military Medals, one British Empire Medal, five Efficiency Decorations and 35 Mentions in Despatches. In addition, two members of the battalion were appointed Officers of the Order of the British Empire and three were invested as Members of the Order of the British Empire.
Battle honours
The 2/24th Battalion received the following battle honours:
Busu River, Sattelberg, Wareo, Wareo–Lakona, Tarakan, Tel el Eisa, North Africa 1941–42, Defence of Tobruk, The Salient 1941, Defence of Alamein Line, El Alamein, South-West Pacific 1943–45, Lae–Nadzab, Finschhafen, Liberation of Australian New Guinea and Borneo.
Commanding officers
The following officers served as commanding officer of the 2/24th:
Lieutenant Colonel Allan Spowers (1940–1942)
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Gladstone Weir (1942);
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hector Finlay (1942–1943);
Lieutenant Colonel Andrew Basil Gillespie (1943–1945); and
Lieutenant Colonel George Radford Warfe (1945–1946).
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
24
24
24
24
This is the videography by South Korean six-member boy band Shinhwa. Formed in 1998 under SM Entertainment, the band consists of Eric Mun, Lee Min-woo, Kim Dong-wan, Shin Hye-sung, Jun Jin and Andy Lee. They moved to Good Entertainment in July 2003, upon the expiration of their contract. In 2011, after a four-year hiatus, during which they served individual mandatory military services, they formed the Shinhwa Company to continue to perform together. This list the official music videos released by SM Entertainment, Good Entertainment and Shinhwa Company.
Music videos
Video albums
Concert tour videos
Documentaries
Music video compilations
Notes
A There are no publicly available records for Japan's Oricon chart prior to mid-2005.
B These songs, originally titled in Korean, have no official English titles. Therefore, the translations provided here may differ from those in other sources.
References
External links
Shincom Entertainment official YouTube Channel
Videographies of South Korean artists
Videography
Z Unit may refer to:
The Royal Air Force component active during the Somaliland campaign (1920) between British forces and Somaliland dervishes, also known as "Z Force"
Z Special Unit, an Australian-British-New Zealand commando unit in the South West Pacific theatre, also known as "Z Force"
Minhla Township is a township in Tharrawaddy District in the Bago Region of Burma (Myanmar). The principal town is Minhla. In 1908 it was reported that the township covered an area of and in 1901 had a total population of 42, 120, with 2553 people in the main town. Minhla was occupied during the Third Anglo-Burmese War. The township is hilly, and is inhabited by the Arakan Yoma.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Tharrawaddy District
The 2012 Tarleton State Texans football represents Tarleton State University in the 2012 NCAA Division II football season as a member of the Lone Star Conference.
Schedule
References
Tarleton State
Tarleton State Texans football seasons
Tarleton State Texans football
Sven Selka (born 23 February 1996), known by their alias INHUMAN (stylised in all caps), formerly Code:Pandorum and Static:Reset, is a German musician, record producer, and salesperson.  They are credited with being one of the pioneers of "deathstep" music and the incorporation of orchestral music into dubstep. They have also done numerous remixes for other artists such as Riot Ten, Modestep, and Apashe.
Early life
Selka first began music production in 5th grade, when a friend introduced them to FL Studio, and first began electronic music and heavy metal music, but when they discovered dubstep when they were 14, they started to take influence from the style. They were inspired by artists such as Borgore, Bratkilla, Mantis, and Sadhu.
Music career
Later, they began producing in the early deathstep music scene under the name Static:Reset, their first official release was in 2013, an EP titled Profanity. Then, in 2014, they changed their name to Code:Pandorum with the release of the Tears of Kali EP. In 2016, they released their debut album, God LP and a later reissue called God's Army. In 2021, they changed their name from Code:Pandorum to Inhuman with a single called "Rapture". Inhuman has also been the founder and CEO of independent label Crowsnest Audio, co-founded with Lord Swan3x and TenGraphs. Crowsnest Audio was founded on 2016 in Germany.
Musical style
While their music is typically referred to as "deathstep" and they are affiliated with the deathstep music circle, Selka has stated they would not describe their music as "deathstep" due to the prevalence of melodic dubstep throughout their music, and has transitioned into more melodic dubstep after changing from Code:Pandorum to INHUMAN. Their musical style is described as dark dubstep with orchestral elements such as sampling of church choir and classical music to create pre-bass drop tension. They have states that their music is akin to a horror film, and their music stages resemble plot stages: they create a dark atmosphere (exposition), then the bass drop approaches, (building tension), and then the bass drop initiates (climax).
Influence
INHUMAN has been a large influence on dubstep music and inspired deathstep artists such as TenGraphs, Lord Swan3x, and FaceSplit. In the early 2010s, deathstep's origin, it was an underground dubstep subgenre, but INHUMAN popularised deathstep styles into mainstream with their albums.
Naming
From 2014 to 2021, INHUMAN's alias was Code:Pandorum, a name inspired by the film of the same name, and the colon stylisation was from INHUMAN's 2013 to 2014 alias Static:Reset (on advice from fellow musician Bratkilla). There is no known meaning for the names Static:Reset or INHUMAN.
Discography
INHUMAN (formerly Static:Reset and Code:Pandorum) is a German DJ that has made 8 total albums, 10 EPs, 20 singles, 6 music videos, and 25 remixes.
EPs
Released as Static:Reset
Profanity (2013)
Warriors (2013)
Released as Code:Pandorum
Tears of Kali (2014)
The Order (2014)
Lunatic (2015)
Chosen (2016)
Inquisition (2016)
Outclass (2018)
Penumbra (2019)
Road to AOTD (2020)
Brotherhood (2020)
Released as INHUMAN
DAMNATION_TAPES, VOL 1 (2022)
COLLISION I (2022)
BLACK_MASS (2022)
LPs
Released as Code:Pandorum
GOD LP (2016)
The Lovecraftian Horrors (2017)
Videodrome (2018)
Art Of The Devil (2020)
Studio albums
All studio albums are released under the former name Code:Pandorum.
GOD LP (2016)
The Lovecraftian Horrors (2017)
Videodrome (2018)
Art of the Devil (2020)
Compilation albums
All compilation albums are released under the name Code:Pandorum, on behalf the Crowsnest Audio record label (owned and founded by INHUMAN).
Kill List (2016)
Crowsnest Elite #1 (2017)
Leviathan Ch. 1 (2019)
Crowsnest Elite #2 (2019)
Leviathan Ch. 2 (2020)
Crowsnest Elite #3 (2020)
Crowsnest Elite #4 (2021)
Singles
Released as Code:Pandorum
"The Neon Demon" (2017)
"Run It" (2018)
"The Devils" (2019)
"Sweet Dreams" (featuring SnoWhite) (2019)
"Art of the Devil" (2020)
"Purpose" (2020)
"Fade to Black" (featuring Vulgatron) (2020)
"Streets of Rage" (featuring Kid Bookie) (2020)
"Eclipse" (featuring SnoWhite) (2020)
"Utopia" (featuring FaceSplit) (2020)
"High Tension" (featuring Twisted Insane) (2020)
"Sadako" (2020)
"Overlord" (featuring Axen) (2020)
"Everyone's the Same" (featuring Qoiet) (2020)
"Burn" (featuring Mantis) (2020)
"Colossus" (featuring FaceSplit and Adrift) (2020)
"The Executioner" (featuring Vulgatron) (2021)
Released as INHUMAN
"Rapture" (featuring OMAS, Les Gold, and SnoWhite) (2021)
"Vagabond" (2021)
"Quicksand" (featuring The Anix) (2021)
"Cycles" (2021)
Music videos
All music videos have been released under the Code:Pandorum name.
Art of the Devil (2020)
Purpose (2020)
Fade to Black (featuring Vulgatron) (2020)
Eclipse (featuring SnoWhite) (2020)
Existence (2020)
The Executioner (featuring Vulgatron) (2021)
References
German male musicians
Living people
1996 births
Two referendums on United Nations membership applications were held in Taiwan on 22 March 2008, the same day as the presidential elections.
The first referendum question, supported by the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) of President Chen Shui-bian, asked whether voters agree that the government should seek United Nations membership under the name "Taiwan". The second referendum question, supported by the Kuomintang (KMT), which on the same day won the presidential election, asked whether voters supported "our nation" seeking to "return" to the United Nations and join other international organisations under "flexible and practical strategies", including joining as "Republic of China", "Taiwan", or any other name that aids success and national dignity.
Although large majorities voted in favour of both proposals, the referendums were invalidated as voter turnout was just 36%, well below the 50% required. In contrast, the simultaneous presidential elections had a turnout of 76%.
Questions
Proposal 5
Proposal 5 was initiated by Yu Shyi-kun, former Premier and chairperson of the Democratic Progressive Party. The topic was "Application to become a new member of the United Nations under the name “Taiwan”"
Proposal 6
Proposal 6 was first initiated by Vincent Siew, former Premier and Vice President.
Campaign
Although the proposals referendums were both supported by one of the two major parties in Taiwan, they were both formally voter-initiated, rather than government-sponsored. While the KMT initiated one of the two referendums, it encouraged its voters to the least boycott the DPP-initiated referendum, and expressed understanding if supporters chose to boycott both referendums. Although KMT officials such as presidential candidate Ma Ying-jeou and chairperson Wu Po-hsiung received ballot papers for the KMT-sponsored referendum, their family and other KMT officials, such as chairperson emeritus Lien Chan refused to take ballot papers for either referendum. Former president Lee Teng-hui did not take either ballot paper, which they said was because they "forgot" to bring the documentation, although reporters at the scene pointed out to them that they did not need documentation to vote. DPP officials, including president Chen Shui-bian, called on voters to vote in both referendums.
Opinion polls
Referendum on applying for United Nations membership under the name of "Taiwan"
Referendum on flexible participation in international organizations
Results
Reactions
: The United States Department of State has stated that it opposed a referendum on membership in the United Nations. While it strongly supports Taiwan's democratic development and is not opposed to referendums in principle, it is against "any initiative that appears designed to change Taiwan's status unilaterally." In September 2007, Zogby International conducted an opinion poll on the support of this referendum, the result shows over 61% of Americans believe that the US government should support the referendum.
: A Japanese company also conducted a poll on the same issue; the result shows over 74% Japanese support Taiwan's entry into the UN, and over 81% support the referendum. However, this referendum has not become a major political issue in either the United States or Japan.
: China made relatively few comments on the issue. It argued that the referendum would "endanger peace and stability across the Strait and the Asia-Pacific region.", and was "pinning hope on the Taiwan people" and will keep promoting cross-Strait exchanges to strengthen opposition to secessionist forces. It had stated that it appreciated the US opposition to the referendum. After the referendums were defeated due to low voter turnout, the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China commented that the results showed the lack of popular support for independence in Taiwan. The Bureau also expressed optimism for the two governments to work together to maintain cross-strait peace and aid development in future.
President Chen Shui-bian accused both the United States and the European Union of caving into Chinese pressure over the referendum.
References
External links
official press kit for the Republic of China United Nations membership referendum, 2008
Taiwan's UN Dilemma: To Be or Not To Be (Brookings Institution)
United Nations membership referendums
2008 referendums
2008 United Nations membership referendums
China and the United Nations
Taiwan and the United Nations
Zheng Xingjuan (born March 20, 1989, in Fuqing, Fujian, PR China) is a Chinese high jumper.
Career
They started their international career at the 2005 World Championships without reaching the final. In 2006, they won the silver medal at the World Junior Championships and the bronze medal at the Asian Games.
They won the high jump event at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships in Guangzhou and again at the 2011 event in Kobe. Further they ended 5th at the 2010 World Indoor Championships in Doha and 6th at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu (5th after competitor disqualification).
Progression
They had some progression in their personal best over the last seasons. Them outdoor best is 1.95 m which they crossed first in 2009 in Jinan and again in 2011 at the Daegu world championships. Indoors they have jumped 1.94 m at the world championships in Doha. The Chinese record is currently held by Jin Ling with 1.97 metres.
Achievements
References
1989 births
Living people
Chinese female high jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of China
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes from Fujian
Sportspeople from Fuzhou
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Asian Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Colonel Johnson Harris (not to be confused with Cyrus Harris of the Chickasaw Nation) (born April 19, 1856) was a native American politician. Their father was White and their mother was Cherokee. Harris' public life began with their election to the Cherokee senate in 1881. On the death of J. B. Mayes, they were appointed by council as Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation in Indian Territory, from 1891 to 1895.
References
Year of death missing
1856 births
Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation (1794–1907)
The A23 is a major road in Kenya linking the towns of Voi and Taveta, before crossing the Tanzanian border (where it ceases to be classified as the A23) and serving the towns of Moshi and Arusha. The Taveta branch of the Uganda Railway runs along the road.
Towns
The following towns, listed from east towards the west, are located along the highway.
Voi (junction to A109 road)
Mwatate
Bura
Mashoti
Maktau
Mbuyuni
Taveta (border town to Tanzania)
See also
Trans-African Highway network
References
Roads in Kenya
Shareef Abdul-Kadhim Masabih Al-Imari (born 7 June 1996) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya in the Iraqi Premier League.
International career
On 26 November 2019, Shareef made their first international cap with Iraq against Qatar in the 24th Arabian Gulf Cup.
Honours
Club
Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
Iraqi Premier League: 2020–21
Iraq FA Cup: 2020–21
References
External links
https://www.worldfootball.net/player_summary/shareef-abdulkadhim/
1996 births
Living people
Iraqi footballers
Iraq international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya players
People from Nasiriyah
Kahnuiyeh or Kahnuyeh or Kahnowyeh () may refer to:
Kahnuyeh, Khonj, Fars Province
Kahnuyeh, Lamerd, Fars Province
Kahnuiyeh, Isfahan
William Bonfield CBE, FREng, FRS (born 6 March 1937) is a British material scientist, and Emeritus Professor of Medical Materials in the University of Cambridge.
Life
They earned a BSc with First Class Honours, and PhD at Imperial College, London.
They were a Senior Research Scientist at the Honeywell Research Center from 1961 to 1968. They taught at Queen Mary College, becoming the Chairman of the School of Engineering, and Dean of Engineering.
They were Director of the University of London Interdisciplinary Research Centre (IRC) in Biomedical Materials. In 1991 they were awarded the A. A. Griffith Medal and Prize.
They were Professor of Medical Materials, at the University of Cambridge.
They directed the Cambridge Centre for Medical Materials, and the Pfizer Institute of Pharmaceutical Materials Science.
References
External links
William Bonfield on Debrett's People of Today
Cambridge Centre for Medical Materials. William Bonfield is a current group member.
UCL
1937 births
British materials scientists
Alumni of Imperial College London
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Living people
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Missouri Route 138 is a short highway (about one mile) in southern Buchanan County, Missouri, United States. Its eastern terminus is at Route 45/Route 273 north of Iatan. Its western terminus is in Lewis and Clark State Park. There are no towns on the highway.
Route description
Route 138 begins on the south shore of Lewis and Clark Lake in the community of Lewis and Clark Village within Lewis and Clark State Park, where the road continues east as Lake Shore Drive. From the beginning point, the route heads southwest on two-lane undivided Lake Shore Drive, passing fields and woods in the state park. The road turns to the east and becomes Lakecrest Boulevard, intersecting Lake Shore Drive again. Route 138 comes to its eastern terminus at an intersection with Route 45/Route 273.
Major intersections
References
138
Transportation in Buchanan County, Missouri
Sir John William de la Pole, 6th Baronet (26 June 1757 – 30 November 1799) of Shute in the parish of Colyton, Devon, was a Member of Parliament for the rotten borough of West Looe. In 1791 they published, under the title Collections Towards a Description of the County of Devon, the researches on the history and genealogy of Devonshire made by their ancestor the antiquary Sir William Pole (d.1635), which they did not publish in their lifetime and which were enlarged by their son Sir John Pole, 1st Baronet, but which were partly destroyed during the Civil War at Colcombe Castle.
Origins
They were born on 26 June 1757, the son of Sir John Pole, 5th Baronet (c.1733–1760) by their first wife Elizabeth Mills (d.1758), daughter and co-heiress of John Mills, a banker and planter of St. Kitts, West Indies and Woodford, Essex. Thus they lost both their parents when a small infant, their mother when they were aged 1 and their 27-year-old father at the age of 3. They assumed the surname of de la Pole by royal sign manual.
Career
They were educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and appointed High Sheriff of Devon for 1782.
They represented the constituency of West Looe in Parliament from 1790 to 1796. They were listed as hostile to the repeal of the Test Act in 1791.
Builds New Shute House
Pole's greatest legacy apart from the collation and publication of the historical researches of their ancestor Sir William Pole (d.1635), is their building between 1787 and 1789 of New Shute House, an Adam style late Palladian country house near the mediaeval and Tudor Old Shute House, Colyton, Devon, purchased by their ancestor William Pole (1515–1587). It was designed and built by Thomas Parlby, their father-in-law's partner in their civil engineering business. The house remained the principal seat of the family until the death in 1926 of the unmarried and childless Sir Frederick Arundel de la Pole, 11th Baronet (1850–1926), great-grandson of the builder. They bequeathed the entire Shute Estate to their distant young cousin Sir John Carew-Pole of Antony House in Cornwall, descended from Carolus Pole, the younger brother of the 4th Baronet. In 1926 to meet the heavy death duties the house was let and its contents were sold at auction. It became a girls' school between 1933 and 1974, and was then turned together with its stables and wings into eight separate apartments. The main block, converted into two vertically divided residences is in 2012 again a single residence. old Shute House was retained by Sir John Carew-Pole until 1955 when they gave it to the National Trust on the proviso that members of their wider family would remain tenants, which they did until 2008.
Marriage
They married Anne Templer (1758–1832) the daughter of James I Templer (1722–1782) of Stover House, Teigngrace, Devon, a self-made magnate who had made their fortune building dockyards under government contracts. Them mother was Mary Parlby (d.1784), the sister of Thomas Parlby (1727–1802) of Stone Hall, Stonehouse, in Plymouth, business partner of James Templer. The famous and immensely valuable portrait of Anne Templer painted by George Romney is now at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
Templer family
James I Templer (1722–1782), father of Anne, was a self-made magnate. They were born in Exeter of a humble family, the son of Thomas Templer a brazier. They were orphaned young, whereupon their elder brother apprenticed them to John Bickley, a carpenter or architect of Exeter. They broke their indenture and set off for India where they made a fortune, either from government building contracts or possibly from dealing in silver bullion, before returning to England aged 23. They settled at Rotherhithe, Kent, where they obtained a government contract to re-build the dockyard with their partners John Line and Thomas Parlby. They married Mary Parlby (d.1784), the sister of their business partner and daughter of John Parlby of Chatham, Kent. They obtained with their partners in about 1760 the contract to rebuild Plymouth docks, for which they used granite from Haytor, and moved to Devon. In 1763 they obtained a grant of arms from the College of Arms, and in 1765 purchased the manor of Teignrace and Stover Lodge, which in 1780 they re-built in grander form on a nearby site. They died in 1782 and is commemorated by a monument in Teignrace Church, rebuilt in 1786 by their sons. Pevsner thought highly of this family stating: "The Templers were people of taste, as is clear from the building and their monuments". Their son James Templer (1748–1813) built the Stover Canal in 1792 to help ship clay along the Teign Estuary from the Bovey Basin to the port of Teignmouth. Coal, manure and agricultural produce was also freighted along the canal. Granite from Hay Tor was used to build Stover House which was completed by 1792. By 1820 a granite tramway, which had rails cut from granite, was opened connecting the granite quarries of Haytor to the canal. This enabled large quantities of granite to be transported for major works like the new London Bridge which opened in 1825. George Templer (1755–1819), son of James Templer (Senior) and brother of Rev. John Templer, rector of Teigngrace, was the father of Sophia-Anne Templer, wife of their first cousin Sir William Templer-Pole, 7th Baronet (1782–1847). George Templer however overspent their resources and was forced to sell Stover House, Stover Canal, the Haytor Granite Tramway and most of the rest of the family's considerable estates to Edward St Maur, 11th Duke of Somerset, in 1829, in whose family it remained until 1921. In 1932 it became the Stover Girls' School, which occupies it still in 2012.
Monument to wife
The mural monument to Lady Anne Pole (née Templer) (1758–1832), wife of Sir John de la Pole, in Shute Church is inscribed as follows:
The mortal remains of Anne, widow of John William de la Pole, sixth baronet in descent, are consigned to the resting place of their kindred within these hallowed walls in the sure and certain hope of that perfect consummation and bliss both in body and soul which the Lord Jesus Christ hath prepared for them that love him. If purity of life can proceed from purity of heart alone they will be blessed in seeing God. If they who consider the poor and needy are blessed, the face of the Lord will not be turned away from them The last days of their life were devoted to smoothing the pillow of mortal sickness for their beloved brother the Reverend John Templer. They died at Lindridge House in this county on Sunday the 5th day of February MDCCCXXXII aged 81 years and under the same roof on the ensuing Sabbath unable to endure their irreparable loss they followed them to the land of eternal rest in the 74th year of their age
Children
By Anne Templer they had the following children:
Sir William de la Pole, 7th Baronet (1782–1847)
Mary Anne de la Pole (b.1783), married Mr West
John George de la Pole (1786–1803)
A 1793 painting by Thomas Beach of these three children in a group exists at Antony House, Cornwall.
Death and burial
They died on 30 November 1799. Their will directed that they should not be removed from their house till the clearest and most unequivocal signs of death appear, to be ascertained by six persons.
Monument in Shute Church
A marble mural monument in their memory exists in Shute Church, signed "P.Rouw sculp. London", by Peter Rouw. It consists of an inscribed tablet flanked on either side by a fasces supporting an entablature on top of which, above their coat of arms, is a classical oil-lamp with flame:
Sacred to the memory of Sir John William de la Pole Baronet of Shute House in the county of Devon, Lieut. Colonel of the Royal East Devon Cavalry, who departed this life on the 30th November 1799 in the 42nd year of their age. They were endowed with brilliant and vigorous talents which were cultivated with great care and improvement in the colleges of Winton and Corpus Christi in Oxon. Impressed with a deep sense of loyalty for their sovereign and an ardent attachment to the constitution of their country they strictly maintained justice and peace and good order within the sphere of their influence and authority, in emulation of their great ancestor who in reward of their military services obtained an hereditary title for their family from the hands of King Charles the First. They excited their neighbours to the national defence against the dangers of a threatened invasion. They rebuilt the dilapidated mansion of their forefathers and delighted to reside in the place of their nativity where with manners frank and courteous and sincere they received their friends with liberal hospitality, and relieved the indigent with unbounded charity. In the relations of private and domestic life they discharged the duties and exemplified the character of a faithful and tender husband the affectionate parent, the zealous friend and benevolent neighbour, the useful citizen and the pious Christian.
References
Sources
Thorne, R. G., History of Parliament: House of Commons 1790–1820, Vol. 3
Turner, Maureen A., The Building of New Shute House 1787–1790, MA dissertation, University of Exeter, Sept. 1999
Bridie, Marion Ferguson, The Story of Shute: The Bonvilles and the Poles, Axminster, 1955. (Published by Shute School Ltd.), reprinted 1995, Bridport.
External links
Photograph of Shute House in 1950
1757 births
1799 deaths
People educated at Blundell's School
Politicians from Cornwall
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
British MPs 1790–1796
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for constituencies in Cornwall
High Sheriffs of Devon
Shannon Hemon Settlemyre (born June 4, 1979 in New Hanover County, North Carolina) is an American voice actor and ADR voice director best known for providing the English voice of Lum in the Urusei Yatsura movies except movie 2. They mainly work at Coastal Studios and Swirl Recording.
Filmography
Anime
Clamp School Detectives - Akira Ijunn
Loveless - Yuiko Hawatari, Youji
Urusei Yatsura film series - Lum Invader, Ten
Growing Up With Hello Kitty - Hello Kitty
Films
Agent F.O.X. - Agent Fox, Longtail, Tily
Pet Pals: Marco Polo's Code - Holly, Additional Voices
Production credits
Voice director
Loveless
Urusei Yatsura film series
Pet Pals: Marco Polo's Code
Agent F.O.X.
References
External links
1979 births
American voice actores
Living people
American voice directors
People from New Hanover County, North Carolina
21st-century American women
Michał Weinzieher (1 June 1903, in Będzin, Russian Empire, Polish lands of the Russian Partition – April 1944, in Kraków) was a Polish art historian and art critic, museologist, and separately also a writer on constitutional law (known for their studies of the thought of Leon Petrazycki). They also published several pieces of travel reportage from France, England, and the Soviet Union.
Life
Michał Weinzieher was born on 1 June 1903 in the town of Będzin, in the Dąbrowa Basin (Zagłębie Dąbrowskie) of the western Lesser Poland geographical area, about 13 kilometres south-west of Katowice and about 88 km north-west of Kraków. The town counted 30,124 inhabitants in 1901. Their father, Dr. Salomon Weinzieher (18691943?), a physician and director of a regional hospital, was one of the most distinguished citizens of their town and its province and a member of Parliament (including, for a time, chairperson of its Jewish caucus). Weinzieher had also a younger brother, (Jan) Jakub Weinzieher (19081940), a physician like their father and a lieutenant (podporucznik) of the Polish Air Force, who would perish in the Katyn Massacre perpetrated by the Soviet secret police. Their father was murdered in the Holocaust after being deported from the Będzin Ghetto to Auschwitz concentration camp on 1 August 1943 (other sources indicate they were murdered in the Ghetto).
A teenager during the early period of the Second Polish Republic, Weinzieher fought in the Polish–Soviet War in 1920 as a volunteer in the Polish Army (Wojsko Polskie II RP). They were educated at Warsaw University, their father's alma mater, where they earned a law degree. A frequent contributor to the Nasz Przegląd newspaper, they served as the director of the Jewish Society for the Propagation of the Fine Arts (Żydowskie Towarzystwo Krzewienia Sztuk Pięknych) in Warsaw until 1939, a city where they maintained friendship with the poet Bruno Jasieński. In their art criticism they emphasized the role of ideology and "guiding principles" over "sterile objectivism" and impartiality, including in the organizing of art exhibitions which ought to follow the same principles if they were truthfully to render the profiles of such painters as Picasso and Matisse. Weinzieher took a lively interest in all aspects of life of the Jewish community in the interbellum Poland, participating for example in the organizational activities of the Jewish Sightseeing Society (Żydowskie Towarzystwo Krajoznawcze) and other similar bodies. They were also the director of the Historical Museum in Lwów (Muzeum Historyczne we Lwowie, now within the territory of Ukraine).
During the Second World War, in the early part of 1940, they married the well-known poet Zuzanna Ginczanka in Lwów, then newly occupied by the Soviet Union, where both sought shelter from the Germans. Following Nazi Germany's attack on the Soviet Union of 22 June 1941 and the Nazi occupation of Lwów later the same month, they moved with their wife to Kraków in September 1942, where they disguised their identity by assuming the pseudonym Michał Danilewicz. However, they were eventually arrested by the Gestapo early in 1944, and subsequently perished at their hands. On 6 April 1944 there appeared pasted on the walls of Kraków an announcement issued by the "Summary Court-martial of the Security Police" (Standgericht der Sicherheitspolizei) listing 112 names of people sentenced to death: the first 33 names were those on whom the sentence of death had already been carried out, the rest were those awaiting execution. Michał Weinzieher's name is among the latter. Although the precise date of their death is uncertain, it is known that they had predeceased their wife, who was also murdered by the Nazis several months later.
The surname is sometimes misspelled "Weinziher" in Polish usage.
Publications
"Eugeniusz Zak: wspomnienie pośmiertne" (1926)
"Uroda Miss Judei" (Nasz Przegląd, 31 March 1929)
"Fermenty literackie" (Europa, 1930)
Symche Trachter, Paris (1930)
Wystawa prac Zygmunta Menkesa: styczeń 1931 (1931)
Idee prawno-państwowe Leona Petrażyckiego (1931)
Refleksje nad ideami prawno-handlowemi Leona Petrażyckiego (1932)
"O racjonalną politykę muzealną" (Wiadomości Literackie, 6 January 1935)
Bibliography
Major sources
Czy wiesz kto to jest?, ed. S. Łoza, Warsaw, Wydawnictwa Artystyczne i Filmowe (for the Zrzeszenie Księgarstwa), 1983, page 336. (Reprint of the ed. Warsaw, Wydawnictwo Głównej Księgarni Wojskowej, 1938.)
Kto był kim w Drugiej Rzeczypospolitej, ed. J. M. Majchrowski, et al., Warsaw, Polska Oficyna Wydawnicza BGW, 1994, page 465. .
Marian Kałuski, Ku pamięci i w podzięce Jankielom: mały leksykon Żydów-patriotów polskich, Warsaw, Von Borowiecky, 2001, page 179. .
Other
Ruch Służbowy (supplement to the Dziennik Urzędowy Ministerstwa Sprawiedliwości), Warsaw, The Justice Ministry (of the Second Polish Republic), 1929.
Włodzimierz Bartoszewicz, "Buda na Powiślu", Warsaw, Państwowy Instytut Wydawniczy, 1966, passim.
Rocznik Komisji Historycznoliterackiej, vol. 11, Wrocław, Zakład Narodowy im. Ossolińskich, 1973, page 102.
Polskie życie artystyczne w latach 19151939, ed. A. Wojciechowski, Wrocław, Zakład Narodowy im. Ossolińskich, 1974, pages 208 & 579.
Marian Stępień, Ze stanowiska lewicy: studium jednego z nurtów polskiej krytyki literackiej lat 19191939, Kraków, Wydawnictwo Literackie, 1974, pages 350 & 426.
Janina Dziarnowska, Słowo o Brunonie Jasieńskim, Warsaw, Książka i Wiedza, 1978, passim.
Marian Fuks, Prasa żydowska w Warszawie, 18231939, Warsaw, Państwowe Wydawnictwo Naukowe, 1979, pages 263 & 270. .
The Jewish Press That Was: Accounts, Evaluations, and Memories of Jewish Papers in Pre-Holocaust Europe, tr. H. Shachter, ed. A. Bar, Tel Aviv, World Federation of Jewish Journalists, 1980.
Jerzy Malinowski, Grupa "Jung Idysz" i żydowskie środowisko "Nowej Sztuki" w Polsce, 19181923, Warsaw, PAN, 1987, passim.
Eugenia Prokop-Janiec, Polish-Jewish Literature in the Interwar Years, tr. A. Shenitzer, Syracuse (New York), Syracuse University Press, 2003, page 22. . (1st Polish ed., 1992.)
Izolda Kiec, Zuzanna Ginczanka: życie i twórczość, Poznań, Obserwator, 1994, pages 149, 159, 161. .
Agnieszka Chrzanowska, Metaloplastyka żydowska w Polsce, Warsaw, Wydawnictwo Neriton, 2005, pages 8, 66, 74, 88, 93, 97118. .
Honorata Bartoszewska-Butryn, Twórczość plastyczna Konrada Winklera w latach 19181939 and Aneta Dardzińska, Aleksander Rafałowski: monografia twórczości do 1939 roku, Warsaw, Wydawnictwo Neriton, 2006, pages 86, 166, 222, and 225. .
Jerzy Malinowski & Barbara Brus-Malinowska, W kręgu École de Paris: malarze żydowscy z Polski, Warsaw, Wydawnictwo DiG, 2007. , .
Słownik artystów polskich i obcych w Polsce działających (zmarłych przed 1966 r.): malarze, rzeźbiarze, graficy, vol. 8 (PóRi), ed. U. Makowska & K. Mikocka-Rachubowa, Warsaw, Instytut Sztuki Polskiej Akademii Nauk, 2007, passim. .
See also
Leon Petrazycki
Zuzanna Ginczanka
References
1903 births
1944 deaths
Directors of museums in Poland
People from Będzin
People murdered in Poland
Polish art critics
Polish Jews who died in the Holocaust
Polish legal scholars
Polish people of the Polish–Soviet War
Polish travel writers
Jewish historians
20th-century Polish historians
Dancing Alone: Songs of William Hawkins is a 2008 tribute album, released by True North Records. On the record, a number of Canadian artists pay tribute to the songs of William Hawkins, an influential Canadian songwriter and poet.
Critical reaction
The album was generally well received. As noted by one reviewer, "As this multi-artist, two-CD collection proves, Hawkins was – and could well still be – an exceptionally gifted musical craftsman, an imaginative and quirky composer of charming melodies, and a superior lyricist who walked the line between poetic distillation and conversational vernacular. ...His songs here are rendered in exceptionally spirited performances by Hawkins' peers and younger admirers... If you buy just one roots music album this year, this one will not disappoint."
Track listing
Scorpio Lynn Miles 3:35
Long Lean Lonely Angel Bill Stevenson 3:29
Louis Riel Sneezy Waters 5:22
The Trains Don't Run Here Any more Bruce Cockburn 3:22
Tell Me That Story Ian Tamblyn 4:36
Stone Solid Blue Ana Miura 2:55
Royal Boost Sandy Crawley 2:33
Merry Go Round Kellylee Evans 4:04
Frankly Stoned Suzie Vinnick 4:30
Alison Neville Wells 3:35
Worry Worry Mike Evin 2:38
Gnostic Serenade Brent Titcomb 2:48
Io [instrumental] 2:02
Funny How People Get Old Murray McLauchlan 3:01
Get Free Ana Miura 3:37
Misunderstanding Sneezy Waters 5:14
Io Lynn Miles 3:21
It's a Dirty Shame Terry Gillespie 2:45
Christopher's Movie Matinee Brent Titcomb 2:03
Your Time Has Come Suzie Vinnick 3:55
Midnight Gambler Ian Tamblyn 2:54
Cotton Candy Man Sandy Crawley 4:10
Merry Go Round Murray McLauchlan 3:45
Gnostic Serenade Bill Stevenson 6:45
Memories: A Poem William Hawkins
Credits
Vocalists and musicians
Bruce Cockburn Lead Vocals and Guitar
Murray McLauchlan Lead Vocals, Guitar, Keyboards
Ian Tamblyn Lead Vocals, Guitar, Keyboards, Penny Whistle
Sandy Crawley Lead Vocals, Guitar, Banjo
Neville Wells Lead Vocals, Guitar
Sneezy Waters Lead Vocals, Guitar
Terry Gillespie Lead Vocals, Guitar
Brent Titcomb Lead Vocals, Guitar, Percussion
Bill Stevenson Lead Vocals, Piano
Lynn Miles Lead Vocals, Guitar, Mandolin
Suzie Vinnick Lead Vocals, Guitar, Bass
Mike Evin Lead Vocals, Piano
Ana Miura Lead Vocals, Guitar
Kellylee Evans Lead and Background Vocals
Rebecca Campbell Background Vocals
Kevin Ramessar Guitar
Dennis Pendrith Bass
Tom Easley Bass
Ken Kanwisher Bass, Cello
Ross Murray Drums
Al Cross Drums
Gordon Adamson Drums, Bongos
Anne Lindsay Violin, Viola, String Arrangements
Petr Cancura Clarinet
Jody Golick Penny Whistle
Other contributions
Steve Foley Engineer
Ken Kanwisher Engineer
Russ Brannon Engineer
Ross Murray Engineer
Roman Klun Assistant Engineer
Dave Bignell Mixing
David Cain Mastering
Chris Wells Cover Painting
Sandy Crawley Liner Notes
Doug McArthur Assistant
Kellylee Evans Producer
Terry Gillespie Producer
Murray McLauchlan Producer
Ian Tamblyn Producer, Mixing, Remixing
Harvey Glatt Executive Producer
References
2008 compilation albums
Compilation albums by Canadian artists
True North Records albums
Tribute albums
Below is a list of various national anthems which, at some point in time, were the de jure or de facto anthems of various contemporary or historical states.
List
See also
Historical Chinese anthems
List of national anthems
List of anthems of non-sovereign countries, regions and territories
Notes
Translations and transliterations
References
General
Specific
External links
National anthems of the world, performed by the United States Navy Band
National anthems (historical)
Historical
Kopito may refer to:
Kopito Ridge, Antarctica
Kopito (Višegrad), Bosnia and Herzegovina
Kopito, Danilovgrad, Montenegro
Josué Alex Mukendi (born in Kinshasa) is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and was a candidate in the 2011 presidential election. They reside in Mont Ngafula, and filed for candidacy 28 November 2011.
Sources
Josué Alex Mukendi
Living people
People from Kinshasa
Democratic Republic of the Congo politicians
Candidates for President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
General Sir Jack Wentworth Harman, (20 July 1920 – 28 December 2009) was a British Army officer who became Adjutant-General to the Forces. They began their military career in 1940, serving in The Queen's Bays for the majority of their early career and saw service with them during Second World War in the Middle East, Europe and Africa. Following the war Harman held various appointments at regimental, divisional and corps level rising to fulfil the role of Adjutant-General to the Forces in 1976. Their final position was as Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe, which they held until retirement in 1981. In later life they served as a director of an insurance brokers and vice-chairperson of the National Army Museum and The Automobile Association before they died in late December 2009, at the age of 89.
Early life
Harman was the son of Lieutenant General Sir Wentworth Harman KCB, DSO. They were educated at Wellington College, Berkshire.
Military career
Upon completion of training at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, Jack Harman was commissioned into the 2nd Dragoon Guards (Queen's Bays) on 2 March 1940. Promoted to lieutenant on 2 September 1941, they served in the Second World War and was awarded the Military Cross in August 1943, "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in the Middle East." They joined the 24th Lancers for the Normandy landings but in the autumn of 1944 they re-joined the Bay's for the Italian Campaign and was involved in the Spring 1945 offensive. During the Second World War, Harman served with the 2nd Armoured Brigade in the Western Desert and the Italian Campaign.
Harman was promoted to captain on 1 July 1946 and to major on 2 March 1953. They were appointed Commanding Officer (CO) of 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards in 1960, and, having promoted to colonel on 22 January 1965 (with seniority from 7 May 1963) they became Commander 11th Infantry Brigade in 1965. Promoted to brigadier on 31 December 1966, after attending the Imperial Defence College in 1967 they became Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence and Operations in January 1968.
Promoted to major-general on 12 February 1970 (with seniority from 25 August 1969) Harman served as General Officer Commanding, 1st Division from 1970 until 1972 and as Commandant of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst between 1972 and 1973. During their tenure, and with their assistance, the Army Board cut the commissioning course from two years to one year. Promoted to lieutenant general on 24 January 1974 (with seniority from 24 January 1973), they served as General Officer Commanding (GOC) of 1 (British) Corps from 1974, until 1976.
On 1 November 1975, Harman was appointed the Colonel, 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards. Promoted to full general on 15 July 1976 (with seniority from 25 March 1976) they were appointed Adjutant-General to the Forces that same year. Finally they served as Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe from 1978 to 1981. They retired from the British Army on 7 May 1981.
They were also aide-de-camp general to the Queen from 1977 to 1980.
They were appointed as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1962, as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1974 and as a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in 1978.
Later life
Upon retirement from the military, Harman became a Director of Wilsons Hogg Robinson, an insurance brokers; a position they filled from 1982 to 1988. They were vice-chairperson of the National Army Museum from 1980 to 1987. They also held the post of vice-chairperson of The Automobile Association between 1986 and 1989.
Family
In 1947, they were married to Gwladys May Murphy; widow of Lieutenant-Colonel RJ Murphy and was the daughter of Sir Idwal Lloyd. In 2001 they married again, this time to Sheila Perkins (née Gurdon), widow of Major Christopher Perkins. They have a daughter from their first marriage and two stepdaughters from their second. They died in their sleep the morning of 28 December 2009.
References
External links
General Sir Jack Harman – Daily Telegraph obituary
British Army Officers 1939–1945
|-
|-
|-
|-
1920 births
2009 deaths
1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards officers
2nd Dragoon Guards (Queen's Bays) officers
Alumni of the Royal College of Defence Studies
British Army generals
British Army personnel of World War II
Commandants of Sandhurst
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Graduates of the Staff College, Camberley
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
NATO military personnel
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Wellington College, Berkshire
People from Farnham
Recipients of the Military Cross
Military personnel from Surrey
"The Seventh" is the thirty-third episode (production #207) of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the seventh of the second season. In the Star Trek universe, a spaceship has set out from Earth in the 2100s to explore the galaxy.
T'Pol is dispatched by the Vulcan High Command to capture a fugitive who has eluded their authorities for nearly two decades.
Plot
Sub-Commander T'Pol receives a covert mission from the Vulcan High Command, and informs Captain Archer that Admiral Forrest will be contacting them later about it. They remain tight lipped despite Archer's enquiries as to the exact nature of the expected diversion, but later meets privately with Archer and asks that they come as well, since they need someone they trust. In conversation with Archer, they later reveals that they were trained 17 (Earth) years earlier in reconnaissance retrieval, and now they are to capture the only one of six surgically altered, rogue Vulcan secret agents to have evaded them
Archer, T'Pol, and Ensign Mayweather, easily track the fugitive, Menos, to a cantina on the icy Pernaia Prime moon. After a brief phase-pistol fight, they capture him, but are unable to leave due to a build up of acidic ice. Menos starts to play on T'Pol's sense of fairness and honor. They have a good life, sustaining their family with an honest job, but apparently they are dying. T'Pol, trying to disprove their story, searches for biotoxins in their ship, finding none. Meanwhile, on Enterprise, Commander Tucker finds the continual interruptions of command more than they expected. It gets worse when a Vulcan ship arrives, and they impersonate Archer so as not to let the Vulcans know the Captain is away.
T'Pol also relates to Archer that she's been having recent flashbacks to their previous hunt, where they shot another fugitive called Jossen. Because of the Vulcan ramifications on killing, they received "fullara" treatment on P'Jem, where their memory and emotions of the incident were fully repressed. Back on the planet, Menos organizes an escape by starting a fire, but is recaptured by the away team when their cloaked hiding space is detected, confirming that they were indeed smuggling biotoxins as the Vulcan High Command had indicated. On Enterprise, T'Pol offers their support to Archer should they ever be in need of it.
Production
Guest star Bruce Davison who plays the Vulcan fugitive Menos, previously appeared in Star Trek: Voyager in the episode "Remember."  They are also known for their role in the first two X-Men films as Senator Kelly.
Reception
"The Seventh" was first broadcast on the UPN within the United States on November 6, 2002. According to Nielsen it was watched by 4.82 million viewers. This gave the show a 3.2/5 rating share.
In 2019, Den of Geek said this was an important episode for understanding T'Pol. In their 2022 rewatch, Keith DeCandido of Tor.com gave it 8 out of 10.
In 2021, The Digital Fix said this was a T'Pol centric episode and a morality play.
Home media release
"The Seventh" was released for home media use on DVD as part of the second series box set of Star Trek: Enterprise. Season Two was released on Blu-ray Disc August 20, 2013.
References
External links
Star Trek: Enterprise (season 2) episodes
2002 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by David Livingston
Television episodes written by Rick Berman
Television episodes written by Brannon Braga
Mary Rose Academy (formerly Mary Rose School) is a 2-19 special school with academy status, located in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England. It opened in February 2007 and educates 110 pupils. The opening of Mary Rose School, due for September 2006, was delayed by design and construction issues. The school takes children with a wide range of severe and complex learning needs. Mary Rose School was awarded specialist Sports College status in 2008 and converted to academy status in November 2013. The school was then renamed Mary Rose Academy.
Wheelchair basketball player and Paralympic broadcaster Ade Adepitan formally opened the school in 2007 and officially opened its specialist sports college status in October 2008.
Many of the school's pupils have physical disabilities and health issues. Headteacher Alison Beane has stated that "Sport, wellbeing and fitness all go together to help move [pupils with disabilities or health issues] forward, to develop their physical skills" and noted sport is a great motivating element. The school also co-operates with Priory School in Southsea, which promotes excellence in physical education and community sport.
Achieving sports college status means that after the school raised £20,000, the government provided £100,000 in capital build funding to develop "The Studio", a room for dance, gymnastics, fitness work including sensory integration with sound, lighting, and space. In addition, the school will receive £60,000 a year over the following four years toward staffing and community partnership enhancements.
In the report of their November 2007 inspection, Ofsted gave the school an overall assessment of Good, point two on a four-point scale. However, both the Foundation Stage and the sixth form were assessed as Outstanding.
References
External links
Official site
Special schools in Portsmouth
Educational institutions established in 2007
2007 establishments in England
Academies in Portsmouth
Winter Ridge is a 2018 British psychological thriller drama film directed by Dom Lenoir and starring Matt Hookings, Olwen Catherine Kelly, Michael McKell, Hannah Waddingham and Alan Ford. It was written by Ross Owen Williams.
Premise
Ryan Barnes (Hookings) is a young detective, dealing with the personal tragedy of their wife being coma-ridden whilst attempting to track down a serial killer who appears to be specifically targeting the vulnerable and elderly.
Cast
Matt Hookings as Ryan Barnes
Olwen Catherine Kelly as Jessica
Hannah Waddingham as Joanne Hill
Michael McKell as John Faulkner
Justin McDonald as Tom Harris
Alan Ford as Dale Jacobs
Ian Pirie as Mike Evans
Ella Road as Amanda Jacobs
Production
Filming took place over 17 days around Lynton and Lynmouth in north Devon, England. Several scenes were shot at Petroc College, allowing local performing arts students an opportunity to be involved in filming.
During an interview with The Breeze, director Lenoir explained their view on hoping to raise awareness of dementia, saying "There are an estimated 50 million people suffering from Alzheimer's worldwide and we hope the film is given the platform it deserves for its subject matter to be heard. I'm hoping that this film will raise an interesting debate on the condition."
Release
The film's distributor, Phoenix Worldwide Entertainment, secured three international territory deals, to North America, Italy and China.
Reception
Critical response
Entertainment Focus described the film as "an ambitious project by the film-makers that they pull off admirably" Nerdly called the film "polished, stylised, well acted, well written and uses the most of its location". Alan Ford, in particular, was praised for their performance, with UK Film Review noting they "shines in their brief scenes as Dale Jacobs... struggling with their dementia and, consequently, debating whether or not their life is truly worth living." The Guardian was less enthusiastic, reporting "Winter Ridge is the kind of plucky, low-budget British feature one so wants to like" before describing the end result as "middling... with decidedly shabby edges"
Awards
The film won more than a dozen awards at independent film festivals on both sides of the Atlantic, including Best Foreign Film at the Hollywood Florida Film Festival, and Best UK Feature and Best British Film at the London Independent Film Festival.
References
2018 films
2018 independent films
2010s mystery drama films
2010s psychological drama films
2018 psychological thriller films
2010s serial killer films
2018 thriller drama films
British independent films
British serial killer films
British thriller drama films
Murder–suicide in films
2018 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s British films
Brostugan is a restaurant in Kärsön, Stockholm, Sweden. It is located in a building dating from the 1700s on the southern side of Nockebybron within Ekerö Municipality.
History
Brostugan was originally built in the 1780s and became the residence of the bridge-keeper when Gustavus III had built the first bridge between Kärsön and Drottningholm Palace in 1787. Brostugan served as the house of the bridge-keeper until 1931, whose job was to open the bridge and collects tolls. The upper floors were rented to summer visitors and one of the most famous tenants was Hjalmar Söderberg. They spent the summer there in 1876 aged seven, which they describe in their autobiographical book, Martin Birck's Youth.
In 1932, Brostugan was renovated and redesigned by architect Ivar Tengbom and the same year a restaurant with a bakery opened. During the summer people would sit outside on the terrace. Three generations of one family leased the restaurant until 1990, when a new tenant took over.
Architecture
The house is of timber trim and pale yellow in color. Corners and windows are marked with white. Porch columns have been shown to be identical to those pillars that once stood in the Hall at the Royal Palace, they were transported along with many other interior materials out to Drottningholm in 1788. Since 1991, Brostugan and the surroundings of the Drottningholm Palace have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site and officially part of Sweden's protected heritage.
References
External links
Official site
Buildings and structures completed in the 18th century
Restaurants in Stockholm
1932 establishments in Sweden
Restaurants established in 1932
The silver chub (Macrhybopsis storeriana) is a species of freshwater fish of the family Cyprinidae found in North America.
Description
The maximum size of a silver chub is 231mm (9.09 in) in total length. It is pale grey-green dorsally, becoming silvery on its sides and silvery white on its belly. The iris of its eye is white-yellow. A faint dusky lateral stripe is usually present. The caudal fin is lightly pigmented, except the lower 3-4 rays, which are completely unpigmented. Silver chubs have a body shape that is slender, moderately compressed, and flattened ventrally. Their mouths are inferior and horizontal. They have a maxillary barbel, the premaxilla is protractile, and the upper lip is separated from the skin of the snout by a deep groove that is continuous along the midline. The lateral line is either straight or has a broad arch. Adult males have large, uniserial tubercles on the dorsal surface of pectoral fins rays 2-10. The head of a silver chub bears minute sensory buds, but not breeding tubercles.
Diet
Silver chubs are planktivores/invertivores. During the first year, they consume small crustaceans and midge larvae and pupae. The adults eat mayfly larvae, small mollusks, and crustaceans.
Habitat
Silver chubs are mainly restricted to large, often silty rivers; they are sometimes found near the mouths of small streams.
Reproduction and Life Cycle
The spawning season for silver chubs has been recorded to be in late spring or early summer in Iowa, and June and July in Wisconsin In western Lake Erie, spawning began the second week of June in water temperature of 19 °C (66 °F), reached its peak during the last week of June and first week of July with water temperature at 23 °C (73 °F), and was completed by the middle of August. Kinney (1954) concluded that the species spawns at relatively high temperatures.
Silver chubs are rock and gravel spawners with pelagic free embryos.
Life longevity for male silver chubs is three years and for females is four years. Kinney (1954) found most 1-year old fish to be sexually mature. During development, the average silver chub is 124 mm (4.88 in)in standard length after the first year, 147 mm (5.88 in) in standard length after the second year, and 164 mm (6.46 in) in standard length after the third year.
Distribution
United States distribution: Widespread from southern New York to the Red River drainages.
Texas distribution: The silver chub is in the Red River and the lower Brazos River; the Brazos River population is apparently disjunct from other populations of this species, which range through the Mississippi River basin to Mobil Bay.
Importance to Humans
The silver chub is regarded as excellent forage and bait fish for largemouth and smallmouth black bass.
Etymology
Macrhybopsisis Greek "long rounded face" and storeriana named for David H. Storer, an early student of North American fishes.
References
Macrhybopsis
Fish of North America
Fish described in 1845
New Works Celebration is an album by Bob Brookmeyer's New Art Orchestra featuring tracks recorded in 1997 and released on the Challenge label.
Reception
Ken Dryden of AllMusic called it a "stunning release" that is "Highly recommended!". on All About Jazz Douglas Payne said "The captivating New Work (Celebration), though, is remarkable evidence of the intricate musical language Bob Brookmeyer has crafted as a composer. In the realm of their own inner logic - informed by Sauter and Stravinsky as much as George Russell and even Boulez - Brookmeyer has conceived something that is as warm and passionate as it is cerebral and sometimes startling". The Penguin Guide to Jazz nominated the album as part of its "Core Collection" of recommended jazz recordings.
Track listing
All compositions by Bob Brookmeyer.
"Celebration Jig" - 2:31
"Celebration Slow Dance" - 8:23
"Celebration Remembering" - 10:59
"Celebration Two And" - 10:16
"Idyll" - 9:37
"Duets" - 12:45
"Cameo" - 4:28
"Boom Boom" - 9:32
Personnel
Bob Brookmeyer - valve trombone
Thorsten Benkenstein, Jorg Engels, Ralf Hesse, Torsten Mass, Sebastian Strempel - trumpet
Christian Jakso, Ludwig Nuss, Ansgar Striepens - trombone
Edward Partyka - bass trombone
Marko Lackner, Stefan Pfeifer - alto saxophone
Marcus Bartelt, Scott Robinson - baritone saxophone
Nils van Haften, Paul Heller - tenor saxophone
Kris Goessens - piano
Jurgen Grimm - keyboard
Ingmar Heller - bass
John Hollenbeck - drums
Christopher Dell - percussion
References
1999 albums
Bob Brookmeyer albums
Challenge Records (1994) albums
Hotel Pacific () is a 1975 Polish drama film directed by Janusz Majewski. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot
A jobless youth from upcountry, Roman (Kondrat), whose belongings are crammed into a single suitcase is wandering through a midden-littered alleyway when they chance upon a well-dressed, mustachioed middle-aged man kicking out another glum-looking young man from the backdoor of a large hotel. The time is the 1920s or the 1930s. Once the moustachioed man goes back inside the doorway, Roman approaches just in time to catch an even better dressed middle-aged man, whom they ask for a job. This man turns out to be Albin, nephew of Hotel Pacific owner Pancer (Randa), who hires Roman on the spot.
Roman is taken inside to serve as a busboy and is roomed with the diminutive Fryc (Skamene), also a young man from the country, who very quickly introduces them to the hierarchy and rules among the hotel's kitchen staff. Roman very quickly finds out that violence is an everyday occurrence casually meted out by the senior waiters.
One day Fryc is offered a shot at joining the waiting staff on the condition that they train someone to replace them tending the bar. They pick Roman, a choice agreed to by the hotel owner, Pancer. Albin is given fifty zloties for Roman's new uniform but passes on only thirty to the new waiter. Roman excels at the bar and is soon transferred to the waiting staff, much to the consternation of Fryc, who had been promised the move. (Albin gives the reason that Fryc needs to improve their spoken Polish before they can ascend to the wait staff.) The two young men fall out as a consequence, though by this point Roman has garnered a new ally in Henek, a libidinous veteran waiter who teaches them how to get back at the senior waiters by stealing from the till.
Roman's initial exuberance rapidly dissipates as finds themselves constantly hounded by the hotel's upper-class clientele, who turn out to be very demanding, often insulting, and extremely unsympathetic. Rarely does a "please" or "thank you" come from a diner and one of their regular customers, Baron Humaniewski (Wollejko), makes repeated unwanted sexual advances to him. Roman is also regularly persecuted by the head waiter, Fornalski (Wilhelmi), the mustachioed middle-aged man encountered at the beginning of the film.
Fornalski carelessly leaves a part of a sliced lemon on the floor and a senior waiter slips on it, hitting their head on the tile floor in a fatal fall. Fryc reveals to Roman that it was caused by Fornalski's negligence. Roman threatens to report Fornalski to the waiters' union, causing the flustered maître d' to not only end their harassment of Roman, but also help the young man join the senior waiting staff.
In time Roman passes the waiting exam, qualifying to become a senior waiter. Fryc fails it for the third time in a row, however, and on New Year's Eve unsuccessfully attempts suicide, as a result of which they are fired from the hotel.
Some time passes, by which point Roman has grown a mustache and is in a relationship with Hela (Celinska), who also works in the tearoom. Their affair ends prematurely when Hela is fired by Pancer, who has forbidden their employees from romancing each other.
After seeing Hela off at the train station, Roman is accosted by Fryc, who has become a vagrant and sleeps in the station waiting room. The two men catch up over vodka in the station café, during the course of which they become progressively more inebriated. Fryc reveals that they have been offered a position to manage a country inn by the elderly widow who inherited the place. Fryc paints a bucolic picture of the inn as surrounded by livestock, wild game, and well-stocked trout ponds. The mutual joy they derive from badmouthing the hotel and its rules proves fleeting, however, and the two former roommates part on bad terms, with Fryc telling Roman to fuck off.
The next day Roman is driven to rage by a drunken diner in front of the tearoom clientele when the customer, as an ill-advised sort of apology for their bad behavior, insists the waiter take one of their sweets and even tries—over the strong objection of both the diner's wife and Roman himself—to physically force the candy into Roman's mouth. Roman tells their co-workers that they felt that they were being treated as one would treat a horse. This altercation earns them a strong rebuke from Fornalski, who by this point has taken Albin's place as manager. Roman is sent upstairs to meet with Pancer and though they fear they will be fired, it turns out that the owner only wants their help in an ongoing investigation of embezzlement.
Roman works out that Fornalski is the embezzler wanted by Pancer, but keeps this information to himself, to the horror of the more wordly Henek, who says they would have blackmailed the older man. However, Roman has a change of heart upon learning that Pancer was the one who had snitched on their relationship with Hela.
To Fornalski's alarm Roman enters Pancer's office. In the final scenes, Roman is seen at a train station.
Cast
Marek Kondrat – Roman Boryczko
Roman Wilhelmi – Robert Fornalski
Roman Skamene – Fryc
Čestmír Řanda – Pancer
Michał Pawlicki – Albin
Martin Hron – Henek
Stanisława Celińska – Hela
Joanna Kasperska – Paulina
Jaroslava Schallerová – Zośka
Włodzimierz Boruński – Editor
Czesław Wołłejko – Baron Humaniewski
Tadeusz Drozda – Waiter
Zdzisław Maklakiewicz – Waiter
Bronislav Poloczek – Waiter
Stanisław Zaczyk
Ewa Ciepiela – Prostitute
Václav Lohniský – Sinajský
Juliusz Lubicz-Lisowski – Guest in the Restaurant
External links
1975 films
1975 drama films
Polish drama films
1970s Polish-language films
Films set in hotels
Films set in the 1930s
Films directed by Janusz Majewski
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Works published in English
United Kingdom
Robert Browning, Dramatic Lyrics, including "My Last Duchess", "The Pied Piper of Hamelin" and "Soliloquy of the Spanish Cloister"; the author's first collection of shorter poems (reprinted, with some revisions and omissions in Poems 1849; see also Bells and Pomegranates 1841, reprinted each year from 1843–1846)
Thomas Campbell, The Pilgrim of Glencoe, with Other Poems
Frederick William Faber, The Styrian Lake, and Other Poems
J. O. Halliwell-Phillipps, The Nursery Rhymes of England, anthology
Leigh Hunt, The Palfrey
Thomas Babington Macaulay, Lays of Ancient Rome, including "Horatius"
Robert Montgomery, Luther
Alfred Tennyson, Poems, including "Locksley Hall", "Morte d'Arthur", "Ulysses", "Lady Clara Vere de Vere", "The Two Voices", "The Vision of Sin", "Godiva" and "The Lady of Shalott" (2nd version) (published May 14 in two volumes, with reprinted poems in Volume 1, and new poems in Volume 2
William Wordsworth, Poems, Chiefly of Early and Late Years, includes The Bordereers
United States
Charles Timothy Brooks, translator, Songs and Ballads, translations of German poems
William Cullen Bryant, The Fountain and Other Poems, a collection of parts of a larger work, never to be completed; published in response to many requests for a longer, more ambitious work of poetry
Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Saadi"
Charles Fenno Hoffman, The Vigil of Faith and Other Poems, a popular book with four editions in three years
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow:
Poems on Slavery, written in support of the abolitionist movement, dedicated to William Ellery Channing; the author donates the contents of the book to the New England Anti-Slavery Tract Society to republish and distribute
Ballads and Other Poems, including "The Wreck of the Hesperus"
Alfred Billings Street, The Burning of Schenectady, and Other Poems, descriptive verses
Rufus Wilmot Griswold, editor:
The Poets and Poetry of America, popular anthology that went into several reprints; with poems from over 80 authors, including Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, William Cullen Bryant, Lydia Sigourney (17 poems), Edgar Allan Poe (three poems), and Charles Fenno Hoffman (45 poems), a friend of Griswold's The collection was dedicated to Washington Allston. Philadelphia: Carey & Hart
Gems from American Female Poets, anthology
Works published in other languages
Théodore de Banville, Les Cariatides, France
Sándor Petőfi (originally as Sándor Petrovics), "A borozó" (The Wine Drinker), Hungary
Giovanni Antonio Vassallo, Il-Ġifen Tork ("The Turkish Caravel"), Malta
Henrik Wergeland, Jøden ("The Jew"), Norway
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 26 - François Coppée (died 1908), French writer, le poète des humbles
February 3 - Sidney Lanier (died 1881), American
February 4 - Arrigo Boito (died 1918), Italian
February 25 - Karl May (died 1912), German writer, principally of adventure novels
March 18 - Stéphane Mallarmé (died 1898), French
June 24 - Ambrose Bierce (died c.1914), American poet and writer
July 11 - Henry Abbey (died 1911), American poet, best known for their poem "What Do We Plant When We Plant A Tree?"
July 17 - William John Courthope (died 1917), English poet and historian of poetry
August 14 - Henry Duff Traill (died 1900), English literary journalist
October 1 - Charles Cros (died 1888), French poet and inventor
Date not known - John Arthur Phillips (died 1907), English-born Canadian
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
May 23 – José de Espronceda (born 1808), Spanish
June 12 – Thomas Arnold (born 1795), English, educator, historian and poet
July 28 – Clemens Brentano (born 1778), German Romantic poet and novelist
October 30 – Allan Cunningham (born 1784), Scottish poet and author
December 9 – Samuel Woodworth (born 1785), American author, literary journalist, playwright, librettist and poet
Date not known - Macdonald Clarke (born 1798), American "Mad Poet"
See also
19th century in poetry
19th century in literature
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
Victorian literature
French literature of the 19th century
Biedermeier era of German literature
Golden Age of Russian Poetry (1800–1850)
Young Germany (Junges Deutschland) a loose group of German writers from about 1830 to 1850
List of poets
Poetry
List of poetry awards
Notes
19th-century poetry
Poetry
Roger Rocha Moreira (São Paulo, 12 September 1956) is a Brazilian musician.  They are the guitarist, songwriter and singer of Ultraje a Rigor.
References
External links
Roger Moreira at the Ultraje a Rigor official website
Brazilian guitarists
Brazilian male guitarists
Living people
Mensans
Conservatism in Brazil
1956 births
Musicians from São Paulo
Danian (, also Romanized as Dānīān, Dāneyān, Dānyāl, and Daniyan) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
The Karrick process is a low-temperature carbonization (LTC) and pyrolysis process of carbonaceous materials. Although primarily meant for coal carbonization, it also could be used for processing of oil shale, lignite or any carbonaceous materials. These are heated at to in the absence of air to distill out synthetic fuels–unconventional oil and syngas. It could be used for a coal liquefaction as also for a semi-coke production. The process was the work of oil shale technologist Lewis Cass Karrick at the United States Bureau of Mines in the 1920s.
History
The Karrick process was invented by Lewis Cass Karrick in the 1920s. Although Karrick did not invent coal LTC as such, they perfected the existing technologies resulting the Karrick process. The retort used for the Karrick process based on the Nevada–Texas–Utah Retort, used for the shale oil extraction.
In 1935, a Karrick LTC pilot plant was constructed in the coal research laboratory at the University of Utah. Commercial-size processing plants were operated during the 1930s in Colorado, Utah and Ohio. During World War II, similar processing plant was operated by the United States Navy. In Australia, during World War II the Karrick process plants were used for shale oil extraction in New South Wales. In the 1950s–1970s, the technology was used by the Rexco Company in its Snibston plant at Coalville in Leicestershire, England.
Process
The Karrick process is a low-temperature carbonization process, which uses a hermetic retort. For commercial scale production, a retort about in diameter and high would be used. The process of carbonization would last about 3 hours.
Superheated steam is injected continuously into the top of a retort filled by coal. At first, in contact with cool coal, the steam condenses to water acting as a cleaning agent. While temperature of coal rises, the destructive distillation starts. Coal is heated at to in the absence of air. The carbonization temperature is lower compared with to for producing metallurgic coke. The lower temperature optimizes the production of coal tars richer in lighter hydrocarbons than normal coal tar, and therefore it is suitable for processing into fuels. Resulting water, oil and coal tar, and syngas moves out from retort through outlet valves at the bottom of the retort. The residue (char or semi-coke) remains in the retort. While the produced liquids are mostly a by-product, the semi-coke is the main product, a solid and smokeless fuel.
The Karrick LTC process generates no carbon dioxide, but it does produce a significant amount of carbon monoxide.
Products
In the Karrick process, 1 short ton of coal yields up to 1 barrel of oils and coal tars (12% by weight), and produces of rich coal gas and of solid smokeless char or semi-coke (for one metric ton, 0.175 m³ of oils and coal tars, 95 m³ of gas, and 750 kg of semi-coke). Yields by volume of approximately 25% gasoline, 10% kerosene and 20% good quality fuel oil are obtainable from coal. Gasoline obtained from coal by the Karrick process combined with cracking and refining is equal in quality to tetraethyl lead gasolines. More power is developed in internal combustion engines and an increase in fuel economy of approximately 20% is obtainable under identical operating conditions.
Semi-coke can be used for utility boilers and coking coal in steel smelters, yields more heat than raw coal and can be converted to water gas. Water gas can be converted to oil by the Fischer–Tropsch process. Coal gas from Karrick LTC yields greater energy content than natural gas. Phenolic wastes are used by the chemical industry as feedstock for plastics, etc. Electrical power can be cogenerated at nominal equipment cost.
Economic viability
Oils, including petroleum, have long been extracted from coal. Production plants were merely shut down in the 1880s because crude oil became cheaper than coal liquefaction. The capability itself, however, has never disappeared. Eight years of pilot plant tests by Karrick attest that states, cities or even smaller towns, could make their own gas and generate their own electricity.
A 30-ton plant and oil refinery will show a profit over and above all operating and capital costs and the products will sell at attractive prices for equivalent products. The private sector should require no subsidies, but not in competition with those who skim off the oil from coal and sell the residual smokeless fuel to power plants.
The cheapest liquid fuel from coal will come when processed by LTC for both liquid fuels and electric power. As a tertiary product of the coal distilling process, electrical energy can be generated at minimum equipment cost. A Karrick LTC plant with 1 kiloton of daily coal capacity produces sufficient steam to generate 100,000 kilowatt hours of electrical power at no extra cost excepting capital investment for electrical equipment and loss of steam temperature passing through turbines. The process steam cost could be low since this steam could be derived from off-peak boiler capacity or from turbines in central electric stations. Fuel for steam and superheating would subsequently be reduced in cost.
Advantages and disadvantages
Compared to the Bergius process, the Karrick process is cheaper, requires less water and destroys less the thermal value (one-half that of the Bergius process). The smokeless semi-coke fuel, when burned in an open grate or in boilers, delivers 20% to 25% more heat than raw coal. The coal gas should deliver more heat than natural gas per heat unit contained due to the greater quantity of combined carbon and lower dilution of the combustion gases with water vapor.
See also
Coal oil
Carbon sequestration
CO2 sequestration
Carbon capture and storage
Major coal producing regions
Pyrolysis oil
Synthetic Liquid Fuels Program
Synthetic fuels in the United States
Synthetic oil
References
External links
A magic way to make billions (TIME Magazine, February 2006)
China to Invest $128 Billion to Develop Coal-Based Synthetic Fuels
Military's push to turn coal into fuel picking up speed (Associated Press)
Princeton University: Increased Automobile Fuel Efficiency and Synthetic Fuels; Alternatives for Reducing Oil Imports (PDF)
The Bureau of Mines Synthetic Liquid Fuels Program 1944-55 Part 1 Oil From Coal
The Early Days of Coal Research at the U.S. Department of Energy site.
Coal
Synthetic fuel technologies
Oil shale technology
United States Bureau of Mines
Fferam is an area in the community of Tref Alaw, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 138.2 miles (222.4 km) from Cardiff and 221.8 miles (356.9 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The rivière à la Cruche (river of the jug) is a tributary of the Malbaie River, flowing into the Lac-Pikauba unorganized territory, into the Regional County Municipality (MRC) of Charlevoix Regional County Municipality, in the Capitale-Nationale administrative region, in the province of Quebec, in Canada. Most of the "rivière à la Cruche" flows to the eastern end of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve except for the lower part of its course.
The hydrographic slope of "rivière à la Cruche" is served primarily by route 381 (north–south direction) which goes up this valley. It is also served by various secondary forest roads for forestry and recreational tourism purposes.
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector; recreational tourism activities, second.
The "rivière à la Cruche" area is usually frozen from early December to late March, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-December to mid-March.
Geography
The mouth of La Cruche River is located between the Grands-Jardins National Park and Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park; between Ha! Ha! Lake and the Lac des Martres.
The main hydrographic slopes near the "rivière à la Cruche" are:
North side: Malbaie River, Small Ha! Ha! Lake, Ha! Ha! Lake, Ha! Ha! River;
east side: Belle Truite Lake, Cran Rouge Creek, Malbaie River, Porc-Épic River, Moreau Lake, Martres River;
south side: La Cruche Lake, Chenard Lake, Cows Creek, Ha! Ha! River;
west side: Ha! Ha! River, Myel Lake, Cinto Lake, Goéland Creek, Rivière à Mars Nord.
La Cruche River rises at the mouth of Pimpant Lake (length: ; altitude: ) in the southwest corner of the township of Lalemant. The mouth of this lake is located at:
northeast of the Ha! Ha! River;
southwest of Michta Lake;
west of Belle Truite Lake;
south of Little Ha! Ha! Lake;
northwest of "La Cruche Lake";
northwest of the confluence of the "rivière à la Cruche" and the Malbaie River.
From its source (Pimpant Lake), the Cruche river descends on in forested and mountainous areas, with a difference of according to the following segments:
easterly curving southeast to the outlet (coming from the west) of Lake Myel;
southeasterly by collecting a stream (from the northwest) to the outlet (coming from the northeast) of the Petit lac à la Cruche;
southeasterly to a creek (coming from the northwest);
southeasterly to the outlet (coming from the south) of La Cruche Lake;
easterly forming a curve to the south, to its mouth.
The "rivière à la Cruche" flows into a swirl zone on the west bank of the Malbaie River. This confluence is located at:
downstream of the mouth of the Porc-Epic River;
northeast of the mouth of La Cruche Lake;
northeast of the Ha! Ha! River;
west of lac des Martres;
southeast of Little Ha! Ha! Lake;
west of downtown Clermont;
west of the confluence of the Malbaie River and the St. Lawrence River.
From the confluence of the La Cruche River, the current flows down the Malbaie River over to the northeast, south, and south-east, which flows on the northwestern shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Toponymy
The toponym "Rivière à la Cruche" is indicated on the draft "Lac des Martres", 1961-09-25, item 84. This name was approved on 1963-07-03 by the Quebec Geography Commission.
The toponym "Cruche River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Bank of Place Names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec.
See also
Charlevoix, a MRC
Lac-Pikauba, Quebec, an unorganized territory
La Malbaie, a municipality
Laurentides Wildlife Reserve
Grands-Jardins National Park
Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie National Park
Malbaie River
St. Lawrence River
List of rivers of Quebec
Notes and references
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix Regional County Municipality
Laurentides Wildlife Reserve
Shepherd's Symphony – Hirtensymphonie is the nineteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1997 on Mystic Records. In 2004 SPV re-released the album with a different cover (designed by Frank Fiedler). The 1995 semi-documentary Kailash – Pilgerfahrt zum Thron der Götter, directed by Popol Vuh member Frank Fiedler, includes several edited version of the tracks that would later be released on the album.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke and Guido Hieronymus except where noted.
"Shepherds of the Future - Die Hirten der Zukunft" – 6:08
"Short Visit to the Great Sorcerer - Kurzer Besuch beim Großen Zauberer" – 6:02
"Wild Vine" – 8:29
"Shepherd's Dream - Der Traum des Schäfers" – 4:17
"Eternal Love" – 8:18
"Dance of the Menads - Tanz der Menaden" – 6:24
"YES" (Hieronymus) – 5:02
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano
Guido Hieronymus – keyboards, electric guitar
Frank Fiedler – synthesizer
Credits
Recorded at Afro Sounds Studio, Munich, September 1995 - March 1996
Engineered by Guido Hieronymus
Sound consultant: Johannes Fricke
Produced by Popol Vuh
Executive producer: Gerhard Augustin
Project co-ordination: Don McKay and Robert Barrs-James
External links
http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119183134/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia90.htm (featuring the original credits)
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/shepherd.htm
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1997 albums
Pamela Mary Morse (née Clarke, – November 9, 2009) was a British and Canadian agricultural statistician who worked for many years as a researcher for the Statistical Research Service of Agriculture Canada.
Education and career
Pamela Clarke earned a master's degree in mathematics from the University of Oxford in 1949. They worked at the Rothamsted Experimental Station from 1947 to 1949, for the National Institute for Research in Dairying from 1949 to 1957, and for the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority in 1957 and 1958.
In 1958, they became a research scientist for the Statistical Research Service of the Canada Department of Agriculture (later, Agriculture Canada), where they would remain for the rest of their career. They married Eric Morse in 1959, and used the name Morse for their subsequent publications.
Recognition
In 1984, the American Statistical Association named Morse a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.
Selected publications
References
1920s births
2009 deaths
British statisticians
Canadian statisticians
Women statisticians
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
British emigrants to Canada
Salvia moorcroftiana is a herbaceous perennial native to the Himalayan mountains from Pakistan to western Nepal, and is especially common in the Kashmir Valley. It grows between 5,000 and 9,000 feet elevation on disturbed areas and open slopes. The leaves are used medicinally in Kashmir.
Salvia moorcroftiana grows to 2.5 feet tall, with large long-stemmed basal leaves with a toothed margin that appear to be covered with white wool. The 1 inch pale lilac flowers grow on many inflorescences that rise above the leaves. The flowers are held in a hairy calyx, with showy green-veined bracts adding to the plant's charm. In cultivation, it prefers full sun, loose soil, good drainage, and regular watering.
The plant also contains essential oil. [Manzoor A. Rather, Bilal A. Dar, Khursheed A. Bhat, Abdul S. Shawl, Mushtaq A. Qurishi, Mohd Yusuf
Dar & Bashir A. Ganai (2011): Mono-sesquiterpenoid Composition in the Leaves and Flowers of Salvia moorcroftiana Wall
ex Benth. Growing Wild in Kashmir, India, Journal of Essential Oil Research, 23:4, 21–25]
References
External links
moorcroftiana
Flora of Nepal
Flora of Pakistan
Flora of West Himalaya
Skegness Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station located in the town of Skegness, Lincolnshire, England, operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI). The station is located on the seafront of the south-east coast, north of the Wash and south of the Humber Estuary. This area of the British coastline is characterised by many shoals and constantly changing sandbanks, many of which lie between the town and the East Dudgeon Lightship. The building dates from 1990 and was the first in the British Isles constructed especially for a Mersey-class lifeboat. The boathouse also accommodates an Inshore Lifeboat and a souvenir shop.
, there are two lifeboats stationed at Skegness, the Inshore Lifeboat RNLB The Holland Family (D-842) and the All-Weather Boat RNLB Joel and April Grunnill (ON 1324).
History
The first lifeboat service in Skegness was organized by the Lincolnshire Coast Shipwreck Association who placed a lifeboat at the Gibraltar Point coastguard station. In 1859 the lifeboat and boathouse was moved from Gibraltar Point to a position in Skegness, among sand dunes to a location now called Lifeboat Avenue.
The station was taken under the control of the RNLI in 1864 who had a new boathouse constructed. The location of this first RNLI station was in Lifeboat Avenue, close to the original station. It is now a privately owned dwelling.
The RNLI built another boathouse in 1892, located on Skegness South Parade to the south of the clock tower. This boathouse had access doors for the lifeboat at either end of the building. There was also a watch room constructed on the first floor. This station was in use until 1990 when it was sold to a private buyer.
The RNLI placed an inshore lifeboat (ILB) at Skegness in May 1964. The ILB was kept in a small house close to the main beach until it was moved in 1990 to the new lifeboat station on the Tower Esplanade.
In 1990 it was decided that the cover for this area of the Lincolnshire coast would be greatly improved with the placing of a Mersey-class all-weather lifeboat at Skegness. To accommodate the new lifeboat a new purpose made station was constructed for the Mersey-class lifeboat on the Tower Esplanade. The inshore lifeboat was also placed within the same building as well as improved crew and equipment facilities. The building also included a souvenir shop to help with branch fund raising
On 20 May 2016, the Skegness D-class lifeboat, RNLB Peterborough Beer Festival IV (D-739) was taking part in a search for a missing person when a fire started on board. The fire spread rapidly, and after issuing a mayday, the crew abandoned the vessel, swimming to shore while the lifeboat sank. The RNLI started recovery operations, but the damage was severe.
In May 2017, Shannon-class Joel and April Grunnill ON1324 (13-17) officially replaced the Mersey-class Lincolnshire Poacher. The new lifeboat cost £2.2 million. They were launched at ALC Poole on 9 September 2016, delivered to Skegness on 28 January 2017, and officially named on 27 May 2017. Funding came from the legacy of Joel Grunnill, and a donation from their cousin April Grunnill, both of whom had been volunteers with the station.
In 2019, D-class lifeboat The Holland Family (D-842) was donated by Robert Holland, in honour of their parents and wider family, who have been long-term volunteers at the station.
Notable rescues
On 18 October 1854 the lifeboat crew launched to assist the stricken brig Atlanta, which had been driven onto the shore in a gale three miles north of Skegness. The Skegness lifeboat had to be drawn to the beach from town by six horses before their launch. The lifeboat rescued all aboard the Atlanta. The lifeboat's Coxswain was awarded an RNLI Silver Medal for the rescue.
On 5 December 1875 the lifeboat Herbert Ingram (first) launched at 6am to rescue the Colchester barge Star, which had been driven aground in a gale. The lifeboat took twenty minutes to reach the Star. Two crewmen were taken off the stricken vessel, but the Star's master fell into the water between the two boats. Two lifeboat crewmen went into the rough water with a line and held on to the master whilst the lifeboat was rowed to shore. For their bravery in this rescue both lifeboat crewmen were awarded RNLI silver medals.
On 9 November 1912, the Norwegian brig Azha suffered heavy storm damage off the Humber. Waterlogged and helpless, they drifted south for four days. Them crew were close to death when they were spotted, aground, on the Skegness Middle Sand. The “Samuel Lewis”, the station's last unpowered lifeboat, was launched to assist. Despite the severe weather, the lifeboat managed to get alongside the Azha and take off their crew. The brig was breaking up and was abandoned. King Haakon VII of Norway awarded the two lifeboat coxswains silver medals and written thanks.
On 27 December 1965, jackup oil rig Sea Gem collapsed 47 miles north-west of the Norfolk town of Cromer. Oakley-class lifeboat Charles Fred Grantham (ON 977) was one of several rescue boats launched the following day to search for the 32 crew of the Sea Gem. The search lasted 14 hours in high seas, freezing conditions, and gale-force wind. 19 of the Sea Gem crew were rescued, five confirmed deceased, and eight were never recovered. The RNLI sent the station a letter of appreciation for their part in the search.
Fleet
All weather boats
Inshore lifeboats
Talus MB-H launch tractor
Supacat SC-T11 system
Neighbouring stations
References
Lifeboat stations in Lincolnshire
Skegness
Buildings and structures in Lincolnshire
Opt-in email is a term used when someone is not initially added to an emailing list and is instead given the option to join the emailing list. Typically, this is some sort of mailing list, newsletter, or advertising. Opt-out emails do not ask for permission to send emails, these emails are typically criticized as unsolicited bulk emails, better known as spam.
Forms
There are several common forms of opt-in email:
Unconfirmed opt-in/single opt-in
Someone first gives an email address to the list software (for instance, on a Web page), but no steps are taken to make sure that this address belongs to the person submitting it. This can cause email from the mailing list to be considered spam because simple typos of the email address can cause the email to be sent to someone else. Malicious subscriptions are also possible, as are subscriptions that are due to spammers forging email addresses that are sent to the email address used to subscribe to the mailing list.
Confirmed opt-in (COI)/double opt-in (DOI)
A new subscriber asks to be subscribed to the mailing list, but unlike unconfirmed or single opt-in, a confirmation email is sent to verify it was really them. Generally, unless the explicit step is taken to verify the end-subscriber's e-mail address, such as clicking a special web link or sending back a reply email, it is difficult to establish that the e-mail address in question indeed belongs to the person who submitted the request to receive the e-mail. Using a confirmed opt-in (COI) (also known as a Double opt-in) procedure helps to ensure that a third party is not able to subscribe someone else accidentally, or out of malice, since if no action is taken on the part of the e-mail recipient, they will simply no longer receive any messages from the list operator. Mail system administrators and non-spam mailing list operators refer to this as confirmed subscription or closed-loop opt-in.
Some marketers call closed-loop opt-in "double opt-in". This term was coined by marketers in the late 90s to differentiate it from what they call "single opt-in", where a new subscriber to an email list gets a confirmation email telling them they will begin to receive emails if they take no action. Some marketers contend that "double opt-in" is like asking for permission twice and that it constitutes unnecessary interference with someone who has already said they want to hear from the marketer. However, it does drastically reduce the likelihood of someone being signed up to an email list by another person. Double opt-in method is used by email marketers to ensure the quality of their list by adding an extra stop in the verification process.
The US CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 does not require an opt-in approach, only an easy opt-out system. But opt-in is required by law in many European countries and elsewhere. It turns out that confirmed opt-in is the only way that you can prove that a person actually opted in, if challenged legally.
Opt-out
Instead of giving people the option to be put in the list, they are automatically put in and then have the option to request to be taken out. This approach is illegal in the European Union and many other jurisdictions.
Address authentication
Email address authentication is a technique for validating that a person claiming to possess a particular email address actually does so. This is normally done by sending an email containing a token to the address, and requiring that the party being authenticated supply that token before the authentication proceeds. The email containing the token is usually worded so as to explain the situation to the recipient and discourage them from supplying the token (often via visiting a URL) unless they in fact were attempting to authenticate.
For example, suppose that one party, Alice, operates a website on which visitors can make accounts to participate or gain access to content. Another party, Bob, comes to that website and creates an account. Bob supplies an email address at which they can be contacted, but Alice does not yet know that Bob is being truthful (consciously or not) about the address. Alice sends a token to Bob's email address for an authentication request, asking Bob to click on a particular URL if and only if the recipient of the mail was making an account on Alice's website. Bob receives the mail and clicks the URL, demonstrating to Alice that they control the email address they claimed to have. If instead a hostile party, Chuck, were to visit Alice's website attempting to masquerade as Bob, they would be unable to complete the account registration process because the confirmation would be sent to Bob's email address, to which Chuck does not have access. Wikipedia uses this mechanism too.
Best practice
The step of email address verification (confirmation) is considered by many anti-spam advocates to be the minimum degree necessary for any opt-in email advertising or other ongoing email communication.
See also
Closed-loop authentication
Email marketing
References
Spamming
Email
Muhammad Youssef (born 5 March 1960) is a Pakistani boxer. They competed in the men's super heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Super-heavyweight boxers
Pakistani male boxers
Olympic boxers of Pakistan
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Pakistan
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Narendra Krishna Karmarkar (born Circa 1956) is an Indian Mathematician. Karmarkar developed Karmarkar's algorithm.  They are listed as an ISI highly cited researcher.
They invented one of the first provably polynomial time algorithms for linear programming, which is generally referred to as an interior point method. The algorithm is a cornerstone in the field of Linear Programming. They published their famous result in 1984 while they were working for Bell Laboratories in New Jersey.
Biography
Karmarkar received their B.Tech in Electrical Engineering from IIT Bombay in 1978, M.S. from the California Institute of Technology in 1979, and Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1983 under the supervision of Richard M. Karp.
Karmarkar was a post-doctoral research fellow at IBM research (1983), Member of Technical Staff and fellow at Mathematical Sciences Research Center, AT&T Bell Laboratories (1983-1998), professor of mathematics at M.I.T. (1991), at Institute for Advanced study, Princeton (1996), and Homi Bhabha Chair Professor at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai from 1998 to 2005. They were the scientific advisor to the chairperson of the TATA group (2006-2007). During this time, they were funded by Ratan Tata to scale up the supercomputer they had designed and prototyped at TIFR. The scaled up model ranked ahead of supercomputer in Japan at that time and achieved the best ranking India ever achieved in supercomputing. They were the founding director of Computational Research labs in Pune where the scaling up work was performed. They continue to work on their new architecture for supercomputing.
Work
Karmarkar's algorithm
Karmarkar's algorithm solves linear programming problems in polynomial time. These problems are represented by a number of linear constraints involving a number of variables. The previous method of solving these problems consisted of considering the problem as a high dimensional solid with vertices, where the solution was approached by traversing from vertex to vertex. Karmarkar's novel method approaches the solution by cutting through the above solid in its traversal. Consequently, complex optimization problems are solved much faster using the Karmarkar algorithm. A practical example of this efficiency is the solution to a complex problem in communications network optimization where the solution time was reduced from weeks to days. Their algorithm thus enables faster business and policy decisions. Karmarkar's algorithm has stimulated the development of several interior point methods, some of which are used in current implementations of linear program solvers.
Galois geometry
After working on the Interior Point Method, Karmarkar worked on a new architecture for supercomputing, based on concepts from finite geometry, especially projective geometry over finite fields.
Current investigations
Currently, they are synthesizing these concepts with some new ideas they call sculpturing free space (a non-linear analogue of what has popularly been described as folding the perfect corner). This approach allows them to extend this work to the physical design of machines.  They are now publishing updates on their recent work, including an extended abstract. This new paradigm was presented at IVNC, Poland on 16 July 2008, and at MIT on 25 July 2008. Some of their recent work is published at ieeexplore. They delivered a lecture on their ongoing work at IIT Bombay in September 2013. They gave a four-part series of lectures at FOCM 2014 (Foundations of Computational Mathematics) titled "Towards a Broader View of Theory of Computing". First part of this lecture series is available at Cornell archive.
Awards
The Association for Computing Machinery awarded them the prestigious Paris Kanellakis Award in 2000 for their work on polynomial time interior point methods for linear programming for "specific theoretical accomplishments that have had a significant and demonstrable effect on the practice of computing".
Srinivasa Ramanujan Birth Centenary Award for 1999, presented by the Prime Minister of India.
Distinguished Alumnus Award, Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, 1996
Distinguished Alumnus Award, Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Berkeley (1993)
Fulkerson Prize in Discrete Mathematics given jointly by the American Mathematical Society & Mathematical Programming Society (1988)
Fellow of Bell Laboratories (1987– )
Texas Instruments Founders' Prize (1986)
Marconi International Young Scientist Award (1985)
Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement, presented by former U.S. president (1985)
Frederick W. Lanchester Prize of the Operations Research Society of America for the Best Published Contributions to Operations Research (1984)
President of India gold medal, I.I.T. Bombay (1978)
References
External links
Distinguished Alumnus 1996 IIT Bombay
Flashback: An Interior Point Method for Linear Programming IIT Bombay Heritage Fund
Karmarkar function in Scilab
1957 births
Living people
Theoretical computer scientists
Numerical analysts
20th-century Indian mathematicians
21st-century Indian mathematicians
Indian computer scientists
American computer scientists
Scientists at Bell Labs
University of California, Berkeley alumni
IIT Bombay alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
Indian emigrants to the United States
American operations researchers
Indian operations researchers
American academics of Indian descent
People from Gwalior
The System to Retrieve Information from Drug Evidence (STRIDE) is a United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) program consisting of six subsystems providing information on drug intelligence, statistics on markings found on pills and capsules, drug inventory, tracking, statistical information on drugs removed from the marketplace, utilization of laboratory manpower and information on subsystems analyzed outside of the DEA laboratory system where DEA participated in the seizures.
Purpose
The system provides the medium for inputting, updating and displaying the results of analysis of substance evidence and for the characterization of physical and chemical characteristics of substance evidence to determine the origin of the evidence.
Controversy
Academic uses of the STRIDE data to look for trends in pricing and other data has been criticized because the sampling entered into the system is limited to successful operations and is thus relatively small and not necessarily representative of the greater market.
References
External links
US-DEA Stride Data
Law enforcement in the United States
Drug Enforcement Administration
Government databases in the United States
Pegasus Hotel may refer to:
Jamaica Pegasus Hotel, a hotel in Kingston, Jamaica
Howard "Howie" Jolliff (born July 20, 1938) is an American former professional basketball player. Jolliff was selected in the 1960 NBA Draft by the Minneapolis Lakers after a collegiate career at Ohio University. In their NBA career, Jolliff averaged 2.8 points, 4.2 rebounds, and 0.8 assists per game while playing for the Lakers.
In 2010, ESPN ranked them as the "least productive player in Lakers history" among players who had played in at least 100 games for the team.
References
1938 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Canton, Ohio
Centers (basketball)
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Los Angeles Lakers players
Minneapolis Lakers draft picks
Ohio Bobcats men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Abdoldjavad Falaturi (1926–1996) () was a German scholar of Iranian origin.
They studied Islam (theology, sharia, ...) in Iran, up to the highest possible level, before going to Germany where they studied philosophy (up to PhD). They have also written several other official publications (together with Udo Tworuschka) for education in Germany on Islamic theology (initially "Der Islam im Unterricht. Beiträge zur interkulturellen Erziehung in Europa", in: Beilage zu den Studien zur Internationalen Schulbuchforschung, Braunschweig : Georg-Eckert-Institut, 1992.)
They focussed on the confusion between cultural habits and religious rules. Among others, they write that it is incorrect to state that the chador is a religious obligation.
Bibliography
Islam in Religious Education Textbooks in Europe, 1995
Katalog Der Bibliothek Des Schiitischen Schrifttums Im Orientalischen Seminar Der Universitat Zu Koln / Catalog of the Schi'ite Collection in the Orie (German Edition), 1996
Three Ways to One God, with Elizabeth Petuchowski and Jakob Josef Petuchowski
We believe in one god : the experience of God in Christianity and Islam, with Annemarie Schimmel; Burns and Oates, London, 1979.
Elementary Persian Grammar, 1967
An unpublished treatise of Miskawaih on Justice or Risāla fī Māhiyat al-'adl li Miskawaih., 1968 (German and English Edition)
Islam in the classroom: Contributions to intercultural education in Europe. German Edition, 1991 (Co-authored with Udo Tworuschka)
History of Religion in Public (Cologne publications on the history of religion; Vol. 1). German Edition
Muslim thoughts for Teachers and textbooks authors
Qişşat al-īmān baina al-falsafa wa al-'ilm wa al-qur'ān., 1965 (German edition)
Zur Interpretation der Kantischen Ethik im Lichte der Achtung. Mit einem Anhang: Vorarbeit zu Studien zu einem allgemeinen Kantwörterbuch / Abdoldjavad Falaturi, 1965 (Thesis (doctoral)--Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, 1926.)
A Guide To The Presentation Of Islam In School Textbooks
Analysis of the Catholic religion books on the subject of Islam (Islam in the school books of the Federal Republic of Germany), 1988 (Co-Author) German Edition
Beitrage zu islamischem Rechtsdenken, 2006 doi:10.2307/1570994
Interreligiöse Toleranz: Von der Notwendigkeit des christlich-islamischen Dialogs (German Edition), 2014. (Contributing author)
Handbuch Theologie Der Religionen: Texte Zur Religiosen Vielfalt Und Zum Interreligiosen Dialog (German Edition), 2017
Die Umdeutung der griechischen Philosophie durch das islamische Denken (German Edition), 2018.
1926 births
1996 deaths
Iranian writers
Iranian writers in German
German-language writers
Islamic philosophers
German Shia Muslims
German male writers
Faculty of Theology and Islamic Studies of the University of Tehran alumni
Burials at Takht-e Foulad
Valerio Tebaldi (born 2 July 1965) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer. Tebaldi was born at Chiuduno. They won a stage in the 1988 Tour de France and in the 1989 Tour de France.
Major results
1988
Tour de France:
Winner stage 7
1989
Tour de France:
Winner stage 12
External links
Italian male cyclists
1965 births
Living people
Italian Tour de France stage winners
Cyclists from the Province of Bergamo
Santa Maria in Calanca Castle () is a tower in the municipality of Santa Maria in Calanca of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It, along with the neighboring Church of the Assumption of St. Mary, are both Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
History
The castle ruins are located on a hill top at the entrance to the Calanca valley. The hill top was inhabited prehistorically and by the late Roman era was home to the Church of Santa Maria. By the High Middle Ages it was the political center of the entire valley. By the 12th century the first castle was built on the hill below the church. This castle was probably built for the de Calanca family, of which Anricus de Calanca is first mentioned in 1203. The first castle probably consisted of a ring wall that followed the top of the hill and a residential building in the north corner.
Around the end of the 13th century, the first castle was replaced with a new tower. Around this time the castle and lands had passed to the powerful Counts of Sax-Misox. The first mention of a member of the family at Santa Maria was Martin von Sax in 1291. The original castle was replaced with large five-sided donjon. Two of the three levels were built as living quarters. The stairways, chimneys and toilets were all built into the walls. The lower level held the cistern and supplies for the castle. The high entrance into the castle was on the west side. The layout and design of Santa Maria is unlike any other castle in the Alps and northern Italy, but resembles a number of castles in northern and central France. The builder of the castle was likely trained in France, which would explain the unusual design.
In 1434 the castle was owned by the Sax-Grono branch of the Sax-Misox family. In 1480 they sold their headquarters at Mesocco Castle and its associated demesne, including the Santa Maria area, to General Giacomo Trivulzio. Trivulzio had been sent by Milan to acquire the Misox and Calanca valleys and strengthen their claims. However, over the following years, they broke with Milan and allied with the Three Leagues. In the 1480 sale, the castle was not mentioned, meaning that it may have already been abandoned. The thick walls of the donjon allowed it to withstand centuries of neglect. The first restoration was in 1932-34, after which it was used as an observation tower. It was repaired again in 1979.
Castle site
The castle is located on a hill above the village of Santa Maria in Calanca. The main village street passes by the parish church on its way to the castle. The large donjon is five-sided on the outside, while the interior is rectangular. In most places the walls are thick, but are up to thick in places. Fragments of the old residence tract are visible on the north end of the hilltop as is a small part of the old ring wall to the west.
Church of the Assumption of St. Mary
The parish church of Assumption of St. Mary was first mentioned in 1219 and was the center of a parish that covered the entire valley. The choir was built in 1385 or 1416 and the nave extended in 1606. The Gothic bell tower is north of the choir and is topped with a Baroque octagonal pyramid spire. The west Tuscan style portico leads to the portal which is decorated with statues from 1626. The nave is decorated with a richly painted Renaissance ceiling from 1606. Above the choir, the cherubs hold the coats of arms of Calanca, the Gray League, Grono and San Vittore.
The original high altar, by Ivo Strigels in 1512, was moved to the Basel Historical Museum in 1887.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Fraus pteromela is a moth of the family Hepialidae. It is found in most of the southern half of Australia.
The wingspan is about 25 mm for males and 35 mm for females.
References
Moths described in 1892
Hepialidae
Verbena incompta, the purpletop vervain, is a species of plant from the genus Verbena. The species was described in 1995 by P.W. Michael.
The species is presumed to be of South American origin, but also appears in Italy and Spain.
References
incompta
Ed Zifcak is an American retired ice hockey left winger who was an AHCA Second Team All-American for St. Lawrence.
Career
Zifcak was a star player for the Burrillville Broncos as a junior player and their scoring punch garnered them an athletic scholarship with St. Lawrence University. They started playing for the varsity team in 1952, just after the team made its first NCAA tournament appearance. The Saints were a decent team in their first year with the squad but it was in their second year that the team began to dominate their competition. The Saints finished the year with an 18–3–1 record and tied for the Tri-State League championship. However, a loss at the end of the year to co-champion Rensselaer proved costly and the Bachelors received a tournament bid instead of the Saints.
Zifcak's scoring improved dramatically in their junior season and the Larries were again the class of the east, winning the league championship outright and earning an NCAA tournament appearance. The Saints faced Colorado College in the semifinal and had a difficult time scoring. CC held the Larries at bay in the first two periods before Zifcak broke through in the third but their goal was the only one for St. Lawrence and the team headed to the consolation game once again.
For their senior season Zifcak was named co-team captain along with Bill Sloan and led the team to another stellar season (17–4). The Saints made their third tournament appearance but because Zifcak was in their 4th year of varsity play (the NCAA limited players to 3 years of varsity play at the time) Zifcak was unable to play. Despite having to watch from the sidelines, Zifcak was named as an AHCA Second Team All-American along with two other teammates.
After graduating Zifcak joined the US national team. While the team boycotted the 1957 World Championships due to the Soviet Union's response to the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, they remained with the team and played in the 1958 tournament. The team finished in 5th place with Zifcak being held scoreless in four games.
Zifcak continued to play hockey, appearing in games as late as 1967. They were inducted into the Rhode Island Hockey Hall of Fame in 2018.
Statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1934 births
Living people
American ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey players from Rhode Island
People from Burrillville, Rhode Island
St. Lawrence Saints men's ice hockey players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
KZLU may refer to:
KZLU-LP, a radio station (102.1 FM) licensed to serve Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States
KYUA, a radio station (88.5 FM) licensed to serve Inyokern, California, United States, which held the call sign KZLU from 2005 to 2016
Blackwell Golf Club is a golf club situated in the village of Blackwell near Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, England. It has been hosted to regional qualifying for The Open Championship on many occasions and is recognised as one of the best courses in the county.
History
Blackwell Golf Club opened in 1893 as a nine-hole golf course on part of the Hewell Estate. In 1923, a new eighteen-hole course was designed by William Herbert Fowler and Tom Simpson. The 12th hole has an unusual feature, with a 200 yard long bunker running the length of the hole.
References
Further reading
External links
Golf clubs and courses in England
Galaxi (also Galaxy) is the common name of a series of mass-produced roller coasters manufactured primarily by Italian company S.D.C, which went bankrupt in 1993. The roller coaster design was first used in the 1970s, and as of 2009, sixteen Galaxi coasters are still in park-based operation, across the North American, European, and Australian continents, with another two "Standing But Not Operating". At least 37 amusement parks are or have previously operated Galaxi coasters; this does not include those owned by funfairs and traveling ride companies.
Layout
The Galaxi has a track length of , with a ride time of 122 seconds and a maximum speed just over . The track is steel. Trains consist of two four-seat cars, making 8 passengers per train. The ride is designed to be transportable, and disassembles onto seven trailers.
In Pop Culture
In the season 4 CSI episode "Turn of the Screws", the subject of the main investigation is a Galaxi coaster. A sabotaged train with five passengers derailed and landed in a nearby parking lot, killing the riders and revealing the body of a park employee hidden in the trunk of a car. The Galaxi used for filming was Screaming Mummy at Pharaoh's Lost Kingdom.
Appearances
Adventureland as "Galaxy" in Farmingdale, NY (1973-1990)
Queen's Park as "Cyclone" in Long Beach, CA (1969-1979)
Fantasilandia as "Galaxy" in Santiago, Chile (1978–2013)
Indiana Beach as "Galaxi" in Monticello, Indiana (1971-2013)
Clarence Pier as "Skyways" in Portsmouth, Hampshire, UK. (1980–2018)
Kings Island as Bavarian Beetle in Mason, OH (1972–1979)
Sea World as Thrillseeker on the Gold Coast, Australia (1981–2002)
Luna Park Melbourne as Metropolis (1990-2012).
Canobie Lake Park as "Galaxi", later renamed "Rockin' Rider" in Salem, New Hampshire. (1970-2004)
Europark as "Grand Huit" in Vias, Languedoc-Roussillon, France
LeSourdsville Lake Amusement Park and Kokomos Family Fun Center as "The Serpent" in Middletown, Ohio (LeSourdsville) (1989-2002) and Saginaw, Michigan (Kokomos) (2009–present)
Palace Playland as "Galaxi" in Old Orchard Beach, Maine. (1994–2017). (Was located at Peony Park As "Galaxy Orbit" from (1972-1994)
Miracle Strip at Pier Park as "1970 Galaxy Rip Tide Coaster" in Panama City Beach, Florida. (2014-2015)
Blue Bayou and Dixie Landin' as Gilbeau's Galaxi in Baton Rouge, Louisiana (2001–present)
Sylvan Beach Amusement Park as Galaxi in Sylvan Beach, New York (1994–Present)
Joyland Amusement Park as "Galaxi" in Lubbock, Texas (1989–present)
Frontier City as "Nightmare Mine" in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (1989-1999; another ride of the same name was added to the park in 1999 but closed in 2000)
Cliff's Amusement Park as "Galaxi" in Albuquerque, New Mexico (1976–present)
Kings Dominion as "Galaxi" in Doswell, Virginia (1975-1983)
Hydro Adventures as "Galaxy 500" in Poplar Bluff, Missouri (2016–present)
Daytona Beach Boardwalk as "Sandblaster" in Daytona Beach, Florida (2013–2018)
Funtown Splashtown USA as "Galaxi" in Saco, Maine (1978-2009)
White Swan Park as "Galaxi" in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania (unknown-1989)
Myrtle Beach Pavilion as "Galaxi" in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina (19??- 1997)
Italo Americano Park as "Galaxy", in Caracas, Venezuela (unknown-2011)
Footrot Flats Leisure Park as "Cannonball Run " in Auckland, New Zealand from 1985 to circa 1990. Now owned by Mahon Amusements but unsure if still operable.
Parque de Atracciones de Zaragoza as "Moncayo" in Zaragoza, Spain (1974-present)
References
Steel roller coasters
Mass-produced roller coasters
Roller coasters introduced in 1970
Roller coasters in Texas
Gande may refer to:
Gande (river), a river in Lower Saxony, Germany
Gande County (甘德县), Golog Prefecture, Qinghai, China
Gande, Anxi County (感德镇), a town in Anxi County, Fujian, China
Gande, Togo, a village in Kara Region of north-eastern Togo
Barbadian English or Bajan () English is a dialect of the English language as used by Barbadians (Bajans) and by Barbadian diasporas. It should not be confused with Bajan Creole, which is an English-based creole language.
Pronunciation
Barbadian English is fully rhotic and full of glottal stops. One example of Barbadian English would be the pronunciation of departments, which is . It is also notable, in comparison with standard American or British English, for the first vowel in price or prize.
The realization of the vowel in Barbadian English is pretty much the same as in American English, the default .
The vowel is .
The vowel is usually .
The vowel is usually or .
The vowel is the same as in the US English, .
The vowel is .
The vowel is . is best identified as an allophone of this phoneme, thus .
The diphthong varies by region and education/class: it manifests in educated speech generally as or sometimes , and in rural and uneducated speech as the vowel .
The vowel is mostly . The diaphoneme is mostly to be identified with this vowel (see trap-bath split)
The vowel is or .
The diphthong is generally or .
The and sequences are both , resulting in the near-square merger.
The sequence is .
The sequence is usually or .
The sequence and the sequence are both usually .
The vowel is .
The vowel is mostly .
The diphthong is generally .
The diphthong is either or .
The diphthong is .
The final vowel is .
The final vowel is .
The final vowel is .
The and vowels are not merged in Barbadian English. However the vowels of , , and are generally merged.
See also
Barbados
References
Barbados
Barbados
English
Dr. Charles William Conn (January 20, 1920 – March 18, 2008) was an American influential figure in the Church of God (Cleveland) whose responsibilities spanned a wide spectrum of positions throughout their ministerial career. They were a native of Riverside, Georgia, a suburb community of Atlanta, and the son of Albert Cason Conn and Belle Brimer Conn. They were married for 56 years to Edna Minor, who died in 1997, and they had twelve children: Philip, Sara, Stephen, Paul, Sharon, Raymond, Camilla, Mark, Catherine, Bruce, Jeffrey and Melody.
They were president emeritus of Lee University, after serving 12 years (1970–82) as president of Lee College. They were an ordained minister in the Church of God, entering the clergy in 1940. They were a general overseer of the Church of God for four years (1966–70) ) and editor-in-chief of Pathway Press for 10 years (1952–62).
Early ministerial career
Conn accepted Christ on May 1, 1939, and united with the Riverside Church of God near Atlanta, where they were mentored by pastor G. R. Watson. They attended Lee University (then known as the Bible Training School in Sevierville, Tennessee) where they met Edna Minor, a student from Decatur, Alabama, whom they married on April 7, 1941.
Both felt a calling to full-time Christian ministry. After their marriage, they worked in numerous states in evangelism and youth ministry. Conn served as the Sunday school and youth director for the Church of God in Louisiana before moving to Missouri in 1942, where they and their wife served for six years as pastor of churches in St. Joseph and Leadwood. Conn authored 23 books, including Like a Mighty Army, Moves the Church of God, the official history of the Church of God, which was first published in 1955. This book has been revised and reissued three times since its initial release, as well as being published in several languages.
Early writing career
A gifted writer from an early age, Conn first gained widespread attention within the denomination for their writing. They moved to Cleveland, Tennessee in 1948 to become editor of The Lighted Pathway, a youth-oriented publication, and four years later became editor of the Church of God Evangel, which was at the time a weekly magazine serving as the official publication of the Church of God. During their period as editor, they were known for writing insightful and memorable editorials and columns, and developed a reputation throughout the denomination for their balanced and progressive leadership.
National influence
They were elected to serve on the church's highest administrative body, the Executive Committee, in 1962, where they began a four-year term as assistant general overseer. In 1966, the Church of God elected them to its top executive position. During the four-year tenure as general overseer which followed, they supervised the amalgamation into the denomination of the Bethel Church of Indonesia, which today accounts for 2.5 million members. They also directed the construction of a new headquarters building for the international church, moving its offices to the site at Keith and 25th Streets in Cleveland, Tennessee, which it occupies today. They also emphasized spiritual renewal and the creation of a general program of education to advance sound ministerial preparation, including the projection of a seminary, which was established in 1975. Conn helped foster within the Church of God an acceptance of educational pursuits and an acceptance of broader Christianity. They also emphasized the internationalization of the Church of God and visited each major area of the denomination during their tenure as general overseer. Their ministry was characterized by their vision, integrity, and ability to connect with Church of God membership at the grassroots level.
Their 12-year presidency of Lee College (now Lee University) was at that time the longest in the institution's history. During the years of their leadership, the school set new enrollment records, built a married student apartment complex, and an auditorium, which was named the Charles W. Conn Center by the college board of directors in 1978, and made huge strides toward a broad range of academic and civic goals. They would later reflect on their teaching and administrative roles at Lee College as their most enjoyable years in ministry.
Recognition
Among their numerous honors include being recognized by the denomination in 2002 with the inception of the Charles W. Conn Historical Writing Award, which biennially recognizes authors of outstanding books and articles related to the history and heritage of the Church of God. At that time, the denomination noted that "Charles W. Conn has symbolized the best of historical and literary writing in the Church of God for over 50 years.... [His] writings are the standard by which future historical writings will be judged." In 2003 Lee University established the Charles W. Conn Servant Leadership Scholarship to emphasize the importance of serving others and recognize students who demonstrate an outstanding commitment to service during their time at Lee. In addition, students who receive this scholarship give a portion of the proceeds to a charity of their choice. Each of these honors reflects the life and ministry of Dr. Conn and help continue their legacy among a new generation.
Conn's interests included classical music, literature, history, world travel, photography, and writing poetry.
Conn died Tuesday, March 18, 2008, in a Chattanooga, Tennessee hospital, following a heart attack which they suffered four days earlier.
Career in the Church of God
United as a member: Riverside Church of God near Atlanta, Georgia, 1939
First Licensed: September 16, 1940 - Ordained: March 28, 1946
Sunday School and Youth Director of Louisiana, 1940–1941
Pastorates: St. Joseph, Missouri (1942–1944)
Leadwood, Missouri (1944–1948)
Director of Sunday School and Youth Literature, 1948–1952
Editor of The Lighted Pathway, 1948–1952
Editor-In-Chief of Church of God Publications, 1952–1962
Executive Council, 1952–1960; 1962–1974; 1976–1980; 1982–1984; 1986–1990
General Executive Committee, 1952–1956; 1962–1970
Public Relations Director, 1960–1962
Radio and Television Board, 1962–1964
Executive Director of Ministry to the Military, 1962–1966
Assistant General Overseer, 1962–1966
National Laymen's Board, 1964–1966
General Overseer, 1966–1970
President of Lee College, 1970–1982
Overseer of Virginia, 1982–1984
Official Historian of the Church of God, 1977–2008
Centennial Commission, Chairman 1980-1986
Interdenominational career
Presidium, Pentecostal World Conference (now the Pentecostal World Fellowship), 1966–1970
Executive Committee, Pentecostal Fellowship of North America (now the Pentecostal-Charismatic Churches of North America), 1962–1970
Board of Directors, National Association of Evangelicals, 1966–1970
Books by Charles W. Conn
Like A Mighty Army, Moves the Church of God (1955)
Pillars of Pentecost (1956)
The Evangel Reader: Selections from the Church of God Evangel, 1910-1958 (1958)
Where The Saints Have Trod: A History of Church of God Missions (1959)
The Rudder and the Rock (1960)
The Bible: Book of Books (1961)
A Guide To The Pentateuch (1963)
Christ and the Gospels (1964)
A Certain Journey (1965)
Acts of the Apostles (1965)
Why Men Go Back: Studies in Defection and Devotion (1966)
A Survey of the Epistles (1969)
The Pointed Pen: The Maxims of Charles W. Conn (1973)
Highlights of Hebrew History (1975)
A Balanced Church (1975)
What is the Church? (1975)
The Relevant Record (1976)
Like A Mighty Army: A History of the Church of God, 1886-1976 (Revised Edition 1977)
Poets and Prophets of Israel (1981)
Cradle of Pentecost: North Cleveland Church of God (1981)
The Anatomy of Evil (1981)
Images of a People: An Album of Church of God History (1986)
Our First 100 Years, 1886-1986: A Retrospective (1986)
The Living Book: A Disciples Guide to Understanding the Bible (1989)
When Your Upright World Turns Upside Down: Coping with the Tragedies of Life (1990)
Like A Mighty Army: A History of the Church of God, 1886-1995 (Definitive Edition 1996)
References
1920 births
2008 deaths
American Pentecostal pastors
Lee University alumni
Presidents of Lee University
Writers from Atlanta
20th-century American clergy
Ipulo or Assumbo is a Tivoid language of Cameroon. The rather divergent dialects are Olulu and Tinta/Etongo.
References
Languages of Cameroon
Tivoid languages
Froma I. Zeitlin is an American Classics scholar. They specialize in ancient Greek literature, with particular interests in epic, drama and prose fiction, along with work in gender criticism, and the relationship between art and text in the context of the visual culture of antiquity. Zeitlin's work on establishing new approaches to Greek tragedy has been considered particularly influential.
Career
Froma Zeitlin was born in New York, and grew up on the Upper West Side, where they were educated in a public girls' high school. In 1951 they began their studies at Radcliffe College (B.A. 1954) and at the Catholic University of America (M.A. 1965). After a nine-year break, they returned to graduate school, and was awarded their PhD by Columbia University in 1970. Them thesis was entitled The Ritual World of Greek Tragedy.
During the final year of writing their dissertation, they started their first job at Brooklyn College. From 1970 to 1976 they were an assistant professor at Rutgers University, and they became an associate professor in 1967. In 1965, during their time at Rutgers, they were awarded a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Zeitlin joined the faculty of Princeton University in 1976, where they taught Greek Literature, Greek Mythology and Gender studies. They joined Princeton at a time where there were other influential women in the department, notably Ann Bergren, Janet Martin and Lois Hinckley, although Bergren and Hinckley left shortly afterwards. They became Professor of Classics in 1983, and of Comparative Literature in 1989. From 1992 Zeitlin was the Charles Ewing Professor of Greek Language and Literature. In 1996 Zeitlin founded the Judaic Studies program at Princeton, and directed it until 2005. In 1995/6 they were the Sather Professor of Classical Literature at the University of California, Berkeley. Among other honors, they have been Directeur d'Études Associé at both the Collège de France and the École Pratique des Hautes Études; they are an honorary fellow of Newnham College, and in 2001 was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Influence
Froma Zeitlin was one of the first Classicists to apply methods from Structuralism, Semiotics and Gender Studies to Ancient Literature. They describe their interest in Gender Studies as being related to its value as a tool, through which the events of Greek Tragedy could be understood. They have also been considered particularly influential for their role in creating links between European theorists (such as Jean-Pierre Vernant) and the field of Classics in America.
They have written numerous essays and monographs dealing with overarching cultural themes, many of which have influenced the creation of significant new approaches or debates.
Personal life
Zeitlin is the mother of the economic historian Jonathan Zeitlin, the scholar of Chinese literature Judith Zeitlin and programming librarian Ariel Zeitlin.
Selected works
Single-authored books
The Ritual World of Greek Tragedy. Ann Arbor 1973
Under the Sign of the Shield: Semiotics and Aeschylus' Seven against Thebes. Lanham 1982. 2nd Ed, Lanham 2009.
Playing the Other. Gender and Society in Classical Greek Literature. Chicago 1996.
Co-edited volumes
Nothing to do with Dionysos? Athenian Drama in Its Social Context. Princeton 1990.
Jean-Pierre Vernant: Mortals and Immortals. Collected Essays. Princeton 1991.
Before Sexuality: The Construction of Erotic Experience in the Ancient Greek World. Princeton 1991.
Notes
External links
Froma I. Zeitlin, Curriculum Vitae (PDF)
Froma Zeitlin at Princeton University
Photos of Froma Zeitlin
A Brief History of the Sather Professorship
Living people
American classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Scholars of ancient Greek literature
Radcliffe College alumni
1933 births
Princeton University faculty
The Drennen-Scott House is a historic house museum on North 3rd Street in Van Buren, Arkansas. It is a single-story log structure, finished in clapboards, with a side-gable roof that has a slight bell-cast shape due to the projection of the roof over the front porch that extends across the width of its main block. The house was built in 1836 by John Drennen, one of Van Buren's first settlers. Drennen and their brother-in-law David Thompson were responsible for platting the town, and Drennen was politically active, serving in the territorial and state legislatures, and at the state constitutional convention. The house remained in the hands of Drennen descendants until it was acquired by the University of Arkansas at Fort Smith, which operates it as a house museum.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Arkansas
References
External links
Drennen-Scott House web site
UAFS Drennen-Scott House - City of Van Buren
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1836
Houses in Crawford County, Arkansas
Historic house museums in Arkansas
Museums in Crawford County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Crawford County, Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Van Buren, Arkansas
The Stone Fields in the Schmale Heath and Extension () is a nature reserve (Naturschutzgebiet), 199 hectares in area, on the German island of Rügen in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. It includes large flint fields (), a representative section of the Schmale Heath and a separate extension with near-natural coastal dunes. The reserve was created on 27 April 1935. Two extensions of the nature reserve area came into force in the years 1959 and 1990.
The areas are located seven kilometres north of Binz between the Kleiner Jasmunder Bodden and the Baltic Sea. The reserve is assessed as in good condition. The high numbers of visiting tourists in the flint fields causes disturbances, though, to the fauna.
The nature reserve is accessible via a footpath from Neu Mukran.
In 2009 the nature reserve areas were taken over by the German Federal Environment Foundation (Deutsche Bundesstiftung Umwelt). According to EU law, the nature reserve is part of the Special Area of Conservation known as the Kleiner Jasmunder Bodden, Jasmund Peninsula and Schmale Heath (Kleiner Jasmunder Bodden mit Halbinseln und Schmaler Heide).
References
Literature
External links
Ordinance for the extension of the nature reserve
Information from the M-V state portal
M-V environmental map portal with geodata (nature reserve boundary, biotope mapping etc.)
Nature reserves in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Geography of Rügen
Binz
The Canton of Pipriac is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the southwest of the department. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 9 communes, and its population was 14,274 in 2012.
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
is a railway station in Kaita, Aki District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Kaitaichi Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line and Kure Line.
Layout
The station has one side platform and two island platforms on ground level, with an elevated station office located above the platforms and the tracks. The Sanyo Main Line has 4 tracks between this station and Hiroshima station. The track used by Kure Line trains bound for Yano splits off the track used by Sanyo Line trains around Aki-Nakano, located about 600m west from this station.
There is a track without platform out of track 5.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Guinan may refer to:
Guinan County, Qinghai, China
Guinan dialect, of Yue Chinese
Guinan (Star Trek character), fictional character of Star Trek science fiction franchise
People with the given name
Guinan Khairy (1903–1938), Bashkir poet, writer and playwright
People with the surname
J. Edward Guinan, American community activist, founder of the Community for Creative Non-Violence
Edward Guinan, American professor of astronomy and astrophysics
Francis Guinan, American actor
Francisco González Guinán (1841–1932), Venezuelan politician, journalist, lawyer, and historian
Larry Guinan (born 1938), Irish hurler
Mary Guinan, American virologist
Matthew Guinan (1910–1995), American labor organizer
Robert Guinan (1934–2016), Chicago-based American painter
Steve Guinan (born 1975), English footballer
Texas Guinan (1884–1933), American actor, producer and entrepreneur
Zakir Majidov () (26 June 1956 – 6 August 1992), National Hero of Azerbaijan, was born June 26, 1956 in the Hasanabad village of the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Education and professional service
In 1974, Zakir entered the High Military Aviation School in the Sasovo city of the Ryazan Oblast of Russia. In 1977, they graduated from the same school and received the rank of lieutenant. In 1978, they worked as a mechanic at the Baku airline division. In 1979, they worked in the summer flights on the AN-2 plane at the Zabrat airline division. In 1980, they were appointed a commander of the AN-2 plane at the Zabrat airline division. The young lieutenant had worked in this company for seven years. In 1984, to increase qualifications, they passed the course of six months development for MI-2 helicopter at the Kremenchug Pilots School of Ukraine. Finally, in 1985, they were appointed commander of crew of the MI-2 helicopter.
Death
In February, 1992, Zakir Majidov was appointed commander one of the MI-24 helicopters in the military aviation section in the Gala settlement of the Baku. They participated in the many battles with the same helicopter in Nagorno-Karabakh War. On August 6, 1992, Zakir Majidov flew three times with together crew and successfully accomplished combat missions on the direction of the Kasapet height. They have got combat order for fourth time but it was their last flight. The crew of MI-24 helicopter, 36 year old chief commander Zakir Majidov, 22 year old pilot operator Ruslan Polovinko and 19 year old well-aimed sniper Javanshir Rahimov were killed by missile strike.
Family
They married in November 1991. Their son, Fuad, was born after three months their death.
Awards
They were posthumously awarded the title of the National Hero of Azerbaijan on 14 September 1992, by the decree №204 of the President of Azerbaijan Republic.
They were buried at the Alley of Martyrs in the Baku.
References
External links
Vüqar Əsgərov. "Azərbaycanın Milli Qəhrəmanları" (Yenidən işlənmiş II nəşr). Bakı: "Dərələyəz-M", 2010, səh. 185.
1956 births
1992 deaths
Azerbaijani military personnel
Azerbaijani military personnel of the Nagorno-Karabakh War
Azerbaijani military personnel killed in action
National Heroes of Azerbaijan
People from Neftchala District
Ryazan Guards Higher Airborne Command School alumni
The 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Copenhagen, Denmark. This event was held under the International Canoe Federation.
The men's competition consisted of four Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Two events were held for the women, both in kayak. Events that debuted at these championships were C-1 10000 m and K-4 10000 m.
This was the third championships in canoe sprint.
Medal summary
Man 's
Canoe
Kayak
Woman 's
Kayak
Medals table
References
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 1: flatwater (now sprint): 1936-2007.
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 2: rest of flatwater (now sprint) and remaining canoeing disciplines: 1936-2007.
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships, 1950
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships, 1950
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Denmark
Canoeing in Denmark
Tomáš Nemčík (born 19 April 2001) is a professional Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MŠK Žilina as a defender.
Club career
MŠK Žilina
Nemčík made their Fortuna Liga debut for Žilina during an away fixture against Ružomberok on 21 October 2020. They appeared in the starting-XI and completed the entirety of the match. While Žilina was one up after the first half after a goal by Dawid Kurminowski, Šošoni conceded twice in the last ten minutes following strikes by Matej Kochan and Martin Regáli, losing the game 1:2.
In March 2022, Nemčík had extended their contract with Žilina until the summer of 2024.
References
External links
MŠK Žilina official club profile
Futbalnet profile
Fortuna Liga profile
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Žilina
Slovak footballers
Slovakia youth international footballers
Slovakia under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
MŠK Žilina players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Slovak Super Liga players
Pius F. Koakanu (sometimes known as John F. Koakanu or Koakanu II; died March 2, 1885) was a Hawaiian high chief (aliʻi) from the island of Kauai who served as a politician during the Kingdom of Hawaii and the Kahu or Keeper of the Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii at Mauna ʻAla.
Life and career
Koakanu was the son of Namaile and the influential High Chiefess Kuini Liliha, who served as Governor of Oahu from 1829 to 1831 and was also the hānai (adoptive) daughter of Hoapili, a confidante of King Kamehameha I. They shared name with their maternal grandfather Koakanu. Through their mother, they were descended from the ancient kings of Hawaii Island and the Moi of Maui. Their full siblings were Abigail Maheha and Kailinoa while their half-siblings were Jane Loeau, Aberahama Kaikioewa Palekaluhi, and Mary Ann Kiliwehi. Two of their sisters Jane and Abigail studied at the Chiefs' Children's School, also known as the Royal School, a select school for the royal children of the highest rank who were chosen by Kamehameha III to be eligible for the throne of the Kingdom of Hawaii. Koakanu was considered a high chief of Kauai and resided at Koloa.
Koakanu served as a member of the House of Representatives for Koloa, Kauai in the Legislature of the Kingdom of Hawaii. They were first elected as an Independent candidate against Kaiu, the Government candidate, for the regular session of 1868, which ran from April 18 to June 24. Koakanu did not serve in the next two session and William Hyde Rice was elected instead as Koloa's representative for the 1870 and 1872 sessions. Koakanu was re-elected in 1874 and served the special session and regular session of 1874. In 1874, after the death of Lunalilo without an heir, a monarchical election was held to decide who would succeed to the throne; Koakanu participated in the special session of the legislature which voted thirty-nine to six in favor of Kalākaua over Queen Dowager Emma as the second elected monarch of Hawaii. The subsequent announcement to the public triggered the Honolulu Courthouse riot as Emmaite supporters hunted down and attacked native legislators who supported Kalākaua. As one of the legislators to vote for Kalākaua, Koakanu was beaten by the rioters. Historian Jon Kamakawiwoʻole Osorio noted that "the attacks were conducted by Natives against Natives over issues of loyalty and kanaka identity". The rioters tore apart the courthouse and created makeshift clubs to use as bludgeons. One legislator J. W. Lonoaea later died from their wounds. In order to quell the civil disruption, American and British troops were landed with the permission of the Hawaiian government, and the rioters were arrested. Koakanu recovered and returned on April 30 to serve out their post during the regular session which ended August 8.
In 1877, they and Kalākaua became one of the twelve charter members of the Hui Kawaihau, a business group involved in sugar cultivation near Kapaʻa in eastern Kauai. They unsuccessfully appealed to overturn the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Estate in 1885 by claiming to be an heir-in-law as Pauahi's third cousin (both sharing descent from the Maui King Kamehamehanui Aiʻluau). The appeal was denied on the ground they were too distantly related to the deceased and other closer relations had not expressed their claims. Sometime after the death of Haumea on May 3, 1878, Koakanu was appointed as Kahu or Keeper of the Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii at Mauna ʻAla, a position they held until their death.
Death
Koakanu died on March 2, 1885, at Nuʻuanu. Their obituaries in the Hawaiian newspapers Ko Hawaii Paeaina and Ka Nupepa Kuokoa noted they were not ill at the time of their death. Their obituary in the English newspaper The Pacific Commercial Advertiser noted their fail attempts at overturning the Bishop Estate and stated "his death being caused, as their acquaintance report, by remorse and fear."
Koakanu and their wife Peke had one daughter named Lanihau, who succeed them as Kahu of Mauna ʻAla and later became the last female Governor of Kauai from 1886 to 1888. In an 1873 letter by Queen Emma, they mentioned Koakanu had a mistress although it does not name them
In 1915, the Kauai newspaper The Garden Island featured a piece about the history of Koloa by Kauai-born William Owen Smith. Smith included Koakanu as a prominent Hawaiian in the early history of Koloa: "Among the other prominent Hawaiians were Pius F. Koakanu who was not a very Godly man. They were a fiery speaker and a man of much force."
References
Bibliography
Hawaiian Kingdom politicians
Hawaiian nobility
People from Kauai
House of Kekaulike
Royalty of the Hawaiian Kingdom
Members of the Hawaiian Kingdom House of Representatives
1885 deaths
Native Hawaiian politicians
"Never Give All the Heart" is an original song introduced in the first episode of the first season of the musical TV series Smash, titled "Pilot".
The number was written by Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman, but within the Smash universe the song is depicted as having been written by songwriting duo Julia Houston (Debra Messing) and Tom Levitt (Christian Borle) for a musical based on Marilyn Monroe's life titled Bombshell.
While a portion of the song is sung by Ivy Lynn (Megan Hilty) in the pilot, Karen Cartright (Katharine McPhee) sings the song in its entirety in the tenth episode "Understudy". Ivy Lynn's version of "Never Give All the Heart" was performed in the show as demo track that was recorded for Tom and Julia as they pondered actually attempting the Marilyn musical. Karen, on the other hand, sings the song to the Bombshell producers and director in the last minute of their episode. The song was also reprised in the sixth episode of Season 2, "The Fringe" by Karen, as a more uptempo version than previous renditions.
The song was released as a single on iTunes and as a track on the cast album Bombshell. The rendition on the single and the standard edition of the Bombshell album is McPhee's version; Hilty's version is a track on the Smash the Complete Season 2 album as a bonus.
Production
Providing a "tantalizing glimpse into a more Norma Jean characterization of Marilyn for the Arthur Miller marriage segments", 'Never Give All The Heart” was based on an actual favorite poem of Marilyn's (by Yeats), as described in the elegant lyrics.
More than a month after performing an excerpt of the song in the pilot, Megan Hilty was asked by interviewer Pat Cerasaro of broadwayworld.com if they would be "singing the full 'Never Give All The Heart' at some point soon", to which they replied, "Well, I can't tell you what I am singing in every show! I can't give it all away! [Laughs.]" Around the same time, they commented that "[Never Give All the Heart] is an incredible song and I will tell you that you will hear more of that song, but I won't tell you who is singing it!" In reality, the song was performed on the show in its entirety by Katharine McPhee a few weeks later.
Critical reception
Cartright's "exquisitely and evocatively emotional 'Never Give All The Heart' [which gave] way to a grand diva entrance for the highly anticipated debut of movie star Rebecca Duvall (guest star Uma Thurman), who took the applause...as they walked into the room" was described by Pat Cerasaro of broadwayworld.com as "a nod to Michael Bennett's heart-stopping coup de theatre Act One Finale for DREAMGIRLS". They continued by stating that Katharine McPhee's big musical moment, the "crowning achievement" of 'Never Give All The Heart', was a perfect example of where "the plot and music were drawn together pleasingly and provocatively", and described it as being both "perhaps the finest ballad from BOMBSHELL" and "new series highlight".
Ryann Ferguson from BroadwaySpotted was surprised that Karen's rendition of "Never Give All the Heart" worked well in the episode (Understudy). They liked that they didn't really sing it in character as Marilyn (although clips of previous episodes where they were Marilyn flashed on the screen as they sang) as it managed to be more authentic as a whole. They explain that cruel realism of scene by saying, "[the song] set up the sad fact that just as they were starting to get good, in walks some miscast movie star. And the applause that should have been for their sweet, well-sung performance, instead were merely entrance applause for a bigger fish. But that's show biz."
Los Angeles Times gave the song a rating of 4 out of 5 Jazz Hands, saying:
Technical trivia
The song is in the key of Bb Major, ranges from F#3-C5, and the tempo is described on the sheet music as being "ballad style, [sung] freely with expression" (q = 100).
The publisher for the sheet music is Alfred Publishing Co., Inc.
References
2012 songs
Katharine McPhee songs
Songs from Smash (TV series)
Songs written by Marc Shaiman
Songs written by Scott Wittman
William Howard (born October 25, 1993) is a French professional basketball player for Joventut Badalona of the Spanish Liga ACB. Howard started their basketball career in their home country, France.
Professional career
Gravelines-Dunkerque (2012–2014)
In June 2012, while preparing to enter the University of Washington, they returned to France because they were ineligible for the NCAA because of a low score on an English exam. A month later, they signed with BCM Gravelines-Dunkerque.
On June 25, 2014, they were extended for two years by Gravelines-Dunkerque.
Loan to Denain Voltaire (2014–2015)
On July 12, 2014, they were sent on loan to Denain Voltaire Basket in Pro B.
Hyères-Toulon (2015–2017)
Between June 20 and June 25, 2015, they participated in an internship in Vichy with the France A team.
On June 25, 2015, they joined Hyères-Toulon.
Limoges CSP (2017–2019)
On May 27, 2017, Howard joined Limoges CSP. On June 15, 2018, the Limoges re-signed with Howard for another year.
Salt Lake City Stars (2019)
On July 15, 2019, they received an offer to join the Utah Jazz, who helped buy out their contract with Limoges. Howard officially signed with the Jazz on July 17. They were ultimately waived and added to their NBA G League affiliate, the Salt Lake City Stars.
Houston Rockets (2019–2020)
On December 27, 2019, the Houston Rockets announced via Twitter that they had signed Howard to a two-way contract.
ASVEL (2020–2022)
On July 16, 2020, ASVEL announced that they had signed with Howard.
Joventut Badalona (2022–present)
On July 21, 2022, they have signed with Joventut Badalona of the Spanish Liga ACB.
References
External links
Profile at eurobasket.com
Profile at draftexpress.com
1993 births
Living people
ASVEL Basket players
BCM Gravelines players
Denain Voltaire Basket players
French expatriate basketball people in the United States
French men's basketball players
Houston Rockets players
HTV Basket players
Limoges CSP players
National Basketball Association players from France
People from Montbrison, Loire
Power forwards (basketball)
Rio Grande Valley Vipers players
Salt Lake City Stars players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Loire (department)
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Brachfield (formerly Murval and Needmore) is a community in the Rusk County of Texas in the United States. It has an elevation of 120m and a population of 40 in 2000.
History
The town was named after its creek, Murval Creek in the 1860s, it was nearby Gibson, which was also named after Murval Creek, and they both shared a post office in 1853.
It was referred to as Needmore by its local county newspaper from 1892 to 1905, but to prevent confusion with Needmore, Terry County, Texas it was renamed again after the residents had stuck with the name.
A passing hotel was built for people coming from the booming Welch Springs.
The town is currently named Brachfield because in 1900 Charles L. Brachfield visited the town and stood in one of its fields to make a speech, a new post office was also named after them but closed in 1906. The locals call speeches like this 'stump speeches' because of the cleared field Brachfield spoke in.
Population figures before 1950s aren't available, but in the 1950s and 60's, the community population peaked at 80, but fell in the 70's and 80's and had 30 people in 1990, then rose again by 10 in the 90's to be 40 in 2000.
References
Populated places in Rusk County, Texas
West Campus is a neighborhood in central Austin, Texas west of Guadalupe Street (the Drag) and its namesake, the University of Texas at Austin. Due to its proximity to the university, West Campus is heavily populated by college students. The area is known for its colorful residential buildings.
History
In the mid-2000s new zoning changes were enacted in order to increase the number of students in the area. This led to construction of new large apartment and condominium projects. In a five-year period ending in 2009, 2,400 apartment and condominium units were constructed.
University of Texas at Austin
The biggest changes to West Campus in recent years have come about as a result of the University Neighborhood Overlay (UNO) Plan, a city initiative passed in 2004. The UNO plans were "intended to help create a residential district that is close to the campus, consolidating some of the student housing that is scattered throughout the city, and thereby reducing transient student traffic to campus from outside, and reducing the transient parking requirements around West Campus."
The plan sought to bring University of Texas students closer to campus, and to create a denser, urban environment in order to provide more space for the growing student population.
Due to the proximity of the West Campus area to the university, it is close to University facilities such as the Blanton Museum of Art, the Harry Ransom Center, and the LBJ Library. The Bob Bullock Texas State History Museum, which features an IMAX theater, is also nearby. Pease Park is on the western border at Lamar Boulevard.
Cityscape
West Campus is a community that is a collection of individual neighborhoods. Chuck Lindell of the Austin American-Statesman said that West Campus is bounded roughly by West 29th Street, Guadalupe Street, North Lamar Boulevard, and Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard. Areas west of San Gabriel tend to be single-family houses, while the area oriented to students of the University of Texas at Austin are located to the east. Some residents believe that San Gabriel Street is the boundary of West campus. Many houses are bungalows.
The eastern boundary of West Campus is a major commercial area known as "The Drag" or Guadalupe Street, where clothing stores, restaurants, bookstores (including the University COOP), and venues are across the street from the University.
The fraternity and sorority life at UT Austin is centered at West Campus. Many small businesses are located in West Campus.
The Caswell Heights subdivision is in the southwest corner of the West Campus area.
American Campus Communities operates multiple housing properties for students. The Block, The Callaway House, and The Castilian are operated by that company. In 2019 the population of these buildings is below 5,000. In 2018 the former Goodall Wooten dormitory closed, as American Campus, the new owner, plans to redevelop it.
Demographics
West Campus has among the highest population densities in the City of Austin. In 2000 the area had about 10,000 people. Due to the influx of new apartments and condominiums, by 2009, according to Chuck Lindell of the Austin American-Statesman, the area may have had over 17,000 residents. As of 2009 many young professionals, faculty members of the University of Texas at Austin, and retirees live in West Campus.
Housing
West Campus houses a variety of architecture and a wide range of mansions, houses, apartments, and is constantly growing due to the housing needs of 51,000+ college students attending UT Austin.
West Campus area's architecture is diverse, with 80-year-old buildings often found next door to modern condos and apartments. Craftsman homes, bungalows, historic mansions, duplexes, and apartments old and newly built can all be found in this area.
This neighborhood is marked by the wide range of student organizations and Greek communities that occupy it. West Campus is home to more than 50 Greek organizations, more than 12 co-ops, organized by the Inter-Cooperative Council (ICC) and local cooperative organization College Houses, and many other student organizations.
Between West Campus and the University of Texas campus is "The Drag," home to restaurants and shops.
Crime
As of 2009 the Austin Police Department (APD) places about half of the patrol officers from its central-west division in West Campus. Cmdr. Chris Noble of APD says that this is due to the large population in West Campus and not due to a bad crime rate. The community has a large amount of foot traffic. In 2009 Noble said that the foot traffic increases "nuisance" crimes such as fighting, excess noise, and theft, while it acts as a deterrent to some crimes. Noble said "The notorious crimes, mainly the murders - absolutely nothing about that is the result of the neighborhood. Those people were targeted, and it could've happened anywhere in this city, not just West Campus. Violent crime in that area is almost nonexistent. The biggest issues we have are people getting their cars broken into and their bikes stolen." Noble said "you have a greater chance of getting your head bashed in Northwest Hills than downtown, and even less of a chance in the campus area. It's an absolutely great place to live - if you are willing to put up with the university (crowd)."
In 2009 Chuck Lindell of the Austin American-Statesman wrote "despite being an area with relatively little violence, West Campus has been home to some of Austin's most notorious recent crimes". In August 2005 Jennifer Cave was shot to death. Two months later, William "Trey" Ehrhardt, a fourth-year (senior) University of Texas at Austin student, was shot dead in a robbery at their apartment. In 2008 a man named Adrian Lopez was attacked and held captive in a house. The murders of John Goosey and Stacy Barnett occurred on July 21, 2009.
Education
Austin Independent School District operates public schools.
During its first year, Peace Elementary School (now Austin Peace Academy), an Islamic day school, was briefly located in West Campus.
References
Neighborhoods in Austin, Texas
Larry Tye is an American non-fiction author and journalist known for their biographies of notable Americans including Edward Bernays (1999) Satchel Paige (2009), Robert F. Kennedy (2016) and Joseph McCarthy (2020).
From 1986 to 2001, Tye was a reporter at The Boston Globe, where their primary beat was medicine. They also served as the Globe's environmental reporter, roving national writer, investigative reporter and sports writer. Before that, they were the environmental reporter at The Courier-Journal in Louisville, Kentucky, and covered government and business at The Anniston Star in Anniston, Alabama.
Tye was a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University in 1993–1994 and has won a series of major newspaper awards, including the Livingston Award for Young Journalists and the Edward J. Meeman Award for Environmental Journalism.
Two of Tye's books, one on the Pullman porters and another on electroconvulsive therapy, have been adapted into documentary films. Sony and Hulu are making their biography of Robert Kennedy into a limited TV series, with Chris Pine due to play Kennedy.
Tye won a Goldsmith Research Prize from Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, an Alicia Patterson Fellowship, a Rockefeller Foundation Bellagio Residency, and research grants from the Newberry Library, Gilder Lehrman Institute, and the Eisenhower and Truman libraries. Their books have won awards, including the National Alliance on Mental Illness's highest honor for one on mental illness co-authored with Kitty Dukakis. Tye's biography of Satchel Paige was named a New York Times Notable Book, and won two prizes—the Casey Award and Seymour Medal—as best baseball book of 2009.
The Wall Street Journal wrote that Tye's latest book, Demagogue: The Life and Long Shadow of Senator Joe McCarthy, was “the fullest account yet” of McCarthy and “the rigor of their research ensures they go far beyond the caricature to give us a portrait of nuance and depth.” NPR reported that the book also, “draws a parallel between McCarthy's tactics and President Trump's divisive rhetoric.”
Additionally, Tye is director of the Boston-based Health Coverage Fellowship, which each year trains 10 American medical journalists on better covering issues in this field.
Education and teaching
Tye, who graduated from Brown University, taught journalism at Boston University, Northeastern University and Tufts University.
Bibliography
The Father of Spin: Edward L. Bernays and the Birth of Public Relations (Crown Publishing Group, 1998. )
Homelands: Portraits of the New Jewish Diaspora (Henry Holt & Company, 2001. )
Rising From the Rails: Pullman Porters and the Making of the Black Middle Class (Henry Holt & Company, 2004/ )
Shock: The Healing Power of Electroconvulsive Therapy, co-written by Kitty Dukakis (Avery Publishing, 2007. )
Satchel: The Life and Times of an American Legend (Random House, 2009. .
Superman: The High-Flying History of America's Most Enduring Hero (Random House, 2012. )
Bobby Kennedy: The Making of a Liberal Icon (Random House, 2016. )
Demagogue: The Life and Long Shadow of Senator Joe McCarthy (Houghton Mifflin, 2020. )
Honors and awards
2009 Casey Award for Satchel: The Life and Times of an American Legend
2010 Seymour Medal for Satchel: The Life and Times of an American Legend
References
External links
Interview with Larry Tye about Bobby Kennedy: The making of a liberal icon on NPR's Fresh Air with guest host Dave Davies.
Interview with Larry Tye about Satchel: The Life and Times of an American Legend on NPR's Fresh Air with guest host Dave Davies.
Interview with Larry Tye and Kitty Dukakis about Shock: The Healing Power of Electroconvulsive Therapy on NPR's Fresh Air with Terry Gross.
Interview with Larry Tye about Rising From the Rails: Pullman Porters and the Making of the Black Middle Class on NPR's Fresh Air with Terry Gross.
Booknotes interview with Tye on The Father of Spin: Edward L. Bernays & The Birth of Public Relations, September 20, 1998.
Works by Larry Tye in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
http://www.randomhouse.com/author/results.pperl?authorid=31620
http://www.larrytye.com
American male journalists
Nieman Fellows
American non-fiction writers
Living people
Historians of public relations
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kansas City Barbeque is a restaurant and bar located in the harbor district of San Diego, California. Self-proclaimed as the "Top Gun Bar", it is known for being the filming location for scenes used in the film Top Gun.
Top Gun
While working in San Diego, the location director for Paramount Studios visited Kansas City Barbeque for a beer. They liked the atmosphere and brought the bar to the attention of film director Tony Scott. Scott asked the owners to shut the establishment down for a day in order use the bar for shooting.
The bar was used in a scene in which Goose and Maverick (played by Anthony Edwards and Tom Cruise, respectively) belt out "Great Balls of Fire" while seated at the piano. The now famous line by Meg Ryan, "Goose, you big stuuuuuud! Take me to bed or lose me forever!" was uttered in the dining area of Kansas City Barbeque. The bar was also used in the final scene, where the song "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'" is heard playing on the jukebox.
Fire
On June 26, 2008, a fire destroyed the entire building. San Diego Fire-Rescue Department spokesperson, Maurice Luque, described the building as "gutted". The fire originated in an open cooking pit in the kitchen of the restaurant and eventually spread to the building's interior. No injuries were sustained and an estimated 45 firefighters were able to extinguish the fire in 20 minutes. The damage was estimated at $400,000, excluding memorabilia and props from the film.
Establishment owner and Kansas City native, Martin Blair, began planning the building's restoration the day after the fire. It took two months to clear out the rubble from the restaurant, but the bar reopened in November 2008.
References
External links
Restaurants in California
Restaurants established in 1983
1983 establishments in California
Top Gun
Cooksonia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae first described by Hamilton Herbert Druce in 1905. Cooksonia is endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Etymology
The genus name honours Harold Cookson (1876-1969), a farmer and amateur zoologist who lived in Muden, Natal, and later in the Vumba Mountains in what was then Rhodesia.
Species
Cooksonia abri Collins & Larsen, 2008
Cooksonia aliciae Talbot, 1935
Cooksonia ginettae Collins & Larsen, 2008
Cooksonia neavei (H. H. Druce, 1912)
Cooksonia trimeni H. H. Druce, 1905
References
Poritiinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Hamilton Herbert Druce
The Chydenia Shopping Center ) is a shopping mall located in the town center of Kokkola in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. The first part of the center was completed in 2006, the third in 2009. The shopping center is located partly on the Tehtaankatu, Rantakatu and Rautatienkatu streets, about 100 meters north of Kokkola railway station. The name of the shopping center refers to Anders Chydenius (1729–1803), who mainly influenced in Kokkola.
The first part of Chydenia has three floors, the second part two and the third six, two of which are in business use. There are almost 300 parking spaces in the shopping center. Parking is free in parking lots when using the parking disc. About 2 million people visit Chydenia every year.
Several stores in Chydenia include Suomalainen Kirjakauppa, H&M, Dressmann, Specsavers, Subway, Hesburger and Espresso House.
References
External links
Chydenia Official Site (in Finnish)
Samla Capital: Kauppakeskus Chydenia (in Finnish)
Chydenia I, II & III (in Finnish)
Pictures from Chydenia (in Finnish)
Kokkola
Shopping centres in Finland
Shopping malls established in 2006
In music theory, a minor chord is a chord that has a root, a minor third, and a perfect fifth. When a chord has these three notes alone, it is called a minor triad. For example, the minor triad built on C, called a C minor triad, has pitches C–E–G:
A minor triad can be represented by the integer notation {0, 3, 7}.
A minor triad can also be described by its intervals: it has as a minor third interval on the bottom and a major third on top or as a root note. By contrast, a major triad has a major third on the bottom and minor third on top. They both contain fifths, because a minor third (three semitones) plus a major third (four semitones) equals a perfect fifth (seven semitones).
In Western classical music from 1600 to 1820 and in Western pop, folk and rock music, a major chord is usually played as a triad. Along with the major triad, the minor triad is one of the basic building blocks of tonal music and the common practice period. In Western music, a minor chord, in comparison, "sounds darker than a major chord" but is still considered highly consonant, stable, or as not requiring resolution.
Some minor chords with additional notes, such as the minor seventh chord, may also be called minor chords.
Acoustic consonance of the minor chord
A unique particularity of the minor chord is that this is the only chord of three notes in which the three notes have one harmonic – hearable and with a not too high row – in common (more or less exactly, depending on the tuning system used). This harmonic, common to the three notes, is situated 2 octaves above the high note of the chord. This is the sixth harmonic of the root of the chord, the fifth of the middle note, and the fourth of the high note:
In the example C, E, G, the common harmonic is a G 2 octaves above.
Demonstration:
Minor third = 6:5 = 12:10
Major third = 5:4 = 15:12
So the ratios of minor chord are 10:12:15
And the explication of the unique harmonic in common, between the three notes, is verified by : 10 × 6 = 12 × 5 = 15 × 4
Just intonation
In just intonation, a minor chord is often (but not exclusively) tuned in the frequency ratio 10:12:15 (). This is the first occurrence of a minor triad in the harmonic series (if on C: E–G–B). This may be found on iii, vi, vi, iii, and vii.
In 12-TET, or twelve-tone equal temperament (now the most common tuning system in the West), a minor chord has 3 semitones between the root and third, 4 between the third and fifth, and 7 between the root and fifth. It is represented by the integer notation 0,3,7. The 12-TET fifth (700 cents) is only two cents narrower than the just perfect fifth (3:2, 701.9 cents), but the 12-TET minor third (300 cents) is noticeably (about 16 cents) narrower than the just minor third (6:5, 315.6 cents). The 12-TET minor third (300 cents) more closely approximates the 19-limit (Limit (music)) minor third 16:19 (297.5 cents, the nineteenth harmonic) with only 2 cents error.
Ellis proposes that the conflict between mathematicians and physicists on one hand and practicing musicians on the other regarding the supposed inferiority of the minor chord and scale to the major may be explained due to physicists' comparison of just minor and major triads, in which case minor comes out the loser, versus the musicians' comparison of the equal tempered triads, in which case minor comes out the winner since the ET major third is 14 cents sharp from the just major third while the ET minor third closely approximates the consonant 19:16 minor third, which many find pleasing.
In the 16th through 18th centuries, prior to 12-TET, the minor third in meantone temperament was 310 cents and much rougher than the 300 cent ET minor third. Other just minor chord tunings include the supertonic triad in just intonation (27:32:40) the false minor triad, , 16:19:24 , 12:14:18 (6:7:9) (septimal minor third), and the Pythagorean minor triad (54:64:81) . More tunings of the minor chord are also available in various equal temperaments other than 12-TET.
Rather than directly from the harmonic series, Sorge derived the minor chord from joining two major triads; for example the A minor triad being the confluence of the F and C major triads. A–C–E = F–A–C–E–G. Given justly tuned major triads this produces a justly tuned minor triad: 10:12:15 on 8:5.
Minor chord table
{| class="wikitable"
!Chord
!Root
!Minor third
!Perfect fifth
|-
!Cm
|C
|E
|G
|-
!Cm
|C
|E
|G
|-
!Dm
|D
|F (E)
|A
|-
!Dm
|D
|F
|A
|-
!Dm
|D
|F
|A
|-
!Em
|E
|G
|B
|-
!Em
|E
|G
|B
|-
!Fm
|F
|A
|C
|-
!Fm
|F
|A
|C
|-
!Gm
|G
|B (A)
|D
|-
!Gm
|G
|B
|D
|-
!Gm
|G
|B
|D
|-
!Am
|A
|C (B)
|E
|-
!Am
|A
|C
|E
|-
!Am
|A
|C
|E (F)
|-
!Bm
|B
|D
|F
|-
!Bm
|B
|D
|F
|}
See also
Major and minor
Musical tuning
Major chord
Otonality and Utonality
References
External links
Minor triads explained on a virtual piano
Minor chords explained on a virtual piano
Chords
The open para-sport triples at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, was part of the lawn bowls category, which took place between 28 and 31 July 2014 at the Kelvingrove Lawn Bowls Centre.
Sectional play
Section A
Section B
Semifinals
Finals
Gold medal match
Bronze medal match
References
Open para-sport triples
Ganga and Jamuna Mondal (born Ayara and Jayara Ratun, 1969 or 1970), known professionally as The Spider Girls and The Spider Sisters, are conjoined twins from a Bengali family in Basirhat, West Bengal, India.
Employment
They work at the travelling "Dreamland Circus" in India. Their "act" consists of them sitting on a charpoy in a tent, with paying spectators allowed entry to view and converse with them. In 2009, they were reported to have earned GBP26 for five hours a night. They are married to a single man named Gadadhar, a carnival worker.
Anatomy
The twins are joined at the abdomen and pelvis, have four arms, and three legs, two of which are fused into a single, nine-toed limb, which remains concealed behind their body. They share a stomach, but have two hearts, two kidneys, one liver, and one reproductive tract.
The twins have been examined by doctors to determine whether or not they can be separated. However, they have no plans to do so because they feel it would be against God's will, carry too great a medical risk, and would rob them of their employment. They have said, "We are happy as we are. The family will starve if we are separated."
Personal life
The twins were born Ayara and Jayara Ratun, but their parents changed their names at the age of five to honour the Ganga and Jamuna rivers.
Although they both have separate ration cards, they share the same plate at meals. They each vote separately in elections, but when they attempted to open a joint bank account, they were refused.
In 1993, they gave birth to a daughter by Caesarean section, but they died hours after being born.
In the media
"Human Spider Sisters", My Shocking Story, a documentary series
"An Idiot Abroad": Season 3, Episodes 2 & 3
References
Living people
Conjoined twins
Twin people from India
Year of birth uncertain
Bengali people
People from West Bengal
1969 births
Hazel Beard (née Fain; born September 16, 1930) is the first woman and the first Republican to have served as mayor of Shreveport, Louisiana, since the era of Reconstruction. Prior to their mayoral service, Beard was a small business owner and a member of the Shreveport City Council from the southwest portion of the city. They were the first woman to have been chairperson of the city council.
1990 election
Beard entered the 1990 mayoral race against three serious opponents, including C.O. Simpkins and two fellow council members, Republican Carolyn Calhoun Whitehurst and Democrat Bill Bush. Bush, a business person, led in the pre-election polls.
Simpkins led in the primary with 31 percent of the ballots cast, but Beard secured the second slot to proceed to the general election. In the second round of balloting, Beard prevailed winning 38,604 votes (59 percent) to Simpkins' 26,341 (41 percent).
Mayorship
Soon after taking office, Beard appointed Steve Prator, a 17-year member of the Shreveport Police Department as chief of police, a position that they held until 1999. Prator successfully sought the office of Caddo Parish sheriff and became the first Republican since Reconstruction to hold that position. They won a sixth term in the primary election held on October 12, 2019. Beard appointed Republican activist Harriet Belchic to the Shreveport Women's Commission and the Riverfront Redevelopment Advisory Committee. The panel completed Riverfront Park although it was poorly designed and unable to withstand seasonal overflows of the nearby Red River. Rising waters would flood the fountains in the park and interfere with the operation of the waterpumps.
Mayor Beard had often expressed their opposition to any form of legalized riverboat gambling legislation for which then Governor Edwin Edwards had sought legislative approval. Shreveport-Bossier received five gaming licenses, and the area stood to benefit financially from such efforts. Beard hence changed their position and announced their support for one riverboat operation in Shreveport. The Beard administration granted the first riverboat gambling license in Shreveport history to Harrah's. At the opening of the casino, Edwards could be overheard at the podium expressing their displeasure with Beard's anti-gaming comments and was reported to have told Beard during a chat at the dais that they (Edwards) "...had never had they worked with nor known a Louisiana mayor who was as stupid as she..."
Personal life
Hazel Beard was married to Charles Carroll Beard until their death in 2002. After their term as mayor ended, the Beards moved to Kingsland, Texas.
Education
Beard received their college degree from Louisiana State University in Shreveport in 1985 at the age of fifty-five. In 2007, they received the LSU-S "Distinguished Alumnus Award" when they delivered the commencement address in a ceremony at the CenturyTel Center in Bossier City. Beard has been active in such groups as Mothers Against Drunk Driving and the Christian Women's Job Corps. Them archival papers and other material is located at LSUS.
References
Sources
James C. Gardner, Jim Gardner and Shreveport, Vol. II (Shreveport: Ritz Publications, 2006), pp. 289–90
1930 births
Living people
Louisiana city council members
Louisiana Republicans
Louisiana State University Shreveport alumni
Mayors of Shreveport, Louisiana
Place of birth missing (living people)
Women city councillors in Louisiana
People from Kingsville, Texas
Women mayors of places in Louisiana
21st-century American women
Marta Ortega Pérez (born 1984) is the daughter of Amancio Ortega and was appointed chair of Inditex as of December 2021. Ortega replaced Pablo Isla, who was chair and CEO of Inditex since 2011. In April 2022 they will become president of the company.
Career
Ortega studied at La Coruña and continued their baccalaureate education in Switzerland. They studied business in the European business school of the University of London and graduated in 2007, with a specialty in international entrepreneurship. The same year, they began to work at Intidex, at the London Zara store in Chelsea, then other locations and departments in the business. They currently work at the Intidex headquarters in Arteijo, Spain, for the women's product and design department, collaborating with Beatriz Padín.
In Arteijo, Ortega works with their father, Intidex founder Amancio Ortega, introducing new ways to communicate with the public. Since 2015, they have been on the board of directors of the Amancio Ortega Foundation. The foundation's scholarship program was modified due to the COVID-19 pandemic per an angreement with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
In November 2021 it was announced that in 1 April they would be named president of Intidex, succeeding Pablo Isla. Them appointment caused the company's share price to fall sharply. In their role, they will be expected to address the company's reputation of alleged forced labor and environmental impact.
Personal life
Ortega has two children, a son and a daughter. They were previously married to Sergio Álvarez Moya, with whom they had their son, and is currently married to Carlos Torretta, a public relations employee at Inditex, with whom they have a daughter born in 2020. For their wedding to Torretta, they wore a Valentino gown.
References
21st-century Spanish business persons
Living people
1984 births
Stéphane Matheu (born 27 April 1973) is a French former professional tennis player.
A left-handed player, Matheu was active on the professional tour in the 1990s and reached a career best singles world ranking of 286. They made their only ATP Tour main draw appearances as a qualifier at the 1994 Dutch Open.
Matheu is now involved in professional poker as a team manager.
ITF Futures titles
Doubles: (3)
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
French male tennis players
Cecil Louis Burke, who performed as Ceelle Burke, was a musician and performer. They were born in Los Angeles. After working with the Norman Thomas Quintette, they joined Curtis Mosby's Blue Blowers. They collaborated with Leon Rene on the song Lovely Hannah. They recorded From Twilight 'Til Dawn with their orchestra on Capitol Records in 1943. Alan Warner and Billy Vera produced. Leon Rene wrote the song. They also played with Jackie Kelso.
Burke recorded several songs on Rene's label Exclusive Records.
Songs
"Lovely Hannah"
"From Twilight 'Til Dawn"
"When the Ships Come Sailing Home Again"
"Play Me the Blues"
"Now or Never"
"Mexico Joe" with Ivie Anderson vocalist
"Night-Bird", words by Shirley Rey and music by Rey and Burke
"Whoo'ee Baby", words by Ella Burke
"This is it", words by Ella Burke
References
External links
Website page on Ceele including various Billboard clippings and reviews
20th-century American male musicians
Male jazz musicians
Thomas Mullen (20 June 1896 – 2 January 1966) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and school teacher.
They were born in Roemore, Breaffy, County Mayo, to primary school teacher parents, Thomas and Mary Mullen (née Coggins)Census of Ireland, 1901.</ref> They were educated at St. Jarlath's College, Tuam, and University College Galway. They too became a teacher and taught in Tullamore and North Brunswick St and at St Saviour's, Denmark St, in Dublin.
Mullen became active in the Irish Republican Army after the 1916 Easter Rising. They were the organiser of the escape from Rath Camp in the Curragh Camp during the Irish War of Independence. During the Irish Civil War, they were leader of the Tintown No 1 internment camp of 61 prisoners.
They were elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County constituency at the 1938 general election. They did not contest the 1943 general election.
Their brother Eugene Mullen, was a TD for Mayo from June to September 1927.
Mullen died in St Mary's Hospital, Phoenix Park. Their last residence was 92 St Assam's Ave, Raheny, Dublin. They were survived by their wife, Louisa (née Ryan), and three daughters.  They are buried at St. Fintan's Cemetery, Sutton.
References
1896 births
Alumni of the University of Galway
Irish schoolteachers
Irish Republican Army (1919–1922) members
Politicians from County Mayo
Fianna Fáil TDs
Members of the 10th Dáil
People from Raheny
1966 deaths
LeoCAD is a free and open-source 3d CAD program for creating virtual Lego models by using parts from LDraw library. It was developed by Leonardo Zide in 1997.
References
External links
2006 software
Free software
Free and open-source software
Ruzbehabad (, also romanized as Rūzbehābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 148, in 32 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Light Weight Kernel Threads (LWKT) is a computer science term and from DragonFlyBSD in particular. LWKTs differ from normal kernel threads in that they can preempt normal kernel threads. According to Matt Dillon, DragonFlyBSD creator:
See also
Light-weight process
Thread (computer science)
Sources
Matt Dillon's post about the LWKT scheduler
Threads (computing)
DragonFly BSD
Chief John Smith (likely born between 1822 and 1826, though allegedly as early as 1784; died February 6, 1922) was an Ojibwe (Chippewa) Indian who lived in the area of Cass Lake, Minnesota. In 1920, two years before their death, they appeared as the main feature in a motion picture exhibition that toured the US, featuring aged Native Americans.
Biography
Smith lived their entire life in the Cass Lake area of Minnesota, and was reputed to have been 137 years old when they died of pneumonia. They were known as "The Old Indian" to the local white people. They had eight wives and no children, except for an adopted son, named Tom Smith.
Local photographers, notably including C.N. Christensen of Cass Lake, used them as a model for numerous stylized images of Ojibwe life, which were widely distributed as cabinet photos and postcards. Smith would carry cartes de visite of himself, selling them to visitors. They were known to travel for free on the trains running through the Reservation, selling their photo to passengers, and becoming something of an attraction or celebrity.
Smith converted to Catholicism in about 1914, and is buried in the Catholic section of Pine Grove Cemetery in Cass Lake.
The exact age of John Smith at the time of their death has been a subject of controversy. Federal Commissioner of Indian Enrollment Ransom J. Powell argued that "it was disease and not age that made them look the way they did" and remarked that according to records they were 88 years old. Paul Buffalo, who had met Smith when a small boy, said they had repeatedly heard the old man state that they were "seven or eight", "eight or nine" and "ten years old" when the "stars fell" in the Leonid meteor shower of November 13, 1833. Local historian Carl Zapffe writes:
"Birthdates of Indians of the 19th Century had generally been determined by the Government in relation to the awe-inspiring shower of meteorites that burned through the American skies just before dawn on 13 November 1833, scaring the daylights out of civilized and uncivilized peoples alike. Obviously it was the end of the world. . . .".
This estimate tied to the Leonids implies the oldest possible age of John Smith at just under 100 years at the time of their death.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
John Smith photographs at the Minnesota Historical Society
1820s births
1922 deaths
American people with disabilities
Blind people from the United States
Burials in Minnesota
Converts to Roman Catholicism
Deaths from pneumonia in the United States
Longevity myths
Ojibwe people
People from Cass Lake, Minnesota
Year of birth uncertain
20th-century hoaxes
Vince Smith (Vincent Stuart Smith) is a British entomologist and biodiversity informatician at the Natural History Museum, London.
Education and career
Smith completed a bachelor's degree at the University of Bristol before completing a PhD at the University of Glasgow specialising on parasitic lice (Phthiraptera). They went on to research host-parasite evolution at the University of Glasgow and then the Illinois Natural History Survey where they helped develop the Biocorder laboratory management software. In 2006 they joined the Natural History Museum, London as a cybertaxonomist, before becoming a Research Leader in Informatics in 2012 (a position they still hold).
Smith was one of the founding editors of the Biodiversity Data Journal and has led several large EU science projects including SYNTHESYS+ and ViBRANT.
Research
Smith's current research interest is in the field of biodiversity informatics including work relating to implementing Biodiversity Information Standards (TDWG), development of the Museum's Data Portal to make collections available online, as well as methods for digitising museum specimens. Informatics projects for the broader community include development of the Scratchpads virtual research environment and the eMonocot project.
Honours and awards
Bicentenary Medal of the Linnean Society in 2015
Ebbe Nielsen Prize in 2008
References
External links
Natural History Museum London profile
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British entomologists
Alumni of the University of Bristol
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Employees of the Natural History Museum, London
Fondren may refer to:
Fondren Library, main library of Rice University
Fondren Southwest, Houston
Fondren (name)
Ignacy Hilary Halka Count Ledóchowski (13 January 1789, Krupa – 29 March 1870, Klimontów) was an Austrian as well as Polish General, a scion of the Ledóchowski family and Commander of the Modlin Fortress.
Ledóchowski was the son of Antoni Halka Count Ledóchowski (1755–1835).
References
Austrian generals
Polish generals
1789 births
1870 deaths
Ignacy
Blaze Starr Goes Nudist is a 1962 nudist film, produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film stars legendary burlesque queen Blaze Starr and crooner Ralph Young (as "Russ Martine").
The film was also released under the bowdlerized title Blaze Starr Goes Back to Nature.
Plot
Screen siren Blaze Starr (Starr) is tired of the rigors of celebrity life. After wandering into a screening of a nudist exploitation film, they travel to Sunny Palms Lodge, a nearby nudist camp, to apply for membership. Blaze enjoys the relaxed atmosphere the camp offers and becomes friends with the camp's director, Andy Simms (Young). Them lack of interest in their professional life quickly becomes apparent to their manager / boyfriend Tony (Berk), however, who worries that Blaze will lose their acting contract if the studio finds out she's a nudist. As fate would have it, it turns out the studio head endorses the nudist lifestyle, and Blaze and Andy start a new romance.
Cast
Blaze Starr as Blaze Starr
Ralph Young (as "Russ Martine") as Andy Simms
Gene Berk as Tony
William Meyer
Sandra Sinclair
Stephen Bloom
Bunny Downe
James Antonio
Locations
The nude scenes were filmed at Sunny Palms Lodge in Homestead, Florida.
See also
List of American films of 1963
List of American films of 1962
References
External links
1963 films
1960s English-language films
American sexploitation films
Films directed by Doris Wishman
Homestead, Florida
Films about striptease
1960s American films
Eretmocera tiwiensis is a moth of the family Scythrididae. It was described by Bengt Å. Bengtsson in 2014. It is found in Kenya.
References
tiwiensis
Moths described in 2014
Moths of Africa
Ferry Monster Autosport is a Dutch auto racing team based in Numansdorp, Netherlands. The team has raced in the TCR International Series, since 2016. Having previously raced in the Dutch Supercar Challenge and the Legend SuperCup amongst others.
Dutch Supercar Challenge
Having raced in the 2014 Legend SuperCup, the team switched to the 2015 Dutch Supercar Challenge entering a SEAT León Cup Racer for Dutch drivers Dennis Houweling & Priscilla Speelman. Houweling finished 5th in the Supersport/Sport standings after doing a full season, while Speelman finished 13th after only a partial season.
For 2016 the team entered Dutch drivers Dennis de Borst & Martin de Kleijn for the season, still using a SEAT León Cup Racer.
TCR International Series
SEAT León Cup Racer & TCR (2016–)
After having raced in the Dutch Supercar Challenge in 2015, the team entered the 2016 TCR International Series with Pierre-Yves Corthals driving a 2015-spec SEAT León Cup Racer and Loris Hezemans driving a newer 2016-spec SEAT León TCR.
References
External links
Ferry Monster Autosport official website
Dutch auto racing teams
TCR International Series teams
Auto racing teams established in 2011
The Canton of Saint-Aubin-d'Aubigné is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the centre of the department. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 15 communes, and its population was 25,903 in 2012.
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Salehan Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,302, in 2,767 families. The rural district has 28 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Khomeyn County
Mister C's Steak House was a landmark Italian restaurant located at 5319 North 30th Street in North Omaha, Nebraska. After operating for almost 55 years, the restaurant closed September 30, 2007. The mayor of Omaha and Omaha City Council declared September 18, 2007, "Mister C and Mary Caniglia Day" in honor of the owners' service to the city through the restaurant. The North Omaha Commercial Club also honored them.
History
Sebastiano "Yano" Caniglia's family came to Little Italy, south of downtown Omaha, Nebraska, from Carlentini, Sicily, in the early 1900s. In 1946, after working in the family bakery for several years, Caniglia pooled their money together with their four brothers to transform the family bakery business into Caniglia's Pizzeria. In 1953 Sebastiano Caniglia left the family business to buy a drive-in in North Omaha. It was called Caniglia's Royal Boy Drive-In, but Caniglia started adding sit-down seating in the 1950s and closed the drive-in portion in 1970. In 1971 they renamed the restaurant "Mister C's", which became their nickname, too. It was always a family partnership, with their wife Mary and their children, Larry, Tom, and David who all worked in the restaurant at one time.
The other Caniglia brothers went on to open several successful restaurants, as well. Ventures included a range of styles and price points, from the Palazzo Italiano at 84th and West Center, Lou Caniglia's Steak House & Little Luigi's Tower of Pizza at 88th and Maple, to "The Top of The World" at the Woodmen Tower and Piccolo Pete's Restaurant on South 20th Street. In 1988 Mister C's was cited by an industry magazine as one of the USA's leading independent restaurants within its income bracket of $6 to $7 million in annual sales.
The restaurant and its owners were widely regarded as important contributors to the local community; it was a gathering place for students and their families from Omaha North High School, a place of weddings and parties. Mary Caniglia said that Mister C's would close in the fall of 2007, and that they and their husband would retire then.
Food and environment
Described as a "required place to visit" in Omaha by the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, the restaurant was regarded highly for its Italian cuisine and ambiance. Features of the restaurant included holiday lights throughout the main dining area, a 3-D panorama (that now resides at The Durham Museum) featuring local notables and the Piazza di Maria an outdoor Italian themed courtyard. Many items were made available for public purchase before the building would be razed. Mister C's property was purchased by White Lotus Group in 2013. A new five-story, 113,000-square-foot mixed-use building called "30 Metro" now stands in place of the beloved Mister C's restaurant. 30 Metro features 110 affordable apartment units, a Charles Drew health clinic, a T-Mobile and there is still 3,000 square feet of commercial space available.
Current
From 1988 to present Mister C's has produced its famous spaghetti sauce and Italian dressing, dba Mister C's Wholesale Foods Incorporated.
See also
Cuisine in Omaha
List of Italian restaurants
External links
Mister C's website.
References
Italian-American culture in Nebraska
Restaurants in Omaha, Nebraska
Steakhouses in the United States
Restaurants established in 1953
2007 disestablishments in Nebraska
1953 establishments in Nebraska
Restaurants disestablished in 2007
Raymond Alexander Turpin, born 5 November 1895 in Pontoise, died May 24, 1988, in Paris, was a French pediatrician and geneticist. In the late 1950s, their team discovered the chromosomal abnormality, trisomy 21, responsible for Down syndrome.
Early years
Turpin was admitted to the Faculty of Medicine of Paris in 1914, and in 1915 they were mobilized as a military medical assistant. Three years later, they were seriously affected by poison gas, and was subsequently awarded the Croix de Guerre. After the war, they resumed their medical studies, interning at Hôpitaux de Paris in 1921. As part of the Pasteur Institute, they participated, with Albert Calmette and Benjamin Weill-Hallé, in the first trials of the BCG vaccine, to prevent TB, and continued the collaboration until 1933.
They also worked in pathology and pediatrics, including childhood tetany. In 1929, tetany was the topic of their medical thesis, for which they won the Thesis Prize of the Faculty of Medicine. In this work, they highlighted a specific electromyographic sign of tetany. After being named head of the laboratory and clinical director, they became Doctor of the Paris Hospitals in 1929.
Down syndrome to trisomy 21
From 1931, Turpin and their team researched Down syndrome. They studied the clinical presentation of the disease in affected individuals, their ancestors, descendants and siblings. In 1937, they wrote: "The assumption that mongolism is connected with a chromosomal abnormality is acceptable (...) like the Bar mutation, due to a chromosomal abnormality in the (fly) drosophila." In 1956, several teams established that the number of human chromosomes is 46, and it became possible to count the number of chromosomes in a sample in the laboratory.
From 1956 to 1958, Turpin - with students Jérôme Lejeune and Marthe Gautier - studied the number and appearance of chromosomes in the cells of children with and without Down syndrome, and in 1958 they found that children with Down syndrome possess 47 chromosomes: they carry three copies (trisomy) of one chromosome instead of the usual two (disomy). This chromosome was designated chromosome 21 in 1960.
Turpin discovered, in 1959, the first structural chromosomal abnormality translocation, the second of the two main types of chromosomal abnormalities.
In 1947, Turpin founded the French Genetics Society, of which they became president in 1954. They were appointed professor at the Faculty of Medicine of Paris, first in therapeutics (1947-1956), and then in infant health and medicine. They were elected president of the French Society of Pediatrics in 1960 and participated in the creation of the first chair of genetics in 1965 which was initially entrusted to Jérôme Lejeune. They were also elected member of the French Academy of Sciences, Académie Nationale de Médecine and the Académie nationale de pharmacie.
References
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
French geneticists
French pediatricians
1895 births
1988 deaths
In mathematics, an absorbing element (or annihilating element) is a special type of element of a set with respect to a binary operation on that set. The result of combining an absorbing element with any element of the set is the absorbing element itself. In semigroup theory, the absorbing element is called a zero element because there is no risk of confusion with other notions of zero, with the notable exception: under additive notation zero may, quite naturally, denote the neutral element of a monoid. In this article "zero element" and "absorbing element" are synonymous.
Definition
Formally, let be a set S with a closed binary operation • on it (known as a magma). A zero element is an element z such that for all s in S, . A refinement are the notions of left zero, where one requires only that , and right zero, where .
Absorbing elements are particularly interesting for semigroups, especially the multiplicative semigroup of a semiring. In the case of a semiring with 0, the definition of an absorbing element is sometimes relaxed so that it is not required to absorb 0; otherwise, 0 would be the only absorbing element.
Properties
If a magma has both a left zero z and a right zero z′, then it has a zero, since .
A magma can have at most one zero element.
Examples
The most well known example of an absorbing element comes from elementary algebra, where any number multiplied by zero equals zero. Zero is thus an absorbing element.
The zero of any ring is also an absorbing element. For an element r of a ring R, r0=r(0+0)=r0+r0, so 0=r0, as zero is the unique element a for which r-r=a for any r in the ring R. This property holds true also in a rng since multiplicative identity isn't required.
Floating point arithmetics as defined in IEEE-754 standard contains a special value called Not-a-Number ("NaN"). It is an absorbing element for every operation; i.e., , , etc.
The set of binary relations over a set X, together with the composition of relations forms a monoid with zero, where the zero element is the empty relation (empty set).
The closed interval with is also a monoid with zero, and the zero element is 0.
More examples:
See also
Idempotent (ring theory)an element x of a ring such that x2 = x
Identity element
Null semigroup
Notes
References
M. Kilp, U. Knauer, A.V. Mikhalev, Monoids, Acts and Categories with Applications to Wreath Products and Graphs, De Gruyter Expositions in Mathematics vol. 29, Walter de Gruyter, 2000, .
External links
Absorbing element at PlanetMath
Semigroup theory
Absorbing element
Algebraic properties of elements
Dolch Computer Systems Inc. (stylized as Dolch.) was a manufacturer of high-end ruggedized portable computers for industrial usage.
History
The company was founded by Volker Dolch in 1987 in California. They sold their interest in the company in 1996 but continued to run it until they retired in 2001.
In February 2005, Dolch was acquired by Kontron AG from Siegel-Robert, Inc. Kontron had sold its rugged mobile platform to Azonix in 2007.
Products
Portable Add-in Computers (PAC)
Dolch FieldPAC FPAC5-233-XG
Dolch PAC 486
Dolch PAC 386
Pack Portable
Dolch 286-Pack Portable Computer
References
External links
Defunct companies based in California
The Port-au-Saumon River is a tributary of the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River, flowing into the town of La Malbaie, into the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in the Capitale-Nationale administrative region, Quebec, Canada. The course of this river flows into the St. Lawrence River in the hamlet of Port-au-Saumon, northeast of the town of La Malbaie.
The lower part of the valley of this watercourse is served by route 138 which runs along the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River and by the road of the rang Sainte-Anne. The "chemin des érables" and Port-au-Saumon Lake Road serve the upper reaches of this stream.
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector; recreational and tourism activities (including vacationing around Lac au Saumon), second.
The surface of this stream is generally frozen from mid-December to late-March. Nevertheless, safe ice traffic is generally from late December to mid-March.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the "Port-au-Saumon River" are:
North side: Port au Persil River, Noire River (Charlevoix), Port aux Quilles River, rivière de la Baie des Rochers, Saguenay River;e
East side: Port-au-Saumon Bay, St. Lawrence River;
South side: Malbaie River, Comporté River, Pednaud Creek, Loutre River (Rivière du Gouffre), Mailloux River, Jean-Noël River;
West side: rivière Noire Sud-Ouest, Jacob River, Snigole River, Malbaie River.
The Port-au-Saumon River has its source at "Lac du Port-au-Saumon" (length: ; altitude: ) which is clover-shaped deformed and in forest area. The resort is developed around the northern appendage of the lake. The mouth of the lake is at the bottom of the eastern appendage.
From the mouth of Port-au-Saumon Lake, the course of the Port-au-Saumon River descends by traveling according to the following segments:
Upper part of the Port au Saumon River (segment of )
easterly along the south side of Port-au-Saumon Lake Road, then south-east, winding to the confluence of the Lake of Port au Saumon (coming from the north);
southeast winding to a creek (coming from the west);
south winding to a creek (coming from the west);
Lower part of the Port au Saumon River (segment of )
northeasterly under the Sainte-Anne Rang Road Bridge, forming a southerly curve across a series of rapids over this segment to the bridge of the Route 138 (Malcom-Fraser Boulevard);
southeasterly crossing a series of rapids to the east shore of Port-au-Saumon Inlet which is interelected in the Gulf of St. Lawrence. Sabere and Camarine Islands guard the exit of this bay.
Toponymy
The French toponym "Port-au-Saumon" is linked to the bay, the hamlet, the river and the lake.
The toponym "Port-au-Saumon River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
Notes and references
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
Patna Regional Development Authority abbreviated as PRDA, is a body of the Government of Bihar that is responsible for the infrastructure development of the Patna Metropolitan Region (PMR). It was established by the Bihar State Government with the sole purpose of the developing the infrastructure of the Patna Metropolitan Region. After Enactment of Bihar Municipal Act 2007, it is now merged into Patna Municipal Corporation.
Overview
After disbanding Patna Improvement Trust, the PRDA was set up in 1975 and was formed in 1979 under the provision of Patna Regional
Development Authority act 1978 for preparation of Regional Plan, Master Plan and Zonal Plan.
Patna Master Plan
In October 2016, Bihar cabinet approved the Patna master plan 2031 which envisages development of Bihta Airport. Bihar government is acquiring 126 acres of land for construction of the new airport. 17.6 km2 of area in Dumri Village in Punpun block of Patna (PMR) has been allocated for IT Park.
Jurisdiction
The area of jurisdiction of Patna Regional Development Authority covers an approximately 234.70 Square Kilometers comprising
Within Patna district: The Patna Urban Agglomeration area which comprises Patna Municipal Corporation Area (PMC), Danapur Cantonment Area, Danapur Nagar Palika Parishad area, Khagaul Nagar Palika Parishad area, Phulwari Sharif Nagar Palika Parishad area. Apart from these it also consists of Fatuha Nagar Parisad area, Maner Nagar Panchayat area and 104 villages.
Within Vaishali district: Hajipur Nagar Parisad area and 99 villages around Hajipur Nagar Panchayat area.
Within Saran district: Sonepur Nagar Panchayat Area and 19 villages around Sonepur Nagar Panchayat area.
See also
Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation
Patna Municipal Corporation
References
External links
1979 establishments in Bihar
2007 disestablishments in India
Government agencies established in 1979
Government agencies disestablished in 2007
State urban development authorities of India
Government of Patna
State agencies of Bihar
Kareena Kapoor is an Indian actor who has appeared in over 60 Hindi films. Kapoor made their acting debut opposite Abhishek Bachchan in the 2000 drama Refugee, for which they earned a Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut. The following year, they appeared in five films, including the romance Mujhe Kucch Kehna Hai, the thriller Ajnabee, and the ensemble melodrama Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham.... The latter emerged as the highest-grossing Bollywood film in overseas market to that point, and the success of these films established them in Bollywood. However, they followed it with a series of critical and commercial failures.
In 2004, Kapoor portrayed a prostitute in the 2004 drama Chameli, which proved to be a turning point in their career, earning them a Special Performance Award at Filmfare. That same year, they played a Muslim woman affected by the 2002 Gujarat riots in Govind Nihalani's political drama Dev, and two years later, they played the Desdemona character in Omkara (2006), an adaptation of William Shakespeare's tragedy Othello from director Vishal Bhardwaj. They won two Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actress for these films. In 2007, Kapoor played a loquacious Sikh girl in Jab We Met, a commercially successful romantic comedy-drama co-starring Shahid Kapoor, for which they won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress.
In 2009, Kapoor co-starred with Aamir Khan in Rajkumar Hirani's comedy-drama 3 Idiots, which emerged as the highest-grossing Indian film to that point. In 2010, they won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress for their role in the family drama We Are Family and played a tomboy in the lucrative comedy Golmaal 3. In 2011, they played the leading lady in the top-grossing action films Bodyguard and Ra.One. Among their four releases in 2012, they received praise for playing a free-spirited hairdresser in the romantic comedy Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, a troubled actor in Heroine and a prostitute in Talaash: The Answer Lies Within. Following an appearance in the poorly-received romance Gori Tere Pyaar Mein (2013), Kapoor decreased their workload for the next two years, taking on smaller parts of the love-interest in the androcentric films Singham Returns (2014) and Bajrangi Bhaijaan (2015); the latter ranks among Indian cinema's highest earners. This changed in 2016 when they starred in two commercial successes, the satire Ki & Ka and the acclaimed social drama Udta Punjab. In 2018, Kapoor had a leading role in the female buddy film Veere Di Wedding, which ranks among the highest-grossing female-led Hindi films.
Film
Documentary
Television
See also
Awards and nominations received by Kareena Kapoor Khan
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Indian filmographies
Actress filmographies
This is a list of cathedrals in the state of Ohio, United States:
See also
List of cathedrals in the United States
References
Ohio
Cathedrals in Ohio
Ohio
Cathedrals
Phtheochroa vitellinana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alberta, Maine, Ontario and Quebec.
Average wingspan is 12–13 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
References
Moths described in 1875
Phtheochroa
Želimir Vuković (Serbian Cyrillic: Желимир Вуковић; born in Adinkuru, France on April 29, 1983) is a Serbian alpine skier.  They are a member of Radnički skiing club.
They represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Men's Slalom.
Vuković was a Serbian flag bearer at the 2007 Winter Universiade in Turin, Italy.
References
External links
Olympic biography
FIS profile
1983 births
Living people
Alpine skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Serbia and Montenegro
Serbian male alpine skiers
The Men's relay of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 was held on March 11, 2011 at 14:00. Twenty-six nations participated.
Results
References
Biathlon World Championships 2011
The Sixth Michigan Territorial Council was a meeting of the legislative body governing Michigan Territory, known formally as the Legislative Council of the Territory of Michigan. The council met in Detroit in two regular sessions, one extra session, and one special session between January 7, 1834, and August 25, 1835, during the terms of George B. Porter and Stevens T. Mason as territorial governors.
In addition to the regular business of governing the territory, during these sessions the council dealt with a number of matters related to Michigan's desire for statehood, including petitioning both the United States Congress and President Andrew Jackson for action on the matter, organizing a census of the territory, trying to find a resolution of the ongoing dispute with Ohio known as the Toledo War, and calling a state constitutional convention in order to force Congress to act.
This was the final meeting of the territorial council in its role as the legislative body for all of Michigan Territory. The people of the portion of the territory east of Lake Michigan ratified a state constitution in 1835 that created a new Michigan Legislature, elections for which were held that same year. A 7th Michigan Territorial Council, also known as the Rump Council, was convened in 1836, but was composed of members only from that portion of the territory not governed by the new constitution, which later became the Wisconsin Territory.
Sessions
The council met in two regular sessions, one in 1834 and one in 1835. An extra session was held in late 1834, and a special session in August 1835.
First regular session
The first session convened at Detroit on January 7, 1834. The length of the session was limited by law to sixty days, but the pending application for statehood for Michigan before the United States Congress—and its anticipated failure—prompted the council on March 7, the final day of the session, to request that Congress authorizes an extra thirty-day session, callable by the territorial governor, for the purpose of arranging a census of the territory. Congress approved the request on June 30.
Extra session
Territorial Governor George B. Porter died during a cholera epidemic in July, leaving Acting Governor Stevens T. Mason to call the extra session, which convened in Detroit on September 1, 1834. In their message to the council, Mason reiterated the purpose of conducting a census to ascertain that the territory had more than the 60,000 inhabitants necessary to qualify for statehood under the terms of the Northwest Ordinance. Anticipating a constitutional convention, they wrote, "The State of Michigan will then have a right to demand admission into the Union; and it is not to be anticipated, that the Congress of the United States will hesitate to yield as a matter of right, what they have heretofore refused to grant to us as a favor." Mason also asked the council to end the practice of imprisoning debtors, and to organize counties and courts in land newly attached to Michigan Territory—the area of present-day Iowa and Minnesota.
In this session, the council extended the territorial laws to the newly-acquired lands and created Milwaukee County in the area of present-day Wisconsin. The council also called for a census of the lands both east and west of Lake Michigan to be conducted the following month, to be completed by November 2, and issued a resolution calling for statehood if the census showed a population above the 60,000 thresholds. The council adjourned on September 8, 1834, until November 11, after the census was due to be completed.
The extra session resumed on November 12, a day late due to a lack of quorums the day before. Mason reported to the council that the census showed 85,856
inhabitants, and exhorted them to authorize the election of delegates to a state constitutional convention. The council authorized all "free white inhabitants" of the territory to vote for delegates in April 1835, and reiterated Michigan's claim to the strip of land at dispute in the Toledo War with Ohio.
On December 26, the council passed an act providing for the appointment of three commissioners to negotiate and settle all disputes with Ohio. The extra session was adjourned on December 31. The second regular session was set to begin the following day, January 1, 1835, but the council immediately adjourned until January 12.
Second regular session
The second regular session convened in Detroit on January 12, 1835. The council wrote a lengthy petition to President Andrew Jackson imploring them to intervene to stop Ohio's pending claim of the disputed strip of land, saying, "What! Because the state of Ohio contains a million of inhabitants, and this territory but one hundred thousand, are our rights less sacred than hers? Or is justice in this free country to be measured by the number or strength of the parties?"
In February, Ohio Governor Robert Lucas rejected the idea of negotiating with the commissioners, saying the council had no authority to negotiate and any agreement would not be binding on Michigan as a state. In addition, they asked the Ohio Legislature to declare that "all counties bordering on the northern boundary of the state of Ohio shall extend to and be bounded on the north by the line running from the southern extremity of Lake Michigan to the most northern cape of Maumee bay", and direct local authorities to begin exercising jurisdiction in these areas, and the legislature complied. The Michigan Territorial Council, in response, passed on act on February 12 punishing by heavy fines or imprisonment any person who would "exercise or attempt to exercise any official functions" within the territory without authority from either the territory or the United States. Militias from Ohio and Michigan, under command of their respective governors, faced off across the Maumee River.
Anticipating the upcoming constitutional convention, the council authorized the territorial governor to apportion seats on the council among the remaining counties not covered by the constitution.
Special session
President Jackson dispatched a pair of commissioners to the Maumee River to meet with both governors, and they proposed a compromise which effectively gave Ohio what it wanted. Mason opposed the compromise, and called the council into special session on August 17, 1835, to consider it. The council unanimously rejected the proposed compromise on August 20. The state constitutional convention had met in the meantime, and its own resolution called for the territory not to interfere with re-marking the previously-surveyed "Harris line" that Ohio preferred, as long as Ohio did not exercise any jurisdiction over the disputed territory in the meantime. Ohio agreed, and the Toledo War effectively ended.
The council adjourned on August 25, 1835. That same day, Mason issued a proclamation apportioning membership on the council among the territory's remaining counties, and called for the newly-constituted council to meet in Green Bay on January 1, 1836; this would be the 7th council, which became known as the Rump Council.
Leadership and organization
After adoption of the standing rules for the session on January 13, 1834, John McDonell was elected president, John Norvell secretary, Seneca Allen recording clerk, Theodore Williams enrolling clerk, Elisha L. Atkins sergeant-at-arms, Harvey Chubb doorkeeper, and Solomon J. Matthews and Pitt Phillips messenger and assistant messenger, respectively.
At the second regular session, Morgan Lewis Martin was elected president, and Charles W. Whipple secretary.
Members
A January 1827 act of the United States Congress provided for the direct election of a 13-member legislative council by the people of the territory; the same act gave the council responsibility for determining the apportionment of seats.
The council apportioned the seats as follows in an 1828 act:
Notes
References
006
1834 in Michigan Territory
1835 in Michigan Territory
Michigan
Michigan
in chemistry, sulfoxidation refers to two distinct reactions.
In one meaning, sulfoxidation refers to the reaction of alkanes with a mixture of sulfur dioxide and oxygen. This reaction is employed industrially to produce alkyl sulfonic acids, which are used as surfactants. The reaction requires UV-radiation.
RH + SO2 + 1/2 O2 -> RSO3H
The reaction favors secondary positions in accord with its free-radical mechanism. Mixtures are produced. Semiconductor-sensitized variants have been reported.
Sulfoxidation can also refer to the oxygenation of a thioether to a sulfoxide.
R2S + O -> R2SO
A typical source of "O" is hydrogen peroxide.
References
Sulfoxides
Transfers
In:
Out:
Matches
Goalscorers
References
Iran Premier League Statistics
Persian League
Foolad F.C. seasons
Foolad
Yaşar Önel is a Turkish-born physicist who holds Swiss and American citizenship. They received their Ph.D. in Physics from London University in 1975. They worked at the Queen Mary University of London in the United Kingdom, and Neuchatel and Geneva Universities in Switzerland before joining the University of Texas at Austin in 1986. Then, they moved to the University of Iowa in 1988.  They are a tenured faculty professor. of Physics at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, IA, USA.
 They are an experimental high energy physicist who has expertise in building particle physics detectors for which they have five invention disclosures. Their focus is on photodetectors, optical systems, and calibrations systems used in large scale experiments. They have been a part of a number of high energy particle physics collaborations including: FERMILAB Experiment E683 (deputy spokesperson), Fermilab Experiment E863 (co-spokesperson), Fermilab Experiments E704, E781 and E907, SPRIT Collaboration at Brookhaven National Laboratory (spokesperson), GEM Collaboration at SSC, Spinsplitter Collaboration at IUCF (co-spokesperson), SING Collaboration at CERN LEAR, CALICE Collaboration, LHC-CMS Collaboration and FCC Collaboration. They have been the US coordinator and the upgrade project manager of Forward Calorimetry of the CMS at LHC for many years.  They are funded by the US Department of Energy (DOE) and previously had grants from the US NSF and NATO. They have acquired about $25 million in total from grant funding for their research activities so far.
Onel has more than 900 publications in peer-reviewed journals and is the co-author of two books; Trends in Collider Spin Physics, and Spin and Polarization Dynamics in Nuclear & Particle Physics. They have been James Van Allen Natural Sciences Fellow since 1998 and American Physical Society (APS) Fellow since 2008
They have supervised more than 15 Ph.D. students at the UI since 1988. Most of them are working at different universities in the US and abroad as a faculty and some of them are working in the private sector, running R&D departments or running their own companies. They have been serving in the NSF&CMS Education and Outreach Committee for a number of years and they are an Iowa team mentor of the QuarkNet project at Fermilab.
References
Turkish physicists
University of Iowa faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People associated with CERN
Sir George William Harriman CBE (3 March 1908 – 29 May 1973) was a leading figure in the British motor industry in the 1960s.
Early life and education
Harriman was born in Coventry to George Harriman, a "Motor Machinist", and May Victoria (née Cooper).
Career
Morris Motors
In 1923 they were apprenticed at the Hotchkiss works in Coventry of Morris Motors Limited. They were promoted repeatedly, becoming assistant works superintendent with Morris in 1938.
Austin Motor Company
In 1940 they joined Austin, and by 1945 had become a director of that company. There followed a succession of promotions through the management of BMC, a car manufacturing conglomerate created from the merger in 1952 of the Morris and Austin businesses.
British Motor Corporation
In 1961 they were appointed Chairman and Managing Director of the British Motor Corporation having taken over many of the responsibilities of Leonard Lord some years earlier.
Personal life
In addition to their business career, they were a noted rugby football player, captaining the Coventry and Warwickshire teams in the 1930s, and playing briefly for the England team in 1933.
They married Vera G Reynolds in 1936, but they died in 1954 aged just 42. In 1957 their sister married their late wife's brother.
Honours
Harriman was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1943 and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1951.
They were knighted in 1965.
References
1908 births
1973 deaths
Knights Bachelor
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People from Coventry
20th-century English businesspeople
Events from the year 1686 in England.
Incumbents
Monarch – James II
Parliament – Loyal
Events
21 June – judgement in the case of Godden v. Hales affirms the king's power to exercise their dispensing powers granting exemptions from anti-Catholic legislation. Heneage Finch is dismissed as Solicitor General for their refusal to defend the king's case.
10 July – Court of Ecclesiastical Commission created.
17 July – King James appoints four Catholics to the Privy Council of England.
5 November – Bar Convent in York established, making it the oldest surviving active Catholic convent in England.
Undated
A group of conspirators meets at Charborough House in Dorset to plan the overthrow of James II by Parliamentarians and the Dutch Stadtholder William III of Orange-Nassau (James's son-in-law).
Publications
Edmond Halley presents a systematic study of the trade winds and monsoons and identifies solar heating as the cause of atmospheric motions.
Robert Plot publishes The Natural History of Staffordshire.
Births
6 March – Christopher Packe, medical doctor and geologist (died 1749)
9 April – James Craggs the Younger, politician (died 1721)
29 April – Peregrine Bertie, 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, statesman (died 1742)
5 June – Edward Howard, 9th Duke of Norfolk, aristocrat (died 1777; possibly born 1685)
12 August – John Balguy, philosopher (died 1748)
19 August – Eustace Budgell, writer (suicide 1737)
30 November – Richard Lumley, 2nd Earl of Scarbrough, Whig politician (suicide 1740)
Unknown dates
Thomas Carte, historian (died 1754)
George Clinton, naval officer, colonial governor and politician (died 1761)
Giles Jacob, legal writer and literary critic (died 1744)
William Law, clergyman (died 1761)
Deaths
14 January – Sir Thomas Abdy, 1st Baronet, lawyer and landowner (born 1612)
19 January – Simon Digby, 4th Baron Digby, politician (born 1657)
10 February – Sir William Dugdale, antiquary (born 1605)
15 April – Sir Joseph Ashe, 1st Baronet, Whig politician and merchant (born 1618)
21 April – John Dolben, Archbishop of York (born 1625)
28 May – Paskah Rose, butcher, executioner and burglar (birth unknown)
23 June – Sir William Coventry, statesman (born c. 1628)
10 July – John Fell, Bishop of Oxford (born 1625)
16 July – John Pearson, theologian and scholar (born 1612)
28 July (bur.) – Thomas Watson, nonconformist Puritan preacher and author (born c. 1620)
26 October – John Egerton, 2nd Earl of Bridgewater, nobleman (born 1623)
November – Jack Ketch, executioner employed by King Charles II (birth unknown)
Probable date – John Playford, bookseller and music publisher (born 1623)
References
Years of the 17th century in England
Cerrigceinwen () is a hamlet in the community of Llangristiolus, Ynys Môn, Wales.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
In acoustics, a free field is a situation or space in which no sound reflections occur.
Characteristics
The lack of reflections in a free field means that any sound in the field is entirely determined by a listener or microphone because it is received through the direct sound of the sound source. This makes the open field a direct sound field. In a free field, sound is attenuated with increased distance according to the inverse-square law.
Examples and uses
In nature, free field conditions occur only when sound reflections from the floor can be ignored, e.g. in new snow in a field, or approximately at good sound-absorbing floors (deciduous, dry sand, etc.) Free field conditions can be artificially produced in anechoic chambers. In particular, free field conditions play a major role in acoustic measurements and sound perception experiments as results are isolated from room reflections.
With voice and sound recordings, one often seeks a condition free from sound reflections similar to a free field, even when during post-processing specifically desired spatial impression will be added, because this is not distorted by any sound reflections of the recording room.
In the simple example shown in Figure 1, a singular sound source emits sound evenly and spherically with no obstructions.
Equations
The sound intensity and pressure level of any point in a free field is calculated below, where r (in meters) is the distance from the source and "where ρ and c are the air density and speed of sound respectively.
To calculate for air pressure, the equation can be written differently:
In order to simplify this equation we can remove elements:
Measuring the sound pressure level at a reference distance (Rm) from the source allows us measure another distance (r) more easily than other methods:
This means that as the distance from the sources doubles, the noise level decreases by 6 dB for each doubling. However if the sound field is not truly free of reflections, a directivity factor Q will help "characterise the directional sound radiation properties of a source."
Reference
See also
Line array#Theory
Acoustics
Thought experiments in physics
Gurbetelli Ersöz (1965, Palu, Elazığ– 8 October 1997, South Kurdistan) was a chemist, journalist and later also member of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK).
Biography
Gurbetelli was born in Palu, Elazığ, and studied chemistry at the University. Later they worked as an assistant at the Çukurova University. As a chemist they call the Chernobyl catastrophe of 1986 and the chemical attack in Halabja in 1988 two major events, turning points in their life. Following, they began to get involved politically active, they wanted to make a change. Due to their political activities, they were arrested in 1990, and prosecuted and sentenced for supporting the PKK. They stayed in prison for two years. After their release, they became the Editor in-Chief of Özgür Gündem, a newspaper which showed the Kurdish side of the Kurdish-Turkish conflict. But their tenure was short-lived as they were detained with 107 other people during a search of the newspapers headquarters in Istanbul on the 10 December 1993. Eventually they were arrested on the 12 January 1994. During the trial the prosecutor demanded up to 15 years imprisonment. Gurbetelli and the other prosecuted journalists were supported by the Committee to Protect Journalists and writers like Harold Pinter or Noam Chomsky. They were sentenced to 3 Years and 9 months imprisonment but released in June 1994. After they were not allowed any work as a journalist, they joined the PKK in 1995. They were killed in combat on the 8 October 1997.
A case was opened at the European Court of Human Rights in 1998 mentioning them together with other former staff members of Özgür Gündem. The court decided not to consider them being a applicant to the court as they have died in 1997.
Legacy
Gurbetelli is seen as a proficient journalist in the Kurdish society and within the Musa Anter and Free Press Martyrs Journalism Awards of the Free Journalists Association of Turkey, there exists a Gurbetelli Award in their memory. To the award ceremony of 2016, several politicians of the Peoples Democratic Party (HDP) attended. The Press Academy of the PKK also bears their name. The visual artist Banu Cennetoğlu presented an art work about their diary at the Documenta 14 in Athens. Them diary was published in Germany in 1998 and called I Engraved My Heart into the Mountains and in 2014 the book was also published in Turkey, but soon after the book was banned by the Turkish authorities.
References
Members of the Kurdistan Workers' Party
Kurdish journalists
Turkish prisoners and detainees
1965 births
1997 deaths
Kurdish female military and paramilitary personnel
Kurdish military personnel killed in action
Bailment is a legal relationship in common law, where the owner transfers physical possession of personal property ("chattel") for a time, but retains ownership. The owner who surrenders custody to a property is called the "bailor" and the individual who accepts the property is called a "bailee". The bailee is the person who possesses the personal property in trust for the owner for a set time and for a precise reason and who delivers the property back to the owner when they have accomplished the purpose that was initially intended.
General
Bailment is distinguished from a contract of sale or a gift of property, as it only involves the transfer of possession and not its ownership. To create a bailment, the bailee must both intend to possess, and actually physically possess, the bailable chattel. Although a bailment relationship is ordinarily created by contract, there are circumstances where lawful possession by the bailee creates a bailment relationship without an ordinary contract, such as an involuntary bailment. A bailment relationship between the bailor and bailee is generally less formal than a fiduciary relationship.
In addition, unlike a lease or rental, where ownership remains with the lessor but the lessee is allowed to use the property, the bailee is generally not entitled to the use of the property while it is in their possession. However, a lease of personal property is the same as a bailment for hire, where the bailee gains the right to use the property.
A common example of bailment is leaving one's car with a valet. Leaving a car in an unattended parking garage, however, is typically a lease or license of a parking space rather than a bailment, as the garage does not take possession of (i.e. exercise dominion or control over) the car. However, bailments arise in many other situations, including terminated leases of property, warehousing (including store-it-yourself), or in carriage of goods.
Governing law
In the United States, bailments are frequently governed by statute. For example, the UCC regulates personal property leases. State bailment for hire statutes may also regulate the rights and duties of parties in the bailment relationship.
Bailment is a typical common law concept, although similar concepts exists in civil law.
Purposes
There are three types of bailments, based on the purpose of the relationship:
for the benefit of the bailor and bailee
for the sole benefit of the bailor; and
for the sole benefit of the bailee.
Examples
A bailment for the mutual benefit of the parties is created when there is an exchange of performances between the parties (e.g. a bailment for the repair of an item when the owner is paying to have the repair accomplished).
A bailor receives the sole benefit from a bailment when a bailee acts gratuitously (e.g. the owner leaves the precious item such as a car or a piece of jewelry in the safekeeping of a trusted friend while the owner is traveling abroad without any agreement to compensate the friend).
A bailment is created for the sole benefit of the bailee when a bailor acts gratuitously (e.g., the loan of a book to a patron, the bailee, from a library, the bailor).
Damages
Plaintiffs will be able to sue for damages based on the duty of care. Often this will be normal tort damages. Plaintiff may elect also to sue for conversion, either in the replevin or trover, although these are generally considered older, common law damages.
Terms
Bailment can arise in a number of situations and is often described by the type of relationship that gave rise to the bailment. Two common distinctions are:
For consideration versus gratuitous. If a person agrees to accept a fee or other good consideration for holding possession of goods, they are generally held to a higher standard of care than a person who is doing so without being paid (or receives no benefit). Consider a paid coat-check counter versus a free coat hook by the front door and the respective obligations of the bailee. Some establishments even post signs to the effect that "no bailment" is created by leaving your personal possessions in their care, but local laws may prevent unfair enforcement of such terms (especially attended car parks).
Fixed-term versus indefinite-term. A bailor who leaves property for a fixed term may be deemed to have abandoned the property if it is not removed at the end of the term, or it may convert to an involuntary bailment for a reasonable time (e.g., abandoned property in a bank safe, eventually escheats to the state, and the treasurer may hold it for some period, awaiting the owner). However, if there is no clear term of bailment agreed upon, the goods cannot be considered abandoned unless the bailee is given notice that the bailor wishes to give up possession of the goods. Frequently, in the case of storage of goods, the bailee also acquires a contractual or statutory right to dispose of the goods to satisfy overdue rent.
Cases
Coggs v Bernard (1703)
References
See also
Bail
Interest in securities
Trover
Replevin
Personal property law
Roland Jooris (born 22 July 1936) is a Belgian poet and writer on contemporary art. They were born at Wetteren. Jooris graduated as a teacher for secondary education (high school) in Germanic languages and was a teacher at the State Technical Institute in Lokeren.
Bibliography
Gitaar (1956)
Bluebird (1958)
Een konsumptief landschap (1969)
Laarne (1971)
More is less (1972)
Raoul de Keyser (1972) (essay)
Het vierkant op het einde van de zomer (1974)
Het museum van de zomer (1974)
Atelier (1975), interviews
Bladstil (1977)
Roger Raveel en Beervelde (1979) (essay)
Akker (1982)
Gedichten 1958–1978 (1987)
Geschilderd of geschreven (?)
Gekras (2001)
De contouren van het verstrijken (2008)
Awards
1976 - Tweejaarlijkse prijs voor poëzie van De Vlaamse Gids
1979 - Jan Campertprijs for Gedichten 1958–78
1981 - Prijs van de Vlaamse Provincies
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Roland Jooris (in Dutch)
Roland Jooris (in Dutch)
1936 births
Living people
Flemish poets
People from Wetteren
20th-century Belgian writers
William Parker (died c. 1631) was an Anglican priest. and archdeacon of Cornwall.
Parker was educated at Lincoln College, Oxford.
They were Archdeacon of Totnes; from 1613 to 1616: and Archdeacon of Cornwall from 1616 until 1628.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Archdeacons of Cornwall
17th-century English Anglican priests
Alumni of Lincoln College, Oxford
Trawool is a valley and town in central Victoria, Australia. The area lies on the middle reaches of the Goulburn River and on the Goulburn Valley Highway, north of the state capital, Melbourne.
Originally named Traawool, the indigenous word for 'wild water', the district is dominated by agriculture and scenery.
History
First explored by Hume and Hovell in 1824, it was later settled as a large sheep station.
Michael "Patrick" Burns (Born 1829, Kilrush, County Clare) selected land (now known as Mt Pleasant) once a part of the Tallarook Run in 1867. They had come from Sydney in 1857 to work for Michael Hickey ( Born 1825 Cratloe, County Clare) at Camp Hill, Tallarook. They and their family settled there on 20 March 1871. Burns lobbied for a school and donated the land. A portable school building was erected in 1885 and classes commenced the same year with a Helen McKay as Head Teacher. The Burns were actively involved with the Trawool community throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, including the introduction of the railway, the post office (from 1886 to its closure in 1972), and entertaining servicemen from the Seymour Army Camp.
Trawool Valley Resort is listed in the National Trust Heritage Register recognised for its importance as a scenic, geological and cultural site, and for its great diversity of flora and fauna. By 2018 the resort had fallen into a degree of disrepair, but after an auction in 2018 new owners extensively refurbished the buildings, and it re-opened in late 2019 as The Trawool Estate, an accommodation, dining, and events venue.
The Trawool Hotel was established at a river crossing site. A punt was used to ferry passengers across the river until a bridge was built. When a railway branch line from Tallarook to Yea was created in 1883 the Trawool railway station was built.
After a period of growth in the 1880s, the settlement went into decline although a granite quarry was established in the area in the early 1890s. Australian and American troops were stationed at Trawool during World War II. Electricity arrived in the district in 1945. However Trawool school closed in 1959, the post office relocated in 1972 and the last train travelled on the local railway line in 1978.
References
External links
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in Lower Hume
Shire of Mitchell
Shire of Murrindindi
Patrik Šimko (born 8 July 1991) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for the Czech 1. Liga club 1. FC Slovacko. They made their debut in Slovak 1. Liga for MŠK Žilina against MFK Košice on 2 October 2010.
External links
References
1991 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Association football defenders
1. FC Tatran Prešov players
MŠK Žilina players
1. HFK Olomouc players
Slovak Super Liga players
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Morrumbala District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique. The town of Morrumbala is the district headquarters.
The Shire River forms the western boundary of the district, separating the district from Tete Province and Malawi. The Ruo River, a tributary of the Shire, forms the northwestern boundary. Milange District lies to the north. Mocuba District lies to the east, and Nicoadala District to the southeast. Mopeia District is to the south.
Most of the district lies on the Morrumbala Plateau. The plateau drops steeply on its western edge, called the Morrumbala Escarpment, to the valley of the Shire River. Mount Morrumbala (1,172 m.) lies on the western edge of the plateau.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
The Sixth East Asia Summit was held in Bali, Indonesia on November 18–19, 2011. The East Asia Summit is a nominally annual meeting of national leaders from the East Asian region and adjoining countries.
Attending delegations
The heads of state and heads of government of the eighteen countries participated in the summit:
Agenda
US refocus
US President Obama made their inaugural visit to the Sixth East Asia Summit underlining the United States returned focus on the Asia Pacific region despite congressional budgetary constraints and cutbacks. This included expanded military presence in northern Australia which has neighbouring countries like Indonesia and China wary. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will make the first official US trip to Myanmar (Burma) in more than 50 years.
US military training in northern Australia
Australian Prime Minister Gillard held discussions with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono about United States military training hub in Darwin was not targeted any particular country and was there to help with disaster recovery and strengthen longstanding defence ties with the United States through ANZUS which is over 60 years old. President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono also relayed to Australian Prime Minister Gillard, the defence exercises should involve ASEAN countries and also China to reduce tension and build trust.
The Australian Prime Minister has also held talks with Chinese Premier Wen to reduce concerns about the defence arrangement. They reiterated Australia always will have an ally in Washington and a friend in Beijing.
Regional maritime dispute
The United States has stated it supported multilateral talks on a regional basis to ensure disputes in the South China Sea is resolved peacefully even though it is not a party to any territorial dispute and claims to be not taking any sides. China reinforced its view the maritime dispute should be resolved bilaterally with all the countries involved rather than involving external forces which they see as interference and added layer of complexity. China sees the United States bringing the territorial dispute in the summit as a containment policy to counter China's growing economic and political influence within the region. China has continued to emphasize its peaceful rise and endeavors to work with neighbouring countries to reach agreements on maritime disputes.
The concerns of smaller countries about the growing influence of its northern neighbour has allowed the United States to become more involved in the region and coincide with some of their interests to counterbalance China. This also has the effect of countries having stronger individual voices to negotiate with China.
Myanmar
President Obama has said they are dispatching Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to Myanmar in the next few weeks to engage in dialogue about better ties with the United States. The Burmese government is civilian run since March 2011. The United States stressed China was advised of the visit and not replacing Myanmar's strong ties with China. They also stated China would want to see a stable Myanmar adjacent to its border and reduce risk such as political instability and refugees. China is a longstanding supporter of resource rich Myanmar and has provided financial and investment support. The Burmese government has reacted they will continue on the path of opening up through relaxing political restrictions and releasing political prisoners.
Myanmar has been chosen as host of the ASEAN summit to be held in 2014 despite concerns from human rights groups the reforms are not enough. Other countries have stated granting the chairing of the ASEAN conference will encourage the Myanmar civilian government to continue the pace of change in the country which has been economically and politically isolated by embargo and restrictions.
Outcome
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev did not attend and was represented by Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. New Zealand Prime Minister John Key also did not attend and was represented by Foreign Minister Murray McCully. The other members' leaders attended.
References
2011 conferences
2011 in international relations
21st-century diplomatic conferences
ASEAN meetings
2011 in Indonesia
Diplomatic conferences in Indonesia
History of Bali
November 2011 events in Asia
Mukasa is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adolphus Ludigo-Mukasa (1861–1886), Ugandan Roman Catholic martyred for their faith
Mukasa Mbidde (born 1973), Ugandan lawyer, human-rights activist, politician
Ashe Mukasa (born 1952), former Ugandan football midfielder
Basammula-Ekkere Mwanga II Mukasa (1868–1903), Kabaka of Buganda from 1884 until 1888 and from 1889 until 1897
Ham Mukasa (1868–1956), page in the court of Mutesa I of Buganda and later secretary to Apolo Kagwa
Joseph Mukasa Balikuddembe (1860–1885), Ugandan Roman Catholic recognized as a martyr and saint by the Catholic Church
Roger Mukasa, (born 1989), Ugandan cricketer
Ruben Spartas Mukasa (1899–1982), religious reformer in Uganda
Wilson Muruli Mukasa, Ugandan politician
Joseph Mukasa Zuza (1955–2015), Roman Catholic bishop
Nathan Mukasa (born 2004), Ugandan/Trinidadian OutKast
See also
Mukasura
Mukhtasar
Muklassa
Achaaram is a 2015 Tamil-language crime thriller film written and directed by Mohan Krishna and produced by A. Sankara Padma. The film stars Ganesh Venkatraman, Munna, and Poonam Kaur in the lead roles. The music was composed by Srikanth Deva with cinematography by R. K. Prathap and editing by Suresh Urs. The film released on 19 June 2015.
Synopsis
Suriya, a sub-inspector, hates modern women and kills them secretly at night. When they meet Ramya, the wife of an architect, they become obsessed with them
Cast
Ganesh Venkatraman as Suriya
Munna as Siva
Poonam Kaur as Ramya
Rekha
Gnanadesh Ambedkar
O. A. K. Sundar as Police officer
Rajya Lakshmi
Aishwarya Dutta as Nandhini (cameo appearance)
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by Srikanth Deva, while lyrics written by Yugabharathi.
"Kokkoga" - Nincy Vincent
"Unna Vida Maatten" - MLR Karthikeyan, Srilekha Parthasarathy
"En Veettukku" - Vijay Yesudas
"Amma En" - Nivas
"Perazhagai" - Sooraj Santhosh, Mahathi
Critical reception
Rediff gave the film 2.5 stars out of 5 and called it a "decent thriller". Deccan Chronicle gave the same rating and wrote, "good execution and noteworthy performances make Achaaram a fulfilling experience", while calling it a "tactfully arranged psychological thriller". The New Indian Express wrote, "The debutant director has tried to offer a dark psychological thriller with some freshness. But the screenplay could have been more interestingly crafted and the narrative style more polished. Achaaram is at the most a promising work of a debutant maker". Sify wrote, "Acharam is watchable for the good performance of Ganesh Venkatraman and also for the basic story-line which reflects the current happenings in the society".
References
External links
2015 films
2015 crime thriller films
2010s Tamil-language films
Films scored by Srikanth Deva
Indian crime thriller films
The Saleen 1, also called the Saleen S1, is a two-seater sports car developed and built by American automobile manufacturer Saleen Automotive. It was unveiled at the 2017 LA Auto Show, and is the first car developed entirely by Saleen since the Saleen S7 ended production in 2009. Production of the Saleen 1 is planned to be 1,500 units yearly, with a starting price of US$100,000 each.
Specifications
Powertrain
The Saleen 1 is powered by a proprietary 2.5 litre turbocharged inline-four engine developed by Saleen (based on the GM LKW Ecotec3 engine, it has a cast aluminum cylinder block with cast-in iron liners and uses a forged steel crankshaft), with an bore and stroke, and rated at and of torque. The engine is mid-rear, transversely mounted and drives the rear wheels.
Transmission
The Saleen 1 is equipped with a 6-speed manual transmission as standard, however a paddle shift automatic transmission is expected to be offered as an option.
Suspension
The Saleen 1 uses double wishbone suspension on the front and rear axles of the vehicle, allowing for easier tuning of suspension kinematics and properties such as camber angle or toe.
Wheels
The car is equipped with alloy wheels with diameters of 20 inches at the front and rear. The Continental tires have codes of 255/30 ZR 20 for the front and 335/25 ZR 20 for the rear. The brake calipers and rotors measure 15 inches in diameter at the front and the rear.
Interior features
The interior of the Saleen 1 is finished mostly in leather, suede, and Alcantara. Other amenities include Sirius radio, Apple CarPlay, and a six-speaker sound system.
Performance
The manufacturer claims a top speed of for the Saleen 1. The car has claimed acceleration times of 3.5 seconds for and 11.3 seconds for the quarter mile. These acceleration times are achieved through a power-to-weight ratio of 0.17 hp/lb (0.28 kW/kg). The Saleen 1 is also capable of 1.2g of lateral acceleration in a turn.
Racing
Saleen Cup
The Saleen Cup was launched in partnership with SRO Motorsports Group in 2019 to demonstrate the capabilities of the S1. A modified version of the Saleen 1, called the Saleen Cup car, is the exclusive car raced in the series. The Cup car features race-spec aerodynamics, FIA standard safety equipment, and slick racing tires. The Saleen Cup series consists of eight races at four tracks around the United States, listed below:
The 2020 Saleen Cup was cancelled the weekend before its scheduled opening event.
GT4
Saleen plans to further modify the Saleen 1 Cup car for GT4 homologation for the 2020 season. Saleen's plan includes the introduction of a factory racing team, with at least one driver sourced from the winners of the summer 2019 Saleen Cup.
References
External links
Saleen 1 official website
2010s cars
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Saleen vehicles
Sports cars
Cars introduced in 2017
Oriel Wind Farm is a proposed offshore wind farm in the northwestern Irish Sea. The project is owned and developed by Oriel Windfarm Limited, a privately owned Irish renewable energy company.
The proposed Oriel wind farm will be located near Clogherhead, approximately southeast of Dundalk, County Louth, and approximately northeast of Drogheda. The farm takes its name from the ancient Kingdom of Oriel.
Environmental impact
Detailed surveys and studies of the physical, ecological, and human environment at the proposed wind farm site have been carried out since 2003. These ranged from geotechnical assessments of the area to surveys of birds flying above the site.
Construction
In 2013 it was said that construction would start in 2015, with the entire development completed by 2017. However, by 2014, the project was on hold pending talks between the Irish and UK governments on exporting the electricity to the UK.
In July 2015 it was announced that the companies Oriel Windfarm and Gaelectric would co-develop a 15MW demonstration project, that would include the development of a Research and Development hub for offshore energy. It was announced that the project, termed the North Irish Sea Array, had the potential to produce 870MW of electricity.
Output
Once completed, the wind farm will be capable of generating up to 330 megawatts of electricity. The generated electricity will be fed into the National Grid at one of the following locations: Castlebellingham or Dunany in County Louth or Bremore in County Dublin. The output will then be exported via interconnector to the UK and European energy markets.
References
Wind farms in the Republic of Ireland
Offshore wind farms in the Irish Sea
Proposed wind farms
Proposed renewable energy power stations in the Republic of Ireland
William Field (6 January 1768 – 16 August 1851) was an English Unitarian minister.
Early life
Field was born at Stoke Newington on 6 January 1768. John Field, their father, a London medical practitioner, and founder of the London Annuity Society, was a man of property, who married Anne, daughter of Thomas Cromwell, a grocer, and sister of Oliver Cromwell. Field got a good classical training; while at school they corresponded with their father in Latin. They studied for the ministry first at Homerton, but left that institution for doctrinal reasons soon after the appointment of John Fell. In 1788 they entered Daventry Academy under Thomas Belsham, and left when Belsham resigned (June 1789).
Religious career
Field succeeded James Kettle in 1789 as minister of the presbyterian congregation at Warwick, Warwickshire, where they were ordained on 12 July 1790. On this occasion Belsham gave the charge, and Joseph Priestley preached. Dr. Samuel Parr, who then first met Priestley, attended the service and the ordination dinner. Thus began Field's close intimacy with Parr, a connection fostered by their common devotion to classical studies. Field at once (1791) started a Sunday school (the first in Warwick). This led them into a squabble with some local clergy. Field, who was always ready for a pamphlet war, issued the first of many productions of their incisive pen, in which the dignity of style, and the profusion of literary and classical illustration, contrast curiously with the pettiness of the disputes. Their meeting-house, rebuilt 1780, was fitted with a sloping floor, to improve its quality as an auditorium; Field excited some comment by surmounting the front of the building with a stone cross. About 1830 they undertook the charge of an old Presbyterian meeting-house at Kenilworth, conducting afternoon service in addition to their Warwick duties. This meeting-house was rebuilt (1846) by their son Edwin Wilkins Field. Field remained in active duty for nearly sixty years. They resigned Warwick in 1843, and was succeeded in 1844 by Henry Ashton Meeson, M.D. At Kenilworth they were succeeded in 1850 by John Gordon.
Teaching career
Field kept a boarding-school for many years at Leam, near Warwick. This led to their publishing some educational manuals, of which the most valuable was their Questions on the Gospel History, recommended in the Critical Review (June 1794) to theological students in the two universities. Their history of Warwick and their life of Parr are important works.
Death and family
They died at Leam on 16 August 1851; a marble slab to their memory was placed in High Street Chapel, Warwick.
By their wife, Mary (Wilkins), who died at Liverpool on 2 October 1848, aged 64, they had a numerous family. Edwin Wilkins, the eldest, married Mary Sharpe, sister of the geologist Daniel and the banker and Egyptologist Samuel and niece of Samuel Rogers the man of letters; Horace was an architect.
Field was of diminutive stature, with a noble head; their portrait has been engraved. They never forgot the distinction of their Cromwell blood; their extensive correspondence was both erudite and racy; they were a genial host, and their conversation, in spite of their constitutional deafness, was very enjoyable.
Publications
Field published a multitude of pamphlets and sermons,
"Letter to the Inhabitants of Warwick," &c., 1791, 8vo,
"Letter to the Inhabitants … of Kenilworth," &c., 1848, 12mo.
In addition to these their chief publications were:
A Series of Questions … as a Guide to the Critical Study of the Four Gospels, &c., 1794, 12mo; second edition, printed 1805;
Copies were issued from time to time for private use (with various title-pages), but it was not published till 1846, 12mo, with large introduction
An Historical and Descriptive Account of … Warwick and … Leamington, &c., Warwick, 1815, 8vo (anon., "advertisement" signed W. F.; plates).
Memoirs of the Rev. Samuel Parr, LL.D., 1828, 2 vols. 8vo.
Field was a frequent contributor of critical and other articles to the Monthly Repository and Christian Reformer.
References
1768 births
1851 deaths
Schoolteachers from London
People from Stoke Newington
People from Warwick
18th-century English writers
18th-century English male writers
19th-century English writers
18th-century English educators
19th-century English educators
Deaf religious workers
English Unitarian ministers
English Presbyterian ministers
Deaf people from England
Gtech may refer to:
GTECH S.p.A., now International Game Technology, formerly Lottomatica S.p.A.
GTECH Corporation, an American company that was acquired by Lottomatica in 2006
Grey Technology (Gtech), a British company Grey Technology Ltd (Gtech) for cordless home and garden appliances
Seeduwa Raddoluwa was a first-class cricket club based in Seeduwa, Sri Lanka. In 2011, the team was renamed Sri Lanka Ports Authority Cricket Club.
History
Seeduwa Raddoluwa joined the revamped Sri Lankan first-class competition in the 2008–09 season, becoming the 32nd team to take part in the competition. They played in the 2008–09, 2009–10 and 2010–11 seasons.
They played 27 matches, with 11 wins, 6 losses and 10 draws.
Team records
Highest team total - 391 vs Police Sports Club, 2009–10
Best innings bowling figures - TMUS Karunaratne 7/146 vs Singha, 2009–10
Highest individual score - WWP Taraka 127 vs Police Sports Club, 2008–09
Partnership records -
1st - 81 SD Jayathilake & TMUS Karunaratne vs PSC, Colombo (PPS), 2009–10
2nd - 68* TMUS Karunaratne & WKG Dilruk vs SLAF, Colombo (AF), 2009–10
3rd - 170 HG Kumara & KM Fernando vs Navy, Colombo, 2009–10
4th - 102 WBH Samarawickrame & TMUS Karunaratne vs Navy, Welisara, 2009–10
5th - 132 TMUS Karunaratne & KM Fernando vs PSC, Colombo (PPS), 2009–10
6th - 151 WBH Samarawickrame & DGR Dhammika vs BRC, Colombo, 2008–09
7th - 104 HG Kumara & AVS Nikethana vs BRC, Colombo, 2009–10
8th - 72 DGR Dhammika & WKG Dilruk vs Saracens, Colombo (RSC), 2008–09
8th - 72 WKG Dilruk & HG Kumara vs SLAF, Colombo, 2008–09
9th - 61 JDM de Silva & KMP Kumara vs LCC, Colombo, 2009–10
10th - 55 WBH Samarawickrame & WKG Dilruk vs Seb, Katunayake-FTZ, 2008/09
References
External links
Seeduwa Raddoluwa Cricket Club at CricketArchive
Sri Lankan first-class cricket teams
The Macchi M.39 was a racing seaplane designed and built by the Italian aircraft company Aeronautica Macchi in 1925–26. An M.39 piloted by Major Mario de Bernardi (1893–1959) won the 1926 Schneider Trophy, and the type also set world speed records that year.
Design and development
The M.39 was designed by Mario Castoldi to represent Italy in the 1926 Schneider Trophy competition, and was the first low-wing monoplane that they designed for Macchi. It was a single-seat twin-float seaplane of mixed (metal and wooden) construction. The wooden wings were wire-braced, with two-thirds of the upper surfaces used as low drag surface radiators. The pilot sat in an open cockpit above the trailing edge of the wing; the cockpits windscreen was profiled into the fuselage decking to reduce aerodynamic drag. The floats carried fuel.
The M.39 had features specializing it for Schneider Trophy competition. The course circuit required left turns, so the left wing had a slightly greater span than the right wing to allow the aircraft to make tighter left-hand turns. To counteract propeller torque reaction, the floats had unequal buoyancy.
Macchi built two versions of the M.39, a trainer version and a racer. The trainer version had an increased wingspan of 10.23 metres (33ft 7in) -compared to the 9.26m (30ft 4.5in) of the racers- and was powered by a 447-kilowatt (600-horsepower) Fiat AS.2 liquid-cooled V12 engine, while the racing version had a 597-kilowatt (800-horsepower) Fiat AS.2. Macchi built two trainers, three racers, and one non-flying static-test airframe. The first M.39, a trainer with serial number MM.72, was built in only a few months. It was soon followed by the second trainer (MM.73), the three racers (MM.74, MM.75, and MM.76), and the static-test airframe.
Operational history
The first M.39 to fly was the trainer MM.72, which made its first flight on 6 July 1926. On 16 September 1926, the Italian Schneider team captain stalled one of the trainers over Lake Varese, crashed into the lake, and was killed, but development of the M.39 continued.
On 13 November 1926, the three M.39 racers took part in the 1926 Schneider Trophy contest at Hampton Roads, Virginia, in the United States. MM.75 suffered a burst pipe and had to leave the race early, but MM.76, piloted by Major de Bernardi, took first place with an average speed of , setting a new world speed record for seaplanes. MM.74, flown by Adriano Bacula, came third.
Four days later, on 17 November 1926, de Bernardi used MM.76 to achieve a new world speed record of over a course at Hampton Roads.
Castoldi based the design of their next racing seaplane, the Macchi M.52, on that of the M.39.
Surviving aircraft
MM76, the aircraft flown by de Bernadi to win the Schneider contest and gain the world speed record, is on display in the Museo Storico Aeronautica Militare in Bracciano.
Operators
Regia Aeronautica
Specifications (M.39 racer)
See also
Notes
Bibliography
Angelucci, Enzo. World Encyclopedia of Civil Aircraft. London: Willow Books, 1984. .
Donald, David, ed. The Complete Encyclopedia of World Aircraft. New York: Barnes & Noble Books, 1997. .
Eves, Edward The Schneider Trophy Story. Shrewsbury, UK. Airlife Publishing Ltd., 2001. .
James, Derek Schneider Trophy Aircraft''. London: Putnam, 1981. ISBN 0370303288
External links
Newsreel footage of Macchi M.39 MM.76 and Major Mario de Bernardi after winning the 1926 Schneider Trophy race
Schneider Trophy
Floatplanes
1920s Italian experimental aircraft
Racing aircraft
M.39
Low-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1926
Pegasus Company (also known as P Company or P Coy) is a training and selection organisation of the British Armed Forces based at the Infantry Training Centre, Catterick, North Yorkshire. P Coy run the 'Pre-Parachute Selection' courses for Parachute Regiment recruits and regular and reserve personnel from across the UK armed forces who volunteer to serve in a parachute role within 16 Air Assault Brigade.
Background
Pre-Parachute Selection must be undertaken by all British Army candidates for parachute training who have not already undergone a strenuous form of training, such as UK Special Forces or the Arms Commando Course.
Training at P Coy culminates in a series of eight tests undertaken over a 5-day period (starting on a Wednesday and finishing on a Tuesday, with the weekend off). For recruits directly joining the Parachute Regiment, the tests are attempted at week 21 of training, All-Arms candidates attempt the tests after two and a half weeks of build-up training.
Upon successful completion of the course, candidates participate in the Basic Parachute course which is conducted with assistance from the Parachute Training Support Unit (PTSU) on the base of RAF Brize Norton, Oxfordshire. In 2020 Capt Rosie Wild RHA became the first woman to pass Pre-Parachute Selection.
Eight Tests
All events are scored, except the trainasium event which is a straight pass or fail. The total score required to pass is 45, with 10 points (maximum) being awarded for each test.
10 milers
A march conducted as a squad over undulating terrain. Each candidate carries a bergen (not including water) and a rifle. The march is to be completed in under 1 hour 50 minutes.
Trainasium
A unique assault course set above the ground, designed to test a candidate's ability to overcome fear and follow simple orders at considerable height. This is the only event which is a straight pass or fail; all the other events are scored.
Log Race
A team event, in which eight people carry a log (a telegraph pole) weighing 60 kg over of undulating terrain. Candidates wear a helmet and webbing. This is supposed to be one of the hardest events. Points are awarded for determination, aggression and leadership.
2 Mile March
An individual effort over of undulating terrain, carrying a bergen (not including water), rifle, combat jacket, and helmet. Candidates have 18 minutes to complete the run.
Steeplechase
A timed cross-country run, followed by an assault course. The steeplechase is to be completed wearing a helmet and boots.
Milling
In this event, each candidate is paired with another of 'similar weight and build', and is given 60 seconds to demonstrate 'controlled physical aggression' in a milling contest - similar to boxing, except neither winning, losing, nor skill are pre-requisites of passing. Candidates are instead scored on their determination and aggression, while blocking and dodging result in points deducted. Candidates wear head protection, gum shields and boxing gloves.
20 Mile Endurance March
A squadded march over the Catterick or Otterburn Training Areas. Candidates carry a bergen (not including water) and a rifle. The march must be completed in under 4 hours and 30 minutes.
Stretcher Race
Candidates are divided into teams of 16 people, and have to carry a stretcher over a distance of , each individual candidate wears a helmet, webbing and a slung rifle. No more than four candidates carry the stretcher at any given time, swapping round at regular intervals so that all candidates carry the stretcher for a certain distance.
References
External links
British Army training
Military parachuting training
Parachute Regiment (United Kingdom)
Thomas Schamberg (born December 1946) is a New Hampshire politician.
Education
Schamberg earned a J.D. from Massachusetts School of Law in 2006.
Career
Schamberg is a retired teacher. Schamberg served as mayor of Orwell, Ohio for 14 and a half years. They were elected to the Wilmot (N.H.) Board of Selectmen in March 2015 and is now serving their second term. On November 6, 2018, Schamberg was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives where they represent the Merrimack 4 district. Schamberg assumed office on December 5, 2018. Schamberg is a Democrat.
Personal life
Schamberg resides in Wilmot, New Hampshire. On May 19, 2005, Schamberg's son, Kurt, died at the age of 26 in a roadside bombing while serving the Iraq War.
References
Living people
New Hampshire Democrats
Mayors of places in Ohio
People from Wilmot, New Hampshire
People from Orwell, Ohio
Massachusetts School of Law alumni
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
1946 births
is a railway station in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Minami-Iwakuni Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
Robert William Fogel (; July 1, 1926 – June 11, 2013) was an American economic historian and scientist, and winner (with Douglass North) of the 1993 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. As of their death, they were the Charles R. Walgreen Distinguished Service Professor of American Institutions and director of the Center for Population Economics (CPE) at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business.  They are best known as an advocate of new economic history (cliometrics) – the use of quantitative methods in history.
Life and career
Fogel was born in New York City, the son of Ukrainian Jewish immigrants from Odessa (1922). Their brother, six years their senior, was their main intellectual influence in their youth as they listened to them and their college friends intensely discuss social and economic issues of the Great Depression. They graduated from the Stuyvesant High School in 1944. Upon their graduation they found themselves with a love for literature and history and aspired for a career in science, but due to an extreme pessimism about the economy in the second half of the 1940s, they shifted their interest towards economics. They were educated at Cornell University, where they majored in history with an economics minor, and became president of the campus branch of American Youth for Democracy, a communist organization. After graduation in 1948, they became a professional organizer for the Communist Party. After working eight years as a professional organizer, they rejected communism as unscientific and attended Columbia University, where they studied under George Stigler and obtained an MA in economics in 1960. They received a PhD from Johns Hopkins University in 1963.
They began their research career as an assistant professor at the University of Rochester in 1960. In 1964 they moved to the University of Chicago as an associate professor. From 1968 to 1975 they were also a visiting professor at Rochester in autumn semesters. During this time they completed some of their most important works, including Time on the Cross (in collaboration with Stanley Engerman). They also mentored a large group of students and researchers in economic history, including their colleague Deirdre McCloskey at Chicago. In 1975 they left for Harvard University, and from 1978 on they worked as a research associate under the National Bureau of Economic Research in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In 1981 they returned to the University of Chicago, where they directed the newly created Center for Population Economics at the Booth School of Business.
Fogel researched and wrote on numerous fields in their career, including not only economic history but also demographics, physiology, sociology of the family, nutrition, China's economic development, philosophy of science, and other related fields. They integrated insights from such diverse fields in their attempts to explain important historical phenomena such as the dramatic fall in mortality rates from the 18th to the 20th century. Their former colleague Deirdre McCloskey credits Fogel with "reuniting economics and history". They advised many students who went on to become prominent economic historians, so that many economic historians in the United States trace their academic lineage to him.
Fogel was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1972, the National Academy of Sciences in 1973, and the American Philosophical Society in 2000.
Fogel married Enid Cassandra Morgan, an African-American woman, in 1949 and had two children. The couple faced significant difficulties at the time due to anti-miscegenation laws and prevalent sentiments against interracial marriages.
They died on June 11, 2013, in Oak Lawn, Illinois, of a short illness, aged 86.
Contributions
Cliometrics and Railroads and American Economic Growth
Fogel's first major study involving cliometrics was Railroads and American Economic Growth: Essays in Econometric History (1964). This tract sought to quantify the railroads' contribution to U.S. economic growth in the 19th century. Its argument and method were each rebuttal to a long line of non-numeric historical arguments that had ascribed much to expansionary effect to railroads without rigorous reference to economic data. Fogel argued against these previous historical arguments to show that onset of the railroad was not indispensable to the American economy. Examining the transportation of agricultural goods, Fogel compared the 1890 economy to a hypothetical 1890 economy in which transportation infrastructure was limited to wagons, canals, and natural waterways. Fogel pointed out that the absence of railroads would have substantially increased transportation costs from farms to primary markets, particularly in the Midwest, and changed the geographic location of agricultural production. Despite this consideration, the overall increase in transportation costs, i.e., the "social savings" attributable to railroads, was small – about 2.7% of 1890 GNP. The potential for substitute technologies, such as a more extensive canal system or improved roads, would have further lowered the importance of railroads. The conclusion that railroads were not indispensable to economic development made a controversial name for cliometrics.
Slavery and Time on the Cross
Fogel's most famous and controversial work is Time on the Cross (1974), a two-volume quantitative study of American slavery, co-written with Stanley Engerman. In the book, Fogel and Engerman argued that the system of slavery was profitable for slave owners because they organized plantation production "rationally" to maximize their profits. Due to economies of scale, (the so-called "gang system" of labor on cotton plantations), they argued, Southern slave farms were more productive, per unit of labor, than northern farms. The implications of this, Engerman and Fogel contended, is that slavery in the American South was not quickly going away on its own (as it had in some historical instances such as ancient Rome) because, despite its exploitative nature, slavery was immensely profitable and productive for slave owners. This contradicted the argument of earlier Southern historians.
A portion of Time on the Cross focused on how slave owners treated their slaves. Engerman and Fogel argued that because slave owners approached slave production as a business enterprise, there were some limits on the amount of exploitation and oppression they inflicted on the slaves. According to Engerman and Fogel, slaves in the American South lived better than did many industrial workers in the North. Fogel based this analysis largely on plantation records and claimed that slaves worked less, were better fed and whipped only occasionally – although the authors were careful to state explicitly that slaves were still exploited in ways which were not captured by measures available from records. This portion of Time on the Cross created a firestorm of controversy, although it was not directly related to the central argument of the book – that Southern slave plantations were profitable for the slave owners and would not have disappeared in the absence of the Civil War. Some criticisms mistakenly considered Fogel an apologist for slavery. In fact, Fogel objected to slavery on moral grounds; they thought that on purely economic grounds, slavery was not unprofitable or inefficient as previous historians such as Ulrich B. Phillips had argued.
Without Consent or Contract: The Rise and Fall of American Slavery
In 1989 Fogel published Without Consent or Contract The Rise and Fall of American Slavery as a response to criticism stemming from what some perceived as the cold and calculating conclusions found in their earlier work, Time on the Cross. In it they very clearly spells out a moral indictment of slavery when they reference things such as the high infant mortality rate from overworked pregnant women, and the cruel slave hierarchies established by their masters. They do not write so much on what they had already established in their previous work, and instead focuses on how such an economically efficient system was threatened and ultimately abolished. Using the same measurement techniques they used in their previous work, they analyzed a mountain of evidence pertaining to the lives of slaves, but they focus much more on the social aspects versus economics this time. They both illustrate how incredibly hard and life-threatening the work of a slave was, as well as how they were able to form their own culture as a resistance to slavery. Their main point ultimately comes across, though, as they explain how a small group of very vocal and committed religious reformers led the fight against slavery until it became a political force that captured the attention of the President of the United States. Their book delves deeply into why some of America's most widely respected leaders went from seeing slavery as a highly profitable workforce (which their findings indicate as true) to something that must be abolished on moral grounds.
The Fourth Great Awakening
In 2000 Fogel published The Fourth Great Awakening and the Future of Egalitarianism in which they argued that America has been moving cyclically toward greater equality, largely because of the influence of religion, especially evangelicalism. Building on their work on the demise of slavery, they proposed that since evangelicalism was largely responsible for ending the institution they found to be economically profitable, that religion would continue to fuel America's moral development. Fogel diagrammed four "Great Awakenings", called (by others) "The Fogel Paradigm." "Fogel's paradigm is drawn from what they believe are cycles of ethical challenges America has undergone provoked by technological innovations that create moral crises that, in turn, are resolved by evangelical awakenings."
Later work: The Technophysio Evolution
Fogel was the director of the Center for Population Economics (CPE) at the University of Chicago and the principal investigator of the NIH-funded Early Indicators of Later Work Levels, Disease and Death project, which draws on observations from military pension records of over 35,000 Union Army veterans.
Much of Fogel's late writing incorporated the concept of technophysio evolution, a process that they described as "the synergism between rapid technological change and the improvement in human physiology." By using height as a proxy for health and general well-being, Fogel observed dramatic improvements in health, body size, and mortality over the past 200 years. This phenomenon is examined more fully in The Escape from Hunger and Premature Death, 1700–2100: Europe, America, and the Third World and The Changing Body: Health, Nutrition, and Human Development in the Western World since 1700 (both published by Cambridge University Press).
The work of Fogel was largely influenced by the McKeown thesis. Since 1955, the British public health scientist Thomas McKeown had developed a theory that the growth of population since the 18th century can be attributed to a decline in mortality from infectious diseases, largely to a better standard of living, particularly to better nutrition, but later also to better hygiene, and only marginally and late to medicine. The work of Fogel and collaborators provided the necessary evidence that more and better food was the main drive for the reduction in mortality from infectious diseases. As summarized by Noble laureate Angus Deaton (2013, pp 91–92):
The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences
In 1993, Robert Fogel received, jointly with fellow economic historian Douglass C. North, the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences "for having renewed research in economic history by applying economic theory and quantitative methods in order to explain economic and institutional change". In their Nobel lecture, titled "Economic growth, population theory, and physiology: the bearing of long-term processes on the making of economic policy", they emphasise their work done on the question of nutrition and economic growth.
Writings
The Union Pacific Railroad: A Case in Premature Enterprise, 1960.
Railroads and American Economic Growth: Essays in Econometric History, 1964.
Time on the Cross: The Economics of American Negro Slavery, 2 volumes, 1974. (co-written with Stanley Engerman)
Which Road to the Past?, 1983.
Without Consent or Contract: The Rise and Fall of American Slavery, 2 volumes, 1989, .
Economic Growth, Population Theory and Physiology: The Bearings of Long-Term Processes on the Making of Economic Policy, 1994.
The Slavery Debates, 1952–1990: A Retrospective . Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 2003. 106 pp. .
The Fourth Great Awakening and the Future of Egalitarianism Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2000.
The Escape from Hunger and Premature Death, 1700–2100: Europe, America, and the Third World. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2004. 189pp. .
The Changing Body: Health, Nutrition, and Human Development in the Western World since 1700 (co-written with Roderick Floud, Bernard Harris, and Sok Chul Hong), New York: Cambridge University Press, 2011,
Explaining Long-Term Trends in Health and Longevity, 2012.
Political Arithmetic: Simon Kuznets and the Empirical Tradition in Economics (co-written with Enid M. Fogel, Mark Guglielmo, and Nathaniel Grotte), Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2013,
See also
List of economists
Economics and Human Biology
List of Nobel Laureates affiliated with the University of Rochester
References
External links
Nobel prize autobiography
Review of Fogel's "Escape from Hunger and Premature Death"
Lance Davis review essay on Fogel's Railroads and American Economic Growth
Thomas Weiss review essay on Fogel and Engerman's Time on the Cross
Podcast Interview with co-author Stanley Engerman on Time on the Cross on EconTalk at Econlib
Fogel interviewed by Harry Kreisler of the Institute of International Studies, UC Berkeley, Conversations with History, 2004
Feature article in The University of Chicago magazine
1926 births
2013 deaths
20th-century economists
Academics of the University of Cambridge
American economists
American male writers
American Nobel laureates
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Auxologists
Bancroft Prize winners
Columbia University alumni
Cornell University alumni
Economic historians
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Harvard University faculty
Historians from New York (state)
Historians of the Southern United States
Historians of the United States
Jewish American historians
Jewish American social scientists
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Nobel laureates in Economics
Presidents of the American Economic Association
Stuyvesant High School alumni
University of Chicago faculty
University of Rochester faculty
Writers from New York City
American economic historians
Georges Lacombe (18 June 1868 – 29 June 1916) was a French sculptor and painter.
Early life
Born to a distinguished family of Versailles, they received their artistic training at the Académie Julian from the impressionists Alfred Philippe Roll and Henri Gervex.
The Nabis
At the Académie Julian they met Émile Bernard and Paul Sérusier in 1892, shortly afterwards becoming a member of their artist group, Les Nabis.
Like many other Nabi they spent the summers from 1888 to 1897 in Brittany, some sources record that they met Bernard and Sérusier there. They became Le Nabi sculpteur: the sculptor of the group. In fact many sources refer to them solely as sculptor.
Death
Georges Lacombe died in Alençon, Orne on 29 June 1916, eleven days after their 48th birthday.
References and sources
References
Sources
Frèches-Thory, Claire, & Perucchi-Petry, Ursula, ed.: Die Nabis: Propheten der Moderne, Kunsthaus Zürich & Grand Palais, Paris & Prestel, Munich 1993.
External links
1868 births
1916 deaths
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
Post-impressionist sculptors
20th-century French sculptors
19th-century French sculptors
French male sculptors
Académie Julian alumni
19th-century French male artists
Les Nabis
In electrical engineering, single-phase electric power (abbreviated 1φ) is the distribution of alternating current electric power using a system in which all the voltages of the supply vary in unison. Single-phase distribution is used when loads are mostly lighting and heating, with few large electric motors. A single-phase supply connected to an alternating current electric motor does not produce a rotating magnetic field; single-phase motors need additional circuits for starting (capacitor start motor), and such motors are uncommon above 10 kW in rating.
Because the voltage of a single phase system reaches a peak value twice in each cycle, the instantaneous power is not constant.
Standard frequencies of single-phase power systems are either 50 or 60 Hz. Special single-phase traction power networks may operate at 16.67 Hz or other frequencies to power electric railways.
History
Single phase power transmission took many years to develop. The earliest developments were based on the early alternator inventions of 19th century Parisian scientist Hippolyte Pixii, which were later expanded upon by Lord Kelvin and others in the 1880s. The first full AC power system, based on single phase alternating current, was created by William Stanley with financial support from Westinghouse in 1886. In 1897, experiments began for single phase power transmission.
Applications
In North America, individual residences and small commercial buildings with services up to about 100 kVA (417 amperes at 240 volts) will usually have three-wire single-phase distribution, especially in rural areas where motor loads are small and uncommon. In rural areas where no three-phase supply is available, farmers or households who wish to use three-phase motors may install a phase converter. Larger consumers such as large buildings, shopping centers, factories, office blocks, and multiple-unit apartment blocks will have three-phase service. In densely populated areas of cities, network power distribution is used with many customers and many supply transformers connected to provide hundreds or thousands of kVA, a load concentrated over a few hundred square meters.
High-power systems, say hundreds of kVA or larger, are nearly always three-phase. The largest supply normally available as single-phase varies according to the standards of the electrical utility. In the United Kingdom a single-phase household supply may be rated 100 A or even 125 A, meaning that there is little need for three-phase in a domestic or small commercial environment. Much of the rest of Europe has traditionally had much smaller limits on the size of single phase supplies resulting in even houses being supplied with three-phase (in urban areas with three-phase supply networks).
If heating equipment designed for a 240-volt system is connected to two phases of a 208-volt supply, it will only produce 75% of its rated heating effect. Single-phase motors may have taps to allow their use on either 208-volt or 240-volt supply.
A single-phase load may be powered directly from a three-phase distribution transformer in two ways: by connection between one phase and neutral or by connection between two phases. These two give different voltages from a given supply. For example, on a 120/208 three-phase system, which is common in North America, the phase-to-neutral voltage is 120 volts and the phase-to-phase voltage is 208 volts. This allows single-phase lighting to be connected phase-to-neutral.
Single-phase power may be used for electric railways; the largest single-phase generator in the world, at Neckarwestheim Nuclear Power Plant, supplied a railway system on a dedicated traction power network.
Grounding
Typically a third conductor, called ground (or "safety ground") (U.S.) or protective earth (UK, Europe, IEC), is used as a protection against electric shock, and ordinarily carries significant current only when there is a circuit fault. Several different earthing systems are in use. In some extreme rural areas single-wire earth return distribution is used.
Splitting out
Single-phase is sometimes divided in half at the distribution transformer on the secondary winding to create split-phase electric power for household appliances and lighting.
See also
Single-wire earth return
Two-phase electric power
Three-phase electric power
References
Electric power distribution
Electrical standards
AC power
Masuriya is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 22017 living in 3828 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Valeri Mikhailovich Khlevinsky (; 14 November 1943 – 7 January 2021) was a Soviet and Russian theater and film actor and theater teacher. They were awarded the People's Artist of Russia in 2002. Best known for their role as Anton Savelyev in the epic series Eternal Call. They were born in Nizhny Novgorod in a family of deaf parents, and died, aged 77, in Moscow.
References
External links
1943 births
2021 deaths
People's Artists of Russia
Moscow Art Theatre School alumni
Moscow Art Theatre School faculty
Actors from Nizhny Novgorod
Burials in Troyekurovskoye Cemetery
Soviet male film actors
Russian male film actors
Soviet male stage actors
Russian male stage actors
20th-century Russian male actors
21st-century Russian male actors
Radical 89 or radical double x () meaning "trigrams" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 16 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
This radical does not exist in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+723B
089
Kelechi Chrystantus "KK" Opara (born 21 December 1981) is a Nigerian former footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Colchester United and Leyton Orient. Their younger brother Lloyd was also a professional footballer.
Career
Born in Owerri, Nigeria, Opara came through the youth ranks at Colchester United where they made 19 league appearances for the club between 1998 and 2000. They made their debut for the club in a 2–1 defeat to Blackpool at Bloomfield Road on the final day of the 1998–99 season, coming on as a substitute in the 81st minute for Steve Germain.
Opara was a prolific goalscorer in the United youth and reserve teams, but could not find the same form in the Colchester first-team having been pushed into the first-team early following the success of former starlet Lomana LuaLua prior to their departure to Newcastle United. They were eventually released by the club following an act of misconduct while on their weekly academic day of their scholarship with the club. Their last appearance in the first-team came in a 1–0 defeat by Stoke City at Layer Road on 30 September 2000, coming on as an early substitute for Tony Lock.
Leyton Orient picked up Opara's scholarship, paying Colchester a nominal compensation fee. They helped their team win the Youth Alliance Cup in 2001 at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. They were also loaned out to Dagenham & Redbridge and Billericay Town during their time with the O's, making four appearances and scoring once for the former. They made six appearances for the first-team whilst with the club, before being released in 2002.
Following a trial period with Darlington during pre-season for the 2002–03 season, Opara joined Billericay on a permanent basis. They later played for a number of non-league clubs, including a return to Dagenham & Redbridge, Purfleet, Redbridge, Heybridge Swifts.
While they were signed to Heybridge, Opara was involved in a serious car accident in March 2003 in which five people died. The accident occurred in North London on 15 March in the early hours of a Saturday morning when Opara was driving themselves and four passengers in their Vauxhall Calibra when their car was struck by a speeding Vauxhall Omega. Three of their four passengers (two women aged 18 and a 20-year-old man) were killed in the accident, and both driver and passenger of the Omega were also killed. The incident left Opara in a serious but stable condition in hospital. They recovered from their injuries and resumed their playing career in 2004, appearing for Erith & Belvedere and Harlow Town.
Personal life
Opara has a younger brother, Lloyd, who was also a scholar at Colchester United at the same time. Lloyd played six times for Colchester and also appeared for Cambridge United, Swindon Town and Peterborough United.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Owerri
Nigerian footballers
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Association football forwards
Colchester United F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
Billericay Town F.C. players
Thurrock F.C. players
Redbridge F.C. players
Heybridge Swifts F.C. players
Erith & Belvedere F.C. players
Harlow Town F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Sportspeople from Imo State
Bovlstrup or Boulstrup is a village in Jutland, Denmark. It is located in Odder Municipality of the Central Denmark Region, near the Bay of Aarhus.
History
Early in its history, Borvlstrup contained a warehouse and a customs post.
Bovlstrup Station opened near the village in 1884, as a stop on the Hads-Ning Hundreds' Railroad, connecting Bovlstrup to Hou, Odder and Aarhus. When the Hou-Odder stretch was shut down in 1977, the station in Bovlstrup was shut down as well.
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Villages in Denmark
Lybbe is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Richard Lybbe (1479–1527/28), English politician
Philip Lybbe Powys Lybbe (1818–1897), English rower, barrister, and politician
Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Ravenna Park and Cowen Park comprise a single contiguous recreation and green space in the Ravenna neighborhood of Seattle, Washington in the United States. These public parks encompass the ravine with a maximum depth of through which Ravenna Creek flows.
History
The ravine that is the central feature of Cowen and Ravenna Park was formed when melt-off from the Vashon Glacial Ice Sheet formed Lake Russell and proceeded to cut drainage ravines through new glacial fill. Lake Russell disappeared when the ice sheet retreated north of the Strait of Juan de Fuca, but some features remained, including the Green Lake drainage basin, which continued to empty through the Ravenna ravine into Lake Washington. The deeper pockets of the basin became Bitter Lake, Haller Lake and Green Lake. Many creeks and brooks and springs fed into Green Lake, whose outlet was on the east side of the route of Ravenna Boulevard, in a deepening ravine which became Cowen and Ravenna parks.
Ravenna Creek's original source was from Green, Haller, and Bitter lakes, then the Cowen Park ravine west wall when the watershed was diverted to sewers (1908–1948). The water table is relatively shallow, held by the extensive layer of clays that underlay the metro region. The creek source is actually seeping from the original west wall of the ravine, even though the gulch has been partially filled at the southwest corner of Cowen Park. The inscription on the gateway to Cowen Park states, "In memory of Charles Cowen, who in 1906 gave to the City of Seattle the twelve acres comprising this park." Cowen (actual surname Cohen, changed upon their arrival to America) was an English native who came from a family of South African diamond merchants. Upon their arrival in Seattle in 1900 they purchased 40 acres of logged-off land around the present day park, later platting the Cowen Park Addition. After the nearby University of Washington campus was chosen for the site of the Alaska-Yukon Exposition, the area underwent a rapid urbanization. As well as numerous houses, Cowen built the Ye College Inn, which they strategically located near the exposition's main entrance.
For many decades of Seattle city history, the Ravenna Park ravine had been ignored by loggers and farmers and still possessed full old-growth timber rising nearly . Most of the land was owned by mining and real estate magnate William Wirt Beck who, in addition to preserving the ravine's trees for park land, would give Ravenna its name (after Ravenna, Italy) and would plat one of the first subdivisions in the neighborhood in 1890 around the home they built that still stands East of the park at NE 60th Street and 26th Avenue NE. The trees remained through the Alaska–Yukon–Pacific Exposition of 1909, at which they were featured exhibitions. Public controversy about them declined after their gradual disappearance in suspicious circumstances by 1926. Today, none of that size remain anywhere in the world.
In 1919, after the death of Theodore Roosevelt, the city renamed the park "Roosevelt Park", but Seattleites petitioned to revert to the original name in 1931.
In the mid-1960s, the Cowen Park ravine was largely filled using freeway construction spoils. The City of Seattle planned to use the ravine for staging a comprehensive stormwater drainage piping project in 1986, galvanizing the neighborhoods of the watershed to protect and restore the park. Since 1991, the park has seen major restoration by residents of neighborhoods in collaboration with the City.
Description
Ravenna Park contains and was purchased from developers in 1911. Cowen Park covers . The current source of Ravenna Creek is the west face of the ravine along Brooklyn Avenue NE and a small wetland in the northwest corner, at NE 62nd Street. In 2006, a section of Ravenna Creek through the southeastern end of the park was daylighted, having formerly flowed into a storm drain. The parks are crossed from north to south by the Cowen Park Bridge, on 15th Avenue Northeast on the boundary between the two parks, and the 20th Avenue Northeast Bridge (also known as the Ravenna Park Bridge), closed to motorized traffic since 1975. Both bridges are on the National Register of Historic Places. There is also a rail trail along the southern edge of the park where David Denny's Ravenna streetcar line once ran.
Ravenna Park
Ravenna Park is a wooded ravine which connects two picnic areas just north of the University District. The park is open to hikers, joggers, bikers, and picnickers. The park also features a play area for children, a wading pool, ballfield, trails, and tennis courts.
Flora
The parks are mostly forested with native Bigleaf Maple, Douglas Fir, Grand Fir, Western Hemlock, Western White Pine and Western Redcedar. Nonindigenous trees include Coast Redwood, Incense-cedar, and Western Larch.
There are workparties in the park held by the Seattle Parks Department, particularly in April and May. A volunteer group, Friends of Ravenna Ravine, works to remove invasive species, such as English Ivy and Himalayan Blackberry from the park and restore native vegetation.
References
Footnotes
General references
Cowen-Ravenna Park Trail Map, Seattle Parks and Recreation.
External links
Parks in Seattle
Ravines
Ravenna, Seattle
Jarosławiec may refer to the following places:
Jarosławiec, Poznań County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Jarosławiec, Hrubieszów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Jarosławiec, Zamość County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Jarosławiec, Środa Wielkopolska County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Jarosławiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Joe Fleet (1903 or 1904 – death date unknown) was an American Negro league pitcher .
Fleet honed their baseball skills at Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary in the 1920s. They played for the prison's African American team, known as the "Booker T's", a team that produced three other future Negro leaguers: Roy Tyler, Albert Street, and David Wingfield. Fleet was paroled to the Chicago American Giants in 1930, and pitched in one game for manager Jim Brown, and may have also played briefly for the Memphis Red Sox that season.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Chicago American Giants players
Baseball pitchers
Vélez () is a town and municipality of the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia.
References
Municipalities of Santander Department
The Diocese of Matelica (Latin: Dioecesis Mathelicensis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Matelica in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region of Marche.
History
Camillo Acquacotta conjectures that it was around 578 that the first epoch of the diocese of Matelica came to an end, as a result of the massive destruction of the Lombard invasions.
On 8 July 1785, the diocese of Matelica was revived by Pope Pius VI, its territory was separated from that of the diocese of Fabriano, and it was united aeque principaliter with the Diocese of Fabriano to form the Diocese of Fabriano e Matelica, two dioceses joined by the fact of having one bishop. The Collegiate Church of S. Maria e S. Bartolomeo was erected into a cathedral church, and made immediately subject to the Holy See (Papacy). Its Chapter was appointed to be the cathedral Chapter, consisting of an Archpriest and thirteen Canons, two of whom would fill the offices of Theologus and Penitentiary. The rights of the bishop and diocese of Camerino over the city and territory of Matelica were extinguished. The bishop of Fabriano e Matelica would be expected to live part of the year in Fabriano and part in Matelica.
In a decree of the Second Vatican Council, it was recommended that dioceses be reorganized to take into account modern developments. As part of the project begun on orders from Pope John XXIII, and continued under their successors, to reduce the number of dioceses in Italy and to rationalize their borders in terms of modern population changes and shortages of clergy, the diocese of Matelica was united to the diocese of Fabriano. The change was approved by Pope John Paul II in an audience of 27 September 1986, and by a decree of the Sacred Congregation of Bishops of the Papal Curia on 30 September 1986. Its name was to be Dioecesis Fabrianensis-Mathelicensis. The seat of the diocese was to be in Fabriano. The former cathedral in Matelica was to have the honorary title of co-cathedral, and its chapter was to be the Capitulum Concathedralis. There was to be only one episcopal curia, one seminary, one ecclesiastical tribunal; and all the clergy were to be incardinated in the diocese of Fabriano-Matelica.
Bishops of Matelica
Equitius (attested 487)
Basilius (attested 499)
Florentius (attested 551)
Bishops of Matelica e Fabriano
Nicola Pietro Andrea Zoppetti, O.E.S.A. (1785–1796)
Giovanni Francesco Capelletti (1800–1806)
Domenico Buttaoni (1806–1822)
Pietro Balducci, C.M. (1822–1837)
Francesco Faldi (1837–1858)
Antonio Maria Valenziani (1858–1876)
Leopoldo Angelo Santanchè, O.F.M. Ref. (1876-1883)
Macario Sorini (1883-1893)
Aristide Golfieri (1895-1895)
Luciano Gentilucci (1895-1909)
Pietro Zanolini (1910-1913)
Andrea Cassulo (1914–1921)
Luigi Ermini (1921–1945)
Lucio Crescenzi (1945–1960)
Macario Tinti (1960-1978 Retired)
Luigi Scuppa (1978-1986)
The diocese of Matelica was suppressed on 30 September 1986.
See also
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fabriano-Matelica
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Bibliography
Reference works for bishops
p. 704.
Studies
Lanzoni, Francesco (1927). Le diocesi d'Italia dalle origini al principio del secolo VII (an. 604). Faenza: F. Lega, p. 489.
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
St. Brendan Catholic Church is a Catholic church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles, located in the Windsor Square section of Los Angeles, California. The current Gothic Revival-style church was built in 1927 and has also served as a location for various Hollywood productions.
Early history
St. Brendan was formed as a new parish in 1914 under the leadership of Father William Forde. The parish was initially dubbed the "baby" parish, and in 1915 Father Forde told the Los Angeles Times: "The growth of the 'baby' parish of the diocese has been remarkable. New families are moving in every day. The whole community is alive and developing rapidly. The congregation is enthusiastic and hopeful of great things in the future."
New church built in 1927
The parish opened a parochial grammar school in 1915 on Western Avenue, which still operates at that location. In 1927, the parish built the large brownstone Gothic church that has been used by the parish for more than 90 years. At the time of the new church's dedication in January 1928, the Los Angeles Times noted that the "beautiful" new church had cost $400,000, and reported: "The new building is in the Old English Gothic style and is considered one of the handsomest structures of its kind in California." Designed by architect Emmett Martin, the church has been called "one of the archdiocese's architectural gems."
Consecration
In 1957, Archbishop Timothy Manning honored St. Brendan by consecrating it in a three-hour service. Consecration raises a church to the highest order, which may never be transferred for common or profane use. St. Brendan was one of only six churches in Los Angeles to reach that level. As part of the consecration ceremony, a relic of the 6th century St. Brendan was taken in a procession through the church and then sealed into the altar.
Location in Films, Television Shows, and Music Videos
Located near the Hollywood studios, St. Brendan's gothic structure has proved a popular setting, appearing in the following productions.
The St. Brendan Church Boys Choir (also known as the Bob Mitchell Boys Choir) 1936- 2000 was featured on radio and in over 100 films.
In the Gang short Pups Is Pups (1930), Wheezer is reunited with their lost puppies outside the doors of St. Brendan.
In War of the Worlds (1953), the climactic scene in which desperate humans gather to pray for a miracle inside St. Brendan while Martian ships blast away outside.
Armageddon (1998). In an apparent nod to War of the Worlds, the lead characters played by Liv Tyler and Ben Affleck are married at St. Brendan at the end of the movie.
In November Rain by Guns N Roses (1991) the wedding scenes between Stephanie Seymour and Axl Rose.
In Fight Club (1999) the narrator attends a support meeting for cancer victims at the church.
Spider-Man 3 (2007)
Stand Up Guys (2012), Val goes to confession at the church.
St. Brendan also appears in the following television shows (TV movie and series episodes):
The Fugitive (series 1963 - 1967), epilog scene in episode "Angels Travel on Lonely Roads" part 2
Congratulations, It's a Boy! (1971 TV Movie)
Castle (series 2009-2016) “Always” (2012) and “Hunt” (2013)
Mod Squad (series 1968-1973) “Keep The Faith Baby” (1969)
The Fugitive (series 1963-1967) “Angels Travel On Lonely Roads” parts 1 and 2 (1964)
Falcon Crest (series 1981-1990) “For Better, For Worst” (1984) and “Love's Triumph” (1984)
Beverly Hills 90210 (series 1990-2000) “Class of Beverly Hills” (1990)
CSI Miami (series 2002-2012) “From The Grave” (2005)
Monk (series 2002-2009) “Mr. Monk Is The Best Man” (2009)
Murder They Wrote (series 1984-1996) “Murder Through The Looking Glass” (1988)
Desperate Housewives (series 2004-2012) “There's Something About A War” (2006)
Columbo (series 1971-2003) “Undercover” (1994)
See also
Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region
Notes
External links
St. Brendan's official web site
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1927
Roman Catholic churches in California
Education in Los Angeles
Private elementary schools in California
Catholic elementary schools in California
Roman Catholic churches in Los Angeles
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Lucien Sève (; 9 December 1926 – 23 March 2020) was a French philosopher, communist and political activist. They were an active member of the French Communist Party from 1950 to 2010. Their 1969 work Marxisme et théorie de la personnalité (Marxism and theory of personality) has been translated into 25 different languages. Sève died on 23 March 2020 of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)
Family, career and death
Sève was born in 1926 in Chambéry. Their parents ran a publishing house for children's books. They studied at the Lycée de Chambéry, and the Lycée du Parc. Sève entered the École normale supérieure in 1945, where they earned agrégation of philosophy in 1949. They became a philosophy teacher at a lycée in Brussels, although they were later removed from the post due to their Marxist beliefs. Sève performed military service in Algeria, from 1952 to 1953. After their military service, they worked at the in Marseille.
In 1952, Sève married Françoise Guille in Gap, Hautes-Alpes, and they had two children. Guille died in 2011. Sève died on 23 March 2020 of COVID-19 at the age of 93.
Political life
Sève was an avid Politzerian. They supported the views of fellow French Marxist philosophers Louis Althusser and Roger Garaudy, arguing that the PCF should follow some humanist aspects of the Marxist philosophy. However, Sève also focused on a scientific, rather than a purely humanist or non-humanist, basis for Marxism, something that was different from most Western European Marxist ideas of the time. Most Western Communist parties, including the French Communist Party, were moving towards social democracy. They also focused upon the relationship between Marxism and psychology. They supported a Communist regime where the Communist Party was the dominant force, and as such their views have been compared to Joseph Stalin's USSR. Nevertheless, after the death of Stalin, Sève supported the De-Stalinization of the USSR. In the 1980s, Sève supported the creation of the medical ethics committee Comité consultatif national d'éthique (CCNE). They were a member of the CCNE committee from 1983 to 2000. They were a supporter of embryo testing, but only from excess IVF embryos. They saw embryos as "the potential of a human being", so considered using them solely for testing as unethical. Sève also had very strong opinions on how a Marxist biography should be written. Their works included very specific, albeit almost unachievable, criteria that they believed should be adhered to for all Marxist biographies. They were a founding member of the project, which aimed to translate and republish all of Marx's and Friedrich Engels' works. In 2019, on the 30th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, Sève gave an interview in which they said that Communism is relevant today, and that Karl Marx was centuries ahead of their time.
In 1950, Sève joined the French Communist Party (PCF). They were elected as a member of the Central Committee in 1961, and remained a member of it until 1994. From 1970 to 1982, they ran the PCF publishing house. They were appointed to this role because members of the PCF considered them one of the best intellectuals in the party. In 1970, they attended a panel discussion organised by Catherine Clément, which also included Serge Leclaire and André Green. During the 1980s, Sève began to distance themselves from the PCF after disagreements with the political leaders. In 1984, they proposed a refounding of the PCF, arguing that the party had lost its way. Sève resigned from the party in 2010, citing a lack of public support for the party at the 2007 French presidential election and 2010 French regional elections, as well as a distaste for the youth wing of the party.
Works
In 1969, they authored the work Marxisme et théorie de la personnalité (Marxism and theory of personality). The work has been translated into 25 different languages. Their 1978 work Man in Marxist theory and the psychology of personality focused on how personality was a "product of social relations". This strongly opposed Hans Eysenck's view that personality was a mixture of genetics and learned behaviours. In 1990, they authored Communisme : quel second souffle? (Communism: what is a second wind?), and from 2004 to 2019, they worked on four volumes of Penser avec Marx aujourd'hui (Thinking with Marx today.) The works aimed to highlight Sève's perceived problems with various interpretations of Marxism, including Stalinism, ideological mistreatment by Luc Ferry, and theories from Louis Althusser and Gilles Deleuze that Sève believed incompatible with Marxism. The first of the four volumes was entitled Marx et nous (Marx and us), and the second volume, published in 2008, was entitled L'homme? (The Person). In 2008, they were awarded a prize by the Union rationaliste.
List
Sève, L. (1954), La Science (The science), Les Éditions scolaires
Sève, L. (1969), Marxisme et théorie de la personalité (Marxism and theory of personality), Éditions sociales.
Sève, L. (1974), Textes sur la méthode de la science économique (Texts on the method of economics), Éditions sociales
Sève, L. (1975), Marxism and the theory of human personality, Lawrence & Wishart
Sève, L., & Clément, C. (1977). Pour une critique marxiste de la théorie psychanalytique (For a Marxist critique of psychoanalytic theory), Éditions sociales
Sève, L. (1978), Man in Marxist theory and the psychology of personality, Hassocks: Harvester Press
Sève, L. (1980), Une introduction à la philosophie marxiste: Suivie d'un vocabulaire philosophique (An introduction to Marxist philosophy: Followed by a philosophical vocabulary), Éditions sociales
Sève, L. (1984), Structuralisme et dialectique (Structuralism and dialectics), Messidor/Editions sociales
Sève, L. (1994), Pour une critique de la raison bioéthique (For a critique of bioethical reason), Odile Jacob
Sève, L. (1998), Sciences et dialectiques de la nature (Natural sciences and dialectics), La Dispute
Sève, L. (1999), Commencer par les fins: La nouvelle question communiste (Start with the Ends: The New Communist Question), La Dispute
Sève, L. (2001), Sciences de l'homme et de la société: La responsabilité des scientifiques (Human and social sciences: The responsibility of scientists), L'Harmattan
Sève, L. (2004), Marx et nous (Marx and us), La Dispute
Sève, L. (2005), Émergence, complexité et dialectique: Sur les systèmes dynamiques non linéaires (Emergence, complexity and dialectics: On nonlinear dynamical systems), Odile Jacob
Sève, L. (2006), Qu'est-ce que la personne humaine? (What is the human person?), La Dispute
Sève, L. (2008), L'homme? (The Person), La Dispute
Sève, L. (2008), Dialectics of emergence. In: Ollman, B. & Smith, T. (Eds.) (2008), Dialectics for the new century, Palgrave Macmillan https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1057/9780230583818_6
Source:
References
External links
BNF
1926 births
2020 deaths
Writers from Chambéry
20th-century French philosophers
21st-century French philosophers
Marxist theorists
French Communist Party members
École Normale Supérieure alumni
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in France
French military personnel of the Algerian War
Walter v Lane [1900] AC 539, was a judgement of the House of Lords on the question of Authorship under the Copyright Act 1842. It has come to be recognised as a seminal case on the notion of originality in copyright law and has been upheld as an early example of the sweat of the brow doctrine.
Facts
Reporters from The Times newspaper took down shorthand notes of a series of speeches given by the Earl of Rosebery, a prominent politician, and later transcribed them, adding punctuation, corrections and revisions to reproduce verbatim the speeches. These were then published in The Times, under the proprietorship of Arthur Fraser Walter.
The respondent in the case, John Lane, published a book called Appreciations and Addresses, Delivered by Lord Rosebery including these speeches, taken substantially from the reports of those speeches in The Times. The question for the court was whether the reporters of the speech could be considered "authors" under the terms of the Copyright Act.
Reasoning
The House of Lords, by a 4-1 majority, reversed the decision of the Court of Appeal. The court held that the reporters were authors under the Copyright Act 1842. The effort, skill and time that spent was sufficient to make them original.
For Lord Brampton, it was crucial that the "preparation [of the reports] involved considerable intellectual skill and brain labour beyond the mere mechanical operation of writing".
Lord Robertson, dissenting, compared the reporters to phonographs and found that there was no authorship even though there was much skill required.
Significance
Although the Copyright Act 1842 did not contain a notion of "originality" (the word original did not appear until the enactment of the Copyright Act 1911), the decision in Walter v Lane would later be treated as authority for the notion of "originality" within English copyright law.
See also
Reynolds v Times Newspapers Ltd: court case involving The Times
References
House of Lords cases
1900 in case law
United Kingdom copyright case law
1900 in British law
The Times
"Mister Fire Eyes" is a song written by Ned Miller and Bonnie Guitar. It was released as a single by Bonnie Guitar in July 1957. The single became their second major hit as a music artist, peaking at #15 on the Billboard Magazine Hot Country Singles chart and #71 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Mister Fire Eyes" was not initially released on a formal record album.
Chart performance
References
1957 singles
Bonnie Guitar songs
1957 songs
Dot Records singles
Songs written by Ned Miller
Luis Castro Lois (born 6 April 2002) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Polvorín FC as a left back.
Club career
Born in Ribadumia, Pontevedra, Galicia, Castro represented ED Arousa SD and Pontevedra CF before joining CD Lugo's youth setup in 2019. On 30 December 2020, before even having appeared for the reserves, they made their first team debut by starting in a 2–1 away win against CA Pulpileño, for the season's Copa del Rey.
Castro made their professional debut on 7 January 2021, coming on as a second-half substitute for Gerard Valentín in a 1–2 away loss against Girona FC, also for the national cup. They made their Segunda División debut on 1 April, replacing Hugo Rama late into a 1–6 away loss against UD Las Palmas.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
People from O Salnés
Sportspeople from the Province of Pontevedra
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Galicia (Spain)
Association football defenders
Segunda División players
Tercera Federación players
CD Lugo players
Polvorín FC players
The Belle Shore Apartment Hotel is a building of the Bryn Mawr Historic District in the far-north community area of Edgewater in Chicago, Illinois. Located on West Bryn Mawr Avenue, it is across the road from the Bryn Mawr Apartment Hotel. It was declared a historic Chicago Landmark by the Chicago City Council.
External links
Chicago Landmark
Historic Images of Hotel
Edgewater Historical Society
Chicago Landmarks
Hotel buildings completed in 1929
Buildings and structures in Chicago
Apartment buildings in Chicago
Art Deco architecture in Illinois
Type 53 may refer to:
Bugatti Type 53, motor vehicle produced by the auto-maker Bugatti
Bristol Type 53, an experimental British military aircraft first flown in 1922
Cadillac Type 53, motor vehicle produced by the auto-maker Cadillac
Type 53 torpedo, a Russian torpedo
Type 53 carbine, a Chinese version of the Mosin–Nagant
Type 53 machine gun, a Chinese version of the Degtyaryov machine gun
Type 53 heavy machine gun, a Chinese version of the SG-43 Goryunov
Type 53 82mm mortar, a Chinese version of the 82-BM-37
Type 53 120mm mortar, a Chinese version of the 120-PM-43 mortar
Tarasque Type 53 T2, a 20 mm anti-aircraft gun adopted by the French Army
Music Bank (; RR: Myujikbaengkeu) is a South Korean music program which airs every Friday at 17:00 KST on KBS2. As of 2015, the show is also broadcast in more than a hundred countries through KBS World. Episodes are filmed at the KBS New Wing Open Hall in Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu. The show also organizes the global live concert Music Bank World Tour.
History
Prior to Music Bank, Top 10 Songs (가요톱10) debuted in 1981 airing live at 6:30 (KST) on Fridays and aired until 1998. For the first few months of 1998, Bravo New Generation took its place, but due to low ratings, it was quickly replaced by Music Bank on June 18, 1998. The chart format that was used since Top 10 Songs was abandoned in late 2001 due to controversy and was changed into a request format.
In 2005, the show was moved to Sunday afternoons at 12:45 (KST) and became a recorded broadcast. Due to sinking ratings, in September 2007, the show returned to its original time slot of Fridays evenings at 6:30 (KST) and returned to a live format. The charts were revived as category-based charts.
In January 2008, the category-based charts were combined into the K-Chart which is the familiar countdown chart and the only program to do so. In June 2008, the show extended to 70 minutes, airing from 6:30 (KST) to 7:40 (KST) making it the longest music program on air. In November 2008, as part of the Autumn format changes, the show began airing from 6:40 (KST) to 8:00 (KST) for 80 minutes. In May 2010, as part of the Spring format changes, the show began airing from 5:50 (KST) to 7:10 (KST) for 80 minutes.
On August 27, 2010, Music Bank began airing live to 54 countries around the world through KBS World, and included new interactive features for international viewers through Twitter.
On November 11, 2011, as part of the autumn format changes, the show began airing for 105 minutes from 6:10 (KST) to 7:55 (KST), following KBS News 6.
In August 2012, Asian American cable network Myx TV began airing the first English dubbed version of Music Bank.
Since October 25, 2013, the show began airing for 80 minutes from 6:30 (KST) to 7:50 (KST), following KBS Global 24, which was transferred from KBS1 with effect from October 21, 2013.
Since October 2021, it is hosted by Enhypen's Park Sung-hoon and IVE's Jang Won-young. Past hosts include Song Hye-kyo, Rain, Ji Sung, Song Joong-ki, Park Seo-joon, Yoon Bora, Irene, Park Bo-gum, Choi Bo-min, Shin Ye-eun, Choi Soobin, and Arin among others.
K-Chart
K-Chart is the countdown charts of Music Bank. The charts are calculated by combining the Digital Music Charts (60%), Album Sales (5%), Number of times broadcast on KBS (20%), Viewers Choice Charts (10%), and social media charts (5%). This charts tracking from Monday to Sunday, and the Top 50 songs of the week are featured on the show, where the Top 50–21 songs are shown via marquee and the Top 20–3 songs are featured by the hosts. The hosts showcase the Top Two songs in beginning of show and announce who will be the winner of the week. The Number 1 song on the chart is the winner of that week's chart and receives an award.
During the last week of June, the most popular song of the first half of the year is awarded the Music Bank First Half 1st Place award. During the last week of December, the Music Bank 1st Place award (or Music Bank MVP in 2008) is awarded to the most popular song of the entire year.
Prior to the combined K-Charts, category-based charts were used. From September to December 2007, every week a different category (Digital Music Charts, Karaoke Charts, Viewers Choice Charts, Album Sales Charts) was featured. Technically, each category would only be featured once a month. It was similar to K-Chart except the results each week could only be based on a specific chart, and not all the charts combined. From January 2008 to April 2009, two charts were used. Every week, the Digital Music Charts and Album Sales Charts were used, and at the end of the month were the combined charts (Album Sales Charts (20%) + Digital Music Charts (50%) + Viewers Choice Charts (30%)). In May 2009, this was abandoned for the combined charts featured every week. Note that the Music Bank ranking system is different from other previous and current televised K-Pop music shows, in that an artist can win an unlimited number of times for the same song (other shows generally remove it from the charts after three wins, for Music Core it's after five wins or two months since release). While other music chart shows have a full score of 10,000 or 11,000, Music Bank's full score is 200,000, meaning Digital Music Charts category have 120,000 score as full score, 40,000 for Broadcast, 20,000 for Viewers' Choice 10,000 for Album Sales, and finally 10,000 from Social Media. The new criteria for Music Bank took effect in the February 25, 2022 episode, where the Digital Music Chart percentage decreased from 65% to 60%, the Album Sales are will now be acquired from Gaon instead of the previous Hanteo chart, the KBS Broadcast Plays now added its digital channel in the aggregation scoring alongside its TV and radio channels, and the Social Media Charts will be sourced from the YouTube and TikTok data gathered from the Gaon charts.
Winners
Hosts
Achievements by artists
Most No. 1 winners
Longest consecutive No. 1 songs
Songs with most awards:
Top 10 highest scores (current system) February 25, 2022 – present
Scoring system: digital music charts (60%), number of times broadcast on KBS (20%), viewers choice charts (10%), album sales (5%) and social media charts (5%)
Top 10 highest scores (all time) March 2013 – present
Tours
Music Bank World Tour
Similar programs
SBS Inkigayo
MBC Show! Music Core
Mnet M Countdown
Arirang TV Pops in Seoul
Arirang TV Simply K-Pop (formerly called The M-Wave and Wave K)
JTBC Music on Top
MBC M Show Champion
SBS M The Show
See also
KBS Song Festival
Music programs of South Korea
References
General
Specific
External links
Music Bank at KBS World
Korean Broadcasting System original programming
1990s South Korean television series
2000s South Korean television series
2010s South Korean television series
South Korean music chart television shows
Korean-language television shows
1998 South Korean television series debuts
Abu'l-Walid Ma'n ibn Za'ida al-Shaybani () (died 769/70) was an 8th-century Arab general of the Shayban tribe, who served both the Umayyads and the Abbasids.
Under the Umayyads
Ma'n was a member of the nobility of the Shayban tribe, settled in the Jazira, and the first member of their family to rise to prominence. They entered the service of the Umayyad Caliphate, and under the patronage of the powerful governor of Iraq, Umar ibn Hubayra, was sent to command against Abdallah ibn Mu'awiya in Fars in 746/7.
During the Abbasid Revolution, they returned to Iraq and fought against the Abbasids at the Siege of Wasit, again under Ibn Hubayra's command; indeed, they were one of those who claimed to have killed the Abbasid commander Qahtaba ibn Shabib al-Ta'i. They were spared the execution of the leaders of the Wasit garrison after their surrender, having been sent to Kufa to submit to Caliph al-Saffah on Ibn Hubayra's behalf.
Under the Abbasids
After this they remained in hiding until 758/9, when they came out of retirement to fight the Rawandiyya rebels. They were so successful in this that the Caliph al-Mansur gave them a full pardon and a place at court. Ma'n was appointed to the governorship of Yemen in 759/60, where they "pacified the country brutally but successfully". In 768 they were recalled from Yemen and sent to govern Sistan. There they managed to defeat the local Kharijite rebels, but was killed by some of their number who disguised themselves as workmen to enter their residence at Bust (769/70).
Ma'n acquired a lasting reputation "as a fierce warrior, but also for their extreme generosity and as a patron of poets, notably Marwan ibn Abi Hafsa, who wrote a famous elegy on Ma'n". At least two of their four sons rose to prominence: Za'ida succeeded them in Yemen, while Sharahil participated in Harun al-Rashid's invasion of the Byzantine Empire in 806. It was their nephews Yazid and Ahmad, however, who succeeded Ma'n in their position, both within the Shayban tribe and at court. Both assumed important provincial governorships and military commands, while Yazid's descendants in particular came to dominate the region of Shirvan, where they later formed a separate dynasty (the shirvanshahs).
References
Sources
769 deaths
8th-century Arabs
Banu Shayban
Abbasid governors of Yemen
Generals of the Umayyad Caliphate
Arab generals
Governors of Sistan
Year of birth unknown
One Thousand and One Nights characters
Bagh is a census town in Dhar district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is known for the Bagh Caves, which are late 4th- to 6th-century Buddhist rock-cut chambers with murals. The name of the town stems from the caves - according to local legend there were living tigers (bagh in several languages of India) in these abandoned Buddhist caves.
History
In 1982, a hoard of 27 inscriptions issued by the Maharajas of Valkha was discovered at Risawala near Bagh. The inscriptions were issued from a place known as Valkha, which has led to suggestions that the name "Bagh" is derived from "Valkha". The inscriptions are dated to the years 38-134 of an unspecified calendar era. Historians D. C. Sircar and R. C. Majumdar theorized that the Maharajas of Valkha were subordinates to the Guptas, and the calendar era used in their inscription is the Gupta era starting from 319 CE. Thus, the Maharajas of Valkha can be dated to 4th and 5th centuries CE.
The next known ruler of the region is Maharaja Subandhu of Mahishmati. Their Bagh Caves inscription is dated 167 (486 CE, assuming Gupta era). Art historian Walter M. Spink has identified Subandhu as the prince Vishruta mentioned in Dashakumaracharita. According to their theory, Subandhu or Vishruta was a Gupta prince, who established the dynasty that later came to be known as Kalachuri.
Transport Connectivity
By Train
Nearest Railway stations are Dahod 100 km., Indore 150 km., Meghnagar 104 km., Ratlam 150 km, Khandwa 220 km.
By Road
Bagh is well connected to Indore by road and Daily Bus Services.
By airport
The nearest airport is Indore.
Bagh Printing
The Khatris are a community whose inward beings dance the Sufi way. They came under the influence of a Sufi man and it stuck a long lasting chord. Originally Ajrakh printers they ventured into places to sell their fabrics and their enterprising ways kept them upfloat. From Larkana in Sind (today's Pakistan) to Pali, to the Marwadi Thar, to Manawar in Madhya Pradesh, their journey came to a stop and they settled down in Bagh in 1962, as they saw their grandfather and uncles returning to their ancestral land (Karachi, Pakistan) during Partition
Bagh is located at . It has an average elevation of 240 metres (787 feet).
Demographics
India census, Bagh had a population of 7415. Males constitute 51% of the population and females 49%. Bagh has an average literacy rate of 63%, higher than the national average of 59.5%; with 57% of the males and 43% of females literate. 16% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Notable people from Bagh
Abdul Kadar Khatri (1961 - 2019) Master Craftsman
Mohammed Yusuf Khatri, printer
References
Bibliography
Cities and towns in Dhar district
Buddhist caves in India
The Bradford House in San Rafael, California, also known as Bradford Manor or as Bradford/Sharp House, was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It was deemed "an exceptional example of Stick/Eastlake style." It is a two-and-a-half-story mansion built largely of redwood, and is about in plan. It is asymmetrical on all floors, with a veranda, some porches, and a steep and complex roof.
It was built for William Bushnell Bradford and their wife Pauline Bradford, and is located in a cul de sac at 333 G Street, in the park-like Forbes Addition area about northwest of downtown San Rafael.
Descendants sold the home in 1916 and it was later divided into seven apartments.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Marin County, California
Stick-Eastlake architecture in California
Houses completed in 1883
Eduardo Torroja Caballé (February 1, 1847 – June 1, 1918) was a Spanish mathematician born in the city of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.
Biography
Their father was Juan Torroja, a Professor of Geography and History. They continued their studies at Complutense University, where they obtained the degrees of Bachelor of Science (1864), Masters of Science (1866), Architect (1869) and Doctor of Science (1873) in Mathematics.
Very early in their studies they became a disciple of Karl Georg Christian von Staudt, whose ideas of synthetic geometry they embraced and promoted among their fellow mathematicians for the rest of their life. The strong presence of geometry in Spain's mathematical curriculum, even to this day, can be traced back to Torroja's influence. In 1869, Torroja became a research fellow at the Astronomical Observatory in Madrid, where they contributed to the geodesic triangulation of Spain, initiated by the General Carlos Ibáñez. While working at that Research Institute, they became Assistant Professor at the Faculty of Sciences.
In 1873 they became a full professor of Algebra, Geometry, Trigonometry and Analytic Geometry at the University of Valencia. In 1876 they obtained the professorship in Descriptive Geometry at Complutense University, where they remained until their retirement due to terminal illness in 1916.
During their tenure they promoted research in synthetic geometry, influencing a generation of Spanish mathematicians, including Miguel Vegas, Cecilio Jiménez Rueda, José Álvarez Ude, Antonio Torroja, and Julio Rey Pastor. Their books became highly regarded textbooks, expanding the scope of their influence and that of their inspiration, Karl von Staudt.
At that time Complutense University was the only University in the Spanish Empire entitled to grant Doctor degrees, so that most Spanish mathematicians can trace their academic genealogy to Dr. Torroja Caballé.
In the year 1900, Torroja and their disciple Miguel Vegas, prepared the Curriculum for the studies of Sciences, which had an overwhelming focus on Descriptive and Analytic Geometry.
In the year 1891, Torroja was elected member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences, where they were formally inducted in the year 1893 after offering their speech "Reseña de los medios empleados por la geometría pura actual para alcanzar el grado de generalidad y de simplificación que la distingue de la antigua". This speech argued that the work of Karl Georg Christian von Staudt is the unifying contribution to Geometry. In 1911 they became a founding member of the Spanish Mathematical Society, where they were vice president, with Echegaray and García de Galdeano.
Works
1888: Programa de las Lecciones de Geometría descriptiva
1899: Tratado de la Geometría de Posición
1904: Teoría Geométrica de las Líneas Alabeadas
References
1847 births
1918 deaths
19th-century Spanish mathematicians
Geometers
Tom Geredine (born June 17, 1950) is a former American football wide receiver. They played for the Atlanta Falcons from 1973 to 1974 and for the Los Angeles Rams in 1976.
References
1950 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Truman Bulldogs football players
Atlanta Falcons players
Los Angeles Rams players
The mottled berryhunter or mottled whistler (Rhagologus leucostigma) is a species of bird whose relationships are unclear but is most likely related to the woodswallows, boatbills and butcherbirds. It is monotypic within the genus Rhagologus and family Rhagologidae.
It is found in the highlands of New Guinea, where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
mottled berryhunter
Birds of New Guinea
mottled berryhunter
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Adam Bradley may refer to:
Adam Bradley (politician) (born 1961), former New York State Assemblyman and former mayor of White Plains
Adam Bradley (literary critic) (born 1974), American literary critic, professor and writer
Bill Henderson (William McCranor Henderson) (born 1943, Charlotte, N.C.) is an American author whose writing has explored the mutual influences of popular culture and literature, and the dark side of celebrity. Boston Magazine noted that their work displays "a real feel for the sad, ridiculous squalor in America, the tacky bars and beauty shops and motel swimming pools, the even cheaper dreams of the people who hang out at them. What Henderson does best, though, is transformed the seedy into musical prose." Henderson, according to The Philadelphia Inquirer, "has raided the pop-cult pantheon and managed the estimable feat of breathing new life into the theme of adulation and emulation in a fame-happy era."  They are best known for their novels Stark Raving Elvis and I Killed Hemingway.
Writing
Stark Raving Elvis, (E.P. Dutton, 1984), was cited by the St. Louis Dispatch as being "the first instance…of a serious rock novel."The Village Voice characterized it as "profoundly concerned with contemporary American culture and its myths." The New York Times called it "funny and revealing," and The Philadelphia Inquirer wrote, "[Henderson's] writing is nothing if not sure-handed––lean, taut, oddly graceful... There is dark fun to be had in Stark Raving Elvis. This is a nifty, aptly titled read." The Boston Herald followed: "Henderson has drawn a rich, comic, crazy picture of pop insanity." And the Houston Chronicle: "Henderson's work is a moral tale."<ref>Review, Tracy Santa, The Houston Chronicle," 1993</ref> The New York Times named the paperback reissue of Stark Raving Elvis to its April 30, 1987 "New and Noteworthy" List.I Killed Hemingway (Thomas Dunne/St. Martin's, 1993) was published nine years later, again to positive critical response. "Henderson's novel is as intricate as a Swiss watch. Fortunately, it runs efficiently—with a strong narrative drive, firm delineation of character, and desperate knowledge of how difficult it is for the central character to make sense of their life, to make peace with their shortcomings, and to define themselves authentically." Robert Grudin, in The New York Times Book Review, found that Henderson's thematic probing highlighted the very real complexities of literary celebrity, and concluded the work was "complex, amusing and palpably symbolic.". Carl Hiaasen, in The Washington Post, called it "funny, enthralling, and uncommonly clever." The San Francisco Chronicle called it a "raucous tale of literary fear and loathing." Publishers Weekly observed that "Henderson's dementedly comic, ribald foray into fiction and fact may alter forever the way we perceive the delicate art of biography." The Los Angeles Reader noted it was "a genuine rarity: a work of serious fiction that can entertain," and added, "this masterful novel is strongly recommended." I Killed Hemingway was a 1993 New York Times Notable Book of the Year.I Elvis, Confessions of a Counterfeit King (1997), provided a perfect opportunity for Henderson to playfully take on the celebrity mantle himself: it is a nonfiction account of how, when challenged by John Talbot, their editor at Putnam-Berkely, Henderson struggled to teach themselves the craft of the Elvis impersonator. They then hit the performance trail to amass first-hand experience for what became, in Kirkus Reviews' words, "a rollicking piece of gonzo journalism." Kirkus also hinted at the author's thematic contribution to American fiction: "Henderson's great achievement is to convey, in elegantly droll prose, what it's like to imagine being a great performer…in the face of real-world evidence to the contrary."
Life
Henderson grew up in Chapel Hill. N.C. By chance, as a teenager, they encountered what they have cited as their major early influence, John Dos Passos' The Big Money, from the U.S.A. Trilogy. "Dos Passos saw a brassy, hustling, unkempt American in the '20s, and somehow they got it all—the promise and the curse of it—on the page."Profile: William McCranor Henderson, Contemporary Authors, Gale, 2002 They attended Oberlin College, where they majored in Philosophy, and achieved some success as a college poet. Accepted to the Iowa Writers' Workshop in poetry, they switched their course to fiction, studying with novelists Nelson Algren and Kurt Vonnegut.Profile: William McCranor Henderson, Contemporary Authors, Gale, 2002 However, they left the program after a year to pursue a new interest, documentary filmmaking.
Throughout the 60s and 70's Henderson lived in New York, Los Angeles, and Boston, and had a variety of work experiences as a filmmaker, radio producer, and rock musician. Their first novel, Stark Raving Elvis, published in 1983, was loosely based on some of their early experiences as a musician.Profile, Linda Brinson, Winston-Salem Journal, June 6, 1993
In 1989, they returned to Chapel Hill, N.C., where they live now, with their wife, Carol Henderson, in the house where they grew up. From 1990 through 2002, Henderson served on the Creative Writing faculties of two universities, UNC-Chapel Hill and North Carolina State University, teaching fiction writing to undergraduate and graduate level writers. They have two daughters, Olivia and Colette, now grown, and two grandchildren, Lucien and Julianne.
Bibliography
Stark Raving Elvis (1984)
I Killed Hemingway (1993)
I, Elvis: Confessions of a Counterfeit King'' (1997)
References
External links
Henderson's website, "The Fiction Writing Coach"
Henderson's professional blog
Henderson's personal blog
Carol Henderson's website
1943 births
Living people
Oberlin College alumni
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
People from Chapel Hill, North Carolina
20th-century American male writers
Sir Francis Henry Renouf (31 July 191813 September 1998) was a New Zealand stockbroker and financier.
Early life
Born in Wellington on 31 July 1918, Renouf was the son of Mary Ellen Renouf (née Avery) and Francis Charles Renouf. They were educated at Wellington College and Victoria University of Wellington where they graduated from Master of Commerce in 1940.
During World War II, Renouf served as a captain in the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force, but captured in Greece in April 1941, and spent four years as a prisoner of war in Germany (Biberach, Warburg, Eichstatt). On their return to New Zealand, they were awarded an Armed Services Scholarship and studied for a Diploma in Politics and Economics at Worcester College, Oxford, from 1947 to 1949.
Renouf played tennis for New Zealand Universities between 1938 and 1940, and Oxford University, gaining an Oxford Blue in tennis in 1948 and 1949.
Business career
Renouf was a business person and a stockbroker from 1950 as a partner in the Wellington stockbroking firm of Daysh, Renouf & Co (the firm was originally Daysh, Longuet and Frethey). They introduced unit trusts to New Zealand, and founded New Zealand's first merchant bank, the New Zealand United Corporation. They initiated the first NZ share index in 1957; the NZUC index and the first listed property company, Property Securities Ltd. They were the first to provide underwriting services for equity and local authority debt issues. Daysh, Renouf & Co became known as Renouf & Co in 1977. Renouf set up three companies in 1981; Frank Renouf & Co, Renouf Corporation Ltd and Renouf Properties Ltd.
Other activities
Renouf was president of the New Zealand Lawn Tennis Association (1985–86). They were a supporter and follower of tennis and was a foundation member and president of the International Club of New Zealand. The Renouf Tennis Centre in Wellington is named after him. Renouf supported many Wellington cultural and sporting projects; the Michael Fowler Centre (1975), Downstage Theatre (1977), Wellington Cathedral (1978), the Renouf Sports Centre at Wellington College (1983) and the Renouf Tennis Centre (1986).
In the 1987 New Year Honours, Renouf was appointed a Knight Bachelor, for philanthropic services.
Marriages
Renouf was married three times. In 1954, they married Ann Narie Harkin, and the couple had four children before divorcing in 1985. They wed their second wife, Susan Renouf (born Susan Rossiter; also known as Susan Peacock and Susan Sangster), in 1985 and they divorced four years later. Their third wife (1991) was Michèle Suzanne Mainwaring, to whom they were briefly married.
Death
Sir Francis Renouf died in Wellington, New Zealand in 1998, aged 80.
References
Sources
Obituary in Dominion (Wellington) of 14 September 1998 (pages 1,11).
Sir Francis Renouf: an autobiography (1997, Steele Roberts, Wellington)
Behind the Mirror Glass by Bruce Jesson (1987, Penguin)
External links
Renouf Tennis Centre website
Renouf Tennis Centre
1918 births
1998 deaths
People educated at Wellington College (New Zealand)
New Zealand Knights Bachelor
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
New Zealand prisoners of war in World War II
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
20th-century New Zealand businesspeople
New Zealand stockbrokers
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
New Zealand male tennis players
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Alumni of Worcester College, Oxford
New Zealand sports executives and administrators
Juan Guillermo Brunetta (born August 25, 1975 in Laboulaye, Córdoba) is an Argentine professional racing cyclist.  They are most famous for their unusual size for a cyclist.  They are and . Like most cyclists out of Córdoba, they started off as a track rider but has made the transition to the road and does not race as much on the track these days. They have been one of the best time trialists for the last 6 years in Argentina, but they have raced most of their road career in Uruguay with the Villa Teresa team with much success, especially in the time trials. They competed in the men's team pursuit at the 2000 Summer Olympics. Since 2007 they have been racing in Argentina again.
Career highlights
2000
1st, Stage 5, Vuelta a la Argentina
2001
National Championships, Road Race
2nd Pan American Championships, Track, Individual Pursuit, Medellín, Colombia
2002
National Championships, Individual Time Trial
2nd, Overall, Vuelta a San Juan
1st, Stage 8B, Vuelta Ciclista de Chile
1st, Stage 6A, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
2003
National Championships, Track, Individual Pursuit
National Championships, Invidivual Time Trial
in Pan American Games, Track, Team Pursuit, Santo Domingo (DOM)
2004
National Championships, Individual Time Trial
National Championships, Track, Individual Pursuit
1st, Stage 4, Vuelta de San Juan
1st, Overall, Giro del Sol
1st, Stage 2
2005
3rd Pan American Championships, Individual Time trial in Mar del Plata, Argentina
National Championship, Individual Time trial
National Championship, Track, Madison with Jorge Ruschansky
National Championship, Track, Individual Pursuit
2006
1st, Stage 1 & 9, Rutas de America
3rd, Overall, Vuelta Ciclista del Uruguay
1st, Stage 8
2007
National Championship, Individual Time trial
2nd National Championship, Track, Individual Pursuit
National Championship, Track, Team Pursuit with the Cordoba Track Team
National Championship, Track, Madison with Sebastian Cancio
1st, Stage 8B, Rutas de America
2008
1st, Stage 8, Vuelta a San Juan
2nd, Stage 3, Tour de San Luis
2nd, Overall, Clásica del Oeste-Doble Bragado
1st, Stage 6A
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Argentine track cyclists
Cyclists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Cyclists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Córdoba Province, Argentina
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Pan American Games silver medalists for Argentina
Olympic cyclists of Argentina
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Meirionnydd Nant Conwy was a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
The Meirionnydd Nant Conwy Welsh Assembly constituency was created with the same boundaries in 1999.
History
The constituency was created in 1983, largely replacing the ancient constituency of Merioneth, and was abolished in 2010. For the entire period of its existence, it was represented by Plaid Cymru, and was generally regarded as a safe seat. It had the lowest population of any constituency in England or Wales, and also had the second highest proportion of Welsh-speaking voters.
Boundaries
Meirionnydd Nant Conwy consisted of Merionethshire and part of the Conwy valley. This was a mainly rural area containing small towns and villages such as Dolgellau, Blaenau Ffestiniog, Bala, Betws-y-Coed, and Llanrwst.
Boundary review
Following its review of parliamentary representation in Wales, the Boundary Commission for Wales abolished this constituency. It was replaced mostly by Dwyfor Meirionnydd and in part by Aberconwy. These new constituencies were first fought at the 2010 general election.
Members of Parliament
From 1983 to 1992 the constituency was represented by Dafydd Elis Thomas of Plaid Cymru, who now represents Dwyfor Meirionnydd in the National Assembly for Wales and is its former Presiding Officer. The constituency was represented at its abolition by Elfyn Llwyd, also of Plaid Cymru.
Elections
Elections in the 1980s
Elections in the 1990s
Elections in the 2000s
See also
List of parliamentary constituencies in Clwyd
List of parliamentary constituencies in Gwynedd
Notes and references
Historic parliamentary constituencies in North Wales
Merionethshire
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom established in 1983
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom disestablished in 2010
Morning Heroes is a choral symphony by the English composer Arthur Bliss. The work received its first performance at the Norwich Festival on 22 October 1930, with Basil Maine as the speaker/orator. Written in the aftermath of World War I, in which Bliss had performed military service, Bliss inscribed the dedication as follows:
"To the Memory of my brother Francis Kennard Bliss and all other Comrades killed in battle"
The work sets various poems:
Homer, The Iliad, passages from Book VI (translation of W Leaf) and Book XIX (translation of Chapman)
Walt Whitman, "Drum Taps"
Wilfred Owen, "Spring Offensive"
Li Tai Po
Robert Nichols, "Dawn on the Somme"
The extracts are spoken by a narrator and sung by a large choir. Juxtaposing the harsh images of trench warfare with the epic heroes of Ancient Greece, the parallels Bliss draws are essentially romantic, and the work as a whole has been criticised as being rather complacent. Bliss themselves said that they suffered from a repeating nightmare about their war experiences and that the composition of Morning Heroes helped to exorcise this.
Movements
The work falls into five sections, in the structure of a palindrome, with the first movement acting as a prologue, then fast, slow, and fast movements, and the final movement acting as an epilogue. The work includes the respective texts.:
I: "Hector's Farewell to Andromache"
II: "The City Arming"
III: "Vigil" - "The Bivouac's Flame"
IV: "Achilles goes to battle" - "The Heroes"
V: "Now, Trumpeter, For Thy Close" - "Spring Offensive" - "Dawn on the Somme"
Recordings
Chandos: Samuel West, narrator; BBC Symphony; BBC Symphony Chorus; Sir Andrew Davis, conductor.
EMI Classics: John Westbrook, speaker; Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra and Choir; Sir Charles Groves, conductor
BBC Radio Classics: Richard Baker, speaker; BBC Symphony Chorus; BBC Symphony Orchestra; Sir Charles Groves, conductor
Cala: Brian Blessed, speaker; East London Chorus, Harlow Chorus, East Hertfordshire Chorus; London Philharmonic Orchestra; Michael Kibblewhite, conductor
References
Compositions by Arthur Bliss
Choral symphonies
Compositions with a narrator
1930 compositions
Olesin may refer to the following places:
Olesin, Krasnystaw County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Olesin, Puławy County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Olesin, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Olesin, Konin County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Olesin, Szamotuły County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Olesin, Turek County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Leonard Hutchinson (died 1554) was a Fellow and Master of University College, Oxford, England.
Hutchinson was for a time a Fellow of Balliol College, Oxford. They were first recorded as being a Fellow of University College in 1514–15. Subsequently, they were Master of the College from 1518–1546, a long period (28 years), especially for the time.
Hutchinson was also the rector at Bladon (1534–41) and the vicar of Yarnton (1535 – c.1540), both north of Oxford.
In 1518, the Master's Lodgings were still in the tower above the main entrance of the College. In 1531, they moved to larger accommodation at Little University Hall in the High Street, next to the College. They appointed a number of members of their family to be fellows of the College.
The first commoner undergraduates started at University College during Hutchinson's time as Master. Thus University College moved from being largely a postgraduate institution without formal teaching to also being a graduate teaching institution, as most Oxford colleges are today.
Hutchinson lived on until 1554, eight years after they ceased being Master of University College. It was unusual for the time to take such a retirement.
References
Year of birth unknown
1554 deaths
16th-century English educators
16th-century scholars
Fellows of Balliol College, Oxford
Fellows of University College, Oxford
Masters of University College, Oxford
Nadine Ijewere (born c. 1992) is a London-born photographer of Nigerian-Jamaican parentage. They work in the fields of fashion and portraiture, and is known for celebrating the diversity of their models, many of whom do not conform to the standard fashion industry stereotypes.
Education
Ijewere initially studied science and maths at A-level, using photography as a creative break from what they thought of as those more 'serious' subjects. Falling in love with photography, they decided to enroll to study it at the London College of Fashion, and it was during their time there that they started to become more concerned about some of the unsettling undertones in fashion imagery, particularly the stereotypes used in the portrayal of non-Western cultures. During their final year they started casting mixed-race models who fell outside the industry norm - something that has become central to their work.
Career
After graduating, Ijewere shunned the conventional career path of starting as a photographer's assistant, as they felt it important to have the freedom to shoot in ways that would protect their own vision. Instead, they worked for an interior design company, maintaining their photographic passion by spending almost every spare moment and weekend photographing their mixed-raced friends. By posting their early work on social media, they gradually built up their reputation, leading to professional commissions.
Ijewere has worked with a large number of companies with fashion interests, including Dazed, i-D, Stella McCartney, Nike and Gap. In 2017 their work featured at Unseen and Lagos Photo Festival. More recently they have worked for Dior, Hermes, Nina Ricci and Valentino.
At age 26, Ijewere became the first woman of colour to shoot a cover for Vogue, anywhere in the world. Them January 2019 cover for the UK edition featured images of Dua Lipa, Binx Walton, and Letitia Wright on the Kentish coast. Asked for their thoughts on the Vogue commission, they said, "I feel like in doing this I'm proving to younger girls from a similar background that it's achievable. It also feels like part of a broader shift within our culture to include far more diversity, both behind the camera and in front of it. As a girl, I never identified with anyone in the pages of magazines. Now, we're sending a message that everyone is welcome in fashion."
Ijewere does most of their model casting personally, often choosing models who do not conform to conventional industry standards. They note, "I especially like to photograph those from ethnicities that are under-represented. London is such a diverse place and I feel that needs to be reflected within the fashion world." They have stated that their work is "all about the celebration of diversity without creating a representation – particularly for women, as we are the ones who are more exposed to beauty ideals and to not being comfortable in who we are".
Ijewere's first book is a monograph titled Our Own Selves (2021).
References
Fashion photographers
British portrait photographers
Photographers from London
1990s births
Living people
British women photographers
English people of Nigerian descent
English people of Jamaican descent
Senator Murphy or Murphey may refer to:
Members of the Northern Irish Senate
Edward Sullivan Murphy (1880–1945), Northern Irish Senator in 1929
Members of the United States Senate
Chris Murphy (born 1973), U.S. Senator from Connecticut since 2013
Edward Murphy Jr. (1836–1911), U.S. Senator from New York from 1893 to 1899
George Murphy (1902–1992), U.S. Senator from California from 1965 to 1971
Maurice J. Murphy Jr. (1927–2002), U.S. Senator from New Hampshire from 1961 to 1962
Richard L. Murphy (1875–1936), U.S. Senator from Iowa from 1933 to 1936
United States state senate members
Archibald Murphey (1777–1832), North Carolina State Senate
Arthur Murphy (Idaho politician) (1898–1977), Idaho State Senate
Austin Murphy (born 1927), Pennsylvania State Senate
Charles Murphey (1799–1861), Georgia State Senate
Charles Frederick Murphy (1875–1934), New York State Senate
Dennis Murphy (Wisconsin politician) (fl. 1840s–1850s), Wisconsin State Senate
George A. Murphy (1923–2015), New York State Senate
Henry C. Murphy (1810–1882), New York State Senate
James A. Murphy (1889–1939), Michigan State Senate
James W. Murphy (politician) (1852–1913), Wisconsin State Senate
Jeremiah Henry Murphy (1835–1893), Iowa State Senate
John McLeod Murphy (1827–1871), New York State Senate
John R. Murphy (1856–1932), Massachusetts State Senate
Joseph L. Murphy (1907–1973), Massachusetts State Senate
Laura Murphy (fl. 2010s), Illinois State Senate
Matt Murphy (Illinois politician) (born 1970), Illinois State Senate
Michael C. Murphy (New York politician) (1839–1903), New York State Senate
Peter P. Murphy (1801–1880), New York State Senate
Raymond M. Murphy (born 1927), Michigan State Senate
Rick Murphy (fl. 2000s–2010s), Arizona State Senate
Roger P. Murphy (1923–2009), Wisconsin State Senate
Seba Murphy (1788–1856), Michigan State Senate
Steve Murphy (politician) (born 1957), Minnesota State Senate
Terrence Murphy (New York politician) (born 1966), New York State Senate
Terry Murphy (American politician), Montana State Senate
Tim Murphy (American politician) (born 1952), Pennsylvania State Senate
Wendell H. Murphy (fl. 1960s–2000s), North Carolina State Senate
See also
Murphy
John Edwin Scruby (1916 – September 1988) was a manufacturer of military miniatures whose efforts led to a rebirth of the miniature wargaming hobby in the late 1950s.
Scruby and wargaming
To meet the needs of wargamers for inexpensive but historically accurate miniatures, Scruby began casting figures made of type metal in 1955 and selling them from their shop in central California. Scruby made innovative use of RTV rubber molds. In 1958 Scruby began selling figures of their own design which they sold for 15 cents apiece as late as 1962. In 1963 they began using the 50/50 tin/lead alloy that would remain the industry standard into the 1990s.
In 1956, they organized the first US (and perhaps first anywhere) miniatures convention in California, and in 1957, they launched War Game Digest, the first publication devoted to military miniatures gaming (initially with 50 subscribers). Published quarterly, War Game Digest became the publication around which the early miniatures hobby coalesced. In 1962, Scruby began to publish Table Top Talk, intended as a promotional publication for their lines of miniatures and sets of miniatures rules, and ceased publishing War Game Digest in 1963.
Jack Scruby was also a founder of a miniature wargaming club in 1971 along with Robert (Bob) Casey, Stephen (Steve) R. Casey, Elliot M. Derman, Michael (Mike)W. Frank, Raymond (Ray) James Jackson, Wayne Ludvickson, David Rusk, Ronald (Ron) Vaughan, and Harold (Hal) Windell. This Club was very informal and had no name until the meeting on October 7, 1972, when on a motion by Ray Jackson, their proposal to call the Club the San Joaquin Valley War Gaming Association (SJVWGA), was unanimously accepted. The Club then became a formal organization with dues and officers, but no written BY-Laws. The SJVWGA on the same date became a chapter of the now defunct Spartan International. The San Joaquin Valley War Gaming Association still exists to this day as a subdivision of the War Gaming Society (WGS).
From the late 1950s until October 1973, Jack Scruby's miniatures business was in Tulare County, specifically in or near Visalia. Then they moved to Cambria in San Luis Obispo County (the California coast near Hearst Castle) where they opened a retail shop, called like their mail-order business, The Soldier Factory. It was there that Charles Kuralt and their CBS On The Road crew came in August 1977 to film a segment for the CBS Evening News.
In 1975 Scruby introduced a line of fantasy figures using the 30mm scale advocated by Gary Gygax in Chainmail and appropriate for use with Dungeons & Dragons.
In addition to miniature figures, Scruby sold gaming newsletters and rulebooks alongside campaign maps of Mafrica, a fictional continent used as a campaign setting for miniature wargaming that they invented for use in 19th-century African Colonial period campaigns. A map of Mafrica was designed and marketed by Scruby. Publication of the map has been continued by HistoriFigs/Table Top Talk Press.
Literature
Periodicals
War Game Digest (1957-1963, 1971)
Table Top Talk (1962-1967)
Miniatures Parade (1967-?)
The Soldier Factory News (1973-1974)
Rulebooks
All About Wargames (1957)
The Strategic-Tactical War Game (1961)
Fire and Charge (1964)
References
External links
Los Angeles Times article on their life and death
Miniature wargames
1916 births
1988 deaths
Toy soldier manufacturing companies
Lukas Vejdemo (born 25 January 1996) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward currently an unrestricted free agent. They most recently played for Laval Rocket in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were selected by the Canadiens in the third round, 87th overall, of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Vejdemo made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Djurgårdens IF during the 2014–15 SHL season. Following the campaign, the Montreal Canadiens selected Vejdemo in the third round (87th overall) during the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
In the 2017–18 season, Vejdemo established career-highs of 10 goals and 22 assists in 47 games. On 2 May 2018, the Canadiens signed them to a two-year, entry-level contract. Vejdemo spent the 2018-19 season with the Canadiens' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Laval Rocket. In 66 games, they recorded 13 goals and 16 assists for 29 points.
On 31 December 2019, Vejdemo made their NHL debut in a 3-1 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes. On 10 March 2020, they scored their first career NHL goal in a 4-2 loss to the Nashville Predators. Vejdemo finished the season with seven appearances for the Canadiens, as well as 47 for the Rocket.
On 4 September 2020, the Canadiens re-signed Vejdemo to a one-year, two-way contract extension. Two days later, the team loaned them to Södertälje SK of HockeyAllsvenskan, with the expectation they would return to North America to attend the Canadiens' and Rocket's training camps for the 2020–21 season.
Career statistics
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Laval Rocket players
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
Montreal Canadiens players
Södertälje SK players
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Swedish ice hockey centres
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shotaro Ishinomori. It was adapted into a 23-episode anime television series which was produced by Gakken and Fuji Television, co-produced by Nihon Ad Systems, and animated by Studio Pierrot, broadcasting on Fuji TV from April 9 to September 28, 1984. The series revolves around an alien duck named Chikkun and their advisor Takkun, trying to stop an alien mad scientist from invading Earth.
Characters
The young prince of Star R, who has gone to Earth in an attempt to recover the Waruchin. In the manga, they go to Earth just to explore the planet.  They are in the Star R equivalent of elementary school, and is very curious and childish sometimes. While they are set to marry Princess Leah when they grow up, they have a crush on Miko. Voice: Masako Sugaya
Chikkun's royal advisor, a robotic hat that can pull any item out of himself, like Doraemon.  They are very sharp-eyed and a wise scientist, trying to tutor Chikkun, and Chikkun holds high regards for him. Voice: Kaneta Kimotsuki
A thirteen-year-old girl who first met Chikkun, and in the anime, is the leader of the Kyunkyuns.  They are friendly and very popular in their class, but they aren't afraid of getting serious or tough when in danger. In the manga, they are younger, and has brown hair in a bob and a headband, but in the anime they have orange hair in curls and a foxtail headband. Voice: Miina Tominaga
Chikkun's royal bodyguard on Star R.  They are an enormous, strong robot who can transform into a rocket. Despite their size and strength, they are easygoing and meek with a soft voice. Voice: Naoki Tatsuta
The ambitious, self-proclaimed "Last Great Villain of Star R", who stole the Waruchin with the intent to control planet Earth. Dr. Bell has a bell hanging from the back of their hood, which rings whenever they move and is their namesake. They have a short temper, usually getting irritated or emotional very easily.  They are in love with the Kyunkyuns, particularly with Miko. In the anime, they sometimes end their sentences with "beru" (bell). Voice: Shigeru Chiba
Dr. Bell's faithful assistant, a robotic spider with great mechanical skill.  They are usually quite airheaded and dense, but has a lot of faith in Dr. Bell. On Star R, they have a wife and five children. In the manga, they are painted black, but is red in the anime and says "giji" at the end of their sentences. Voice: Kenichi Ogata
Miko's parents, both of whom are both kindhearted and let Chikkun stay with them. Akira is an architect, shy but protective of their family, and Futsuko is beautiful and runs the household. Voice: Rokurō Naya and Fumi Hirano
Miko's four friends who help Chikkun, all of whom appear in the anime only.
: The oldest of the group, Maki is very athletic and tomboyish, even referring to themselves with "ore" in Japanese. They usually provide stability for the group. Voice: Chika Sakamoto
: A mechanic in training, and the group's science enthusiast. They can be awkward and easily gets crushes on boys. Voice: Naoko Matsui
: A very relaxed, airheaded girl. They wear blue eye shadow and usually keeps their sleeves over their hands. Voice: Yuuko Matsutani
: The youngest and most timid member of the group. While they can be very sweet, they are a crybaby, which sometimes gets them into trouble. Voice: Chie Kōjiro
Chikkun's rival, a young millionaire from Star R. Andre is a mockingbird who is always well-dressed and accompanied by an army of crow men. It is implied they visited earth early in the series, disguised as a pretty human boy. Voice: Masako Nozawa
Chikkun's fiancée, from an assigned marriage on Star R. The Waruchin was in their family's collection, and they often send Chikkun messages of encouragement in their struggle to get it back. Usually, they act very dainty and refined, but has a short temper. Them name is an intentional play on Princess Leia. Voice: Matsumi Ōshiro
Chikkun's spaceship, shaped like an upside-down bowl of ramen. It has jet boosters on the bottom that look like eggs. Its name is a combination of "ramen" and "U.F.O."
Dr. Bell's spaceship, which can turn into a submarine and is equipped with the Namazukko Shuttle, a miniature, removable ship. The whole ship is shaped like a bright red catfish. Its name is a combination of "nazuma" (catfish) and "marine."
A digital book which has had all of the evil on Star R confined to it, according to Chikkun's father, the King. The book can be opened like a laptop computer, is password-locked, and is capable of generating anything its operator wants through holograms and scientific formulas. Voice: Junpei Takiguchi
Media
Manga
Briefly titled Chikkun's Grand Adventures, the story revolves around a girl named Miko meeting Chikkun, who crash-landed near their house. Dr. Bell and Giji-Giji crashed on Earth not too far away and set about trying to enslave the planet, but are easily deterred by Chikkun and Takkun. The manga ran in several different magazines from 1982 to 1984, but Ishinomori ended the series as soon as the anime was put in progress.
Anime
Chikkun, Prince of Planet R, goes to Earth with their advisor and bodyguard robot in search of the Waruchin Encyclopedia. The book, when connected to a computer system, is capable of making anything possible. Chikkun lands on earth and falls in love with a girl named Miko, who is the leader of a group of girls called the Kyunkyuns, who befriend them immediately. At the same time, the original thieves of the Waruchin, Dr. Bell and their assistant Giji-Giji, are on Earth and attempting to take over the planet with the Waruchin. Miko, their family, and the Kyunkyuns join together to repeatedly stop Dr. Bell.
Episodes
References
External links
Chikkun Takkun
Chikkun Takkun
1982 manga
1984 anime television series debuts
Fuji TV original programming
Manga series
Pierrot (company)
Shotaro Ishinomori
Animated television series about ducks
Bulletin of Latin American Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on Latin American studies, including Latin America, the Caribbean, inter-American relations, and the Latin American diaspora. It is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
External links
Latin American studies journals
Wiley-Blackwell academic journals
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Iracema Trevisan Carneiro (born 28 September 1982 in Poços de Caldas, Minas Gerais), also known as Ira, is a Brazilian designer. They were the bassist for Brazilian indie-electro band CSS.
They studied fashion design at college and worked as style assistant for designer Alexandre Herchcovitch in São Paulo before joining CSS.
They left the band in April 2008. Now living in Paris, they continue their career as a designer, working with Augmented Reality and textile design. They have founded a brand of scarves, Heart Heart Heart and Sun Creative Studio.
They graduated the IFM fashion design program.
References
1981 births
Living people
Brazilian bass guitarists
Brazilian emigrants to France
Brazilian fashion designers
Women bass guitarists
People from Minas Gerais
CSS (band) members
21st-century women musicians
21st-century bass guitarists
Women fashion designers
Robert McElhenney III (; born April 14, 1977) is an American actor, producer, and, writer.  They are best known for their role as Ronald "Mac" McDonald on the FX/FXX comedy series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005–present), which they created and co-developed and on which they serve as an executive producer, co-writer, and occasional director.  They are also known for their role as Ian Grimm on the Apple TV+ comedy series Mythic Quest (2020–present), which they co-created and on which they serve as a co-writer and executive producer. McElhenney is the co-owner of the Welsh association football club Wrexham A.F.C. alongside Ryan Reynolds.
Early life
Robert McElhenney III was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on April 14, 1977. Both of McElhenney's parents were of Irish descent. They were raised Catholic. Through their father, they are a cousin of Olympic rower Marcus McElhenney. When they were eight years old, their parents divorced after their mother came out as a lesbian. They and their two younger brothers were primarily raised by their father, though their parents remained close after the divorce. Their two brothers are gay, and they describe themselves as having "always been part of the gay community". Through their father's subsequent marriage, they also have a half-sister and step-sister. They attended Saint Joseph's Preparatory School in Philadelphia. They later briefly attended Temple University and then temporarily lived on the Fordham University campus with friends, but chose not to enroll.
Career
McElhenney had their first major acting role with a small part in the 1997 film The Devil's Own, though their role was cut out of the final edit. They followed this with small parts in the films A Civil Action, Wonder Boys, and Thirteen Conversations About One Thing. They later had more substantial parts in the films Latter Days and The Tollbooth, and a guest role in the Law & Order episode "Thrill". When they were 21, a screenplay written by McElhenney was optioned with Paul Schrader attached to direct, but the project fell through after a year of edits and rewrites.
Initially based in New York City after graduation, McElhenney moved to Los Angeles at the age of 25. When they were 27 years old, they were waiting tables between acting jobs and had met Glenn Howerton through their agent, as well as meeting Charlie Day while shooting a horror film in New York City. Their idea for a sitcom starring himself, Howerton, and Day came from a suggestion originally made by one of their closest childhood friends. The pilot was filmed on a budget of $200 and pitched to various cable networks. After receiving offers from many of the networks, McElhenney chose to sign with FX as they allowed them more creative freedom, and the show was eventually titled It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. McElhenney was contracted as its showrunner, while both Howerton and Day were listed as executive producers.
McElhenney has said that 50 weeks per year are taken up by acting, producing, and writing for It's Always Sunny, though they did find time to appear in the Lost episode "Not in Portland". This was a result of them meeting Lost co-creator Damon Lindelof, who is a fan of It's Always Sunny. They later reprised their Lost role in another episode.  They are a fan of Game of Thrones and said that they were thrilled when the series' creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss asked them if they could write an episode of It's Always Sunny. They and their co-producers accepted the offer, resulting in the episode "Flowers for Charlie" in 2013. In 2019, they had a cameo appearance as an extra in the Game of Thrones episode "Winterfell".
In July 2015, McElhenney was confirmed by Mojang as the director of the upcoming animated Minecraft movie, but they later left the project.
In 2017, McElhenney appeared in a guest role as a police officer in the acclaimed Fargo episode "The Law of Non-Contradiction". They received praise for their performance from critics, who saw many of their character's traits and plot points as references to It's Always Sunny.
In 2020, McElhenney co-created the Apple TV+ comedy series Mythic Quest alongside Charlie Day and Megan Ganz. They also star as Ian Grimm on the show and serves as a writer and executive producer. The series has received critical acclaim, with the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes giving the series an 89% approval rating. On June 7, 2022, McElhenney announced the launch of a new entertainment-tech company named Adim, co-founded by himself, Chase Rosenblatt, Melissa Kaspers, Spencer Marell, and Richard Rosenblatt.
Business interests
On September 23, 2020, it was announced by the Wrexham Supporters Trust that a business partnership had been formed by McElhenney and Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds and that they were in talks to purchase the Welsh football team Wrexham AFC. On November 16, it was confirmed that the two had successfully taken over the club after receiving the backing of the Wrexham Supporters Trust.
Influences
McElhenney has named The Marx Brothers, Woody Allen, Carl Reiner, Norman Lear, George Carlin, Gary David Goldberg, Larry David, and David Sedaris as their comedic influences.
Personal life
McElhenney hired actor Kaitlin Olson to play Dee Reynolds on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, and became romantically interested in their "around season 2" of the series. They have called them "the funniest woman in show business". They were married in California on September 27, 2008. They have two sons named Axel Lee McElhenney (born on September 1, 2010) and Leo Grey McElhenney (born April 5, 2012). Olson went into labor with their first son while at a Philadelphia Phillies game.
In 2009, McElhenney and Olson announced their purchase of Skinner's Bar at 226 Market Street in Philadelphia (), which they renamed Mac's Tavern.
Body
In preparation for the seventh season of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, McElhenney put on 60 lb (27 kg) of fat and let their beard grow out to give extra humor to their character and add a new comedic direction for the season. Their co-star Charlie Day described the weight gain as "disgusting" and said that the rest of the cast were "a little on the fence about it for their own personal health and safety". McElhenney subsequently lost 23 lb (10 kg) in a month after the season was finished filming, and lost the rest of the weight later in the year in time to film the next season.
In preparation for the show's 13th season, they transformed their body again, though this time they became excessively fit and athletic. They later joked in an Instagram post that it was "a super realistic lifestyle and an appropriate body image to compare oneself to".
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
American people of Irish descent
American male film actors
American male television actors
American television directors
American soccer chairpeople and investors
Businesspeople from Pennsylvania
Television producers from Pennsylvania
American Roman Catholics
Male actors from Philadelphia
American television writers
American male television writers
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Showrunners
21st-century American businesspeople
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
St. Joseph's Preparatory School alumni
Association football chairpeople and investors
Wrexham A.F.C. non-playing staff
Pedro Fré CSsR (August 30, 1924 – April 3, 2014) was a Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1950, Fré was named bishop of the Diocese of Corumbá, Brazil, in 1985. In 1989, they were appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Barretos and retired in 2000.
Notes
1924 births
2014 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Brazil
Roman Catholic bishops of Barretos
Roman Catholic bishops of Corumbá
Frederick Roy Duncan (April 17, 1886 – May 10, 1947), often known as F. Roy Duncan, was an engineer and architect. Their architectural practice was based in Columbus, Georgia, where they were born in 1886 and where they are buried (in historic Linwood Cemetery).
Education, personal life, and career
They attended Columbus' public schools (segregated), then Alabama Polytechnic Institute in Auburn, Alabama, graduating in 1907 with a Bachelor of Science. They were married in 1908 to Lillian Eason, of Columbus; the couple had no children. Duncan apprenticed at Westinghouse Electric Mfg. Co. in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. In 1910 they began work related to the Panama Canal: assembling and "putting into operation" various electric equipment, then designing switchboards for the Gatun power plant, for power distribution, and for lighting; then designing other electrical, mechanical and structural elements.
In 1913 they began the practice of Architecture in Columbus and maintained such business for a period of thirty-four years until their death. Their professional work lives after them in the form of numerous structures consisting of residential, commercial and institutional as well as large scale housing, all bearing silent, eloquent testimony to their skill as a designer and their talent in the field of structural creation. Dignity and beauty characterize these public buildings, their design combining both utility and distinction, often with original touches that quickly reveal their authorship. They scrupulously adhered to the ethics of their profession and their standing with their brother architects was very high. They designed and built "Duncan Hall" at Spring Haven, their country estate, on the River Road, in 1940-1942, on the site of an original log house they had maintained as a summer home since 1922. They were a member of St. Paul Methodist Church, Georgia Society of Historical Research, Charter member of Kiwanis Club and formerly a member of the Columbus Country Club. Their wife was the President of the Georgia Division of United Daughters of the Confederacy in 1946-1947. Their favorite diversion was fishing and it was on one of their loved fishing trips that their final summons came. In the quiet of a beautiful spot, while returning from Standing Boy Creek, which flows through their estate, they were stricken with a heart attack and their quiet, sweet life came to its close. They were buried in Linwood Cemetery in Columbus.
Personal
They were married in 1908 to Lillian Eason, of Columbus; the couple had no children.
Works
Theirs works include:
933 Peachtree Drive (1923), Muscogee, Georgia, one of five contributing buildings designed by Duncan in NRHP-listed Wynn's Hill-Overlook-Oak Circle Historic District. This has been described as "An excellent example of a Mediterranean Revival-style house" (photograph 10) It "resembles an Italian villa with its stuccoed exterior, grouped windows with arched detailing, recessed entrance with an arch supported by Tuscan columns, and tile hip roof with exposed rafters."
809 Cooper Avenue (1927), Muscogee, Georgia, in NRHP-listed Wynn's Hill-Overlook-Oak Circle Historic District
839 Cooper Avenue (1927), Muscogee, Georgia, in NRHP-listed Wynn's Hill-Overlook-Oak Circle Historic District
842 Cooper Avenue (1927), Muscogee, Georgia, in NRHP-listed Wynn's Hill-Overlook-Oak Circle Historic District
1331 Elmwood Drive (1927), Muscogee, Georgia, in NRHP-listed Wynn's Hill-Overlook-Oak Circle Historic District
1930 additions to the City Stockade
Taylor County Courthouse (1935), in Butler, Georgia. It is a Neoclassical Revival-style building that was designed by Columbus, Georgia architect Frederick Roy Duncan. Classical elements in the design that are more prominent than usual for courthouses built during the Great Depression include its cupola, pedimented portico and entrances, quoins, and keystones.
One or more works in Dinglewood Historic District, Bounded by 13th and 16th Ave., 13th St., and Wynnton Rd. Columbus, Georgia Duncan, F. Roy, et al.
One or more works in Butler Downtown Historic district, Downtown Butler centered on the courthouse square and includes resources on Main St., Broad St. and Ivey ST. Butler, GA Duncan, Frederick Roy
Claflin School, NRHP-listed in 2015 "a rare example of a well-built African-American school constructed before the landmark 1954 U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Brown v. Board of Education"
First African Baptist Church, Columbus, Georgia, addition of auditorium and Sunday School
Work announced in American Architect notice
References
Architects from Georgia (U.S. state)
20th-century American architects
Auburn University alumni
1886 births
1947 deaths
Maryam Azmoon (born 10 November 1973) is a retired Iranian footballer, currently coaching the Iran women's national football team. They previously coached Kuwait.
References
External links
Azmoon at Soccerway
1973 births
Living people
Iranian women's footballers
Iran women's international footballers
Women's national association football team managers
Female association football managers
Iranian football managers
People from Rasht
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
Sportspeople from Gilan province
Nicolas Reissig (born 7 April 1989, in Oberndorf bei Salzburg) is an Austrian tennis player. Reissig has a career high ATP singles ranking of 344, achieved on 15 July 2013. Reissig made their ATP main draw doubles debut at the 2014 MercedesCup partnering Robin Kern, losing in the first round to Mate Pavić and André Sá. Reissig has a total of 7 singles titles and 4 doubles titles on the futures circuit.
External links
1989 births
Living people
Austrian male tennis players
People from Salzburg-Umgebung District
Sportspeople from Salzburg (state)
SMS Comet was an aviso of the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) built in the early 1890s, second and final member of the that include one other vessel, . Intended to screen the main fleet against attacking torpedo boats, Comet was armed with a battery of four guns. Them design suffered from several defects, including excessive vibration and poor handling in heavy seas, both of which could not be corrected. These problems limited the ship's career to several periods of sea trials as the navy attempted to remedy the problems that plagued the ship. They had no success, and Comet was instead decommissioned in mid-1896 and was later converted into a storage hulk for naval mines. They were ultimately broken up in 1921.
Design
With previous avisos built for the German fleet, the designers had attempted to build vessels that could serve as scouts for the main fleet as well as defend it against hostile torpedo boats that threatened the larger ironclad warships. The naval command decided in 1888 that the next class of avisos—the Meteor design—should focus solely on anti-torpedo boat duties. Smaller and faster than the preceding s, the Meteors were also badly unstable and poor sea boats, and they suffered from severe vibration at high speed. These defects could not be remedied, and as a result, they had short careers.
Comet was long overall and had a beam of and a maximum draft of forward. They displaced as designed and up to at full combat load. Them propulsion system consisted of two vertical 3-cylinder triple expansion engines. Steam for the engines was provided by four coal-fired locomotive boilers. The ship's propulsion system was rated for and provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . Comet had a crew of 7 officers and 108 enlisted men.
As built, the ship was armed with four SK L/30 guns placed in single pivot mounts, two side-by-side forward, and two side-by-side aft. The guns were supplied with between 462 and 680 rounds of ammunition. Comet also carried three torpedo tubes, one mounted submerged in the bow and the other two in deck-mounted launchers on the broadside. They were protected with a thick deck, along with of steel armor plating for the conning tower.
Service history
The contract for Comet was awarded to the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin, but their keel laying was delayed until November 1891 so the navy could gather experience from the initial trials of Comets sister ship, . The commander of the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Shipyard) in Kiel, Otto von Diederichs performed the christening at their launching ceremony on 15 November 1892. After completing fitting-out, the navy conducted acceptance trials that concluded on 14 April 1893. The ship then steamed to Kiel, where they were commissioned on 29 April. They conducted further sea trials until 6 July, when they were decommissioned for the year.
Comet was recommissioned briefly in 1894, serving briefly from 5 to 30 June under the command of Korvettenkapitän (corvette captain) Henning von Holtzendorff. The ship remained out of service through 1895, though modifications were made in an attempt to correct some of their defects. They were recommissioned on 22 January for another round of sea trials that lasted until 26 April. These were conducted in the North Sea, under the command of Kapitänleutnant (captain lieutenant) Ludwig Bruch. The ship was transferred to Wilhelmshaven on 2 May, where they were decommissioned again. Relocated to Kiel the following year, they saw no further active service. As with their sister, Comets career was limited by the serious defects in their design.
An order from the naval command reclassified Comet as a light cruiser on 21 February 1899, and in mid-1901, they were transferred to Danzig, along with three other old ships. On 3 May 1904, they were transferred to the list of harbor ships, and they were employed as a harbor defense ship in Danzig beginning at the same time. The ship was struck from the naval register on 24 June 1911 and in June 1914, they were towed to Emden, where they were used as a mine storage hulk to support the light cruiser . Comet was broken up in Hamburg in 1921.
Notes
References
Meteor-class avisos
Cormoran ( or ) is a giant associated with St. Michael's Mount in the folklore of Cornwall. Local tradition credits them with creating the island, in some versions with the aid of their wife Cormelian, and using it as a base to raid cattle from the mainland communities. Cormoran appears in the English fairy tale "Jack the Giant Killer" as the first giant slain by the hero, Jack, and in tales of "Tom the Tinkeard" as a giant too old to present a serious threat.
Origin
One of many giants featured in Cornish folklore, the character derives from local traditions about St. Michael's Mount. The name "Cormoran" is not found in the early traditions; it first appears in the chapbook versions of the "Jack the Giant Killer" story printed in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Nottingham, and is not of Cornish origin. The name may be related to Corineus, the legendary namesake of Cornwall. Corineus is associated with St. Michael's Mount, and is credited with defeating a giant named Gogmagog in Geoffrey of Monmouth's influential pseudohistory Historia Regum Britanniae, which may be a prototype of the Cormoran tradition.
Appearances
Local traditions
The giant eventually known as Cormoran is attributed with constructing St. Michael's Mount, a tidal island off Cornwall's southern coast. According to the folklore, they carried white granite from the mainland at low tide to build the island. In some versions, the giant's wife, Cormelian, assisted by carrying stones in their apron. According to one version, when Cormoran fell asleep from exhaustion, their more industrious wife fetched greenstone from a nearer source, eschewing the less accessible granite. When they were halfway back, Cormoran awoke to discover Cormelian bringing different stones than they wanted, and kicked them The stones fell from their apron and formed Chapel Rock.
From their post at St. Michael's Mount, Cormoran raided the countryside for cattle. They were distinguished by having six digits on each hand and foot. Folklorist Mary Williams reported being told that the skeleton of a man over seven feet tall had been found during an excavation at the Mount.
Cormoran is often associated with the giant of Trencrom in local folklore. The two are said to have thrown boulders back and forth as recreation; this is given as the explanation for the many loose boulders found throughout the area. In one version, the Trencrom giant threw an enormous hammer over for Cormoran, but accidentally hit and killed Cormelian; they buried them at Chapel Rock.
Jack the Giant Killer
The giant of St. Michael's Mount also appears in the English fairy tale "Jack the Giant Killer", early chapbook versions of which are the first to name them Cormoran. According to Joseph Jacobs' account, Cormoran is 5.5 m (18 ft) tall and measures about 2.75 m (9 ft) around the waist. They live in a cave on St Michael's Mount, using the times of ebb tide to walk to the mainland. They regularly raid the countryside, "feast[ing] on poor souls…gentleman, lady, or child, or what on their hand they could lay," and "making nothing of carrying half-a-dozen oxen on their back at a time; and as for…sheep and hogs, they would tie them around their waist like a bunch of tallow-dips."
In Jacobs's version, the councillors of Penzance convene during the winter to solve the issue of Cormoran's raids on the mainland. After offering the giant's treasure as reward for their disposal, a villein farmer's boy named Jack takes it upon themselves to kill Cormoran. Older chapbooks make no reference to the council, and attribute Jack's actions to a love for fantasy, chivalry, and adventure. In both versions, in the late evening Jack swims to the island and digs a 6.75 m (22 ft) trapping pit, although some local legends place the pit to the north in Morvah.
After completing the pit the following morning, Jack blows a horn to awaken the giant. Cormoran storms out, threatening to broil Jack whole, but falls into the hidden pit. After being taunted for some time, Cormoran is killed by a blow from a pickaxe or mattock. After filling in the hole, Jack retrieves the giant's treasure. According to the Morvah tradition, a rock is placed over the grave. Today this rock is called Giant's Grave. Local lore holds that the giant's ghost can sometimes be heard beneath it.
For their service to Penwith, Jack is officially titled "Jack the Giant-Killer" and awarded a belt on which was written:
Here's the right valiant Cornishman,
Who slew the giant Cormoran.
Tom the Tinkeard
The giant of St. Michael's Mount also appears in the drolls about Tom the Tinkeard, a local Cornish variant of "Tom Hickathrift". William Bottrell recorded a tale of the giant's last raid: here, the giant is not killed, but lives to grow old and frail. Becoming hungry, they make one last incursion to steal a bullock from an enchanter on the mainland. However, the enchanter strikes them immobile as the sea rises around him. They must spend the evening in the cold sea with the bull hanging from around their neck; they subsequently retreat to the Mount hungry and defeated. Later, Tom visits the giant and takes pity on him, and arranges for their aunt Nancy of Gulval to sell them their store of eggs and butter. This both feeds the giant and makes Nancy's family rich.
References
Arthurian characters
British folklore
Cornish folklore
English folklore
English giants
Jack the Giant Killer
Alfius is a genus of Chrysomelinae (leaf beetles) endemic to Queensland, Australia.
Species
Three species are included in the genus:
Alfius hieroglyphicus (Lea, 1929)
Alfius pictus (Lea, 1929)
Alfius pictipennis (Lea, 1929)
References
Chrysomelidae genera
Chrysomelinae
Beetles of Australia
See You All In Hell is the sixth extended play by the post-hardcore band Funeral for a Friend. It was released on 7 November 2011 by Distiller Records in the United Kingdom. The first track, "High Castles", was released as a digital single on 13 October 2011. By 15 November 2011, the album had received mixed to positive reception with Kerrang! giving the album a "Good" three out of five rating.
Release and promotion
The band's opinion on the release of the extended play was, “We wanted to release something special as an add-on to Welcome Home Armageddon." The release is considered a "tie in" with the release of Welcome Home Armageddon on vinyl. The EP was announced on 28 September 2011, Funeral for a Friend saying that it would have only one brand-new track while the remainder of the tracks were acoustic renditions, live session recordings and remixes of tracks from Welcome Home Armageddon as well as a coverversion of the hardcore punk band Strife. The release of the EP was accompanied by a UK tour by the band in October 2011 as well as a digital single of "High Castles" on 13 October 2011.
Reception
The EP received positive responses from critics. Kerrang!s writer, Alistair Lawrence, gave the album a three 'K' out of five, indicating a "Good" rating, and praised the combination of acoustic songs, a remix and a cover to prove they were still "brimming with enthusiasm and the seeds of new ideas". Chris Jefferies in an otherwise positive review of the record for Virgin Music criticised Matt Davies' vocals on the final two acoustic songs writing, "There's no question that the frontman still has the range to pull off these songs, but without the full band backing, their vocals sound strained and completely lacking of the warmth that made earlier Funeral For A Friend records so touching."
Track listing
Personnel
Matthew Davies-Kreye – lead vocals
Kris Coombs-Roberts – guitar
Gavin Burrough – guitar, backing vocals
Richard Boucher – bass guitar
Ryan Richards – drums, aggressive vocals
Romesh Dodangoda - producer
References
Funeral for a Friend albums
2011 EPs
Albums produced by Romesh Dodangoda
Sulimów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village is located in the historical region Galicia.
The village has a population of 40.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The SIU Edwardsville Cougars softball team represents Southern Illinois University Edwardsville in NCAA Division I college softball. They compete as members of the Ohio Valley Conference. SIUE plays its home games at Cougar Field, located in the southwest corner of the campus.
History
Sources:
Through 2018, the SIUE softball team had had only two head coaches in its history.
The program was begun by Cindy Jones in 1974–75. In fourteen seasons, Jones' teams were 376–201, with two trips to the Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women Division II National Tournament and two invitations to the NCAA Division II Softball Championship tournament while competing as a Division II independent.
Coach Sandy Montgomery took over the Cougars in 1989, with SIUE continuing as an independent and earning its third invitation to the Division II playoffs before joining the Great Lakes Valley Conference (GLVC) in 1996. In thirteen seasons as members of the GLVC, the Cougars won or shared seven regular season division or conference titles and five conference tournament championships. They earned ten trips to the NCAA Division II playoffs, including two spots in the Division II College World Series, and won the NCAA Division II National Softball Championship in 2007.
In 2008–09, SIUE athletics began the transition into Division I, and the Cougars joined the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) in 2011.
On April 9, 2014, the Cougars defeated the Saint Louis Billikens 4–1 at SLU. The win was Coach Sandy Montgomery's 900th coaching win, making them the 39th coach in NCAA softball history to reach that milestone. Coach Montgomery's record since assuming the reins in 1989 through the end of the 2014 regular season is 914–462–2.
On May 10, 2014, the softball Cougars became the first SIUE team to win an OVC championship in any sport. Rain and thunderstorms shortened the tournament, played at University Field at Jacksonville State, with the losers bracket being cancelled, while the 2nd seeded Cougars and the 4th seeded Murray State Racers were the last two undefeated teams. The Cougars scored early, with four home runs in the first two innings, and defeated the Racers 12–1, with the game halted after 6 innings by the mercy rule. The squad also became the first SIUE team to qualify for an NCAA Division I tournament since the 1982 men's soccer team, when that sport had been the university's only Division I program before the school's transition to Division I for all sports began in 2008.
In late July 2018, Sandy Montgomery suddenly announced their early retirement. Assistant coach Jessica Jones was named as interim head coach for the 2019 season.
Records by year
All–Americans
Through the years, fifteen Cougar softball players were named Division II All–Americans:
1981 – Denise Schaake
1982 – Amy Frey
1984 – Kathy Byrne
1988 – Laura McCune
1991 – Michele Cleeton
2000 – Erin Newman & Katie Waldo
2001 – Valerie McCoy & Erin Newman
2002 – Valerie McCoy
2003 – Jenny Esker & Holly Neuerburg
2006 – Alicia DeShasier & Sabra McCune
2007 – Kaitlin Colosimo
In 2017, Haley Chambers-Book''' became the Cougars' first Division I All-American.
References
External links
Pikule is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Pikule
Ahran Dar (, also Romanized as Ahrān Dar; also known as Ahrāndarreh) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Wolica Druga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Wolica Druga
St. Mary's Alpine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada. According to the Canadian Ministry of the Environment:
St. Mary's Alpine Park is a wilderness paradise for the experienced backcountry traveller. Numerous lakes and tarns are tucked against rugged granite cliffs and surrounded by tundra and lingering snowfields. Seven creeks drain the lakes, resulting in numerous waterfalls and cataracts, some as much as 150 metres in height. Experienced hikers, willing to expend considerable effort in bushwhacking and route finding should visit this protected area where few, if any, people will be encountered.
References
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Parks in the Regional District of East Kootenay
Protected areas established in 1973
1973 establishments in British Columbia
Khujand State University (; ) - was founded in 1932 in Khujand (formerly Leninabad), Tajikistan. First it was known as a High Pedagogical Institute. During the Soviet era, Khujand State University was known as Leninabad State Pedagogical Institute. Leninabad State Pedagogical Institute was renamed to Khujand State University after Tajikistan gained Independence from the USSR. This university is named after Tajik academician Bobojon Gafurov. Alumni include politician Khayrinisso Yusufi.
Today the University has seven educational buildings with a total education area of 42.514.06 m2. There are 337 auditoriums and 36 staff rooms for teachers, 180 specialized auditoriums, 39 computer classes, 6 dormitories; 320 computers think line, 100 notebooks, 17 educational laboratories, a library, and some departments at the faculties, an agro-biological garden/base, where 964 workers are employed, 59 electronic boards , 207 projectors, 3 service computers, General Internal connection of the faculties, 66,000 books of numeral libraries. KSU employs 1697 people: 847 of them professors and teachers, 2 are the members-correspondents of Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan, 47 are doctors of science, and 335 are candidates of science. Today, KSU is the second university in the Republic after the Tajik State National University in regards to the capacity of teaching force and the number of the students. At present the University contains 15 faculties, 70 Chairs, five research centers and Pedagogical College. The number of the students reached over 19,000.
The University has close ties with a number of national and international organization, including SOROS, GIZ, ACCELS, EUROASIA, CARANA CORPORATION, OSCE, ERASMUS MUNDUS, TEMPUS, ERASMUS PLUS, UNESCO, USAID, DAAD, Aga-Khan, etc. KSU intends to be a globally-connected university by developing its bilateral relations with advanced world-wide universities. As well the University cooperates with many International Organizations.
History
Khujand State University was founded in 1932 in Khujand (Leninabad)
Faculties
Khujand State University has 16 faculties:
Mathematics
Geo-Ecology
Philology
Tajik Philology
Physics and Technology
Foreign Languages
Oriental Languages
Part-time studies
Physical Training
Telecommunications and IT
Finance and Market Economy
Pedagogy
Drawing Arts and Technology
The Arts
History and Law
Chemistry and Biology
Gallery
External links
Official website
*
Educational institutions established in 1932
1932 establishments in the Soviet Union
The SKS is a Russian semi-automatic rifle.
SKS may also refer to:
SKS Microfinance, India
SKS wave, a seismic wave
SKS Starogard Gdański, a Polish basketball team
SKS365, an Austrian bookmaker
SK Slavia Prague, a Czech football club
Saks Incorporated, US company, NYSE code
Salten Kraftsamband, a Norwegian power company
Savez komunista Srbije, a Serbian party
Shan King (South) stop, a Light Rail stop in Hong Kong (MTR station code)
Sistem Kenderaan Seremban - Kuala Lumpur, a Malaysian transport company
Someone Knows Something, podcast by David Ridgen
Student Committee of Solidarity, Studencki Komitet Solidarności (SKS), Poland
Student Union in Sundsvall, Studentkåren i Sundsvall, Sweden
Shanghai Korean School, China
Finnish Literature Society or Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura.
Vojens Airport, Denmark (by IATA code)
Temple Emanuel is a Reform synagogue located at 12166 Conway Road, near the corner of New Ballas Road, in Creve Coeur, Missouri. Organized in 1956, it is affiliated with the Union for Reform Judaism (UAHC). It has a membership of 300 families.
The Temple is notable not only for its size, but for its unique modern architecture.
History
A group of parents in the area first had the idea to form a synagogue in the 1940s as a way to further their children's religious education. They founded St. Louis School for Judaism in September 1953 and organized the synagogue in 1956, choosing the name "Temple Emanuel" on December 16, 1956. It was the first Reform congregation founded in St. Louis in 70 years. The congregation initially had 48 families, and services were held at the Bible Presbyterian Church. Construction at the Conway Road site began in September 1961, and the completed building was dedicated in January 1963. The synagogue is affiliated with [the URJ, which was formerly called] the UAHC.
In March 2008, the synagogue and Temple Israel in Creve Coeur (which had approximately 1,000 families) announced a plan to merge, which would have created a congregation of 1,400 families, one of the area's largest Reform Jewish congregations. After two months of discussions among some leaders of the synagogues, the matter became public when the two Boards of Directors were asked for their input. The membership of Temple Emanuel were given presentations on possible merger in April. The school enrollment had declined from 137 students in 2001 to 79 students in 2008. Ultimately, after 2/3 of congregants indicated that they preferred independence in balloting the following month, the congregation decided overwhelmingly to remain independent.
In 2010, Temple Emanuel mounted an exhibition of black and white photographs of Albanian Muslims who rescued 2,000 Jews during the Holocaust. Its rabbi said a goal of the congregation with the exhibit was "to tell people ... these are examples of Muslim-Jewish respect, tolerance and love."
Services, classes, and programs
The synagogue provides Shabbat and Sunday religious services.
Temple Emanuel instituted its Sunday services in 1958, decades after the Sunday-Sabbath movement in American Reform Judaism had largely ended.
It also provides Sunday religious school and Hebrew in preparation for Bar/Bat Mitzvah, as well as Torah study and adult learning courses. In addition, it provides programs on interfaith issues and family learning, as well as youth and senior programs.
Membership, clergy, and leadership
As of 2016, the synagogue had a membership of about 250 families.
Temple Emanuel's Senior Rabbi is Elizabeth Hersh. Its Rabbi Emeritus and Senior Scholar is Dr. Joseph R. Rosenbloom, who has been rabbi at the synagogue for more than 42 years. Since 1977, the temple's "Cantorial Soloist" has been Malachi Owens, a non-Jewish African American who worked as an electrical engineer and has also been a Baptist minister since 1998.
Design
Its 1962 building in the St. Louis suburb of Creve Coeur, Missouri, was designed by architect William Bernoudy, of the firm Bernoudy-Mutrux-Bauer, which was known for its originality. It was designed in the shape of the six-pointed Jewish star. The congregation owns the building, and the land on which it sits.
The St. Louis County Historic Buildings Commission has named the synagogue an outstanding example of mid-century Modern architecture worthy of preservation.
References
External links
Synagogue website
Dedication Temple Emanual: 5723 (January 1963), Temple Emanuel (St. Louis, Missouri), Temple Emanual, 1963
The building art in St. Louis, by George McCue, published by the St. Louis Chapter, American Institute of Architects, 1967
Synagogues completed in 1962
Reform synagogues in Missouri
Jewish organizations established in 1956
Religious buildings and structures in St. Louis County, Missouri
Modernist synagogues
The Provisional Muslim Revolutionary Committee (; abbreviated PMRC or Musispolkom) was an organisation in Crimea during the Russian Revolution, comprising Crimean Tatar nationalist figures. Meeting in March 1917, the PMRC, with support from the Russian Provisional Government and several Crimean Tatar intellectuals (among them Noman Çelebicihan, Cafer Seydamet Qırımer, and Asan Sabri Ayvazov, the founders of Milliy Firqa), the PMRC was seen as a first step towards the establishment of the Kurultai of the Crimean People's Republic.
Background
The effects of the February Revolution sent shockwaves throughout the Russian Empire, and Crimea was no exception. Amidst the revolution, a protest of Crimean Tatars was held in the city of Simferopol, where a banner reading "Freedom, equality, fraternity, and justice!" was unfurled by protesters. In the revolution's chaotic aftermath, self-governing bodies emerged throughout the Crimean peninsula, and the was abolished by the Russian Provisional Government with the support of the Crimean Tatar people and intelligentsia. The Spiritual Administration had become unpopular among Crimean Muslims due to popular perception that it had betrayed Muslim values by selling off waqf lands and properties, as well as by its pro-Tsarist political positions.
History
In March 1917, as a result of the Crimean Tatar self-determination movement, organised the Provisional Muslim Revolutionary Committee, bringing together representatives of various sectors of Crimean Tatar society in the name of achieving sovereignty for Crimea. Acting with recognition and support from the Russian Provisional Government, the PMRC acted as a form of government in Crimea until the first Crimean People's Kurultai could be convened.
Early into its existence, the PMRC had already begun making significant progress on enacting policy. The primary goals of the committee were the organisation of the peninsula's various disorganised local entities into a singular government and encouraging participation in the upcoming 1917 Russian Constituent Assembly election. Other significant issues at the time included the remains of the Spiritual Administration, administration of waqfs, and educational reform.
The PMRC set forth an ambitious programme, including the right of all peoples to self-determination, the establishment of parliamentary democracy in Crimea, equality between the Russian, Ukrainian, and Crimean Tatar languages, and a referendum on adopting the Basic Law of Crimea in which participation would be mandatory. The PMRC programme also stressed the necessity of improving education, and proposed the creation of free and compulsory primary education in the Crimean Tatar language, which was intended to be apolitical. The efforts of the PMRC in ensuring the rights of Crimean Tatars had backing from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Provisional Government, which allowed Crimean Tatar authorities to seize control of religious, cultural, and educational institutions in the peninsula, including the management of waqfs.
Alongside the introduction of this programme, the PMRC, with the consent of the Simferopol garrison of the Russian Army, formed the Military Revolutionary Committee under the leadership of Memet Yenileyev. Though the original mission of the Military Revolutionary Committee was simply supported for Crimean Tatar soldiers within the peninsula, its power quickly grew, and it became the de facto paramilitary wing of the PMRC.
In May 1917, During a visit by Alexander Kerensky to Crimea, they were met by a delegation of Crimean Tatar politicians headed by Noman Çelebicihan. Among Çelebicihan's requests to Kerensky were the return of the and organisation of a Crimean Tatar regiment. Following the meeting, Kerensky agreed to fulfil the requests, also promising to issue a memorandum addressing the government. However, only a month later, when a PMRC delegation visited the Provisional Government in Petrograd (now Saint Petersburg) and met with Georgy Lvov, they became convinced that Lvov was too incompetent to handle their issues, and instead elected to visit Kerensky, who was outside the city at the time.
In June 1917, the PMRC also formed two print organs; the Crimean Tatar-language , which was a daily newspaper edited by Asan Sabri Ayvazov, and the Russian-language , which was a weekly newspaper edited by . Only a month later, the activities of the PMRC were significantly disrupted after Çelebicihan was arrested on charges of being an Ottoman agent. It was not until that they would be released.
The PMRC found significant support in the Central Council of Ukraine, and the Crimean Tatar delegation to the Congress of the Enslaved Peoples of Russia was headed by Amet Özenbaşlı, a leading member of the Milliy Firqa party.
Between 1-2 October 1917, at a congress of Crimean Tatar revolutionary organisations convened by the PMRC, and it was decided that the future of Crimea should be decided by an elected Kurultai. In the subsequent election held on 20 November 1917, which was boycotted by the Bolsheviks, Crimean Tatar and Ukrainian groups each received three seats compared to only two for the Russian majority. Following the Kurultai's convening on 26 November 1917 at the Bakhchisaray Palace, it took over the powers of the PMRC, and subsequently declared the creation of the Crimean People's Republic on 13 December 1917.
Members
– Organiser and chairperson of the PMRC. Educator and politician.
Noman Çelebicihan – Chairman of the Crimean Muslim Executive Committee. Politician, mufti, and writer. Co-founder of Milliy Firqa. Later President of the Crimean People's Republic.
Cafer Seydamet Qırımer – Politician and ideologue, Co-founder of Milliy Firqa.
Asan Sabri Ayvazov – Educator, politician, writer, and journalist. Co-founder of Milliy Firqa.
– Leader of the Crimean Tatar feminist movement.
References
Crimea during the Russian Civil War
Crimean People's Republic
Political history of Crimea
Organizations based in Crimea
This is a section in the city of Uzhhorod, Ukraine. Before World War I it was a city in the Austria-Hungary empire called Ordarma. Ordarma was a suburb of Ungvar, Hungary which became Uzhhorod.
References
Uzhhorod
Little Santa Cruz Island is an island situated south of downtown Zamboanga City, on the Basilan Strait.
See also
List of islands of the Philippines
External links
Little Santa Cruz Island at OpenStreetMap
Islands of Zamboanga City
Protected landscapes and seascapes of the Philippines
Rein Kilk (born on 8 March 1953 in Tartu) is an Estonian entrepreneur and sport figure.
From 1971 to 1985 they studied the law at the University of Tartu. Since 2012 they are studying literature and cultural science at the University of Tartu.
From 1979 to 1981, they became a three-time Estonian champion in long-distance running. In 1981 they won Viljandi Lake Running Competition .
Since 2003, they are the president of Estonian Rowing Federation. From 2004 to 2012 they were a member of Estonian Olympic Committee's executive committee.
They have been a member of the board of AS Pärnu Sadam, and AS Eesti Energia.
Awards:
2005: Order of the White Star, IV class.
References
Living people
1953 births
Estonian businesspeople
Estonian male long-distance runners
Recipients of the Order of the White Star, 4th Class
University of Tartu alumni
Sportspeople from Tartu
Upper Peru (; ) is a name for the land that was governed by the Real Audiencia of Charcas. The name originated in Buenos Aires towards the end of the 18th century after the Audiencia of Charcas was transferred from the Viceroyalty of Peru to the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata in 1776. It comprised the governorships of Potosí, La Paz, Cochabamba, Chiquitos, Moxos and Charcas (since renamed Sucre).
Following the Bolivian War of Independence, the region became an independent country and was renamed Bolivia in honor of Simón Bolívar.
History
By 1821, the Spanish colonial empire in Latin America was falling apart because of the Napoleonic occupation of Spain and the troops of generals Bolivar and Sucre, who had already liberated Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador, were already approaching the Upper Peru region.
Fearing bloodshed that the libertarian troops could cause the local population, in June 1822 the three governors of Upper Peru departments gathered in Cuiabá (Captaincy of Mato Grosso, Brazil) and asked the governor to take sides with the Prince Regent (future Emperor Pedro I) to occupy the territory for the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. It was better (thought the governors) to be occupied by a monarchical State than to entertain the idea of rule by a fragile and uncertain republic.
Immediately, in July of that year, the governor of Mato Grosso sent to Upper Peru the troops stationed in the captaincy and closed the borders to stop the advance of the libertarian troops. They sent to the Prince the proposal of the local authorities and the dispatch order of the troops.
The letter reached Emperor Pedro I only in November 1822, when Brazil had already declared independence and, worse, Brazil was not interested in attaching that territory, because the new country was more concerned with pacifying the northern and northeastern provinces. Thus, the order given by the Emperor was to call back the troops (leaving the way clear for the libertarians to occupy these territories) claiming that "Brazil does not interfere in foreign affairs."
This episode is poorly documented, the curious thing is that the Generals Antonio Jose de Sucre and Simón Bolívar, knowing what was happening, managed to send diplomats in record time to Rio de Janeiro and these diplomats arrived even faster than the letter from the governor of Mato Grosso, so the result was that when they got the letter, the Emperor was already "head made" and the evacuation order was already given.
Spanish province of Charcas
Initially, the province of Charcas was under the administration of the Viceroyalty of Peru until 1776 when the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata was established.
Río de la Plata provinces of Alto Perú
The Assembly of Buenos Aires advanced to the province of Charcas as part of the Viceroyalty of Río de la Plata and had elected representatives of the Provinces of Upper Peru for the Congress of the United Provinces of Río de la Plata.
Counterrevolution of Alto Perú
When the Viceroyalty of Río de la Plata gained independence, the Viceroy Abascal incorporated Upper Peru to the Viceroyalty of Peru including the province of Charcas.
Portuguese intervention in Alto Perú
The occupation occurred in the region Alto Perú (now Bolivia) between July and December 1822, which mobilized the Portuguese royal troops stationed in the Captaincy of Mato Grosso and occupied three of the Peru departments: La Paz, Santa Cruz de la Sierra and the so-called Department Maritmo (Atacama) .
Colombian occupation of Alto Perú
Between 1823 and 1828 Colombian troops occupied Alto Perú with the leadership of marshal Antonio José de Sucre, born in Cumaná, as continuation of the Campaigns of the South. The Republic of Bolivar (based on the Alto Perú) was considered to be a satellite state of the Gran Colombia.
Claims by Argentina and Perú over Alto Perú
Argentina and Peru claimed some territories of Alto Perú for historical reasons.
References
Colonial Bolivia
Viceroyalty of Peru
Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata
Regions of Bolivia
Spanish-speaking countries and territories
Historical regions
Lamer is a jargon or slang name originally applied in cracker and phreaker culture to someone who did not really understand what they were doing. Today it is also loosely applied by IRC, BBS, demosceners, and online gaming users to anyone perceived to be contemptible. In general, the term has come to describe someone who is willfully ignorant of how things work. It is derived from the word "lame".
A lamer is sometimes understood to be the antithesis of a hacker. While a hacker strives to understand the mechanisms behind what they use, even when such extended knowledge would have no practical value, a lamer only cares to learn the bare minimum necessary to operate the device in the way originally intended.
Origin
At least one example of the term "lamer" to mean "a dull, stupid, inept, or contemptible person" appeared as early as 1961. It was popularized among Amiga crackers of the mid-1980s by "Lamer Exterminator", a notable Amiga virus, which gradually corrupted non-write-protected floppy disks with bad sectors. The bad sectors, when examined, were overwritten with repetitions of the string "LAMER!".
In phreak culture, a lamer is one who scams codes from others and lacks understanding of the fundamental concepts. In warez culture, where the ability to distribute cracked commercial software within days of (or before) release to the commercial market is much esteemed, the lamer might try to upload garbage, shareware, or outdated releases.
See also
Luser
Noob
Script kiddie
References
External links
Definition of lame - Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary
Definition of Lamer - Jargon File - Origination of term lamer.
Pejorative terms for people
Computer jargon
Alec Douglas Howie (3 September 1913 − 22 May 1940) was a first-class cricketer who made one appearance for the Indian army cricket team. They died during the Second World War in the Battle of Belgium in 1940.
Early life
Alec Douglas Howie was born on 3 September 1913 in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, British India. They were the son of Charles Thomas and Ethel Muriel Howie.
Cricket career
Howie appeared in one match for the Indian Army cricket team against Northern India in the Ranji Trophy. The match was played on 4 December 1934 at Lawrence Gardens, Lahore. Howie batted 49 runs during the match, and also bowled 3 over, taking no wickets. Northern India won the match by an inning and 52 runs.
Military career and death
Howie enlisted in the 1st Battalion, East Surrey Regiment as soon as they finished their education. In 1940, the battalion was sent to France with the British Expeditionary Force. In May of the same year, the battalion advanced into Belgium to stop the German invasion, but were pushed back to a defensive line at the Escaut river. Serving as a corporal during the Battle of the Escaut, Howie was killed in action on 22 May 1940. The battalion was forced back from the Escaut to the Dunkirk beachhead soon after, and was evacuated to England. Howie is buried at Heverlee War Cemetery.
References
External links
CWGC entry
1913 births
1940 deaths
People from Saharanpur
English cricketers
Indian Army cricketers
East Surrey Regiment soldiers
British Army personnel killed in World War II
Burials at Heverlee Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery
Military personnel of British India
Silicon Valley International School Willows Campus known colloquially as Silco, Alto, or Willows' Campus, as well as Alto International School, is the high school of Silicon Valley International School. The campus is located in Menlo Park, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area, and offers preparatory, multilingual, progressive education, immersion language programs in French, German, and Chinese for preschool and high school.
As an International Baccalaureate (IB) World School since 2007, the school offers both the IB Middle Years Programme (MYP) from Grades 6 through Grade 10, and (Since receiving accreditation in 2018) the IB Diploma Programme (DP) from Grades 11 and 12. The school also used to offer the Deutsches Sprachdiplom Stufe I and II, which entitles foreign students to apply for university entry in Germany, but abandoned it following the merger with Silicon Valley International School.
The school was originally founded in 1988 as the first German school on the US West Coast and changed its name from German-American International School (GAIS) to Alto International School in September of 2016. it had 250 students. In August 2018, Alto launched a partnership with Stiftung Louisenlund near Kiel, Germany, to develop joined student programs. Since Summer of 2019, Alto was part of the Round Square network of international schools, but this association was abandoned with the merger of Silicon Valley International School.
In August of 2021, Alto merged with Silicon Valley International School and the school changed its name from Alto International School to the Willows' Campus of Silicon Valley International School.
Academic achievements
Based on the International Schools' Assessment (ISA) and the PISA test of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), Alto students used to consistently outperform comparable schools worldwide and in 2017 Alto's 9th Grade students had tested above the highest ranking schools systems in the world and scored in the top 10% worldwide. In addition, according to the Presidential Honor Roll of the American Association of Teachers of German, students of Alto International School ranked in 2017 and 2018 within the top 3 schools in California and within the top 10 schools nationwide.
Rewards
In 2017, 2018, and 2019, the "Best of the Best" edition of the Bay Area Magazine, Alto International School was awarded Gold and Silver medals for the best school in the following 6 categories: Preschool, Elementary School, Middle School, High School, International School and Language Immersion Program.
References
External links
Silicon Valley International School
High schools in San Mateo County, California
International Baccalaureate schools in California
Private K-12 schools in California
German international schools in the United States
International schools in California
International schools in San Francisco
1988 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1988
German-American culture in California
Round Square schools
The 1975 NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships were contested March 15, 1975 at Cobo Arena in Detroit, Michigan at the 11th annual NCAA-sanctioned track meet to determine the individual and team national champions of men's collegiate indoor track and field events in the United States.
UTEP again topped the team standings, the Miners' second consecutive and second overall indoor team title.
Qualification
Unlike other NCAA-sponsored sports, there were not separate NCAA Division I, Division II, and Division III championships for indoor track and field until 1985. As such, all athletes and programs from all three divisions were eligible to compete.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
Scoring: 6 points for a 1st-place finish, 4 points for 2nd, 3 points for 3rd, 2 points for 4th, and 1 point for 5th
(DC) = Defending Champions
Full results
References
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Republic Day () was an official holiday in East Germany, celebrated annually on 7 October from 1949 to 1989. Republic Day commemorates the anniversary of the establishment of the German Democratic Republic on 7 October 1949. On Republic Day, the Government of the GDR awarded many people the National Award of the GDR.
Background
The day commemorates 7 October 1949, when the German Democratic Republic was constituted on the territory of the Soviet Occupation Zone, almost half a year after the founding of the Federal Republic of Germany after the adoption of the Basic Law on 23 May 1949. It was immediately led by a government formed by the ruling communist party, known locally as the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) (formed in April 1946). This solidified the 1945 division of Germany and the two states' different political systems. The first major celebrations took place in 1959 on the GDR's 10th anniversary. It was replaced in 1990 by German Unity Day, which is today celebrated on 3 October, four days before the GDR's Republic Day.
Celebrations in the GDR
On the occasion of the Day of the Republic, special stamps were issued every five years for the State Birthday of the GDR. Since the 1970s, the day became more and more the people's holiday, without the demonstrations, but with folk festival character. In 1976, the Palace of the Republic was opened on republic day. On Republic Day in 1977, violent clashes between the People's Police and young people took place on Alexanderplatz in Berlin. They shouted slogans like "Down with the GDR!" Or "Give Peace a Chance" and many of whom were arrested and sentenced.
Military parade
The East German government has always held a Republic Day parade on Karl-Marx-Allee (between Alexanderplatz and Strausberger Platz) since its 10th anniversary in 1959. The most prominent Republic Day celebrations have taken place in 1974, 1979 and 1989, at the 25th, 30th and 40th anniversaries respectively. Since this military presence was in contrast to Berlin's Four Powers status, the military parades led regularly to protest notes of the Western Powers. The last military parade took place in 1989. Also a fleet review of the Volksmarine took place. The parade had been always led by the parade commander who had the rank of a Colonel General and the position of Chief of the Land Forces. From 1972, when that post was created, up to 1989, that was held by Col Gen Horst Stechbarth, who was the parade commander during those years. After their arrival and the report of the superintendent of the Friedrich Engels Military Academy, they took their post nearest the Massed Bands of the Military Music Service of the National People's Army and the Corps of Drums of the Central Band of the NPA.
At 10 am, after the arrival of state and political leaders, the bells ring and the bands sounded a fanfare, after which the parade commander had ordered the parade to present arms and eyes left as it rendered honors to the Minister of Defence, a position held by a General of the Army. As the bands were playing the Präsentiermarsch der Nationalen Volksarmee the PC and the Minister of Defense salute as their automobiles approached each other and the bands paused, with the former reporting of the readiness of the troops for the parade. The music was then resumed at the signal of the Drum Major of the Massed Bands and the Band Conductors, and the PC and the Minister first inspected the mobile column, then the bands and lastly the ground column. After the inspection, the vehicle of the parade commander returned to their first position as the Minister's vehicle stopped in order that they would depart the said vehicle and then proceed to the reviewing stand to inform the General Secretary of the SED and President of the Council of State on the readiness of the parade to march past. Following the report, the national anthem Auferstanden aus Ruinen was played, after which the parade commander ordered the parade to prepare for the march past in quick time, first to the tune of Marsch der Elisabether as the bands position for the march past, and later, following the fifes and drums, to the tune of the Parademarsch № 1 der Nationalen Volksarmee as the bands march in position in front of the grandstand.
Republic Day Grand Tattoo
The traditional German Großer Zapfenstreich ("Grand Tattoo") military ceremony was held on Republic Day in the evening. It was made official in 1981 after it was introduced in 1962 and was updated from the Prussian version, to adjust for the addition of "elements of the progressive military inheritance" which included Soviet compositions and a medley of German and international working-class songs and marches. It also included a torchlight procession, an opening fanfare, and the presentation of the NVA Colors.
The composition of the Grand Tattoo from 1962–89 was as follows:
Central Band of the NVA (with specialized fanfare section and 2 Timpanis)
Corps of Drums
Friedrich Engels Guard Regiment Ceremonial Unit
Company of sailors of the Volksmarine
NVA Colour guard
Torchbearers
Gallery
See also
Republic Day
References
National holidays
1949 establishments in East Germany
October observances
Republic days
Public holidays in East Germany
Bartolomeo Trevisan (died 1509) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Belluno (1499–1509).
On 26 August 1499, Bartolomeo Trevisan was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Belluno.
They served as Bishop of Belluno until their death on 4 Sep 1509.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
1509 deaths
The 2012 MTV Video Music Awards, hosted by Kevin Hart, took place on Thursday, September 6, 2012, honoring the best music videos from the previous year. The awards were broadcast from the Staples Center arena at L.A. Live in Downtown Los Angeles. Nominations were announced on July 31, 2012. Rihanna and Drake were the most nominated artists that year with five nominations apiece, followed by Katy Perry and Beyoncé, who received four.
One Direction was the biggest winner of the night winning their three nominations, including Best New Artist, and Rihanna went on to win Video of the Year. Both M.I.A. and Chris Brown won two awards each.
The awards ceremony, with an average of 6.1 million viewers, was the least-watched VMA show since 2007. The major factor which contributed to the drop in ratings was most likely altering the program's broadcast date to Thursday instead of Sunday, the day MTV had been using since 2004, with the exception of the 2006 ceremony. MTV also moved up the telecast to 8pm instead of 9pm, to avoid competing with President Barack Obama's speech at the 2012 Democratic National Convention. This was somewhat early for MTV's targeted audience. Best Special Effects renamed Best Visual Effects.
Performances
House artist
Calvin Harris
Source:
Presenters
Pre-show
Sway Calloway – presented Best Video with a Message
James Montgomery – presented Best Electronic Dance Music Video
Jim Cantiello and Ton Do-Nguyen – presented Most Share-Worthy Video
Christina Garibaldi – Red Carpet
Main show
Katy Perry – presented Best Pop Video
Dwight Howard – chatted with host Kevin Hart and introduced the next set of presenters
Miley Cyrus and Mac Miller – introduced P!nk
Demi Lovato and Rita Ora – presented Best Male Video
Zoe Saldana – introduced Frank Ocean
Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg – presented Best Hip-Hop Video
The Wanted and Rebel Wilson – presented Best Female Video
Psy – appeared and danced to their "Gangnam Style" on stage with host Kevin Hart while they introduced the next presenters
Ezra Miller and Emma Watson – introduced Green Day
Peter Facinelli, Elizabeth Reaser, Bill Condon, Robert Pattinson, Taylor Lautner and Jackson Rathbone – introduced an exclusive Breaking Dawn: Part 2 sneak peek preview
Kesha and Wiz Khalifa – presented Best New Artist
The Fierce Five (Aly Raisman, Gabby Douglas, Jordyn Wieber, Kyla Ross and McKayla Maroney) – introduced Alicia Keys
Kevin Hart – presented Video of the Year and introduced Taylor Swift
Winners and nominees
Nominees were announced on July 31, 2012.
Video of the Year
Rihanna (featuring Calvin Harris) – "We Found Love"
Drake (featuring Rihanna) – "Take Care"
Gotye (featuring Kimbra) – "Somebody That I Used to Know"
M.I.A. – "Bad Girls"
Katy Perry – "Wide Awake"
Best Male Video
Chris Brown – "Turn Up the Music"
Justin Bieber – "Boyfriend"
Drake (featuring Rihanna) – "Take Care"
Frank Ocean – "Swim Good"
Usher – "Climax"
Best Female Video
Nicki Minaj – "Starships"
Beyoncé – "Love on Top"
Selena Gomez & the Scene – "Love You Like a Love Song"
Katy Perry – "Part of Me"
Rihanna (featuring Calvin Harris) – "We Found Love"
Best New Artist
One Direction – "What Makes You Beautiful"
fun. (featuring Janelle Monáe) – "We Are Young"
Carly Rae Jepsen – "Call Me Maybe"
Frank Ocean – "Swim Good"
The Wanted – "Glad You Came"
Best Pop Video
One Direction – "What Makes You Beautiful"
Justin Bieber – "Boyfriend"
fun. (featuring Janelle Monáe) – "We Are Young"
Maroon 5 (featuring Wiz Khalifa) – "Payphone"
Rihanna (featuring Calvin Harris) – "We Found Love"
Best Rock Video
Coldplay – "Paradise"
The Black Keys – "Lonely Boy"
Imagine Dragons – "It's Time"
Linkin Park – "Burn It Down"
Jack White – "Sixteen Saltines"
Best Hip-Hop Video
Drake (featuring Lil Wayne) – "HYFR"
Childish Gambino – "Heartbeat"
Jay-Z and Kanye West – "Paris"
Nicki Minaj (featuring 2 Chainz) – "Beez in the Trap"
Kanye West (featuring Pusha T, Big Sean and 2 Chainz) – "Mercy"
Best Electronic Dance Music Video
Calvin Harris – "Feel So Close"
Avicii – "Levels"
Duck Sauce – "Big Bad Wolf"
Skrillex – "First of the Year (Equinox)"
Martin Solveig – "The Night Out"
Best Direction
M.I.A. – "Bad Girls" (Director: Romain Gavras)
Coldplay (featuring Rihanna) – "Princess of China" (Director: Adria Petty and Alan Bibby)
Duck Sauce – "Big Bad Wolf" (Director: Keith Schofield)
Jay-Z and Kanye West (featuring Otis Redding) – "Otis" (Director: Spike Jonze)
Frank Ocean – "Swim Good" (Director: Nabil Elderkin)
Best Choreography
Chris Brown – "Turn Up the Music" (Choreographer: Anwar "Flii" Burton)
Avicii – "Levels" (Choreographers: Richy Greenfield and Petro Papahadjopoulos)
Beyoncé – "Countdown" (Choreographers: Danielle Polanco, Frank Gatson, Beyoncé and Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker)
Jennifer Lopez (featuring Pitbull) – "Dance Again" (Choreographer: JR Taylor)
Rihanna – "Where Have You Been" (Choreographer: Hi-Hat)
Best Visual Effects
Skrillex – "First of the Year (Equinox)" (Visual Effects: Deka Brothers and Tony "Truand" Datis)
David Guetta (featuring Nicki Minaj) – "Turn Me On" (Visual Effects: Alex Frisch, Joe Harkins, Scott Metzger and Vico Sharabani)
Linkin Park – "Burn It Down" (Visual Effects: Ghost Town Media)
Katy Perry – "Wide Awake" (Visual Effects: Ingenuity Engine)
Rihanna – "Where Have You Been" (Visual Effects: BAKED FX)
Best Art Direction
Katy Perry – "Wide Awake" (Art Director: Benji Bamps)
Lana Del Rey – "Born to Die" (Art Directors: Anna Brun and Audrey Malecot)
Drake (featuring Rihanna) – "Take Care" (Art Director: Jeff Higinbotham)
Of Monsters and Men – "Little Talks" (Art Director: Mihai Wilson and Marcella Moser)
Regina Spektor – "All the Rowboats" (Art Director: Anthony Henderson)
Best Editing
Beyoncé – "Countdown" (Editors: Alexander Hammer and Jeremiah Shuff)
ASAP Rocky – "Goldie" (Editor: Samantha Lecca)
Gotye (featuring Kimbra) – "Somebody That I Used to Know" (Editor: Natasha Pincus)
Jay-Z and Kanye West – "Paris" (Editors: Alexander Hammer, Peter Johnson and Derek Lee)
Kanye West (featuring Pusha T, Big Sean and 2 Chainz) – "Mercy" (Editor: Eric Greenburg)
Best Cinematography
M.I.A. – "Bad Girls" (Director of Photography: André Chemetoff)
Adele – "Someone Like You" (Director of Photography: David Johnson)
Coldplay (featuring Rihanna) – "Princess of China" (Director of Photography: Stéphane Vallée)
Lana Del Rey – "Born to Die" (Director of Photography: André Chemetoff)
Drake (featuring Rihanna) – "Take Care" (Director of Photography: Kasper Tuxen)
Best Video with a Message
Demi Lovato – "Skyscraper"
Kelly Clarkson – "Dark Side"
Gym Class Heroes (featuring Ryan Tedder) – "The Fighter"
K'naan (featuring Nelly Furtado) – "Is Anybody Out There?"
Lil Wayne – "How to Love"
Rise Against – "Ballad of Hollis Brown"
Most Share-Worthy Video
One Direction – "What Makes You Beautiful"
Beyoncé – "Countdown"
Justin Bieber – "Boyfriend"
Gotye (featuring Kimbra) – "Somebody That I Used to Know"
Carly Rae Jepsen – "Call Me Maybe"
Best Latino Artist
Romeo Santos
Juanes
Jennifer Lopez
Pitbull
Wisin & Yandel
See also
2012 MTV Europe Music Awards
References
External links
Official VMA site
2012
MTV Video Music Awards
MTV Video Music
MTV Video Music Awards
2012 in Los Angeles
Ravensworth is a village and civil parish in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.
Ravensworth may also refer to:
Places
Ravensworth, Queensland, Australia
Ravensworth, Ontario, Canada
Crosby Ravensworth, Cumbria, England
Ravensworth Castle, Lamesley, Tyne and Wear, England
Ravensworth, Virginia, United States
Other uses
Ravensworth (plantation), a historic house and plantation near Annandale in Fairfax County, Virginia
Baron Ravensworth
See also
Ravensworth Castle (disambiguation)
Barbara Majeski (born April 22, 1973) is an American TV personality and lifestyle expert based in Princeton, New Jersey.
Life and career
Majeski was born with a twin brother on April 22, 1973 to parents Eleanor and Harri in Livingston, New Jersey. Raised in West Windsor, New Jersey, they attended West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South and graduated from Towson State University in 1996 with a Bachelor's degree.
In 2015, Majeski was diagnosed with stage three colon cancer and soon after they got divorced. After surgery and 12 rounds of chemo treatments, their cancer went into remission. In 2016, they were booked for a segment on The Today Show. Them lifestyle segment became popular and they got a regular segment on The Today Show.
Majeski appears in lifestyle segments, mom panels, DIY segments on television, in particular on morning shows. She's also appeared on NY Live, Chicago the Jam, Inside Edition and Good Day New York, among others.  They are mainly known for “Curator of the Good Life”.
Majeski also hosts their own podcast called Baring It All.
References
1973 births
Living people
American television personalities
People from Livingston, New Jersey
People from Princeton, New Jersey
People from West Windsor, New Jersey
Towson University alumni
West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South alumni
Angelika Film Center is a movie theater chain in the United States that features independent and foreign films. It operates theaters in New York City, Texas, Washington, D.C., California and Virginia. Its headquarters are in New York City.
History and locations
Flagship location (The Cable Building, NoHo, New York City)
The original Angelika Film Center & Café opened in New York City's NoHo neighborhood in 1989. The New York Angelika, which is located at The Cable Building on the corner of Houston and Mercer Streets, is the flagship cinema.
Other locations
Additionally, Angelika Film Center has opened 6 additional locations, one of which has closed:
In 1997, it opened a theater in Houston, Texas, which was closed August 29, 2010.
In 2001, an Angelika opened in the Mockingbird Station in Dallas, Texas
In 2004, an Angelika opened in Plano, Texas.
In the fall of 2012, an Angelika opened an 8-screen theater in the Mosaic District of Fairfax County, Virginia.
In the summer of 2014, Angelika started operating a "Pop-Up" theater in Union Market in Washington, D.C., with plans for an expansion that ultimately fell through in the summer of 2016.
On October 9, 2015, a new location opened in San Diego's North County.
Village East by Angelika in New York City, built 1926, opened under the Angelika brand 2021
Angelika 57, an art cinema in midtown Manhattan on 57th Street between Broadway and Seventh Avenue, operated between 1993 and 1997.
Additional history
From 1997 to 2005, the Angelika Film Center was used as the set for At The Angelika, a weekly TV series distributed by IFC Films. The show moved to the IFC Center on Sixth Avenue and changed its name to At the IFC Center when that venue opened in June 2005.
The Angelika launched a blog where they post their own video and written interviews with directors and actors that are involved with the films they show.
The Angelika Film Center is owned by Reading International and iDNA, Inc.
In Snowball Effect: The Story of Clerks (on the Clerks X DVD) Kevin Smith and Vincent Pereira recall attending movies at the Angelika (notably Richard Linklater's debut Slacker). The film also mentions the disastrous first public screening of Clerks at the Independent Film Feature Market (the IFFM) and has a scene with Smith and Scott Mosier standing outside the theatre.
In November 2015, Shia LaBeouf invited the public to join them in the Cable Building location as they watched the 29 movies that feature them back-to-back. While taking short coffee breaks, LaBeouf could be viewed almost continuously on a live-stream.
On March 5, 2021, they rebranded the Cinema 123 in midtown Manhattan and Village East Cinemas in Greenwich Village under Branded by Angelika. Both theaters previously operated as City Cinemas before their purchase in 2000 by Citadel Cinemas, an affiliate of Reading Entertainment, which were in turn consolidated on December 31, 2001 to form Reading International, the parent company of Reading Cinemas, which owns and operates the Angelika Film Center.
See also
List of art cinemas in New York City
References
External links
Angelika Film Center website
Movie theatre chains in the United States
Entertainment companies established in 1989
Cinemas and movie theaters in Manhattan
Cinemas and movie theaters in Texas
Companies based in New York City
Greenwich Village
Companies affiliated with the Reading Company
Rukesh (, also Romanized as Rūkesh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 391, in 93 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Gulfport School District is a public school district based in Gulfport, Mississippi (USA).
Schools
High school
Gulfport High School
Middle schools
Bayou View Middle School
2008 National Blue Ribbon School
Gulfport Central Middle School
Elementary schools
Anniston Avenue Elementary School
Bayou View Elementary School
Central Elementary School
Gaston Point Elementary School
Pass Road Elementary School
West Elementary School
Twenty-Eighth Street Elementary School
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 5,480 students enrolled in the Gulfport School District during the 2006–2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 50% female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the district was 52.45% African American, 42.90% White, 3.14% Hispanic, 1.30% Asian, and 0.22% Native American. 56.4% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
Gulfport, Mississippi
Education in Harrison County, Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
is a computer programmer who is best known as the creator of the Jenkins software project. While working at Sun Microsystems, they were the primary developer of Hudson project.  They are also the recipient of the 2011 Google-O'Reilly Open Source Award for their work on the Jenkins project.
Career
They worked at Sun Microsystems on numerous projects for the Java, XML and Solaris ecosystems, notably as the primary developer for Hudson and for Multi Schema Validator. Hudson was created in summer of 2004 and first released in February 2005.
When Oracle bought Sun, an issue arose in the Hudson community with respect to the infrastructure used, which grew to encompass questions over the flight attendantship and control by Oracle. Negotiations between the principal project contributors and Oracle took place, and although there were many areas of agreement a key sticking point was the trademarked name "Hudson", after Oracle claimed the right to the name and applied for a trademark in December 2010. As a result, on January 11, 2011, a call for votes was made to change the project name from "Hudson" to "Jenkins". The proposal was overwhelmingly approved by community vote on January 29, 2011, creating the Jenkins project. On February 1, 2011, Oracle said that they intended to continue development of Hudson, and considered Jenkins a fork rather than a renamed. Jenkins and Hudson therefore continue as two independent projects, each claiming the other is the fork.
Kawaguchi founded InfraDNA, Inc. in April 2010, which provided support and service for continuous integration using Hudson. On November 2010, InfraDNA merged with CloudBees. In 2011, they received Google-O'Reilly Open Source Award for their work on the Hudson/Jenkins projects.
In 2014, Kawaguchi became the Chief Technology Officer for CloudBees.
In January 2020, Kawaguchi transitioned to a CloudBees adviser, and has stepped away from Jenkins and CloudBees to focus on a new startup, Launchable Inc.
See also
Hudson
Jenkins
CloudBees
Launchable
References
External links
Kohsuke Kawaguchi at GitHub
Living people
Open source advocates
Open source people
Free software programmers
Sun Microsystems people
1977 births
Phtheochroa chaunax is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Jalisco, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Zabitek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedliszcze, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Philippe Henry (born 23 April 1971) is a Belgian politician.
Biography
Henry was born in Charleroi. They attended University of Liège, becoming the president of the student council, served as student delegate from the University of Liège and the head of Federation of Francophone students in 1994–1995.
In 1995, they graduated with a degree in civil engineering. They finished a master's degree in management in 1997. They worked as a researcher from 1995 to 1999.
They joined the Ecolo party in 1999 and was elected a regional and community member of parliament in 1999 and stayed until 2004.
They served as town councilor in Sprimont and Political Director of Ecolo.
On 16 July 2009, they became the Walloon Minister for the Environment, Spatial Planning, mobility, transportation, and brownfield sites within the Walloon Government under the second term of Minister-President Rudy Demotte. Since 2014, Henry also serves as a Senator.
References
Living people
1971 births
21st-century Belgian politicians
20th-century Belgian politicians
Government ministers of Wallonia
Members of the Parliament of Wallonia
University of Liège alumni
Stojeszyn-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Stojeszyn-Kolonia
Hoseyni (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynī) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 284, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
David Simeon (born David John Townsend, 17 May 1943, Chippenham, Wiltshire) is a British actor.
Career
David Simeon began their acting career after being accepted into RADA, the Rose Bruford College and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. Ultimately they chose the latter and completed their training in 1964. After years working in Wiltshire rep and Birmingham rep, Simeon began working extensively in theatre and television from the late 1960s. Their first television role was as a murderer in Sexton Blake, which Simeon puts down to their honest face being the reason for their casting. From this point they moved to London and continued working in theatre in between television roles, which by the early 1970s were becoming plentiful. Among these were small parts in the Doctor Who serials Inferno (1970) and The Dæmons (1971), which Simeon now says despite their vast experience, "I'm now known as being in Doctor Who".
During the 1970s they secured guest roles in television series such as Paul Temple, Z-Cars, Fawlty Towers, The Pathfinders and The Liver Birds. In 1973 they starred in their first major regular role as Detective Constable Mickey Finn in Hunter's Walk, appearing in 38 episodes until 1976.
From 1980 onwards they continued to gain further regular roles in television series End of Part One (1979–80) impersonating television personalities such as Frank Muir and Derek Batey, Vice Versa (1981) as Mr Blinkhorn, The New Adventures of Lucky Jim (1982) as Philip Lassiter, Jury (1983) as David Farrell and several episodes in the hospital drama Angels. In 1988 they had a role in the hit John Cleese film A Fish Called Wanda. During the 1990s and 2000s they continued extensively in theatre and on television appearing in Coronation Street, Casualty, EastEnders and The Bill. They also secured another recurring role in Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married as Ken Kennedy between 1999 and 2000.
Personal life
Simeon married the actor Elizabeth Counsell (daughter of John Counsell and Mary Kerridge), in 1978 and had a son in 1979.
References
External links
English male stage actors
English male television actors
Living people
Male actors from Wiltshire
1943 births
People from Chippenham
Jeremy Oliver (born 29 December 1961) is an Australian wine writer, commentator, educator and presenter. Self-published with over 25 years experience, Oliver is the author of the wine guide, The Australian Wine Annual (first published 1997).  They are fully independent with no exclusive ties to any media outlet, publishing house or wine producer.
After publishing their first book, Thirst for Knowledge, in 1984, Oliver became the world's youngest professional wine writer. In 2005 Oliver was named the inaugural Wine Writer of the Year by the Australian Wine Selector magazine.
Career
Born in Ballarat, Victoria, Oliver was educated at Melbourne Grammar School.
They completed a Bachelor of Agricultural Science at the University of Melbourne in 1982. Oliver then spent a year in Coonawarra, during which they worked at Lindeman's and Katnook Estate. Following this, in 1984, they completed a Graduate Diploma in Wine at Roseworthy College.
Being one of the few International wine writers with a formal tertiary education in winemaking and viticulture they have stated that if you're going to write critically about wine, the least you can do is to learn how to make it.
Oliver is both a presenter and regular MC of corporate and wine-related events. They have hosted many wine events in Australia including the Maurice O'Shea Award.
In 2006, they toured Australia, hosting wine and cricket dinners (Wine and Wickets) with the legendary cricket commentator, Henry Blofeld.
Oliver is a member of the Melbourne Food and Wine Festival's honorary Board.
Books and media
Jeremy Oliver has authored more than twenty books and written for dozens of publications in many countries including the UK, the US, Russia, Korea, Singapore, Japan and China.
They appear regularly on the Australian Sky News Business Channel and has made hundreds of other appearances on radio and television.
Their first book, Thirst For Knowledge, was a light-hearted but informative guide to wine. This was fully updated two years later as More Thirst for Knowledge.
At this time, Oliver was also contributing to a range of publications including The Age in Melbourne. In 1992 they released a wine biography of Len Evans titled Evans on Earth.
Oliver has released a series of three books called The Australian Wine Handbook, which rate both current and back vintages of Australia's most important wines. This concept was the inspiration for Jeremy Oliver's present releases of The Australian Wine Annual, which was first published in 1997. This wine guide features their tasting notes, ratings and commentary.
In 2009, Oliver released Enjoying Wine With Jeremy, becoming the first western wine critic to create and publish a book in China. The book is purpose-written to educate the emerging Chinese market about wine and to encourage them to try Australian wine. Published in simplified Chinese, Enjoying Wine with Jeremy is packed with information about the enjoyment of wine, tasting notes, labels and ratings of 290 Australian wines currently available in the Chinese market.
Jeremy also operates their own wine information website, www.jeremyoliver.com.
Wine scoring methodology
When assessing and marking wines: Oliver allocates each a score out of 20. The scores are given on this basis: Wines that score an average of 15.5 out of 20 in Australian wine shows are awarded a bronze medal. Those that score 17.0 are awarded Silver and those that score 18.5 are awarded gold medals.
Current
Today Jeremy Oliver also works in an ambassadorial capacity for Australian wine, having forged close relationships with Austrade and the Market Development Advisory Committee (formerly known as the Australian Wine Export Council).
Oliver is a recognised Australian wine personality and the face of Australian wine overseas, particularly in Asian markets. They regularly represent the Australian wine industry in key export markets.
Oliver first put the spotlight on winemakers and brands that have become Australian icons and household names including Giaconda Winery, Bindi, Clonakilla and Epis.
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Australian wine critics
1961 births
Wine critics
Henry Wellesley, 1st Baron Cowley GCB (20 January 1773 – 27 April 1847) was an Anglo-Irish diplomat and politician. They were the younger brother of the soldier and politician the first Duke of Wellington.  They are known particularly for their service as British Ambassador to Spain during the Peninsular War where they acted in cooperation with their brother to gain the support of Cortes of Cádiz. Their later postings included being Ambassador in Vienna where they dealt with Metternich and British Ambassador to France during the reign of Louis Philippe I.
Their career was closely connected with that of their elder brothers Arthur and Richard Wellesley, who served as Foreign Secretary between 1809 and 1812. They became embroiled in a public scandal in 1809 when their wife Charlotte eloped with Henry Paget who as Lord Uxbridge was later to serve as cavalry commander under their brother at the Battle of Waterloo.
Background and education
Wellesley was the fifth and youngest son of Garret Wellesley, 1st Earl of Mornington, by Anne Hill-Trevor, the eldest daughter of Arthur Hill-Trevor, 1st Viscount Dungannon, both families of Anglo-Irish descent. They were the younger brother of Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington, Richard Wellesley, 1st Marquess Wellesley, and William Wellesley-Pole, 3rd Earl of Mornington. They were educated at Eton and at the court of the Duke of Brunswick. They purchased an ensigncy in the 40th Foot in 1790.
Diplomatic career
Wellesley's diplomatic career began in 1791 when they were appointed attaché to the British embassy at The Hague. The next year, they became Secretary of Legation in Stockholm. In 1791 they exchanged into the 1st Foot Guards and in 1793 they purchased a Lieutenancy. In 1794, while on a trip home from Lisbon with their sister Anne, they were captured by the French, and remained in prison during the height of the terror, escaping only in 1795. In the latter year they sat for Trim in the Irish House of Commons.
At the 1807 general election they were elected to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom as a Member of Parliament both for Athlone in Ireland and for Eye in England.
They chose to sit for Eye, and held the seat until their resignation in 1809 by taking the Chiltern Hundreds.
In 1797 Wellesley accompanied Lord Malmesbury as secretary on their unsuccessful mission to negotiate peace with the French at Lille. Later that year, they travelled to India, where they became private secretary to their oldest brother, Lord Mornington, the new governor-general. They were in India between 1797 and 1799, and again from 1801 to 1802, and was a useful assistant to their brother in a variety of diplomatic capacities, negotiating treaties with Mysore and Oudh.
In 1802 they returned to Europe, and the next year married Lady Charlotte Cadogan, by whom they had three sons and a daughter before they abandoned them in 1809, running off with Lord Paget, a talented cavalry officer. Their wife divorced them in Scotland in 1810. Although, at first, Paget's career was badly affected by the affair, as they were later unable to serve under Wellesley's brother Wellington in the Peninsular Campaign due to the bad blood, Paget later distinguished themselves under Wellington at Waterloo.
In 1809 Wellesley became the British envoy to Spain – their eldest brother, by now Marquess Wellesley, was now Foreign Secretary, while their brother Arthur (now Viscount Wellington) was the commander of the Anglo-Portuguese forces in the Iberian Peninsula. Together, the three brothers helped to make the Peninsular campaign a success, and in 1812 Wellesley was knighted. They remained Ambassador to Spain until 1821, but found time to marry again, this time to Lady Georgiana Cecil, daughter of the Marquess of Salisbury. In 1823, Wellesley became Ambassador to Austria, where they remained until 1831. Although they were close acquaintances with Foreign Secretary George Canning, who had asked Wellesley to serve as their second in their duel with Lord Castlereagh, Wellesley felt that Canning did not appreciate their services, feeling them to be too conciliatory.
In January 1828 Wellesley was created Baron Cowley, of Wellesley in the County of Somerset, due to their brother Wellington's influence with the prime minister, Lord Goderich. Their final diplomatic service was in Paris, where they served as British ambassador to France during Robert Peel's administrations in 1835 and 1841–1846. In 1846 Cowley retired, but remained in Paris, where they died the next year.
Family
Cowley married Lady Charlotte, daughter of Charles Cadogan, 1st Earl Cadogan, but divorced in 1810 after Charlotte ran away with Henry Paget, later 1st Marquess of Anglesey.
Their eldest son, Henry Richard Charles Wellesley, followed in their father's footsteps as a diplomatist, holding the Paris embassy for fifteen years, and was eventually created Earl Cowley. Another son, Gerald Valerian Wellesley, became Dean of Windsor.
References
External links
pedigree from thepeerage.com
1773 births
1847 deaths
19th-century Irish people
Politicians from County Kildare
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Austria
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to France
Irish diplomats
Irish expatriates in the Netherlands
Irish expatriates in Sweden
Irish expatriates in France
Irish expatriates in India
Irish expatriates in Spain
Irish expatriates in England
Diplomatic peers
Grenadier Guards officers
H
Irish MPs 1790–1797
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Meath constituencies
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
People educated at Eton College
South Lancashire Regiment officers
Wellesley, Henry
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Athlone
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1807–1812
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Peers of the United Kingdom created by George IV
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to Spain
City of London was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name. Uniquely, the seat elected four councillors.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the City of London
Etlingera nasuta is a monocotyledonous plant species that was first described by Karl Moritz Schumann, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Etlingera nasuta is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae.
Subspecies
The species is divided into the following subspecies:
Etlingera nasuta subsp. reticulata
Etlingera nasuta subsp. nasuta
References
nasuta
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
Ntiero Effiom (22 November 1946 – 10 September 2014) was a Nigerian football coach who managed Pelican Stars and the Nigeria women's national football team.
References
1946 births
2014 deaths
Nigerian football managers
Nigeria women's national football team managers
2007 FIFA Women's World Cup managers
Mörsfeld is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
History
The area which is now Mörsfeld was originally settled at the end of the 9th century. It was supposedly named after a settler named Moro with the oldest recorded spelling of the town as "Morßfelt." About 1 km from the town itself is a place called the Daimbacherhof; a Cistercian monastery was founded there in the 13th century. In 1525, during the Peasants' War, the town as well as the monastery were destroyed. Also in the Daimbacherhof were mercury mines which were mined successfully until the early 19th century with production only being brought to a halt during the Thirty Years' War. Mörsfeld was further ravaged during a period of war from 1792 to 1801. The town was occupied by the French in 1799 and remained in their control til 1814, when it was reincorporated into the Kingdom of Bavaria.
Politics
List of mayors:
1660–1689, Johannes Wagner
1690–1719, Johann Jost Pfannkuchen
1794–1798, Heinrich Kaufhold
1798–1800, Johann Daniel Orschiedt
1811–1819, Johann Adam Lied
1819–1837, Karl Philipp Grieß
1837–1838, Johannes Nussbickel
1838–1848, Jacob Vogel
1848–1868, Johann Adam Wagner
1868–1889, Johannes Lawall
1890–1892, Adam Fellenberger
1892–1894, Philipp Jakob Vogel
1895–1915, Philipp Jakob Lawall
1974–1981, Julius Konrad
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Lisbeth Berg-Hansen (born 14 March 1963) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Labour Party.
They chaired the Norwegian Seafood Federation from 2002 to 2005, and was Vice President of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise from 2004 to 2008. In politics, they were a political advisor in the Ministry of Fisheries from 1992 to 1996, and State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister from 2000 to 2001. Between 20 October 2009 and 16 October 2013, they were appointed Minister of Fisheries and Coastal Affairs.
 They are the deputy chair of the board of the Norwegian Institute of Marine Research, and a member of the board of Aker Seafoods, Fosen Trafikklag, Investinor (formerly known as Statens Investeringsselskap), SOS-barnebyer and Bodø University College.
They live in Bindal.
Conflict of interest
Berg-Hansen owns an 8% stake in SinkabergHansen AS, one of Norway's salmon farms, through Jmj Invest AS.
NMF, a Norwegian environmental group, filed charges against Berg-Hansen in 2009 claiming that their own economic interests prompted them to violate the regulations she's supposed to enforce.
In November 2013 a France 2 documentary accused Berg-Hansen of corruption in relaxing the legal levels of toxins allowed in fish in Norway while at leading health advisory committees and related research institutes, specifically the allowing of the pesticide chemical Ethoxyquin whose effects are relatively less researched and the minister having quashed funding for researchers who were about the report the dangerous effects of the pesticide including its ability to cross the blood brain barrier. Kurt Oddekalv, Norwegian environmental activist called them corrupt & rotten, similar to the Mafia, in the documentary.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Norwegian state secretaries
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
20th-century Norwegian business persons
Norwegian women state secretaries
Nordland politicians
21st-century Norwegian business persons
21st-century Norwegian politicians
21st-century Norwegian women politicians
Government ministers of Norway
Women government ministers of Norway
People from Bindal
Jared Friedman (born 1984) is an American entrepreneur and angel investor.  They are a partner at Y Combinator in San Francisco, where they invest in and helps startups. Previously, Jared was the co-founder and CTO at Scribd, a digital library and document-sharing platform, which has 80 million users.
Scribd
Friedman co-founded Scribd with fellow Harvard University student Trip Adler. The pair attended Y Combinator in the summer of 2006, and launched Scribd from a San Francisco apartment in March 2007. In 2008, Scribd ranked as one of the top 20 social media sites according to Comscore. In June 2009, Scribd launched Scribd Store, and shortly thereafter closed a deal with Simon & Schuster to sell ebooks on Scribd. In 2012, the company became profitable.
In October 2013, Scribd launched a subscription ebook service, and signed a deal with HarperCollins to make their backlist books available on Scribd. Scribd currently has more than 300,000 titles from 1,000 publishers in its book subscription service.
As CTO, Friedman led one of the earliest and largest site-wide transitions of Adobe Flash to HTML5. Friedman was also notably opposed to the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), and was quoted in Bloomberg, The Washington Post, VentureBeat, ArsTechnica, TechCrunch, and Fox News. In protest to the bill, Scribd pulled its entire database—over 1,000,000,000 documents—from the internet on January 18, 2012 for one day. Three days later, SOPA was postponed, which press outlets reported as the "death" of the bill.
Angel investor
Friedman is also an angel investor. Their investments and advisory positions include: Parse (company), Swiftype, Creative Market, Vayable, MuckerLab, FundersClub, Goldbelly, Instacart, JamLegend, Rickshaw, Madison Reed, Marco Polo, Colourlovers, Copyin, and Appszoom.
Friedman became the 16th full-time partner at Y Combinator in October 2015.
Honors
Named to TIME's list of tech pioneers of 2010
References
External links
Jared Friedman on Twitter
American investors
American chief technology officers
Harvard University alumni
Angel investors
American technology company founders
1984 births
Living people
Y Combinator people
Zhabdrung (also Shabdrung; ; "before the feet of ones submit") was a title used when referring to or addressing great lamas in Tibet, particularly those who held a hereditary lineage. In Bhutan the title almost always refers to Ngawang Namgyal (1594–1651), the founder of the Bhutanese state, or one of their successive reincarnations.
Ngawang Namgyal
The lineage traces through the founder of the country, Ngawang Namgyal, a high Drukpa Lineage lama from Tibet who was the first to unify the warring valley kingdoms under a single rule.  They are revered as the third most important figure behind Padmasambhava and Shakyamuni Buddha by the Drukpa Lineage of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.
Ngawang Namgyal established the dual system of government under the "Great Tsa Yig" legal code. Under this system, political power was vested in an administrative leader, the Druk Desi, assisted by a collection of local governors or ministers called penlops. A religious leader, the Je Khenpo, held power over monastic affairs. Successive incarnations of the Zhabdrung were to have ultimate authority over both spheres.
However, after the death of Ngawang Namgyal in 1651, power effectively passed to the penlops instead of to a successor Zhabdrung. In order to forestall a dynastic struggle and a return to warlordism, they conspired to keep the death of the Zhabdrung secret for 54 years. During this time they issued orders in their name, explaining that they were on an extended silent retreat.
The passing of the 1st Zhabdrung is modernly celebrated as a Bhutanese national holiday, falling on the 3rd. month, 10th day of the Bhutanese calendar.
Successor Zhabdrungs
Eventually, the ruling authorities in Bhutan were faced with the problem of succession. To neutralize the power of future Zhabdrung incarnations, the Druk Desi, Je Khenpo and penlops conspired to recognize not a single person but rather as three separate persons — a body incarnation (Ku tulku), a mind incarnation (Thu tulku or Thugtrul), and a speech incarnation (Sung tulku or Sungtrul). In spite of their efforts to consolidate the power established by the original Zhabdrung, the country sank into warring factionalism for the next 200 years. The body incarnation lineage died out in the mid-18th century, while the mind and speech incarnations of the Zhabdrung continued into the 20th century. The mind incarnation was the one generally recognized as the Zhabdrung.
Besides the mind incarnation, there was also a line of claimants for the speech incarnation. At the time the monarchy was founded in 1907, Choley Yeshe Ngodub (or Chogley Yeshey Ngodrup) was the speech incarnation and also served as the last Druk Desi. After their death in 1917, they were succeeded by Chogley Jigme Tenzin (1919–1949). The next claimant, unrecognized by the Bhutan government, lived at Tawang monastery in India and was evacuated to the western Himalayas during the 1962 Sino-Indian War.
Another line of claimants to be mind incarnations of Ngawang Namgyal existed in Tibet, and is now represented by Namkhai Norbu, who resides in Italy.
Principal reincarnation lineages
Zhabdrung Thuktrul
"Mind" reincarnations of the Zhabdrung.
Zhabdrung Sungtrul
"Speech" reincarnations of the Zhabdrung.
7.
1986-
Passang Wangdi
Born Thimphu above Tashichhodzong
Zhabdrung deposed and exiled
In 1907, in an effort to reform the dysfunctional system, the penlops orchestrated the establishment of a Bhutanese monarchy with Ugyen Wangchuck, the penlop of Trongsa installed as hereditary king, with the support of Britain and against the wishes of Tibet. The royal family suffered from questions of legitimacy in its early years, with the reincarnations of the various Zhabdrungs posing a threat. According to one Drukpa source, the Zhabdrung's brother Chhoki Gyeltshen (who had been to India) challenged the 1926 accession of King Jigme Wangchuck. They were rumored to have met with Mahatma Gandhi to garner support for the Zhabdrung against the king. The 7th Zhabdrung, Jigme Dorji was then "retired" to Talo Monastery and died in 1931, under rumors of assassination. They were the last Zhabdrung recognized by Bhutan; subsequent claimants to the incarnation have not been recognized by the government.
In 1962, Jigme Ngawang Namgyal (known as Zhabdrung Rinpoche to their followers) fled Bhutan for India where they spent the remainder of their life. Up until 2002, Bhutanese pilgrims were able to journey to Kalimpong, just south of Bhutan, to visit him. On April 5, 2003, the Zhabdrung died. Some of their followers claim they were poisoned, while the Bhutanese national newspaper, Kuensel, took pains to explain they died after an extended bout with cancer.
Their successor jigme jigdrel namgyel, was born in 2003.
References
External links
State religion in Bhutan
Buddhism in Bhutan
Tibetan Buddhist titles
Tibetan Buddhists from Bhutan
Bhutanese lamas
Bhutanese Buddhist monks
Drukpa Kagyu lamas
Bhutan history-related lists
Nowabad (, also Romanized as Nowābād) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 298, in 80 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The/APG-67 is a multi-mode all-digital X band coherent pulse doppler radar originally developed by General Electric for the Northrop F-20 Tigershark program of the early 1980s. It offers a variety of air-to-air, air-to-ground, sea-search and mapping modes, and compatibility with most weapons used by the US Air Force in the 1980s.
When the F-20 project ended in the mid-1980s and no other U.S. sales were immediately forthcoming, GE sold off its radar division. It eventually became part of Lockheed Martin, which sells the APG-67 for use on light fighters and trainer aircraft. It has been selected for the AIDC F-CK-1 Ching-kuo of Taiwan, and the Korean FA-50 fighter variant of the T-50 Golden Eagle.
Description
The APG-67 is a modern radar featuring a planar phased array antenna and simplified electronics housed in three line-replaceable units, one of these being the radar "dish" itself. The entire system weighs less than 160 lb and takes up less than 1.9 cubic feet. All communications with the cockpit is handled using the MIL-STD-1553 data bus; the data bus allows the data from any of the aircraft's sensors to be shown on any of the in-cockpit displays, or sent to other aircraft using a data link.
The system broadcasts an average power of 396 watts, allowing it to detect fighter-sized targets at up to 40 nm (75 km) in tracking modes, and up to 80 nm (150 km) in velocity search. In the air-to-air mode it offers long-range velocity search, track-while-scan with up to ten tracked targets, and a variety of single-target-track and auto-lockon "dogfight" modes. It has a variety of pulse repetition frequencies that are automatically selected depending on whether or not the antenna is looking up or down.
The APG-67 also includes a variety of air-to-ground modes including real beam ground mapping, synthetic aperture radar imaging (SAR) and beacon tracking. It can also search for moving targets on the ground, and offers tracking modes for ground targets similar to those for air-to-air use. These modes can also be used for sea-surface-search, in which case the display is de-cluttered to remove waves. The SAR mode is an optional add-on to the basic system.
History
For many years Northrop had worked with Emerson Electric to provide a series of radars for their F-5 series. The original F-5A/B was designed as a light strike aircraft and had only a rudimentary ranging radar for the gunsight, and very little room in the nose for anything else. When the F-5 airframe was adapted into the F-5E/F for the air-to-air role, Emerson designed the/APQ-153 to fit into the extremely limited space in the F-5's nose. The small space and severe weight limitations meant that the APQ-153 could offer only the most basic features, including basic single-target-track and a scanning mode with a range about 10 nm. A further upgrade produced the/APQ-159, which offered longer range of about 20 nmi, as well as offering a number of practical improvements like wider scanning angles and improved reliability.
When Northrop started work on the latest member of the F-5 family, then known as the F-5G, Emerson was initially selected to produce a version of the APQ-159 with the capability of firing the AIM-7 Sparrow missile at beyond visual range. However, as the project was repeatedly re-positioned during the late 1970s, Northrop developed the requirement for a much more capable design, able to support both air-to-air and air-to-ground modes like the radars being used in modern designs like the F-16 Fighting Falcon. Emerson's earlier designs were all analog systems so they were not a "shoe in" for the digital system Northrop was looking for, and they threw open the competition to anyone with a suitable design. Several proposals were returned, and General Electric eventually won the contract.
References
Military radars of the United States
Aircraft radars
General Electric radars
Caleb "Kay" Olliff (9 February 1883 – 21 May 1961) was a New Zealand cricketer who played first-class cricket for Auckland from 1903 to 1913 and represented New Zealand in the days before New Zealand played Test cricket. In a Plunket Shield match in 1913 they took a hat-trick and at one stage took nine wickets for three runs.
Career
Olliff was a leg-spinner, "a little man with a big break, who did amazing things with the ball on a sticky wicket, to the utter confusion of even the most experienced batsmen of the day". They made their first-class debut for Auckland on Christmas Day 1903, taking 3 for 45 and 4 for 35 against Wellington. After batting down the order in their first match, they opened the batting in their second, and scored 52 (the top score in the match) and 32.
They played most of Auckland's matches over the next few seasons. Their most successful season came in 1909-10, when they were the leading New Zealand wicket-taker with 23 wickets at an average of 19.47 and Auckland won all three of their Plunket Shield matches. They played for New Zealand in the first of the two matches against Australia at the end of the season, taking three wickets, but was replaced by the Canterbury spinner Don Sandman for the second match.
In their only match in 1911-12 Olliff took 11 wickets (6 for 37 and 5 for 67) in a two-wicket victory over Canterbury. In their last season, 1912–13, they once again led the first-class wicket-takers, with 19 at 13.10. Against Wellington they took 6 for 62 and 7 for 42. They finished the first innings with a hat-trick, then began Wellington's second innings by taking the first six wickets at a cost of three runs, giving them nine consecutive wickets for three runs. "A collection among the crowd realised £5, and a silver inkstand was presented to Olliff. A well-known ex-player also presented the bowler with an order on a local firm of mercers for a hat, with a stipulation it must be a belltopper."
Illness in 1913 compelled them to give up playing cricket. A benefit match was held for them in January 1914 between Auckland and the New Zealand Nomads, a team of country cricketers from the North Island.
See also
List of Auckland representative cricketers
References
External links
Caleb Olliff at CricketArchive
Caleb Olliff at Cricinfo
1883 births
1961 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Auckland cricketers
Cricketers from Auckland
North Island cricketers
Pre-1930 New Zealand representative cricketers
The 1950 Victorian state election was held in the Australian state of Victoria on Saturday 13 May 1950 to elect 65 members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
Background
The previous state election in May 1947 had resulted in the Liberal–Country coalition led by Thomas Hollway winning by a substantial majority. In late 1948, Country leader and Deputy Premier John McDonald criticised Hollway over their "lack of strength" in dealing with a long-running transport strike, and their conciliatory negotiations with the transport unions. Hollway responded by sacking McDonald as their deputy and dissolving the coalition. The Country Party became the official opposition (with three seats more than Labor in the assembly). Hollway formed a minority Liberal government, convincing four Country Party assembly members (Guye, Hedditch, Hipworth and Mibus) to defect to their party, which they provocatively renamed the Liberal and Country Party.
Despite lacking a majority, Hollway's government survived for nearly a year due to the support of two Country members (Bennett and Hyland) and the casting vote of the Speaker, Sir Thomas Maltby, in vital divisions. In February 1950, the LCP voted to expel two members of the parliamentary party—Fred Edmunds and John Lechte—for disloyalty, reducing the government's members to 30. On 12 April, the Governor of Victoria, Sir Dallas Brooks, summoned McDonald and Labor leader John Cain to gain their assurance that they would not form a joint ministry. Hollway was then summoned, and agreeing that the house had become unworkable and that there was no chance of the LCP and Country Party reconciling, was granted a dissolution of the assembly.
Labor had lost the seat of Geelong to the Liberals in a 1948 by-election following the death of Fanny Brownbill.
Former Premier and member for Korong, Sir Albert Dunstan, died suddenly on 14 April, the day after the dissolution of the Legislative Assembly and the issue of the election writs. Due to the proximity of the general election, no by-election was held for their seat.
Results
Legislative Assembly
|}
Aftermath
With the coalition between the Country Party and the Liberal and Country Party dissolved in the previous term, Hollway's LCP government's loss of six seats put it in a precarious situation—even further into minority although still holding more seats than each of Labor and the Country Party—so Hollway was expected to hold onto government.
Negotiations between the CP and LCP continued into June, with the LCP proposing to offer Country leader John McDonald the role of Speaker, and cabinet positions to Country Party MPs in a "composite" government. On 16 June, Hollway announced their new cabinet, with new ministers Les Norman and John Don being sworn in by the governor on 19 June to replace ministers who had resigned or lost their seats, although by this point it was clear that Hollway's government would be defeated on the floor of the Legislative Assembly in a no-confidence motion, which was all but confirmed when the state Labor caucus decided to support the Country Party over Hollway's government.
On 22 June, McDonald gave notice of their intention to raise a motion of no-confidence against Hollway's government, which they did. Debate continued for 17 hours until 4am on 23 June, when the Labor and Country parties combined to carry the no-confidence motion. Hollway resigned their commission as premier, after the governor, Sir Dallas Brooks, refused their request to dissolve the assembly and call a fresh election. Brooks then commissioned McDonald to form a government with only 13 seats in the assembly, but with the promise of support from the Labor Party on confidence and supply.
See also
Candidates of the 1950 Victorian state election
1949 Victorian Legislative Council election
References
1950 elections in Australia
Elections in Victoria (Australia)
1950s in Victoria (Australia)
May 1950 events in Australia
Margot Grahame (born Margaret Clark; 20 February 1911 – 1 January 1982) was an English actor most noted for starring in The Informer (1935) and The Three Musketeers (1935). They started acting in 1930 and made their last screen appearance in 1958.
Film actor
They were born Margaret Clark in Canterbury, Kent. Them family went to South Africa when they were three years old, which led to them being educated there. They began their stage career in Pretoria, with Dennis Neilson-Terry, a few weeks after leaving school at the age of 14. They made their London stage debut in 1927 as understudy to Mary Glynne in The Terror. Them screen debut was in the 1930 film Rookery Nook.
During the early 1930s, Grahame was gradually becoming a popular actor in Britain. Hollywood producers were impressed that, in only three years, they had appeared in 42 major roles in British films. After they went to America, they were signed to a long-term contract with RKO and performed in a number of movies from the mid-1930s to the late 1950s.
They appeared as the prostitute girlfriend of Gypo Nolan in John Ford's The Informer (1935). They followed this performance with a role as Milady de Winter in The Three Musketeers (1935). They were reunited with Walter Abel, their leading man in The Three Musketeers, a dozen years later in The Fabulous Joe (1947), which was produced by Bebe Daniels. As the character Emily Terkle, Grahame was appearing in their first film since The Buccaneer (1938). Starring opposite Fredric March, Grahame faced the challenge of playing the love interest rather than a siren. They appeared in The Romantic Age in 1949.
Them last films were made in the 1950s and included I'll Get You for This (1951), The Crimson Pirate (1952), The Beggar's Opera (1953), Orders Are Orders (1954) and Saint Joan (1957). They also appeared in "The Sweater" (1958), an episode of The New Adventures of Charlie Chan (1958).
Personal life
Grahame moved into a home in the Hollywood Hills after their separation from British actor Francis Lister in 1935. They married Canadian millionaire Allen McMartin in 1938. They divorced in 1946. In 1948, Grahame began a relationship with the British literary agent A. D. Peters that continued until their death in 1973.
In their later years, they were reportedly "full of bitter regret and resentment" at, amongst other things, the fact that Peters had never married them
Death
In their old age, Grahame was "bloated" and had their hair coloured, in their own words, "'red as flaming fires of hell'". Them housekeeper at the time of their death was Lily (née Budge), wife of the impoverished 13th Earl of Galloway. Margot Grahame died in London on New Year's Day of 1982, aged 70, from chronic bronchitis. They had no survivors and was cremated.
Partial filmography
Rookery Nook (1930) - Clara Popkiss
Compromising Daphne (1930) - Muriel
The Love Habit (1931) - Julie Bubois
Uneasy Virtue (1931) - Stella Tolhurst
Glamour (1931) - Lady Betty Enfield
The Rosary (1931) - Mary Edwards
Creeping Shadows (1931) - Gloria Paget
The Innocents of Chicago (1932) - Lil
Stamboul (1932) - Countess Elsa Talven
Illegal (1932) - Dorothy Turner
Forging Ahead (1933) - Crystal Grey
Timbuctoo (1933) - Elizabeth
Yes, Mr Brown (1933) - Clary Baumann
Prince of Arcadia (1933) - Mirana
I Adore You (1933) - Margot Grahame
Sorrell and Son (1933) - Mrs. Dora Sorrell
House of Dreams (1933)
Without You (1934) - Margot Gilbey
The Broken Melody (1934) - Simone St. Cloud
Easy Money (1934)
Falling in Love (1935) - June Desmond
The Informer (1935) - Katie Madden
The Arizonian (1935) - Kitty Rivers
The Three Musketeers (1935) - Milady de Winter
Two in the Dark (1936) - Marie Smith
Counterfeit (1936) - Aimee Maxwell
Crime Over London (1936) - Pearl - Gang-Moll
Make Way for a Lady (1936) - Valerie Broughton
Night Waitress (1936) - Helen Roberts
Criminal Lawyer (1937) - Madge Carter
The Soldier and the Lady (1937) - Zangarra
Fight for Your Lady (1937) - Marcia Trent
The Buccaneer (1938) - Annette de Remy
The Hal Roach Comedy Carnival (1947) - Emily Terkle, in 'Fabulous Joe'
The Fabulous Joe (1947) - Emily Terkel
Forever Amber (1947) - Bess (scenes deleted)
Broken Journey (1948) - Joanna Dane
Black Magic (1949) - Mme. du Barry
The Romantic Age (1949) - Helen Dickson
I'll Get You for This (1951) - Mrs. Langley (uncredited)
The Crimson Pirate (1952) - Bianca
Venetian Bird (1952) - Rosa Melitus
The Beggar's Opera (1953) - The Actress
Orders Are Orders (1954) - Wanda Sinclair
Saint Joan (1957) - Duchesse de la Tremouille
References
"Margot Grahame Dislikes Depot Change; Cecil B. Demille Talks About Buccaneer." Albuquerque Journal, 24 January 1938, p. 8.
"Bebe Daniels Set To Produce Movie." Charleston Gazette. 16 July 1946, p. 11.
"Margot Grahame Agrees That Luckies Are The Gentlest on the Throat." Connellsville Daily Courier, 9 March 1937, Page 3.
"Spring Styles Call For Much Warmer Hues-Margot Grahame." Dunkirk Evening Observer, 11 March 1937, p. 11.
"In England They Call Margot Grahame Second Jean Harlow." Lowell Sun, 28 May 1935, p. 54.
"Sign of Separation." Lowell Sun, 2 November 1935, p. 45.
External links
Margot Grahame at Virtual History
1911 births
1982 deaths
English film actores
English television actores
People from Canterbury
Actresses from Kent
20th-century English actores
British expatriates in South Africa
Montague Alfred Holbein (11 August 1861, in Twickenham – 1 July 1944) was a British champion cyclist and swimmer.  They are most known for their second place in the inaugural 1891 Bordeaux-Paris, that was won by their countryman George Pilkington Mills and for several attempts in the early 1900s to cross the English Channel swimming.
Cycling
In the early days of competitive cycling Holbein was one of the absolute stars of the then dominant British cycling scene. A good example of the dominance of British cycling in those days was the 1891 Bordeaux-Paris, that saw the Brits take the first four places, Holbein ranking second. Their specialty was in long endurances races, which is shown by their victories in 24 hour races on the Great North Road and in the Cuca Cocoa Cup on the Herne Hill Velodrome. In total Holbein established 32 British cycling records. Nowadays more known is their second place in the inaugural Bordeaux-Paris, where a group of 4 British cyclists dominated the race.
Results
1888
1st Catford Cycle Club 12 hours
1st Great North Road 24 hours
1889
1st Great North Road 24 hours
1st North Road 50 miles
1890
1st Great North Road 24 hours
1891
1st Herne Hill 24 hours record
2nd Bordeaux - Paris
1892
London to York tandem tricycle record (with Frank Shorland)
Swimming
Montague Holbein broke several swimming records on the Thames. In 1899 they set a record of 43 miles and in 1908 they covered an incredible uninterrupted 50 miles. Holbein also made several attempts, ultimately all unsuccessful, to swim across the English Channel.
1901 Attempt
In 1901, they tried to swim from France but was pulled out four miles from Dover. After their English Channel attempt, their eyes were so badly damaged from the salt water that they were unable to see for four days.
1902 Attempts
On 1 August 1902, they failed again due to a tidal flow, heavy seas and a strong headwind, again four miles from Ramsgate. According to the accounts at the time, they swam for 4 hours 45 minutes and covered a distance of 18 miles, "the exact distance between the nearest points on the French and English shores".
Holbein was covered with oil and wore a mask. The mask was composed of American sticker's plaster with glass let in enable them to see, and effectually preserve their eyes from injury.
They started their 1902 Channel crossing doing breaststroke at 25 strokes per minute, but then switched to backstroke at a 20 stroke-per-minute pace. Due to the turbulence in the Channel, their support crew got seasick and some returned to shore.
During their attempt, they ate beef essence in liquid form and sandwiches, but was eventually pulled out when they could not make any headway against the tides.
On 27 August 1902, Holbein started their third attempt of the English Channel from France to Dover in 63 degree F water. However, they were taken out of the water within a mile of Dover after an attempt of 22 hours 21 minutes. Their crew used two powerful acetylene lamps to follow them through the night as they started at 3:20 pm. They did not repeat any attempts thereafter.
They once swam 43 miles in the Solent.
References
External links
Montague A. Holbein's profile on Cycling Ranking
Montague A. Holbein's profile on Cycling Archives
British male swimmers
Ultra-distance cyclists
1861 births
1944 deaths
English male cyclists
Robert C. McNair (January 1, 1937 – November 23, 2018) was an American business person, philanthropist, and the owner of a National Football League team, the Houston Texans.
Early life and education
McNair grew up in Forest City, North Carolina, a town of about 7,500 in the foothills of western North Carolina. They graduated from the University of South Carolina in Columbia, where they were initiated into the Sigma Chi Fraternity. They graduated in 1958 with a Bachelor of Science degree. Their wife, Janice, attended nearby Columbia College.
Professional career
The McNairs were residents of Houston, Texas beginning in 1960. They spent most of their 20s and 30s as a struggling salesperson and unsuccessful entrepreneur whose businesses all failed. They eventually broke through to success when they founded the cogeneration company Cogen Technologies in 1984, which they sold in 1999 to Enron. At the time of their death, McNair retained ownership of power plants in New York and West Virginia. McNair served as chairperson and chief executive officer of The McNair Group, a financial and real estate firm that is headquartered in Houston, Texas, and as the owner of Palmetto Partners, Ltd., a private investment company that manages the McNairs' public and private equity investments. In June 2000, McNair formed a biotechnology investment firm, Cogene Biotech Ventures, where they served as company chairperson.
They were rumored to be interested in buying a soccer club in the United Kingdom, and twice went to visit St Andrews, home of Championship team, Birmingham City F.C., who were up for sale at the time. On January 3, 2014, a consortium headed by McNair made a bid to purchase Reading F.C. of the Championship, but were unsuccessful.
According to Forbes, they had a net worth of $3.8 billion in November 2017.
Houston Texans owner
Committed to bringing the NFL back to the city of Houston after the Oilers left the city to become the Tennessee Titans in 1996, McNair formed Houston NFL Holdings in 1998. On October 6, 1999, the NFL announced that the 32nd NFL franchise had been awarded to McNair. This team would become the Houston Texans, who began play in 2002. They won their first AFC South title in 2011, en route to four titles in six seasons. McNair was influential in bringing Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl LI to Houston's NRG Stadium in 2004 and 2017, respectively.
On October 29, 2017, in a game against the Seattle Seahawks, the majority of the Texans' players kneeled during the national anthem after McNair had commented about having the "inmates running the prison" during a league owner meeting regarding the ongoing protests by NFL players during the anthem. McNair apologized, stating that they were not referring to the players, but rather to the "relationship between the league office and team owners." It was the first time a Texans player had knelt during the anthem.
Public service and recognition
Robert McNair was a member of the Texas Business Hall of Fame and was a current or past member of the boards of trustees of a number of institutions including Rice University, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston Grand Opera, the Museum of Fine Arts, the Center for the American Idea, and other Houston area organizations. On September 12, 2007, McNair gave $100 million to Baylor College of Medicine to recruit top scientists and physicians. They were a recipient of the Anti-Defamation League's Torch of Liberty Award. McNair is a primary backer of Sigma Chi's Horizons leadership institute. McNair donated over $1 million towards the completion of McNair Field, which hosts their hometown Forest City Owls, a collegiate summer wooden bat team in the Coastal Plain League. McNair threw out the first pitch in the stadium's opening night (May 29, 2008), and the Owls beat the Gastonia Grizzlies, 4–2. In 1998, the McNairs established the McNair Scholar Program at the University of South Carolina. In 1999 Robert McNair received an honorary doctor of humane letters degree from the university.
Robert and Janice McNair Foundation
The Robert and Janice McNair Foundation, established in 2015, provides gifts to create centers for entrepreneurship at universities throughout the United States. In September 2016 the foundation had established entrepreneurship teaching centers at Columbia College, Northwood University, Houston Baptist University, the University of St. Thomas, and the University of South Carolina, as we well as a research center at Rice University's Baker Institute.
Robert and Janice McNair Educational Foundation
In 1989, they and their wife established the Robert and Janice McNair Educational Foundation. The goal of the foundation was to remove some of the financial barriers that were preventing Rutherford County High school graduates from attending college. The first beneficiaries were the class of 1990. To date, the McNair foundation has awarded approximately $2.6 million in financial aid.
Political contributions
According to one tally, McNair was Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's largest donor from the period from January 1, 2009, to September 30, 2015, contributing $1,502,500. They also donated to several other Republican Party candidates. In 2015, they donated $10,000 to a group working to repeal a citywide equal rights ordinance in Houston. After being criticized, McNair withdrew the donation.
Personal life and death
McNair and their wife Janice had four children together: sons Cal and Cary, and daughters Ruth and Melissa.
McNair died on November 23, 2018. They had been diagnosed with skin cancer in 1994 and had been in treatment for various cancers throughout that span, and had largely withdrawn from the team's operations in the last months of their life. McNair's wife Janice became principal owner of the Texans, and represents the team in owners meetings. Their son Cal McNair became president and CEO, and handles day-to-day operations for the franchise.
References
External links
Houston Texans bio
Robert McNair at Forbes.com
1937 births
2018 deaths
American billionaires
Businesspeople from Houston
American financial company founders
American racehorse owners and breeders
Houston Texans executives
University of South Carolina alumni
Businesspeople from Tampa, Florida
People from Forest City, North Carolina
American chairpersons of corporations
American chief executives
Texas Republicans
20th-century American businesspeople
Houston Texans owners
Jan Knobelauch Hansen (born 15 July 1971) is a male athlete from Denmark. They compete in triathlon.
Hansen competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took forty-fourth place with a total time of 1:55:42.06.
References
sports-reference
Danish male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Denmark
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
1971 births
Living people
Duathletes
Place of birth missing (living people)
Caitlin Elizabeth Joelle Meyer (born February 29, 1992) is an American actor. They have won two Young Artist Awards for their performances.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
CaitlinEJMeyer.com
1992 births
Living people
American child actores
American film actores
American television actores
American stage actores
Actresses from Salt Lake City
Latter Day Saints from Utah
American people of English descent
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Derek Potteiger (born 6 January 1980 in the United States) is an American retired soccer player.
References
Association football midfielders
American soccer players
Living people
1980 births
Christiaan Herbert "Chris" Hinze (born June 30, 1938, Hilversum, Netherlands) is a Dutch jazz and New age flautist.
Hinze initially performed publicly as a pianist until the mid-1960s, when they began studying flute at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague and then at Berklee College of Music. As a pianist, they played with Boy Edgar until 1966, but by 1967 was playing flute professionally with the bassist Dick van der Capellen. Their first releases as a leader were issued in 1969, and in 1970, Hinze was awarded the Best Soloist prize at the Montreux Jazz Festival. In the 1970s, they formed their own ensemble, the Chris Hinze Combination, which included players such as Gerry Brown and John Lee, and which saw some success with arrangements of Baroque music in a jazz setting. They also founded the record label Keytone Records in the mid-1970s.
In the 1980s, Hinze played for several years in a duo with Sigi Schwab and continued touring with a new version of their Combination. They began studying the music of Tibet and South Asia in the middle of the decade, forming a world music ensemble which shifted toward more New age and electronic music styles rather than jazz.
Discography
As leader
Telemann My Way (CBS, 1969)
Vivat Vivaldi! (CBS, 1970)
Stoned Flute (CBS, 1970)
Live at Montreux (CBS, 1971)
Virgin Sacrifice (CBS, 1972)
Who Can See the Shadow of the Sun (CBS, 1972)
Hinze Plays Bacharach (CBS, 1973)
Mission Suite (MPS/BASF, 1973)
Sketches On Bach (CBS, 1974)
Sister Slick (CBS, 1974)
Variations On Bach (CBS, 1976)
Bamboo Magic (Atlantic, 1978)
Wide and Blue (Musicians, 1978)
Summer Dance Live at Montreux Vol. II (Keytone, 1978)
Impressies (CBS, 1979)
Live at the Northsea Jazz Festival (Keytone, 1980)
Flute and Mantras (Keytone, 1980)
Barocco Con Fuoco (Ariola, 1981)
Bamboo Reggae (Keytone, 1981)
Backstage (Melosmusik, 1982)
India Chintan (Keytone, 1983)
Mirror of Dreams (Keytone, 1983)
New Age Meditation Flute and Mantras Vol. 2 (Keytone, 1984)
Saliah (Keytone, 1984)
Meditation and Mantras (Keytone, 1986)
Nazali (Keytone, 1986)
Chelsea Bridge (Keytone, 1987)
The Hunter (CBS, 1987)
Inner Reflections (Keytone, 1989)
China Dream (Keytone, 1990)
African Dream (Keytone, 1991)
Music for Relaxation (Keytone, 1992)
Passage (Keytone, 1992)
Princess of the Sea (Keytone, 1993)
Tibet Impressions Featuring Tsurphu Home of the Karmapas (Keytone, 1994)
Namaskar (Keytone, 1994)
Senang (Keytone, 1996)
Highlights (Keytone, 1996)
Tibet Impressions Volume II (Music Tibet, 1997)
Zen Silence (Keytone, 1998)
Zen & the Art of Dance and Meditation (Keytone, 1998)
Peaceful Mind - Music For Inner Balance (MasterTone, 1998)
Power of Mind (MasterTone, 1999)
Akar Akar (Keytone, 2002)
Live in Concert (Keytone, 2008)
As sideman
Rob de Nijs, Chansons (EMI, 2008)
Joachim Kuhn & Sigi Schwab, Solo's and Duo's (Keytone, 1981)
John Lee & Gerry Brown, Infinite Jones (Keytone, 1974)
Charlie Mariano, Charlie Mariano with the Chris Hinze Combination (Intercord, 1973)
Charlie Mariano, Cascade (Keytone, 1974)
Sigi Schwab, Guitarissimo (Nature, 1978)
Sigi Schwab, Total Musik (Keytone, 1982)
Sigi Schwab, Solo's Duo's and Trio's (Keytone, 1982)
Zbigniew Seifert, Zbigniew Seifert (Capitol, 1977)
Sly & Robbie, Hot Dub (Keytone, 1984)
Jeremy Steig & James Moody, Flute Summit (Atlantic, 1973)
Toots Thielemans & Philip Catherine, Toots Thielemans/Philip Catherine & Friends (Keytone, 1974)
Toots Thielemans & Philip Catherine, Two Generations (Limetree, 1996)
Rick van der Linden, Solo (Keytone, 1981)
Louis van Dyke & Thijs van Leer, Metamorphose (CBS, 1972)
Laurens van Rooyen, Silly Symphony (CBS, 1979)
References
Bibliography
Wim van Eyle, "Chris Hinze". The New Grove Dictionary of Jazz. 2nd edition, ed. Barry Kernfeld.
1938 births
Living people
Dutch jazz flautists
People from Hilversum
Moms 4 Housing is a housing activist group in Oakland, California. It was formed and received national attention after three formerly homeless Black women moved their families into a vacant three-bedroom house as squatters without the permission of the owner, a real estate redevelopment company. The publicity of their occupation highlighted issues of homelessness, affordable housing, gentrification, and human rights. In January 2020, after resisting a judge's order to leave the residence, "the moms" were forcibly but peaceably arrested and removed by a heavily armed sheriff's department. A few days later, the governor and the mayor brokered a deal with Moms 4 Housing for a local community land trust to purchase what was come to be called the "Mom's House" from the owner. After refurbishing the embattled house, the group began to use it as a transitional home for homeless mothers. The actions of Moms 4 Housing inspired California lawmakers to make changes to housing laws statewide.
Occupation of the Mom's House
Background
In August 2019, Wedgewood Properties, a southern California real estate redevelopment firm, purchased the vacant three-bedroom house at 2928 Magnolia Drive in Oakland, California for $501,078 at a foreclosure auction. The company's business model is to buy, repair, and quickly flip homes, and NBC News reported that "Wedgewood rarely holds onto homes for long". The San Francisco Chronicle called Wedgewood "one of Oakland's most prolific house flippers".
Bloomberg calculated that to afford to rent a 2-bedroom house in the same zip code in January 2020, a renter would need to be earning at least $86,920 per year. On average, Black women in the SF Bay Area earn $49,369 and Latinas earn $39,600, making home ownership and even rental housing unaffordable.
Occupation and court battle
The occupation was a planned act of civil disobedience against house flipping and gentrification, not a spontaneous act of trespassing. Oakland City Councilmember Carroll Fife, at the time a community organizer, was "one of the masterminds" of the project. According to Fife, “I remember I said, Look, y'all, I don't have any homes. I don't have any networks of people who can rent to y'all. I don't have anything. But if you trust me at the end of this, you'll have a place to stay”.
On November 18, 2019, Dominique Walker, a longtime community activist, and two other formerly homeless women entered the residence, later to be called "The Moms' House" as squatters. Walker, at the time, was the mother of a 1-year-old and a 4-year-old. The moms moved in their children, started to clean and to repair the property, brought in appliances, and began to pay the utility bills.
On December 30, 2020, Alameda County Superior Court Judge Patrick R. McKinney heard oral arguments regarding Wedgewood's legal action to evict the residents. Walker's attorneys argued that housing is a human right, and their clients' constitutional rights would be violated by an eviction.
On January 10, 2020, McKinney ordered Dominique Walker to vacate the property within five days, ruling that they had no valid rights of possession to the property and that while the social issues raised by Walker are important, they were outside the scope of the proceeding.
Attorney Leah Simon-Weisberg represented Walker and said they aren't surprised by the ruling: “We understand that the court's hands are tied because in this country, property rights are valued over human rights.”
Walker responded to the eviction order by saying, "We are here. And we're not leaving" and "Today is not a defeat. This is the beginning of a movement."
Eviction
After negotiations with the Alameda County Sheriff's Office failed to reach a compromise and the five days had elapsed, activists and supporters, about 50 people, assembled in front of the residence on Monday, January 13, 2020. By that evening the crowd had grown to number several hundred.
On January 14, 2020, just before 6am, sheriff's deputies wearing riot gear and camouflage, and armed with AR-15's arrived, along with armored vehicles, including a Bearcat. Some in the crowd taunted the deputies and some threw projectiles at them, according to Sergeant Ray Kelly of the sheriff's office. Using a battering ram against the front door, which deputies said had been barricaded, they entered the residence. The deputies arrested two of the moms and put their furniture out on the street. The two women, along with two men that were arrested for the same misdemeanor charges (resisting arrest and obstruction), were released that afternoon after posting $5,000 bail, raised by a GoFundMe campaign.
Kelly said "our personnel showed tremendous restraint" dealing with the situation which was "not your typical eviction", and was aware that "the whole world was watching". They said those taken into custody refused to cooperate and had asked to be peacefully arrested.
Walker was not arrested, nor present during the eviction as they and Carroll Fife were being interviewed for the news program Democracy Now! as the eviction was happening. The interview ended abruptly after Amy Goodman's question, "Carroll, we just hear that there was a text that says the sheriff is knocking on the door and saying people have to clear out. Is that your understanding, as we're speaking?".
Oakland mayor Libby Schaaf was "shocked" at the degree of force used, commenting, "These are mothers; they're not criminals. They're mothers that have engaged in what I believe is a courageous act of civil disobedience to really highlight our housing crisis".
Remaining permanently in the house was never the goal of the occupation, Walker told the New York Times, "The point was to bring even more awareness to a spiraling housing crisis that is on the verge of tearing the [San Francisco] Bay Area apart."
Reactions
Sam Singer, speaking on behalf of Wedgewood, defended the company's actions, saying, “As it does with all properties, Wedgewood planned to renovate and rehab it as soon as possible and put it back into the housing market, thereby improving the neighborhood, the community, and the city” adding that, “Wedgewood is sympathetic to the plight of the homeless and is a major contributor to shelter programs, inner-city youth, and the disadvantaged. The company hears what the individuals who were illegally squatting at the Magnolia Street home are saying—but it does not respect nor does it condone the theft of property.”
California State Senator Nancy Skinner (D-Berkeley) said “It was totally legitimate for those homeless moms to take over that house”.
Aftermath
On January 20, 2020, a joint press release from the Oakland mayor's office, Wedgewood, and Moms 4 Housing was issued, announcing a "good faith" agreement that the Oakland Community Land Trust would be purchasing the Moms' House for its appraised value. In addition, Wedgewood agreed to give community land trusts the right of first refusal on all the homes it currently owns in Oakland, and on any homes the company might later purchase. According to Vogue magazine, the sale of the house was part of a deal worked out by Schaaf and California Governor Gavin Newsom.
In May 2020, the trust completed the purchase of the embattled Magnolia Street house for $587,500 with donations raised from the group's supporters.
NBC Bay Area produced a 4-part documentary about Moms 4 Housings activism.
Dominique Walker, co-founder of the moms' movement, was elected to the Berkeley Rent Stabilization Board in November 2020.
Related legislation
On January 7, 2020, protesters from Moms 4 Housing interrupted a press conference when California State Senator Scott Weiner, alongside Schaff, Skinner, and other affordable housing proponents, was introducing Senate Bill 50, a piece of legislation that was intended to help address the problem. Some protesters reportedly yelled, “California hates the homeless”, “No more market-rate apartments”, and “Where's the affordable housing?”.
In May 2020, Assemblyman Rob Bonta (D-Oakland) introduced the "Housing is a Human Right Act" to amend the California constitution, but it did not pass.
In September 2020, Newsom signed into law Senate Bill 1079, which had been introduced by Skinner. CBS News reported the legislation was inspired by Moms 4 Housing. The bill prohibits bundled foreclosure sales of residential properties to a single buyer at auction. And if a corporation submits the highest bid at auction, then local governments, non-profits, tenants, and individual buyers have a 45-day window to submit a higher (winning) bid for the property. Additionally, the law gives cities the authority to fine corporate owners as much as $5,000 per day for leaving a property "blighted" for longer than 30 days. Upon their bill becoming law, Skinner said in a statement: "SB 1079 sends a clear message to Wall Street: California homes are not yours to gobble up; we won't tolerate another corporate takeover of housing."
Membership
Moms 4 Housing is an ad hoc collective of homeless and marginally housed Oakland-born women. Two of its founding members, Dominque Walker and Misty Cross, were the moms who first moved in to the Magnolia Street house. Buzzfeed News reported in December 2019 that Tolani King and Jesse Turner were also members of the group.
Vogue magazine reported that Carroll Fife's husband, Tur-Ha Ak, provided security for the group and its supporters during the occupation and demonstrations outside.
In February 2022, the San Francisco Chronicle reported that while Fife had been the group's "lead organizer" during the occupation and protest, they are not running the organization, but that Dominique Walker and other moms are "at the helm".
Mission
As the group argued in court, Moms 4 Housing believes that housing is a human right, and that homes in the community should not remain vacant, owned by corporations, when there are people, especially children, who need housing. The group's "ultimate goal is to reclaim housing for the community from speculators and profiteers", according to its official website in June 2022.
After the sale of the property was completed, the group refurbished it, preparing it to be a transitional home for homeless mothers. Residents who live at Mom's House agree to pay one-third of their income as rent, and can stay for up to two years as they rebuild their credit. During their stay they receive "wraparound" services which include counseling and financial planning. Bry'ana Wallce, along with their 1-year-old son, were the first tenants of Mom's House in December 2021.
As of February 2022, the group was working with Rising Sun Center for Opportunity, an Oakland nonprofit that offers job training programs for women in the construction and building trades, to find suitable tenants. Although only five residents can be housed at Mom's House, the group hopes to acquire additional properties in the future, and to hire the women to help renovate them.
External links
Moms 4 Housing official website
January 14, 2020 Democracy Now! interview with Walker
NBC Bay Area Documentary: The Moms of Magnolia Street on YouTube
Summary of California Senate Bill 1079, "Homes for Homeowners"
References
Movements for civil rights
Oakland, California
American civil rights activists
Housing cooperatives in the United States
Organizations established in 2019
African-American activists
American women activists
Affordable housing advocacy organizations
Affordable housing
Homelessness in the United States
Poverty in the United States
Squatting in the United States
DIY culture
Urban decay
Real property law in the United States
Ricky López (born March 3, 1987) is an American professional boxer who fights in the super bantamweight weight class.
Professional career
On May 9, 2009 López took out the veteran Nick Arellano by K.O. to win their professional debut.
See also
Notable boxing families
References
External links
American boxers of Mexican descent
Boxers from California
Super-bantamweight boxers
1987 births
Living people
American male boxers
Knox County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana in the United States. The oldest county in Indiana, it was one of two original counties created in the Northwest Territory in 1790, alongside, St. Clair County, Illinois. Knox County was gradually reduced in size as subsequent counties were established. It was established in its present configuration when Daviess County was partitioned off (2 February 1818). At the 2010 United States Census, the county population was 38,440. The county seat is Vincennes.
Knox County comprises the Vincennes, IN Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
In 1790, Winthrop Sargent, Secretary of Northwest Territory, organized Knox County, the first in the Northwest Territory. It was named for Major General Henry Knox, who had completed their term as second U.S. Secretary of War the previous September. Knox County was created prior to the formation of the Indiana Territory. When it was created, Knox County extended to Canada and encompassed all or part of the present states of Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, and Ohio. When the Illinois Territory was formed in 1809, the portions of Knox County beyond the Wabash River became Saint Clair County, Illinois.
Many of Knox County townships and lots were surveyed with the French system, which employs non-cardinal compass points. Knox and Clark counties are the only ones laid out in this fashion.
Geography
Knox County lies on the west edge of the state; its western border abuts the eastern border of Illinois across the Wabash River. According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.47%) is land and (or 1.53%) is water. The county's west border is defined by the south-flowing Wabash River, and its east border is defined by the south-southwest-flowing White River. Its southwesternmost point occurs at the confluence of the two rivers, near Mount Carmel, Illinois. The terrain consists of verdant low-rolling hills, largely devoted to agriculture. Its highest points (around 620 feet/189 meters ASL) occur in the hills midway between Bruceville and Bicknell.
Major highways
Adjacent counties
Sullivan County - north
Greene County - northeast
Daviess County - east
Pike County - southeast
Gibson County - south
Wabash County, Illinois - southwest
Lawrence County, Illinois - west
Crawford County, Illinois - northwest
National protected area
George Rogers Clark National Historical Park
Communities
Cities
Bicknell
Vincennes
Towns
Bruceville
Decker
Edwardsport
Monroe City
Oaktown
Sandborn
Wheatland
Census-designated places
Emison
Freelandville
Ragsdale
Westphalia
Unincorporated areas
Beal
Busseron
Fritchton
Indian Creek Settlement
Iona
Little Rock
Orrville
Pond Creek Mills
Purcell
Saint Thomas
Verne
Wagner Station
Willis
Townships
Busseron
Decker
Harrison
Johnson
Palmyra
Steen
Vigo
Vincennes
Washington
Widner
Climate and weather
In recent years, the average temperature in Vincennes has ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls the county's spending and revenue collection. Representatives are elected from county districts to four-year terms. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county. The commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the legislative acts of the County Council, collecting revenue, and managing the county government's functions.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The court judge is elected to a four-year term, and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable, who is elected county-wide to a four-year term. Some court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each is elected county-wide to a four-year term. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Knox County is part of Indiana's 8th congressional district, Indiana Senate districts 39 and 48, and Indiana House of Representatives districts 45 and 64.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 38,440 people, 15,249 households, and 9,725 families in the county. The population density was . There were 17,038 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.9% white, 2.6% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.9% were German, 19.9% were American, 13.0% were Irish, and 9.1% were English.
Of the 15,249 households, 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.2% were non-families, and 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 38.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $51,534. Males had a median income of $40,553 versus $27,201 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,381. About 12.6% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 11.4% of those age 65 or over.
Workforce
In 2005, Knox County had 998 business units and 16,240 jobs. The largest employing industry in the county was education and health services (including both public and private employment) with almost 34 percent of total industry employment. Trade, transportation, and utilities came in second with over 22 percent of total industry employment. Manufacturing showed the most job growth and the largest percentage gain since 2001, increasing 316 jobs or almost 21 percent.
The 2005 all industry earnings average for Knox County was $26,875, up $2,824 or 11.7 percent over the county's 2001 average. The manufacturing industry had the highest average annual earnings at $33,238, increasing $1,695 since 2001. Annual earnings in the information sector increased the most between 2001 and 2005, up $6,518 or 29.7 percent.
The Vincennes area has a diversified economy. In 2005 retail trade was the largest of 20 major sectors. It had an average wage per job of $19,743. Per capita income grew by 17.9% between 1994 and 2004 (adjusted for inflation). While manufacturing accounts for 8.2% of the jobs, the services sector is rapidly growing. Knox County's groundbreaking Pathways Program insures a well-trained, highly motivated labor force. Knox County encompasses an area that attracts approximately 300,000 potential employees within an easy commute. Because of the proximity of the surrounding counties, and ease of access to the Vincennes area, businesses routinely draw from a labor force that lies within a 50-mile radius of their work site.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Knox County, Indiana
Frederick Hinde Zimmerman
References
1790 establishments in the Northwest Territory
Populated places established in 1790
Southwestern Indiana
Jean-Marie Vianney Gatabazi (born 18 August 1968) is a Rwandan politician.  They are the current Minister of Rwanda Local Government since March 2021. They served as the Governor of the Northern Province of Rwanda from August 2017-March 2021, having previously served as Member of Parliament for 12 years.
Early life
Gatabazi was born in Mukarange, Gicumbi District, Northern Province, Rwanda. They attended Mulindi Primary School and EAV Kabutare for secondary studies. They hold a BBA in Management from Kigali Institute of Science and Technology and MBA in Strategic Management from Mount Kenya University.  They are married with four children.
They did advanced courses in disaster management and mass communication at Tsinghua University in China in 2011 and advanced courses in health promotion at the University of Rwanda in 2011.
Career
1990-1993 Head of Agricultural services of the Former Commune Cyungo and former Commune Kiyombe under DRB II in the what is the Northern province today.
They served as head of communication and health promotion in Rwanda Biomedical Center from 2010 to 2013.
Gatabazi has a background in agriculture, and served for 12 years as Member of Parliament for the Rwandan Patriotic Front.
References
External links
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Rwanda)
Living people
1968 births
Rwandan politicians
Provincial governors of Rwanda
In mathematics, the Lyapunov–Schmidt reduction or Lyapunov–Schmidt construction is used to study solutions to nonlinear equations in the case when the implicit function theorem does not work. It permits the reduction of infinite-dimensional equations in Banach spaces to finite-dimensional equations. It is named after Aleksandr Lyapunov and Erhard Schmidt.
Problem setup
Let
be the given nonlinear equation, and are
Banach spaces ( is the parameter space). is the
-map from a neighborhood of some point to
and the equation is satisfied at this point
For the case when the linear operator is invertible, the implicit function theorem assures that there exists
a solution satisfying the equation at least locally close to .
In the opposite case, when the linear operator is non-invertible, the Lyapunov–Schmidt reduction can be applied in the following
way.
Assumptions
One assumes that the operator is a Fredholm operator.
and has finite dimension.
The range of this operator has finite co-dimension and
is a closed subspace in .
Without loss of generality, one can assume that
Lyapunov–Schmidt construction
Let us split into the direct product , where .
Let be the projection operator onto .
Consider also the direct product .
Applying the operators and to the original equation, one obtains the equivalent system
Let and , then the first equation
can be solved with respect to by applying the implicit function theorem to the operator
(now the conditions of the implicit function theorem are fulfilled).
Thus, there exists a unique solution satisfying
Now substituting into the second equation, one obtains the final finite-dimensional equation
Indeed, the last equation is now finite-dimensional, since the range of is finite-dimensional. This equation is now to be solved with respect to , which is finite-dimensional, and parameters :
Applications
Lyapunov–Schmidt reduction has been used in economics, natural sciences, and engineering often in combination with bifurcation theory, perturbation theory, and regularization. LS reduction is often used to rigorously regularize partial differential equation models in chemical engineering resulting in models that are easier to simulate numerically but still retain all the parameters of the original model.
References
Bibliography
Louis Nirenberg, Topics in nonlinear functional analysis, New York Univ. Lecture Notes, 1974.
Aleksandr Lyapunov, Sur les figures d'équilibre peu différents des ellipsoides d'une masse liquide homogène douée d'un mouvement de rotation, Zap. Akad. Nauk St. Petersburg (1906), 1–225.
Aleksandr Lyapunov, Problème général de la stabilité du mouvement, Ann. Fac. Sci. Toulouse 2 (1907), 203–474.
Erhard Schmidt, Zur Theory der linearen und nichtlinearen Integralgleichungen, 3 Teils, Math. Annalen 65 (1908), 370–399.
Functional analysis
Christine Pierre (born 1959) is a Belgian Scrabble player who has won the French World Scrabble Championships five times, equalling the record of Michel Duguet who won the competition five times in the 1980s while Pierre won all five of their titles in the 1990s. When the international Scrabble ratings were updated in July 2007, Pierre was ranked 2nd out of around 21,000 rated players, and the highest ranked Belgian player. Pierre is the current Belgian national champion in French (there's also a championship in Dutch) and has won the national championship 14 times in 22 years. Since 1973 the Belgian national championship has taken place 36 times, Pierre has won about 39% of all the championships.
Notable achievements
Five times World Champion: 1991, 1992, 1994, 1996, 1998
World Champion by pairs (with Jean-Piere Hellebaut): 1991
Belgian national champion 15 times: 1987, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009
See also
Duplicate Scrabble
Francophone Scrabble
Sources
External links
Results list
Belgian Scrabble players
1959 births
Living people
Business Gateway is a Scottish Government resource that offers advice and guidance to startup companies and established companies across Scotland. Business Gateway is the Scottish equivalent of Business Link, aiming to provide free, impartial, and confidential advice to anyone who uses the service.
The Scottish Government funded programme provides free business support to SMEs in Scotland. An extension of the Small Business Gateway (2001), it was introduced in July 2003 and is currently delivered by 12 Lead Local Authorities in Lowland Scotland and 6 in the Highlands and Islands.
Responsibility for management of the Business Gateway contracts was transferred to Local Government from Scottish Enterprise on 1 April 2008. The transfer arrangements made provision for Lead Local Authorities in Lowland Scotland. Where there was more than one Local Authority in the contract area, Local Government was required to nominate a Lead Local Authority to manage the contract. The Business Gateway service was introduced in the Highlands and Islands in September 2009 with service delivery based on the six Local Authority areas there. The 2011 evaluation of Business Gateway, endorsed by the Business Gateway Scotland Board (BGSB) and the Scottish Government, recommended that the Lead Local Authority arrangements be continued for the new Business Gateway contracts from 1 October 2012.
There are three key service areas which together form the core areas which Business Gateway offers across Scotland. Often other services are available and may be subject to local variations depending on markets and Local Authority focus. The core service covers three areas:
Start-Up Advisory Service
The principal components are training workshops and advisory services. The Start-Up Advisory Service covers both pre-start and start-up/early stage support. The advisory services (one-to-one support) focus on higher value start-up businesses which are capable, with the support of Business Gateway, of employing staff. A start-up is a business that has been trading for less than 6 months. The advisor support will help the business achieve their growth objectives and aspirations.
For start-up businesses not expected to employ staff, the support is predominantly through the Business Gateway website, workshops on specific business areas, the Business Gateway Enquiry Service and referrals to other services. Additional local support services may also be available to this group at the discretion of the local provider/Local Authority.
Growth Advisory Service
The principal components are training workshops and advisory services. The Growth Advisory Service is available to businesses with the potential to meet growth thresholds identified by the Local Authority. The Growth Advisory Service makes nominated one-to-one advisor support available to the customer to help them achieve their growth objectives through delivery of an Action Plan for Growth.
Local Services
In addition to the core services outlined above, the Business Gateway Local Services package provides Local Authority designed services which complement but do not duplicate existing Business Gateway national core services. The purpose of this element of the service is to ensure that Business Gateway services are able to:
respond quickly and appropriately to changes in the needs of the local business base; and
accurately reflect the specific pressures felt by local businesses.
These interventions include: Business Gateway recovery/sustainability advisory support; expert help and specialist support; localised bespoke training workshops; and networking events to inequality groups.
Business Gateway providers in Scotland are a mix of contractors and Local Authority in house operations. The service is overseen by a Management Group which is currently (Jan 2018) being restructured and benefits from a national operations unit based in Edinburgh.
References
External links
- official site
Government services web portals in the United Kingdom
Economy of Scotland
A is a mirror sacred in Shinto. Some mirrors are enshrined in the main hall of a shrine as a sacred object of the divine spirit, or are placed in front of the deity in a hall of worship. Mirrors in ancient Japan represented truth because they merely reflected what was shown, and were a source of much mystique and reverence. Japanese folklore is rich in stories of life before mirrors were commonplace.
The Yata no Kagami, one of the Three Sacred Treasures, is also one of the sacred mirrors.
Significance
Spirits are enshrined in divine mirrors as Shintai Mirrors are believed to have been used to reflect sunlight during Sun-Worship creating optical effects
In the Nihon Shoki, Amaterasu tells their grandson, Ninigi-no-Mikoto, "Take this and revere it as if it were myself".
It's believed a mirror helps a believer see a true image of themselves and their devotion and worshipping the divine within themselves
Ancient Chinese theologians believed the soul to be a circular disk, so the usage of a circular mirror was seen as reflecting this
History of divine mirrors
It is said that the origin of the divine mirror dates back to China. In China, more ancient divine mirrors have been unearthed than in Japan, and compared to the oldest mirror in Japan, the "Four divine mirrors with a rectangular shape inscribed in the third year of Seiryu," which is dated to 235 A.D., the oldest divine mirror in China is the "," which is an order of magnitude older than Japan, dating from 1600 to 770 B.C. In addition, according to the "wajinden", Himiko, the queen of the Yamatai Kingdom, sent an envoy to Wei and received a hundred bronze mirrors from Wei, suggesting that Japan's divine mirror culture is a cultural import from China.
The divine mirror at Iishi Shrine in Hyogo Prefecture is said to have been introduced by a naturalized celestial spear from Silla. On the other hand, the Ministry of the Imperial Household issued a notice to official national shrines founded after 1895 (28th year of Meiji) that their sacred objects should be divine mirrors.
Types of divine mirrors
Goryo Shintai
In Shinto shrines and the imperial court, mirrors are often used as Shintai. The regulations state, "The diameter of the mirror shall be 1 shaku for the heavenly deities and emperors, and 7 shaku for the nobles. The name of the deity shall be engraved on the reverse side, a red cord shall be attached to a knob, and it shall be placed in a brocade pouch. The mirror may be wrapped in silk and placed in the hidai, then in the funadai, and then covered with the bedding.
See also
Bronze mirror
Yata no Kagami
Suda Hachiman Shrine Mirror
Bibliography
"Usa Hachiman and the Mysteries of Ancient divine mirrors" (Author: Enzumi Tamura, Haruhiko Kimura, Yutaka Momosaka Edition: Ebisu Kosho Shuppan)
References
External links
Kagami Art Museum
Shinbutsu shūgō
Buddhist ritual implements
Shinto
Shinto religious objects
Mirrors
Bronze mirrors
LaGrange County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 40,446. The county seat is LaGrange, Indiana.
The county is located in the Northern Indiana region known as Michiana and is about east of South Bend, west of Toledo, Ohio, and northeast of Indianapolis. The area is well known for its large Amish population. For that reason, the county teams up with neighboring Elkhart County to promote tourism by referring to the area as Northern Indiana Amish Country.
About half of LaGrange County is Amish, and it is home to the third-largest Amish community in the United States, which belongs to the Elkhart-LaGrange Amish affiliation.
History
The first settlement of LaGrange County was founded about a half mile west of Lima in 1828. Over the next four years, settlers flocked to parts of Lima, Springfield, and Van Buren Townships. Finally in 1832, LaGrange County was carved out of neighboring Elkhart County and established with Lima as the county seat. The town of LaGrange was platted in 1836 and settled in 1842 as the new county seat, closer to the center of the county. Lima's name was changed to Howe in 1909. LaGrange was laid out and platted in 1836.
LaGrange County's initial settlers were Yankee immigrants, that is to say, they were from New England. They were descended from the English Puritans who settled that region in the colonial era. They were part of a wave of New England settlers moving west into what was then the Northwest Territory after the completion of the Erie Canal. The original settlers in LaGrange County specifically hailed from the Massachusetts counties of Worcester County, Suffolk County and Berkshire County; the Connecticut counties of Hartford County and Windham County as well as the Connecticut towns of Sherman, Lebanon and Fairfield; and from the Vermont towns of Burlington, Brookfield, Huntington and Grand Isle. They were mainly members of the Congregational Church, but as a result of the Second Great Awakening, many became Baptists and many also converted to Pentecostalism and Methodism. When they arrived in LaGrange County, there was nothing but a virgin forest and wild prairie. The New England settlers cleared roads, built farms, constructed churches, erected government buildings, and established post routes. As a result of this migration, LaGrange County was culturally continuous with early New England culture for many years.
In 1837, the government removed Chief Shipshewana and the Potawatomi Tribe from the county's northwest corner. Several years later, the Chief was allowed to return and died in Newbury Township in 1841. A town named Georgetown had been platted in 1837 but was abandoned because of lack of development. In 1844, the first Amish came from Pennsylvania to settle around the old town. The village continued to grow, and the town of Shipshewana was platted nearby in 1899 and incorporated in 1916 in Newbury Township.
LaGrange County was named after the Château de la Grange-Bléneau, home of Revolutionary War hero, the Marquis de la Fayette, outside of Paris, France.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.17%) is land and (or 1.83%) is water.
The county is mostly made up of rural farmland but also some rolling hills and several lakes.
Adjacent counties
St. Joseph County, Michigan (northwest)
Branch County, Michigan (northeast)
Steuben County (east)
Noble County (south)
Elkhart County (west)
Transportation
Major highways
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in LaGrange have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in December 2000 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 37,128 people, 11,598 households, and 9,106 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 14,094 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.6% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.7% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 36.1% were German, 13.3% were American, 6.4% were Irish, and 6.4% were English.
Of the 11,598 households, 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.6% were married couples living together, 7.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 21.5% were non-families, and 18.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 3.17, and the average family size was 3.66. The median age was 30.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $53,793. Males had a median income of $40,960 versus $29,193 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,388. About 12.1% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.5% of those under age 18 and 16.6% of those age 65 or over.
Amish community
Approximately 37% of the population of LaGrange County is Amish, as the county is home to the third-largest Amish community in the United States and belongs to the Elkhart-LaGrange Amish affiliation. This is reflected in the linguistic situation in the county: 28.45% of the population report speaking German, Pennsylvania German, or Dutch at home. 68.5% of the total population and 61.29% of the children in 5-17 age group used English as their home language, according to 2000 Census. The Amish languages (German, Pennsylfaansch, and Dutch) were used by 28.47% of the total population and 35.77% of them.
As of 2020 census, Terry Martin, president of the LaGrange County Commissioners, said that "the Amish-English ratio is about 50-50", also adding that the nearly 9% growth, or 3,318 people [between 2010 and 2020 censuses], was mainly due to the increasing Amish population.
Communities
Towns
LaGrange
Shipshewana
Topeka
Wolcottville (partially in Noble County)
Townships
Bloomfield
Clay
Clearspring
Eden
Greenfield
Johnson
Lima
Milford
Newbury
Springfield
Van Buren
Census-designated place
Howe
Other unincorporated communities
Brighton
Brushy Prairie
Eddy
Elmira
Emma
Gravel Beach
Greenfield Mills
Greenwood
Hartzel
Honeyville
Indianola
Lakeside Park
Lakeview
Mongo
Mount Pisgah
Northwood
Oak Lodge
Ontario
Pashan
Plato
Ramblewood
River Oaks
Scott
Seyberts
Sha-Get Acres
Shady Nook
South Milford
Star Mill
Stony Creek
Stroh
Tall Timbers
Timberhurst
Twin Lakes
Valentine
Webers Landing
Witmer Manor
Woodland Hills
Woodland Park
Woodruff
Economy
The economy is based mainly on agriculture and small shops, but tourism also plays a big role, especially in Shipshewana.
Government
The county is led by a board of three elected commissioners that serve as the county government's executive branch. The county council comprises 7 elected members – four from each council district and 3 at large. Also, one assessor serves the entire county as opposed to one for every township.
The current county commissioners are:
North District: Terry Martin
Middle District: Kevin Myers
South District: Peter Cook
The current county council members are:
Charles F. Ashcraft D - District 1
Ryan Riegsecker R- District 2
Harold Gingerich R - District 3
Jim Young R - District 4
Jeff Brill R - At Large
Steve McKowen R - At Large
Mike Strawser R - At Large
LaGrange County is part of Indiana's 3rd congressional district; Indiana Senate district 13; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 18 and 52.
LaGrange County has consistently been a Republican Party stronghold in presidential elections. In only three elections since 1888 has a Republican candidate failed to win the county, most recently in 1964.
Education
The county has three public school districts.
Public schools
The Lakeland Community Schools serve the central part of the county. The system includes Lakeland Primary: Grades (k-2), Lakeland Intermediate: grades (3-6), and Lakeland Jr/Sr High: grades (7-12).
The Prairie Heights School Corporation serves the east side of the county and parts of Steuben County. The mascot of Prairie Heights School is a black panther.
The Westview School Corporation serves the west portion of the county. This system consists of four elementary schools (Meadowview, Shipshewana-Scott, Topeka, and Westview) and one junior-senior high school named Westview.
Private schools
Several Amish schools are located across the county.
Public library
LaGrange County is served by the La Grange County Public Library, with branches in LaGrange, Shipshewana, and Topeka.
See also
List of counties in Indiana
List of counties in Michigan
Michiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in LaGrange County, Indiana
The News Sun, the daily newspaper covering LaGrange County
References
External links
LaGrange County web site
LaGrange County Amish Tourism
1832 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1832
Amish in Indiana
Indiana counties
Sundown towns in Indiana
Maybert was a mining town in Nevada County, California. It was located on the south side of the South Yuba River, about 6 miles east of the town of Washington, at an elevation of 3,245 ft (989 m). Fall Creek empties into the South Yuba slightly to the northwest of the town site.
The Town's Origins
Maybert was located on a rich vein of gold bearing quartz and was surrounded by a number of prominent quartz mines. The origins of the town and its name are not well documented. The earliest newspaper references to Maybert are in 1886 when one paper referred to it as "a recent addition to the county geography." It appears to have sprung up around that time to house and serve the area's mines and their workers. The Yuba Mine had been "staked out" in 1855. In1875 the County Board of Supervisors approved a petition to construct a road and necessary bridges from the town of Washington to the Yuba Mine. The road and a "splendid" bridge was completed in 1876. At that time, the area that became the Maybert townsite was generally referred to as "the Yuba Mine situated above Washington", or words to that effect. One historian states that the town was named after a mine at the site, but Hartwell's 1880 map depicts only the Yuba Mine at what became the Maybert townsite. There are no contemporary news reports of a mine named Maybert. Most likely, the name was that of a prominent local resident and was assigned to the site when a post office was established in 1886.
The Town's Heyday
The town's heyday was from the mid-1880s to the early 1900s. Importantly, the town was connected by a new 7 mile easterly road to the Central Pacific station at Emigrant Gap. A school located near the Yuba Mine opened in 1886, and a school district was established that year. It had 10 students in 1888. Maybert had its own election district and 32 votes were cast in the 1892 presidential election. By 1886, Maybert was connected by stage to the town of Washington and to Nevada City. Soon, there was stage service to Downieville and many points in Nevada County. It had its own telephone company.
While some of the mines had their own boardinghouses, the town also had a hotel with saloon, the Maybert, run by the Baugh Bros. The hotel was the site of dances and other social events. One Fourth of July featured a tug-of-war between teams from the Yuba and Eagle Bird mines, followed by a grand ball for the benefit of the school. There was also for a time a hotel located at the Eagle Bird mine run by the McKees.
Post Office
A post office was established at Maybert in 1886. It was located in the Yuba Mine store and Superintendent George Hare was the first postmaster. Scheduled mail service was 6 times a week from Nevada City. The post office was discontinued in 1905, presumably because the towns population had substantially declined with inactivity at the mines. With the reopening of the Yuba, Eagle Bird and other mines, the post office was revived in 1907 and continued operation until 1910. When there was no post office, residents got mail in the town of Washington.
Mining
From its inception to its demise, Maybert's fortunes were tied in closely with its mines. The sawmills in the area appear to have existed principally to serve the mines and there are no reports of agriculture or horticulture in the area. The principal mines were the Yuba, Eagle Bird, Blue Bell and Blue Jay.
It all began with the discovery of the Yuba Mine in 1855, which over the years produced $2 million in gold. In the 1880s and early 90s, the mine worked "full forces of men". In 1891, with one of the owners being the George Hearst Estate, it employed 75 men and ran 25 stamps to crush the quartz. It soon closed down. In the early part of the 20th century, the mine resumed successful operations. It was merged with the Mayflower Mine in the hills above Maybert and a tramway was built to bring ore from the Mayflower down to the Yuba for processing. About 60 man were then employed in the two properties and the mill. In 1909, its new boarding house burned down. After laying idle for a few years, new owners took over the mine, along with the Grey Eagle in 1915.
The Eagle Bird Mine, situated 3/4 of a mile west of Maybert, had a similar trajectory. In 1887, the mine was working "full force." In 1888, the mine changed hands and it was reported "that the Eagle Bird will again prove to be a dividend paying property under intelligent and economical management." In 1890, the State Mineralogist, reported that the mine then employed about 75 people, had its own sawmill and its miners were paid $3 a day and mill men $3–3.50. By 1891, its work force had increased to 100 and it was running 30 stamps. It then ran into financial difficulties and in 1893 was sold to new owners who announced new development plans. The next year, a rich strike was reported and the "mine looks splendid." But in 1896, the State Mineralogist reported that the Eagle Bird was again not being worked. The mine was sold several times in the ensuing years, with mining continuing sporadically well into the 20th century. In 1909, a fire burned down all the mine's buildings. By 1913, the Eagle Bird had yielded about $1.5 million in gold. In 1915, it was sold again to some eastern interests. It then was described as having "been idle for many years for the want of sufficient capital to do the necessary development work to reach a ledge that contains the pay rock."
At a time when many mines in Nevada County would not employ Chinese, the Maybert mines, especially the Yuba and Eagle Bird, did. In 1888, the Yuba suspended work for two days to give the Chinese time to celebrate the lunar new year. Chinese miners were typically paid 30 to 50% less than white miners.
In 1934, most of the mines in the Maybert area were consolidated into a new company - Maybert Gold Mines. Most gold mining was suspended during World War II as nonessential for the war effort, and there is no record of Maybert mines being revived on a commercial scale afterward.
The Twentieth Century
Whenever the mines were shut down for an extended period of time, the town itself suffered. As noted above, the post office was discontinued at the end of 1905 though it was revived briefly when the mines reopened in 1907. Likewise, the election district was abolished in 1906 because the town was "almost uninhabited."
Up until the 1960s, some cabins remained and were occupied by squatters. The forest service, with the property-owner's permission, burned the remaining buildings to the ground to drive the squatters out and avoid the risk of wildfire from people squatting there. Today, there are few remains of the old town site, which is difficult to access because there is no longer is a bridge across the Yuba at the townsite. The area is popular with hikers, campers and fishermen.The land is privately held, but surrounded by the Tahoe National Forest.
A YouTube video called Exploring the Yuba River Mines depicts a plucky member of TVR Exploration exploring the Maybert area and the Yuba Mine. It contains fascinating images of the mine underground.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Squatting in the United States
The 2009–10 season will be Sheffield Wednesday's fifth consecutive season in the Football League Championship and 108th season in The Football League since being elected to the Football League First Division in 1892 (from The Football Alliance).
Chronological list of events
2 May 2010: The club are relegated to League One after a final day home draw against Crystal Palace.
4 March 2010: Chairman Lee Strafford rules out the possibility of the club going into administration.
26 February 2010: Defender Frank Simek receives a call-up to the United States men's national soccer team.
11 January 2010: Alan Irvine appointed as Manager.
13 December 2009: Brian Laws leaves the club by mutual consent after a nine-game winless run with the club in 22nd position in the League.
19 August 2009: The club release plans to develop Hillsborough Stadium
23 July 2009: Owls season tickets sales exceed 13,000 (actual figure 13,060)
15 July 2009: Wednesday turns down a £1.5 million bid from Burnley for Marcus Tudgay in a statement the club called the bid "derisory" and "unwelcome"
13 July 2009: Owls win JPL Cup in Malta
17 June 2009: The Championship 2009–2010 season fixtures were announced.
16 April 2009: Owls reveal that the logo of the Sheffield Children's Hospital will be featured on the shirts rather than that of a sponsor.
Team kit
The team kit's for the 2009–10 season will be produced by Puma. The logo of the Sheffield Children's Hospital will be featured on the shirts rather than that of a sponsor.
£1 from every shirt sale will go to the charity, after a month of being on sale 6,000 home shirts had been sold.
Pre-season
Sheffield Wednesday's 2009/10 pre-season programme:
Fixtures schedule
Football League Championship
(Please note League fixture lists are copyright of The Football League and can not be published without permission)
Fixtures for the 2009–10 season were announced by The Football League on 17 June 2009 at 10am.
Sheffield Wednesday will face Barnsley at Hillsborough on the opening day of the season, the season continues away to new boys Peterborough on 15 August and the final day clash is away to Crystal Palace on 2 May.
"The Owls will be looking for another six points from the Steel City derby clashes on September 19th (at Bramall Lane) and 17 April (the penultimate home game of the season). Vital SWFC members are looking forward to the away day at St James' Park: the meeting with the Magpies is on August 19th, the return fixture a mouthwatering clash at Hillsborough on Boxing Day."
For a comprehensive list of fixtures go to the official SWFC web site fixtures page
League results
League results summary
League round by round
Results
Legend
Domestic cups
FA Cup
League Cup
Transfers
In
Out
Loaned Out
First-team squad
Left club during season
References
External links
Sheffield Wednesday FC official site
Sheffield Wednesday FC on Soccerbase
2009-10
2009–10 Football League Championship by team
II. gimnazija Maribor is a gymnasium in Maribor. The beginnings of the school date back to 1937. It implements the grammar school program, the sports department and the International Baccalaureate program. It is the most selective school and the school with the best matura results in Maribor, and its graduates have been accepted to Harvard, Cambridge, and other world's leading universities.
History
On Žolgarjeva street in Maribor, in today's Boris Kidrič and Slavko Šlander primary schools, the authorities established the II. boys' bourgeois school (1937). In 1939, the construction of a new school on Žolgarjeva street (today Trg Miloša Zidanška) began, which was built after more than ten years. The name 'second gymnasium' first appeared in 1938. The school was later renamed II. state men's lower gymnasium and Viktor Rode was appointed principal.
The school was declared a complete gymnasium in 1949; it was given the name II. gymnasium and moved to a new building on Žolgarjeva street. Janez Malnarič became the new principal, and the students took the first matura exam a year later. Next to the modern gym, the school also got a sports field. With the Gymnasium Reform (1959), the primary schools took over the departments of the lower gymnasiums, and the upper gymnasium became a four-year school. In 1960, Ivan Rudolf became the principal and was succeeded by Alfonz Fekonja. With the abolition of the classical gymnasium, II. Gymnasium Maribor took over several departments of the Classical Gymnasium and the I. Gymnasium Maribor (Prva gimnazija Maribor).
When in 1964, the II. Gymnasium was renamed Tabor Gymnasium (Gimnazija Tabor), the school received a library and a reading room. A few years later, they introduced graduation in four subjects by changing the final exams. In 1971, the Tabor Gymnasium (Gimnazija Tabor) was renamed The Miloš Zidanšek Gymnasium (Gimnazija Miloša Zidanška). In celebration of the school's 25th anniversary, on the 2nd floor, they added a new hall, known as the "amphitheatre". When Slovenia abolished gymnasiums and introduced 'targeted education', the school focused on science and mathematics. At that time, The Miloš Zidanšek Gymnasium (Gimnazija M. Zidanška), in agreement with the Secondary Electro-Computer School (SERŠ Maribor), began to educate eight departments of energy and the department of computer science. Today it still educates one department of graphic orientation.
In 1982, Ivan Lorenčič became the principal, and in the same year, the Miloš Zidanšek Gymnasium was renamed the Miloš Zidanšek High School of Natural Sciences (Srednja naravoslovna šola Miloša Zidanška). Over the years, the school quickly achieved an increase in enrollment in science and mathematics. The first terminal was connected to the University of Maribor line in the library, and the school received computers and printers. The school library was the first in Slovenia to introduce an electronic borrowing system. In the same year, the school introduced the International Baccalaureate (IB) program.
In 1990, Slovenia, and the school, re-introduced the gymnasium program. The school also started the sports department. In celebration of the school's 40th anniversary (1990), the school became the II. Gymnasium Maribor and Herta Trikič became the principal. The first IB exams had above-average results, and they ranked the II. Gymnasium among the most successful schools of this program. In 1994, the school had three golden graduates in the International Baccalaureate program; a student also attended the IB conference in Japan. In 1995 the first national graduation was held, and at the same time, the school had nine golden graduates in the national program and seven in the IB. In 1996, the school had one golden graduate in the national program and seven golden graduates in the International Baccalaureate. In 1997 the school had five golden graduates in the national program and five in the International Baccalaureate. In 1998, the school had fourteen golden graduates in the national program and five golden in the International Baccalaureate, one of them for the first time with all possible points. Some years later, the school had eleven golden graduates in the national program and seven golden in the IB program.
From 1993 to 1998. many students won prizes at the Olympics, where they were very successful in physics, mathematics, and chemistry. School's students won medals in Olympics (slalom, swimming). They were competing in countries worldwide, including the USA, Turkey, Canada, Australia and Norway.
In 2001, Ivan Lorenčič became the principal of the school again. Renovation of the old school building began with constructing an extension and a gym, which was completed in 2009. In 2021, Lorenčič retired and Marko Jagodič became the principal. Jagodič holds a Ph.D. in physics and an assistant professor at the University of Maribor.
Profile
The Second Gymnasium has the highest enrolment threshold among Maribor gymnasiums and is the gymnasium with the most golden graduates in Maribor.
It is also among the most successful Slovenian grammar schools regarding the number of high school graduates with all possible points. In 2019, two high school graduates in Slovenia received all possible points, and both were students of the II. gymnasium. Students achieve excellent results at the international matura. In the International Baccalaureate program in 2019 and 2020, three female students earned all possible points and became diamond graduates.
Several students of the II. Gymnasium enrolled in the world's best universities. Ana Bračič graduated from Harvard University in 2005 and obtained MA and Ph.D degrees from New York University in 2007 and 2013, respectively. In 2019, Maša Predin enrolled at the University of Cambridge, Zala Šeško at the University of London, and in 2020, Ana Breznik at Harvard University. According to the principal Lorenčič, the trend of enrolling students in the II. Gymnasium to foreign universities increases from year to year.
The principal of the Second Gymnasium is Ivan Lorenčič, who has been the principal of this school for 30 years. In the meantime, they were a director of the Institute for Education for seven years. Later they were also a teacher for four years before they became the principal.
References
Secondary schools in Slovenia
Gymnasiums in Slovenia
Pike County is a county in the southwest portion of the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 12,845. The county seat is Petersburg. It contains the geographic point representing median center of US population in 2010.
Pike County is part of the Jasper Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
In 1787, the fledgling United States defined the Northwest Territory, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the territory's first governor, and Vincennes was established as the territorial capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. On 11 December 1816, the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the Vincennes Tract, in the 1804 Treaty of Vincennes, and in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne . These various dealings resolved the occupation issue for the future Pike County. Whites had been settling in the future county's terrain since 1800 (the first was Woolsey Pride, at White Oak Springs).
The area of present-day Pike County was first placed under local jurisdiction in 1790, when Knox County was created. This all-encompassing county was repeatedly subdivided as its lands were occupied − on 1 April 1813 the County of Gibson was authorized from the SW portion of Knox County, and four weeks later another portion of Knox was partitioned to create Warrick County. On 1 November 1814, portions of Warrick and Gibson were partitioned to create Perry County. Two years later, the northern portions of Gibson and Perry were sufficiently populated to warrant a separate governing structure, so on 21 December 1816 − ten days after being admitted to the Federal Union as a state − the Indiana state legislature authorized the creation of Pike County, taking areas from Gibson, Knox, and Perry counties. The first commissioners filed a report dated 15 February 1817, naming Petersburg as the seat of government; the city was laid out and platted that same year. The city was named for Peter Brenton, an original owner of the town site. A post office was put into service at Petersburg in 1823.
Pike County was named for Zebulon Pike, famous for their Pike Expedition of 1806 – 1807, exploring the southwest portion of the Louisiana Purchase. Pike commanded the 4th Infantry Regiment at the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811. They were killed as a brigadier general during the War of 1812 after their men had captured York (now Toronto), Canada.
The first courthouse in Pike County was a two-story log building, laid on the east side of the Petersburg public square in 1817. It remained in use until replaced by a two-story brick building in 1834. The third courthouse was a larger two-story structure, built in 1868; the present building was erected in 1922.
From 1959 to 1963 Vance Hartke and Homer E. Capehart were the U.S. Senators for Indiana, both from Pike County.
In 2015, northern Pike County's economy received a boost from the completion of Interstate 69.
Geography
The low hills of Pike County have been cleared, leveled, and put to agricultural use, although its many drainages are still wooded. The highest point on the terrain (650 feet/198 meters ASL) is the sharp crest of a ridge 2.9 miles (4.6 km) NE of Stendal. Like many counties along or near the Ohio River, large portions of Pike County had been strip mined. Most of these areas have been restored, but many remain.
The county's northern boundary is defined by the westward-flowing White River. The Patoka River also flows westward through the lower central part of the county, and forms a portion of the county's west boundary line with Gibson County.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 97.99%) is land and (or 2.01%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Daviess County − northeast
Dubois County − east
Warrick County − south/CT Border
Gibson County − west/CT Border
Knox County − northwest
Major highways
Interstate 69
Protected areas
Columbia Mine Preserve (part)
Interlake State Recreation Area (part)
Patoka River National Wildlife Refuge and Management Area (part)
City
Petersburg
Towns
Spurgeon
Winslow
Census-designated place
Otwell (named Pierceville 1855−1864)
Unincorporated places
Alford
Algiers
Arda
Arthur Junction
Ashby Yards
Augusta
Ayrshire
Bowman
Campbelltown
Cato
Chandler
Coats Spring
Coe
Enos Corner
Fritz Corner
Glezen
Hartwell
Highbank Town
Iva
Littles
Marysville
Muren
Oatsville
Pikeville
Rogers
Rumble
Scottsburg
Stendal
Survant
Union
Velpen
West Petersburg
White Sulphur Springs
Whiteoak
Willisville
Zoar
Townships
Clay
Jefferson
Lockhart
Logan
Madison
Marion
Monroe
Patoka
Washington
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Petersburg have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in December 1989 and a record high of was recorded in September 2002. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a Circuit Court (83rd Judicial Circuit) and has a small claims division which division handles family law cases as well. The judge of the Circuit Court is elected to a term of six years and must be a member in good standing of the Indiana Bar. The judge is assisted by a referee in the small claims\family division who is appointed by the Circuit Court Judge.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 12,845 people, 5,186 households, and 3,645 families in the county. The population density was . There were 5,735 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.2% white, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.7% were American, 25.1% were German, 15.8% were Irish, and 11.4% were English.
Of the 5,186 households, 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.3% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.7% were non-families, and 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 42.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $49,423. Males had a median income of $40,952 versus $29,664 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,005. About 9.0% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 10.0% of those age 65 or over, Making Pike County one of the poorest counties in the state.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pike County, Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1816 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1816
Southwestern Indiana
Jasper, Indiana micropolitan area
This is a listing of programs that HBO has commissioned or co-commissioned in its history.
Current programming
Drama
Comedy
Anthology
Co-productions
Unscripted
Docuseries
Reality
Variety
Sports
Upcoming programming
Drama
Comedy
Miniseries
Unscripted
Docuseries
Pilot orders
Comedy
The Franchise
In development
Drama
10,000 Ships
9 Voyages
Ascension
Asunda
The Big D
Blood Sugar
Fledgling
Gang's All Queer
The Hater
Hellraiser
Invisible Life
The Last One Left
Loner
Luster
Maniac Cop
The Nigerwife
Ohio
Queens
Roadmarks
Scanners
Sphere
The Stationery Shop
Tales of Dunk and Egg
True Blood
Untitled Ivanka Trump series
Untitled Michael Imperioli series
White Rabbit, Red Wolf
Who Fears Death
Comedy
Blood Sugar
Counterfeit
The Every
If You Lived With Me You'd Be Home By Now
Lucky
Nice White Parents
One for the Road
Pride
Sugar
Tre Cnt
Untitled Chris Kelly/Sarah Schneider project
Untitled David Spade project
Untitled Prentice Penny/Janine Nabers project
Untitled Ricky Velez project
Miniseries
Big Swiss
Black Flags
Cutblock
Doomsday Machine
Everyone In My Family Has Killed Someone
The Fact of a Body
A Fine Balance
King Rex
Lake Success
Londongrad
My Dentist's Murder Trial
Mob Queens
Parasite
Poisonwood Bible
Rise And Kill First
Say Their Names
Serial
Sula
A Time for Mercy
Trust
Unruly
Untitled Charles Randolph COVID-19 vaccine series
Untitled SpaceX project
Valentine
The Vanishing Half
Former programming
The following is a list of HBO shows that have appeared on the channel in the past. Some of these shows may still be available on demand to HBO subscribers.
Drama
Comedy
Anthology
Miniseries
Animation
Adult animation
Kids & family
Unscripted
Docuseries
Variety
Sports
Notes
References
Programming
Programming
HBO
HBO
John "Big" Chisum (April 5, 1915 – August 5, 1982), also listed as John Chism, was an American baseball third baseman in the Negro leagues. They played with the St. Louis Stars in 1937.
Their brother, Eli, also played in the Negro leagues. and their statistics are combined with John's in some sources.
References
External links
and Seamheads
John Chisum at Arkansas Baseball Encyclopedia
St. Louis Stars (1937) players
1915 births
1982 deaths
Baseball players from Arkansas
Baseball third basemen
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Bogusław (, Bohuslav) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Galla (died 394) was a Roman empress as the second wife of Theodosius I. They were the daughter of Valentinian I and their second wife Justina.
Family
Little is known of Galla, including their full name. Galla is the female cognomen for Gallus and, in Latin, gallus could mean both an inhabitant of Gaul and a rooster.
Galla is listed as one of four children of the marriage by Jordanes. Them paternal uncle Valens was Emperor of the Eastern Roman Byzantine Empire from 364 to their death in the Battle of Adrianople (9 August 378). Them father was emperor of the Western Roman Empire from 364 to their death on 17 November 375 and was previously married to Marina Severa. The only known child of that marriage was Gratian, Western Roman Emperor from 375 to their assassination on 25 August 383. Them mother was previously married to Magnentius, a Roman usurper from 350 to 353. However both Zosimus and the fragmentary chronicle of John of Antioch report that Justina was too young at the time of their first marriage to have children. Galla thus had no known maternal half-siblings.
Galla had three full-siblings. Them only brother was Valentinian II, first co-emperor with Gratian from 375 and then the only legitimate Western Roman Emperor from 383 to their death by hanging on 15 May 392. Their death was officially reported as a suicide but Arbogast, their magister militum, was suspected to have had a hand in it, an accusation found in the writings of Socrates of Constantinople, Orosius, and Zosimus. Sozomen was less certain and mentioned both versions of how Valentinian II died.
Them two sisters were Grata and Justa. According to Socrates, both remained unmarried. They were probably still alive in 392 but not mentioned afterward.
Marriage to Theodosius
Galla was cast into a role of significance because of conflict between three Roman emperors in the 380s. In 383, Gratian died while facing a major revolt under Magnus Maximus. Maximus proceeded to establish their control of a portion of the Roman Empire including Britain, Gaul, Hispania, and the Diocese of Africa. Ruling from their capital at Augusta Treverorum (Treves, Trier), they were able to negotiate their recognition by Valentinian II and Theodosius I'm starting in 384. Valentinian II's territory was effectively limited to Italia, ruling from Mediolanum (modern Milan).
In 387, the truce between Valentinian II and Maximus ended. Maximus crossed the Alps into the Po Valley and threatened Mediolanum. Valentinian and Justina fled their capital for Thessaloniki, capital of the Praetorian prefecture of Illyricum and at the time the chosen residence of Theodosius. Galla accompanied them. Theodosius was then a widower, their first wife Aelia Flaccilla having died in 385 or 386.
Theodosius granted refuge to the fugitives. According to Zosimus's account, Justina arranged for Galla to appear weeping before Theodosius and to appeal for their compassion. Galla was reportedly a beautiful woman and Theodosius was soon smitten and requested to marry them Justina used this to their advantage, setting a condition for the marriage agreement under which Theodosius would have to attack Maximus and restore Valentinian II to their throne. Theodosius consented to Justina's condition, the marriage probably taking place in late 387. The account was questioned by Louis-Sébastien de Tillemont as inconsistent with the piety of Theodosius. They suggested that the marriage took place in 386, prior to the beginning of hostilities. On the other hand, Edward Gibbon in their The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire considered Zosimus' account more likely.
In Theodoret and Tyrannius Rufinus's accounts, religious ardor fueled Theodosius' decision to start the war, contradicting Zosimus' tale of Galla's involvement. Zosimus' explanation, as well as Theodoret's and Rufinus', has been disputed by modern scholars, who believe Theodosius' march against Maximus and union with Galla to be based on calculations of political gain. The marriage would cement their dynastic alliance to Valentinian II and enable them to control the newly installed Western ruler.
Empress
When Galla married Theodosius, they became both a Roman empress and a stepmother to Theodosius' two sons from their first marriage, Arcadius and Honorius. Arcadius was the eldest and had been declared an Augustus in January 383. They served as a nominal co-ruler to their father but was still approximately ten years old at the time of Galla's marriage.
In July and August of 388, the combined troops of Theodosius I and Valentinian II invaded the territory of Maximus under the leadership of Richomeres, Arbogast, Promotus, and Timasius. Maximus suffered a series of losses and surrendered in Aquileia. They were executed on 28 August 388 along with their son and nominal co-ruler Flavius Victor. Elen, their wife, and their two daughters were spared. Justina's condition for the marriage had been met, however they died the same year, unable to witness the result of their efforts.
Theodosius installed Valentinian and their court at Vienne in Gaul, away from Milan and the influence of Ambrose. Theodosius appointed Arbogast as magister militum for the Western provinces. Acting in the name of Valentinian, Arbogast was actually subordinate only to Theodosius.
Theodosius spent the years 388–391 in Italia, while Galla and their stepsons remained in the Great Palace of Constantinople. According to Marcellinus Comes, in 390 Arcadius expelled them from the palace. However, since Arcadius was only thirteen, that decision could as well have belonged to those who governed in their name.
Zosimus reports their mourning over the death of their brother in 392. On August 22 of the same year, Arbogast declared Eugenius as an emperor without the approval of Theodosius. Negotiations with Theodosius to achieve recognition were unsuccessful and, on 23 January 393, Theodosius declared their second son Honorius, an Augustus, the implication being that Theodosius alone was legitimate emperor. Conflict between the two emperors began the following year, resulting in the Battle of the Frigidus, on 5–6 September 394. Theodosius was victorious and gained control of the entire Roman Empire while Arbogast committed suicide and Eugenius was executed.
Whether Galla lived to see the victory is uncertain. According to Zosimus, they died in childbirth within the same year, the exact date unknown.
Tillemont interpreted a passage of Philostorgius to identify Galla as an adherent of Arianism, however the passage actually seems to mean that their mother was Arian. Galla themselves is identified as an Arian in the Chronicon Paschale.
Children
Galla had three children with Theodosius who were:
Gratian, a son born in 388 and who died in 394;
Aelia Galla Placidia, a daughter (392–27 November, 450), their only child to survive to adulthood and who later became an empress in their own right. They married Ataulf, king of the Visigoths, and, after their death, Constantius III;
John, a son, who died with their mother in childbirth in 394.
References
Sources
Rodgers, N., The History and Conquests of Ancient Rome, Hermes House, 2005.
Roberts, Walter E., Valentinian I (364–375 A.D), roman-emperors.org.
Woods, David, Theodosius I (379–395 A.D.), roman-emperors.org.
Smith, William, Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, ancientlibrary.com.
Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire, Google Books, Galla's sister Iusta.
370s births
394 deaths
4th-century Roman empresses
Arian Christians
Deaths in childbirth
Theodosian dynasty
Valentinianic dynasty
Daughters of Roman emperors
The women's shot put event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 and 21 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
21 July
Qualifications
20 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 21 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
References
Shot put
Shot put at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Francisco José Borja Cevallos (June 22, 1949– ) is an Ecuadorian government minister and diploma.
They were appointed Ecuador's ambassador to the United States in 2015, succeeding Nathalie Cely. They were succeeded by Francisco Carrión in 2018.
Prior to their diplomatic career, they worked as a journalist and editor. They were also an adviser to President Rodrigo Borja Cevallos.
They were a Minister of Culture and Heritage from September 2014 to March 2015, after serving as Ambassador to Chile since June 2007.
See also
Ecuador–United States relations
Embassy of Ecuador in Washington, D.C.
List of diplomatic missions of Ecuador
References
External links
NEW ECUADORIAN AMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES ARRIVES IN WASHINGTON, D.C.
August 7, 2015, Letter to The New York Times
1949 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Ecuador to the United States
Ambassadors of Ecuador to Chile
Arthrobacter gandavensis is a Gram-positive bacterium species from the genus Arthrobacter which has been isolated from mastitic milk in Belgium.
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Arthrobacter gandavensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 2003
Micrococcaceae
The Deutschvölkischer Schutz- und Trutzbund (English: German Nationalist Protection and Defiance Federation) was the largest, and most active anti-semitic federation in Germany after the First World War, and an organization forming a significant part of the völkisch movement during the Weimar Republic (1918–1933), whose democratic-parliamentary system it unilaterally rejected. Its publishing arm issued books that greatly influenced the opinions of Nazi Party leaders such as Heinrich Himmler, and after the Bund folded ( 1924) many of its members eventually joined the Nazis.
Origin
The Deutschvölkischer Schutz- und Trutzbund was originally called the Deutscher Schutz- und Trutzbund when it was founded in February 1919 in Bamberg for the purpose of "fighting" Judaism, during a meeting of the Alldeutscher Verband ("All-German League"). The director of Deutschen Schutz- und Trutzbund was Alfred Roth, and its secret chairperson was Konstantin von Gebsattel, appointed on 1 October 1919 by Ernst von Hertzberg Lottin. Their Advisory Board included, among others, Ernst Anton Franz von Bodelschwingh, Theodor Fritsch, August Gebhard, Paul Lucius, Ferdinand Werner, Julius Friedrich Lehmann, and Georg von Stössel. Their meeting place was originally in Duisburg, at Alfred Roth's house, but was later moved to Hamburg where it joined the amalgamation of several such other organizations. It merged with the Reichshammerbund, and then, about one month later, merged with the Deutschvölkischen Bund, the organization that succeeded the Deutschvölkische Party.
Manifesto
The manifesto of the Deutschvölkischer Schutz- und Trutzbund was Wenn ich der Kaiser wär ("If I Were the Kaiser"), written by All-German League president Heinrich Claß, in which they expressed identitarian, nationalist views. Their slogan was: "Germany for the Germans." Julius Friedrich Lehmann, a Munich publisher, helped promote their ideas, and in October 1918, Claß called for a coup d'etat. The organization agitated against the Weimar Republic; by 1923 it had just under 180,000 members.
Symbols
The Schutz- und Trutzbund used as its symbols a blue cornflower and a swastika. According to British author Peter Padfield its motto was "Wir sind die Herren der Welt!" ("We are the masters of the world!"). However, not a single German source can be found which confirms this motto, which in fact is a verse from the song "Der mächtigste König im Luftrevier" (i.e. The mightiest king in the skies.) According to German historian Ulrich Sieg the organization's motto was Deutschland den Deutschen ("Germany for the Germans").
Constitution
An excerpt from the constitution of the Deutschvölkischer Schutz- und Trutzbund''':
The Bund fights for the moral rebirth of the German people ... It considers the pernicious and destructive influence of Jewry to be the main cause of the defeat and the removal of this influence to be necessary for the political and economic recovery of Germany, and for the salvation of German culture.
Notable Deutschvölkischer Schutz- und Trutzbund members
Herbert Albrecht
Karl Astel
Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski
Werner Best
Ernst Boepple
Philipp Bouhler
Walter Buch
Leonardo Conti
Heinrich Deubel
Artur Dinter
Oskar Dirlewanger
Dietrich Eckart
Friedrich Karl Florian
Theodor Fritsch
Wilhelm Grimm
Josef Grohé
Heinrich Haake
Ludolf Haase
Otto Hellmuth
Hans Helwig
Reinhard Heydrich, co-architect of the holocaust
Karl Kaufmann
Georg Joel
Josef Klant
Richard Kunze
J. F. Lehmann
Viktor Lutze
Walter Maass
Eugen Munder
Wilhelm Murr
Martin Mutschmann
Wilhelm Ohnesorge
Friedrich Ringshausen
Alfred Roth
Bernhard Rust
Fritz Sauckel
Franz Xaver Schwarz
Franz Schwede
Wolfram Sievers
Franz Walter Stahlecker
Julius Streicher
Ernst Werner Techow
Otto Telschow
Felix Wankel
Karl Weinrich
See also
Freikorps
Organisation Consul
References
Notes
Bibliography
Roth, Alfred. Aus der Kampfzeit des Deutschvölkischen Schutz-und-Trutzbundes. Hamburg, 1939
Waite, Robert G L. Vanguard of Nazism. 1969, W W Norton and Company
External links
Article from the Historical Dictionary of Bavaria website
Martin Ulmer: “The Enemy is in the Country: The Jew.” Poster Stamps Printed by the Deutschvölkischen Schutz- und Trutz-Bundes (German Nationalist Protection and Defiance Federation), in: Key Documents of German-Jewish History, September 22, 2016.
Antisemitism in Germany
Early Nazism (–1933)
Ethnic supremacy
German nationalist organizations
Organizations based in the Weimar Republic
The Politics of Abruzzo, Italy takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democracy, whereby the President of Regional Government is the head of government, and of a pluriform multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the Regional Government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Regional Council.
Executive branch
The Regional Government (Giunta Regionale) is presided by the President of the Region (Presidente della Regione), who is elected for a five-year term, and is composed by the President and the Ministers (Assessori), who are currently 8, including a Vice President (Vicepresidente) and an undersecretary (Sottosegretario).
List of presidents
Legislative branch
The Regional Council of Abruzzo (Consiglio Regionale dell'Abruzzo) is composed of 40 members. 32 councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists, while 8 councillors (elected in bloc) come from a "regional list", including the President-elect. One seat is reserved for the candidate who comes second. If a coalition wins more than 50% of the total seats in the council with PR, only 4 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 36. If the winning coalition receives less than 40% of votes, special seats are added to the council to ensure a large majority for the President's coalition.
The council is elected for a five-year term, but, if the President suffers a vote of no confidence, resigns or dies, under the simul stabunt, simul cadent clause introduced in 1999 (literally they will stand together or they will fall together), also the council is dissolved and a snap election is called.
Local government
Provinces
Municipalities
Provincial capitals
Parties and elections
Latest regional election
In the latest regional election, which took place on 10 February 2019, Marco Marsilio of Brothers of Italy was elected President of Abruzzo. The League, which fielded candidates for the first time in the region, was the largest party.
References
External links
Abruzzo Region
Regional Council of Abruzzo
Constitution of Abruzzo
Abruzzo
The second season of Pilipinas Got Talent premiered on ABS-CBN on February 26, 2011. International artist Billy Crawford and Luis Manzano of Komiks Presents: Flash Bomba take role as the hosts of the show. Once again, the judges include former ABS-CBN executive Freddie M. Garcia, Kris Aquino, and Ai-Ai de las Alas. Auditions for this season were then held in several key cities in the Philippines including Dagupan, Batangas, Naga, Cebu, Davao, and Manila. The show ended last June 26, 2011.
Auditions
The auditions for the second season takes place in key cities in the Philippines. Major auditions are held in Cebu, Davao, Naga, Batangas, Dagupan and Metro Manila where the hopefuls are judged by Kris Aquino, Ai-Ai de las Alas and Freddie "FMG" Garcia. Also, micro-auditions are also held in other cities including Laoag, Tuguegarao, Baguio, Nueva Ecija, Olongapo, Pampanga, Laguna, Lucena, Legazpi City, Roxas City, Bacolod, Cagayan de Oro, and General Santos City and judged by the staff of Pilipinas Got Talent.
Judges Cull
After the nationwide auditions, 174 acts made it to the Judges Cull where the judges select the top 36 semi-finalists. The Judges Cull for Luzon and Visayas auditions were held at Dolphy Theater in ABS-CBN where 26 acts made it to the semi-finals. On the other hand, the remaining 10 acts from Mindanao were personally visited by the judges in their hometown to inform the news that they are qualified for the semi-finals.
Top 36 Results Summary
Color Key
{{plainlist|* Winner
Runner-up
Only one half of the Bourbon Duo appeared on stage; the other half was injured during rehearsals.
The Kapidamu Band was among the previous season's second group of semi-finalists, taking third place; they lost the Judges' Choice vote to Markki Stroem . The rule that allowed auditioners from previous seasons to reaudition seemingly extends to include unsuccessful semi-finalists and those who did not pass the Judges' Cull in their seasons, thus paving the way for the band's return to the semi-finals this season.
Live shows
Semi-Finals
The semi-finals were held in PAGCOR Grand Theater in Casino Filipino, Parañaque City where the 36 acts competed in six weeks for the twelve slots in the Finals. Every week, two acts will make it to the Finals through public vote and judges' vote.
Color key
Week 1 (April 30 & May 1)
Week 2 (May 7 & 8)
Week 3 (May 14 & 15)
Week 4 (May 21 & 22)
Week 5 (May 28 & 29)
Week 6 (June 4 & 5)
Wild Card Round
While this season's semi-final went through the same procedure are the previous season, this season introduced the wild card round in which the judges' vote losers in the first six rounds were given a second chance to compete for two more spots in the Finals. Finalists selected from the wild card round would entirely be determined by public vote; this section only covers buzz-outs since the judges' observations and comments would not largely affect the outcome of the voting. Voting procedure is slightly different is this round; in the results night, the top 3 compete in a second round of performances and voting from which the top two would advance to the Finals.
The wild card round was announced near the end of the sixth semi-finals round and was held on June 11 and 12, 2011. This was also the first time in the entire Got Talent franchise that wild card competitors were given a chance to have spots in the finale.
Color Key:
Round 1 (June 11)
The top 3 got 25.54%, 22.31%, and 21.33% of the Round 1 vote respectively. However, which act got what percentage was never revealed as they were called out "in no particular order."
Round 2 (June 12)
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center; width:100%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"text-align:center; width:100%;"}"
! rowspan="2" style="width:25%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:25%;"}" |Contestant
! rowspan="2" style="width:03%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:03%;"}" |Semifinal Week
! rowspan="2" href="La Union" |Act
! colspan="3" style="width:20%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:20%;"}" |Buzzes
! rowspan="2" style="width:10%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:10%;"}" |Percentage
! rowspan="2" style="width:10%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:10%;"}" href="Malolos" |Result
|- href="Bulacan"
! style="width:06.66%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:06.66%;"}" |FMG
! style="width:06.66%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:06.66%;"}" |Kris
! style="width:06.66%;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:06.66%;"}" href="Surigao del Norte" |Ai-ai
|- bgcolor="silver"
| scope="row" style="text-align:left;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"text-align:left;"}" |Joy's Divas
|6
| scope="row" style="text-align:left;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"text-align:left;"}" href="Butuan City" |Singing trio
|
|
|
| data-ve-attributes="{"style":"width:100%; text-align:center;"}" |28.15%
|Eliminated
|- bgcolor="gold"
| scope="row" style="text-align:left;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"text-align:left;"}" |Skeights
|2
| scope="row" style="text-align:left;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"text-align:left;"}" |Band
|
| href="Bukidnon" |
|
|30.16%
|Advanced
|- bgcolor="gold"
| scope="row" style="text-align:left;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"text-align:left;"}" href="University of Batangas" |{{nowrap|Rico the Magician (Romarico Sanorjo)}}
|1
| scope="row" style="text-align:left;" data-ve-attributes="{"style":"text-align:left;"}" href="Batangas City" |Magician
|
|
|41.68%Advanced
|}
Finals
The Finals were held at the Araneta Coliseum on June 25–26, 2011. Twelve acts from the Semi-Finals round and Wild Card winners performed again to win the title of the second Pilipinas Got Talent winner. A week before the Finals, two special episodes called "The Road to the Finals" was aired, profiling the fourteen Finalists. For the performance night, Nikki Gil took co-hosting duties from Luis Manzano, who was having another commitment at the time.
Another change for the Finals was the limits in public voting. A user of one SIM card number or e-mail address could only give up to 30 or 32 votes (depending on the method of voting) to a single act per day to ensure fairness.
Performances
National RatingsPilipinas Got Talent Season 2'' hits all-time high 38.2% national rating.
The National Ratings came from the whole-wide Philippine coverage of TV audience ratings from Kantar Media Philippines.
References
Pilipinas Got Talent
2011 Philippine television seasons
The Landshut Residence (German:Stadtresidenz Landshut) is a palace in Landshut, Lower Bavaria.
History
In 1536 Louis X, Duke of Bavaria laid the foundation stone for a new residence in the inner city of Landshut. It was begun in German Renaissance style under the architect Bernhard Zwitzel from Augsburg; this palace is today known as the "German building" (in German: Deutscher Bau). During a journey to Italy the duke got the inspiration for an additional palace.
Behind the German building, close to the river Isar, the so-called "Italian building" (in German: Italienischer Bau) was constructed from 1537 to 1543 in Italian Renaissance style with a spacious courtyard and the palace chapel. It was modeled in particular after the Palazzo Te in Mantua, and was the first Italian style palace erected north of the Alps. Both buildings were connected by two wings. The paintings in the rooms were created by the Germans Hermanus Posthumus, Hans Bocksberger the Elder and Ludwig Refinger, while the stucco was done by Italian artists.
When Count William of Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen, who became later the first Duke in Bavaria, resided in the palace from 1780 onwards the facade of the German building was altered in French Neo-classical style by Carl Albert von Lespilliez and the so-called "Birkenfeld Rooms" were constructed. These rooms were decorated again with early wallpaper, when Crown Prince Ludwig lived here in the early 19th century, in the course of their studies in Landshut. These rooms are today a part of the Residence Museum, together with the halls of the Italian building.
References
External links
Landshut Residence
Houses completed in 1543
Palaces in Bavaria
Royal residences in Bavaria
Museums in Bavaria
Renaissance architecture in Germany
Historic house museums in Germany
Registered historic buildings and monuments in Bavaria
Buildings and structures in Landshut
1543 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Acrocercops anthracuris is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Maharashtra, India. The host plant for the species is Pongamia pinnata.
References
anthracuris
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1926
Comtex News Network, Inc. is a distributor of news on the Internet, specializing in the business and financial market sectors. The company is a wholesaler of electronic real-time news and content gathered from thousands of sources, including national and international news bureaus, agencies and publications (including Business Wire, Dow Jones, McClatchy Information Services, PR Newswire and United Press International). Comtex enhances and standardizes the content received from such sources in order to provide editorially consistent and technically uniform products to its customers. Its processing includes adding stock ticker symbols, indexing by keyword and category and converting diverse publisher materials and formats into the industry standard delivery format NewsML, an XML derivative. The company slogan is "Relevant. Reliable. Real-Time."
Product areas
The company's product lines include CustomWires, subject-specific newswires including energy, finance, international and public company information; Comtex TopNews, comprising several categories of editorially selected news stories of the day; Publisher Full Feeds, which are deliveries from specific publishers providing their content offerings; and SmarTrend, based on proprietary time-series pattern recognition analysis. Comtex clients include information distributors such as MarketWatch, Factiva, Bloomberg, and Reuters, websites, corporate intranets and market data applications.
History
Comtex was incorporated in New York in 1980 and operated under the name Academic Micropublishing Company, Inc. until 1981, when the name was changed to Comtex Scientific Corporation. From 1989 until 1991 Infotechnology ("Infotech"), a Delaware business development corporation, then principally engaged in the information and communications business, acquired majority ownership of Comtex. From 1991 until 2006 AMASYS Corporation, a successor in interests to Infotech, held a majority ownership position, via a combination of stock and debt. In 2006 Comtex repaid all of its outstanding long-term debt and AMASYS sold all its shares. In late 1999 Comtex changed its name to Comtex News Network, Inc.
In 2004 Chip Brian joined Comtex as VP, Operations and was named President in 2005 and CEO in 2006. A new management team was charged with the reducing debt, strengthening the company's financial base and diversifying product lines.
Business structure
Consistent with standard practice in the information aggregation industry, Comtex generally has renewable long-term contractual relationships with those information providers and information distributors with which it does business. Comtex generates revenues primarily from charges to distributors for the licensing of enhanced content, including CustomWires, TopNews products and publishers' full feeds. Royalties are based upon the customers' business and revenue models such that success in their chosen markets generates increasing revenues for Comtex. Fees and royalties from information distributors comprise the majority of Comtex's revenue. Comtex operates and reports in one segment, business information services.
References
External links
Official Website
SmarTrend Website
Peter Adeney Profile
Comtex SEC Reports
Companies traded over-the-counter in the United States
American financial news websites
Harvey Otis Young (November 23, 1840 – May 13, 1901) was an American painter and prospector. They were a prominent figure in the Denver art scene and a founding member of the Artists' Club of Denver, which eventually became the Denver Art Museum in 1923.
Early life and gold mining
Harvey Otis Young was born on November 23, 1840, in Lyndon, Vermont, the younger of two sons of Wealthy Anne and Otis Jarvis Young. Their father died the following year and their mother gave left their sons with their aunt Aurilla Young and their grandfather David Young. Their mother had moved Somerville, Massachusetts, to work at a nursing home while their sons stayed in Lyndon until their grandfather's death in 1843. Very little is known of their life between 1844 and 1857. Young is believed to have grown up in St. Johnsbury and can be found in the 1850 census records for Caledonia County as a resident of a farm belonging to a George Aldrich. They attended St. Johnsbury Academy and is said to have worked as ornamental painter at Fairbanks Scale Company while their biographer Patricia Trenton doubts this work involved actual artistic duties.
Young left Vermont in 1857 and may have possibly studied art in Worcester, Massachusetts before moving to New York City. In 1859, Young boarded a steamer to California via the Panama Canal in search of gold in the Sierra Nevada mountain range. They arrived on the West Coast in 1860 and set out for the next six years to mine for gold along the Salmon River like thousands of other placer miners who rushed to the region before surface mining was no longer profitable in the mid-1860s.
Art career
Young moved to San Francisco in 1866 and was initially employed as decorator of horse-drawn carriages. In January of the next year, they opened a studio to become a fine artist. They joined the San Francisco Artists' Union in 1868 and exhibited Vernal Fall at the 6th Mechanics' Institute in Fair the same year. In October of the following year, the Snow & Roos Gallery exhibited a collection of their work. In 1870, Young returned to the East Coast on their way to Europe through New York City.
In 1873, they returned to the Sierra Nevada to sketch and made their way thru Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico. The same year, Morris Schwab's gallery exhibited Young's painting Echo Lake, the name of by which several places in California, Colorado, and Utah are known. Several other paintings are dated to the same year, including Great Blue Canyon, Sierra Nevada, and Rocky Mountain Scene, which Trenton wrote "suggest the limitless expanse and remoteness of the frontier region".
In 1879, Young settled briefly in Manitou Springs, Colorado. In moving West again, they had two goals: sketch in preparation for commissioned paintings of the West and participate in mining opportunities. Young had a limited artistic output during the 1880s and focused on mining. There were occasional press reports of their sketches of Colorado and New Mexico but few paintings from their period as a transient miner. Their work was included in the first exhibition of the Denver's Paint and Clay Club and Young began to be praised for their work's "fidelity to nature and for its spiritual content". They began to feature prominently in Denver's art scene and, in 1893, joined the executive committee of the Artists' Club of Denver as well as serving a juror for the organization's exhibitions in 1894 and 1895. The Artists' Club eventually became the Denver Art Museum in 1923.
Their work is held in the collections of the Denver Art Museum, the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center at Colorado College, and the Kirkland Museum of Fine & Decorative Art.
Personal life and death
Young married Josephine Bowyer in 1870 while living in New York City. They had a son, George Bowyer Young. Their daughter Gladys Young was born in Switzerland in 1887. For most of the last two decades of their life, Young lived in Colorado. Besides occasionally traveling with them through Europe, their family briefly resided in Switzerland and Washington, DC, and established a family home in Manitou Springs in 1885 and in Colorado Springs in 1899.
Young died on May 13, 1901, in Colorado Springs. They had recently returned from a trip to Chicago, where they had become ill. They returned to Colorado Springs to recover but suffered a sudden relapse a week later. Their cause of death was recorded as "congestion of the lungs". The funeral a few days later was held at their residence and presided over by William F. Slocum, President of Colorado College.
Notes
References
Sources
1840 births
1901 deaths
Artists from Vermont
19th-century American painters
Prospectors
Chaetostomella completa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
India, Nepal.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1979
Diptera of Asia
"A Message to Your Heart", written and composed by Paul Curtis, was the 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed by singer and actor Samantha Janus. Paul Curtis had also penned the previous year's entry, "Give a Little Love Back to the World".
Janus went on to become a successful actor, starring in the sitcom Game On and the soap EastEnders. Despite their achievements, their entry into the Eurovision is frequently remarked upon. They have said regarding the experience that their failure in the contest devastated them at the time and thought it would spell the end of their career. They have also called their appearance "ridiculous", in that they were dressed in a pink mini-dress while singing about starving children and says the lyrics of the song are burned into their memory forever.
Background
Composition
Like the previous year, composer Paul Curtis submitted a topical entry for consideration; this time, the subjects were the less fortunate, suffering from poverty and starvation. Janus sung of the contrasts between the people who "are hungry just from being born", and the people who have too much, with "their only hunger being greed". The "message to [the] heart" refers to Janus imploring the better-off to, at the very least, say a prayer for the less fortunate, ending with the well-known John Bradford quotation, "There but for the grace of God, go I". The melody of the song is up-tempo.
Selection process
Janus won the right to perform at the contest, held in Rome in March 1991, by winning the UK national final, A Song for Europe, where they were the third singer to perform. As in the previous three years, the winner was picked via a nationwide telephone vote. Janus won over second-place finisher Brendan Faye by only 13,000 votes, in the slimmest margin since the telephone vote was introduced.
At Eurovision
On the night of the contest, Janus was dressed in a pink mini-dress, flanked by three women (Zoe Picot, Lucy Moorby, and Nikki Belsher) in white mini-dresses. They were also joined by two other "ghost" backing singers, masked by a music stand at the back of the stage: Kit Rolfe, who had competed for the UK before in with the song "Love Games" (which, it was claimed, had also used "ghost" singers offstage), and Hazell Dean, who had worked extensively with Stock, Aitken and Waterman in the eighties.
In Rome, the song was performed twentieth on the night, after 's Sergio Dalma with "Bailar pegados", and before ' Elena Patroklou with "SOS". At the end of judging that evening, "A Message to Your Heart" took the tenth-place slot with 47 points. It was the worst showing for the United Kingdom since 1987, and resulted in the 1992 Song for Europe being retooled as far as telephone voting was concerned.
Charts
After Eurovision, the song placed at No. 30 on the UK Singles Chart, and was in the chart for 3 weeks which was considered a big surprise by many.
References
External links
Lyrics from Diggiloo Thrush
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 1991
1991 in the United Kingdom
1991 singles
Songs written by Paul Curtis (musician)
1991 songs
Sony Music singles
Songs about poverty
Josiah Norris (born 1989) is a British alternative comedian, comic actor and screenwriter.
Norris started writing and performing comedy while studying English Literature at the University of East Anglia, alongside fellow comics and writers John Kearns, Jon Brittain and Pat Cahill.
They have performed solo shows at the Edinburgh Fringe since 2012, with their first full hour show in 2013. In 2017 they were included in the Guardian's Comedy Picks of the Fringe. Their 2019 show 'Joz Norris is Dead: Long Live Mr Fruit Salad' won the Comedians Choice Award at the Fringe and transferred to the Soho Theatre, where its initial run was extended due to popular demand. The show was also featured in the Guardian list of the Ten Best Jokes of the Fringe. Norris has also performed at the Fringe in other comics' shows including Adam Larter's Return on Investment in 2015 and, since 2015, they have also performed regularly with the collectives Comedians' Cinema Club and The Alternative Comedy Memorial Society.
 They are a frequent collaborator with Weirdos Comedy Club. They have also collaborated with Up In Arms Theatre Company. Other theatre projects have included their performance in the play 'Timmy' by Roxy Dunn at the Edinburgh Fringe in 2018.
In 2015 Norris won Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy at the Los Angeles Webseries Festival for their performance in the webseries The Backbenchers, and in 2017 their own webseries The Girl Whisperer saw them nominated for awards for Outstanding Lead Actor and Outstanding Writing. Their own short films include Robert Johnson & The Devil Man, a collaboration with director Matthew Highton which received positive notices in the comedy press.
In 2016 they appeared alongside Bob Slayer on an episode of ITV's courtroom reality show Judge Rinder to resolve a dispute over an unpaid fee after a performance at a metal festival. The episode was subsequently reviewed by the comedy website Chortle, noting that it was the first time they had ever had to review an episode of a reality TV show.
Awards
2019: Best Show, Comedians' Choice Awards, Edinburgh Fringe
2015: Outstanding Actor In a Comedy, Los Angeles Webseries Festival
References
1989 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
British comedians
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter A. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of tambons.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
A
Lohnsfeld is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Superior Bank may refer to:
Superior Bancorp - a bank holding company that suffered from bank failure in 2011
Superior Bank of Chicago
Kapitan Laut Buisan (reigned: 1597–1619), also known as Datu Katchil or Sultan Laut Buisan, was the sixth Sultan of Maguindanao in the Philippines. They were a direct descendant of Shariff Kabungsuwan, a Muslim missionary who preached Islam in the Philippines and established the sultanate after marrying a Sulu princess in the 16th century.
Life and career
Buisan was the younger half-brother of Sultan Dimasangcay Adil (reigned: 1578–1585) and Sultan Gugu Sarikula (reigned: 1585–1597), both having ties with the Sultanate of Sulu. They controlled their nephew, the Rajah Muda or crown prince, after displacing their older brother Sarikula. The Rajah Muda was Dimasangcay's son. In 1597, Buisan lost at the Battle of Buayan. So, later, in 1602, they joined forces with Rajah Sirongan to raid Spanish settlements at Cuyo and Calamianes islands with 100 boats that could accommodate over 100 men each. In 1603, Buisan captured a Jesuit cleric named Melchor Hurtado, thus assuring them enough influence to forge an alliance with the datus of Leyte. However, after an unsuccessful raid (pangangayaw as it was locally known) in 1606, Buisan distanced themselves and the Rajah Muda away from Sirongan and established a new community by the Cotabato coast. Earlier, on September 8, 1605, Sirongan had already signed a treaty with the Spanish, swearing allegiance to the King of Spain. The Spanish recognized that Sirongan had real power over Maguindanao and not Buisan. Sirongan then helped the Spanish in fighting the Portuguese in Malacca. Sirongan would then forge an alliance with Ternate and Sulu to attack the Spanish Empire. However soon enough, Sirongan's power waned. Buisan was succeeded by their son, Muhammad Dipatuan Kudarat (reigned: 1619-1671), who first distinguished themselves in a raid in 1616.
See also
List of Sunni Muslim dynasties
References
Filipino datus, rajas and sultans
Filipino Muslims
People of Spanish colonial Philippines
Paramilitary Filipinos
1619 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Filipino nobility
The white-tailed stonechat (Saxicola leucurus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is found in Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Nepal, and Pakistan.
Description
Very similar in plumage to european stonechat (Saxicola rubicola). The male has black head, white collar and bright rufous chest patch. The back and wings are dark, with white on wing coverts and rump. The key differentiating feature from male common stonechat is the white inner webs of outer tail feathers which is visible when the bird spreads the tail in flight or while landing. Note that this may not be visible when the tail is folded. The female is very similar to female european stonechat, but is overall paler with duller rump, tail and wings.
Taxonomy and systematics
Considered monotypic though there are slight variations in plumage for birds from South Assam Hills (where the birds are darker and large billed) and Pakistan (where chest patch is more reddish). Though sympatric with Asian stonechat in its range, they do not intergrade.
Distribution and status
White-tailed stonechats are resident in suitable marshy habitats across plains in Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, North and Central and Eastern parts of India till South Assam Hills & Manipur. They prefer grasslands and marshy areas with tall grass, reeds and tamarisk. They also undertake local movements, based on water availability and possibly for breeding.
Behaviour and ecology
Typical of stonechats, they catch their prey by dropping to ground or making short sallies from their perch. They are generally found in loose pairs, rarely in singles.
Key breeding season is Mar-May when it makes a cup shaped nest in natural depressions on the ground among plants like lotuses or tamarisk.
References
white-tailed stonechat
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of India
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Myanmar
white-tailed stonechat
white-tailed stonechat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a railway station in Yanai, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Ōbatake Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Michael D. Parker is a British Methodist minister and military chaplain.  They are the current Chaplain-General to Their Majesty's Land Forces.
Military career
Educated at the University of Birmingham and the Queen's Foundation, where they trained as Methodist minister, Parker was commissioned into the Royal Army Chaplains' Department in 2000. They became Deputy Chaplain-General to the Army in September 2020 and Chaplain-General to Them Majesty's Land Forces on 8 May 2022.
References
Living people
British Methodist ministers
Chaplains General to the Forces
Year of birth missing (living people)
James Robert Bain (1851 – 27 February 1913) was a British Conservative Party politician who represented Egremont, Cumberland in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1900 to 1906.
They died at their home in London on 27 February 1913.
Electoral history
References
1851 births
1913 deaths
UK MPs 1900–1906
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People from Egremont, Cumbria
Heaven Knows may refer to:
Albums
Heaven Knows (Jaki Graham album), 1985
Heaven Knows (Blancmange album), 1992
Heaven Knows (Rick Price album), 1992
Songs
"Heaven Knows" (Donna Summer song), 1978
"Heaven Knows" (Robert Plant song), 1988
"Heaven Knows" (When in Rome song), 1988
"Heaven Knows" (Lalah Hathaway song), 1990
"Heaven Knows" (Rick Price song), 1992
"Heaven Knows" (Luther Vandross song), 1993
"Heaven Knows" (Squeeze song), 1995
"Heaven Knows" (Nana Mizuki song), 2001
"Heaven Knows" (Taylor Hicks song), 2006
"Heaven Knows" (The Pretty Reckless song), 2013
"Heaven Knows", by Boyzone from A Different Beat, 1996
"Heaven Knows", by The Corrs from Forgiven, Not Forgotten, 1995
"Heaven Knows", by The Grass Roots from Leaving It All Behind, 1969
"Heaven Knows", by Mari Hamada from Colors, 1990
"Heaven Knows", by Rise Against from Revolutions per Minute, 2003
See also
Heaven Only Knows (disambiguation)
Oppenheimer Stadium is a football (soccer) stadium in Orkney, South Africa. It currently has a capacity of 23,000, but it has increased to 40,000 during the 2010 Football World Cup.
The existing earth embankments around the stadium will be enlarged by creating a new reinforced concrete structure at the rear and building upwards.
The size of the arena will be further increased by the removal of the athletics track, enabling in front of the first row of seats and creating girth for further rows to be installed.
Then, the existing roof of the main stand will be removed and replaced by a new roof covering the extended main stand.
It was named after Harry Oppenheimer, son of Ernest Oppenheimer and former chairperson of De Beers.
On 13 January 1991, during a pre-season "friendly" football match between Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates, there was a stampede with 42 deaths, the Oppenheimer Stadium Disaster, the second worst sporting incident in South Africa.
The stadium has since been vandalized and is in no condition to hold any sporting event.
Soccer venues in South Africa
Sports venues in North West (South African province)
Bramham Park is a Grade I listed 18th-century country house in Bramham, between Leeds and Wetherby, in West Yorkshire, England.
The house, constructed of magnesian limestone ashlar with stone slate roofs in a classical style, is built to a linear plan with a main range linked by colonnades to flanking pavilions. The main block is of three storeys with a raised forecourt. The house is surrounded by a 200 ha (500 acre) landscaped park ornamented by a series of follies and avenues laid out in the 18th-century landscape tradition, surrounded by 500 ha (1235 acres) of arable farmland. Bramham park is used annually for the Leeds Festival.
History
The Baroque mansion was built in 1698 for Robert Benson, 1st Baron Bingley. It has remained in the ownership of Benson's descendants since its completion in 1710. They died with no male heirs and the barony was extinguished. The estate passed into the hands of their son-in-Law George Fox-Lane (c.1697–1773), who was given the re-created title of Baron Bingley in 1763. Their son and heir, the Honourable Robert Fox-Lane, Member of Parliament for York, predeceased them in 1768 and the barony consequently became extinct a second time on their death in 1773. The estate was inherited for life by their illegitimate daughter Mary, who had married Sir John Goodricke of Ribston Hall and died in 1792. It then passed to the first Baron's nephew, James Fox-Lane, who considerably improved the estate.
From them the estate went to their son George Lane-Fox, known as "The Gambler", who was the MP for Beverley. Following a serious fire in 1828 they were obliged to move to nearby Bowcliffe Hall. The Bramham Park house was then left empty and derelict for 80 years until restored for their grandson George Lane-Fox under the supervision of the architect Detmar Blow in about 1908. George became 1st Baron Bingley of the third creation when the title was recreated in 1933, but had four daughters and no sons meaning that the barony was extinguished for the third time upon their death. The house was inherited by their eldest daughter Marcia, whose husband Joe Ward-Jackson adopted the Lane-Fox surname. Their son George Lane Fox (1931–2012), after 20 years in the Household Cavalry, moved into the Hall and put the estate on an up-to-date financial footing, founding the annual Bramham Horse Trials in 1974.
Today it remains a private residence in the hands of George's son, Nick, while the park is the setting for the Horse Trials and the Leeds Festival, which moved to Bramham in 2003.
A restricted area of the grounds is kept as gardens and run as a tourist attraction — visitors can also tour the house but only in pre-arranged parties.
It was used as the setting for the third series of The Syndicate.
Architecture
Bramham is a product of a grand tour; its creator Robert Benson, later Lord Bingley, completed their formal education with a grand tour in 1697, and whilst in Italy they began to envisage their new mansion in the Palladian manner complemented in a landscaped park, in the fashion made popular by Le Nôtre in France in the late 17th century.
The architect of Bramham is unknown, although it is speculated that Giacomo Leoni was involved (Leoni was responsible for the rebuilding of Lyme Park in an Italianate style in the neighbouring county of Cheshire some years later). However, Leoni did not arrive in England until several years after the completion of Bramham. Other names suggested include those of James Gibbs, Thomas Archer and James Paine. It is known that Paine designed the stables which flank the corps de logis, but the other contenders were too young. The only chronological possibility is Thomas Archer (1668–1743). The most likely scenario is that Bramham is the work of Robert Benson himself, probably working with a local draughtsman. While it is also quite possible that Benson was inspired by drawings taken from Palladio's books, the design of the house suggests that Benson was more inspired by the restrained Baroque style then popular in France, the style in which Mansart's Versailles was constructed between 1678 and 1684. Indeed, it has been speculated that Versaille's landscape architect André le Nôtre had a hand in the design of Bramham's landscaped park.
The architect William Talman has also been suggested as a possible architect, and they were indeed working on Chatsworth House some sixty miles away from Bramham at this time. However, unlike Chatsworth (which is far larger), Bramham is given flanking wings more in the Palladian style, linked to the house by short colonnades. The flanking wings contained the kitchen in the south wing, and the chapel in the north, thus – as at the Baroque Blenheim Palace – balancing both spiritual and bodily needs equally. However, while Campbell's drawing of Bramham show the never-executed statuary on the roof and near-perfect proportions, the reality of the executed design suggests a less professional hand than Talman's. Two low projecting wings from the corps de logis complicate the design, while the two colonnades are not quite long enough to give the flanking wings the independence from the main house to allow their design to be fully appreciated.
Interior
The interior of Bramham Park was completely restored in the early part of the 20th century, having mostly been abandoned after the fire of 1828. The central Great Hall, double storey in height and severe in its Baroque design, still bears the smoke staining on its stone walls.
Grounds
The parkland surrounding the house contains a number of grades I listed ornamental structures, including:
The Chapel
Situated at the rear of the house, the chapel, was built around 1760 by James Paine for George Fox Lane in the local Magnesian limestone ashlar. It was constructed in the classical style as a single unit of 2 storeys and 3 bays and with a porch and four Ionic columns across the full width of ground floor.
Originally built as a Palladian Temple it was later used as an Orangery, a summerhouse and then consecrated as a chapel around 1906.
The Gothic temple
South of the house stands the Gothic Temple, also constructed of Magnesian limestone ashlar in the 18th century. Built in a Gothic style in two storeys it is octagonal in plan with buttresses at each corner.
In 1907 it was converted into a water tower to supply spring water to the house and was used as such until after the World War II.
The Open Temple
The Open Temple was probably constructed in the early 18th century in Magnesian limestone ashlar and was built in a classical style as a single cell with a pedimented 3-bay facade.
The temple was also known as the Lead Lads Temple from the lead statues which once stood on the pediment. They were stolen by vandals.
The Ionic Temple or Rotunda
Standing in the Black Fen pleasure ground, the Ionic Temple was probably built in the mid 18th century by James Paine for George Lane Fox. It is constructed of sandstone ashlar in the form of a circular Ionic temple on a 3-step podium with a colonnade of 16 unfluted Ionic columns supporting an entablature.
The Black Fen lies a mile from the house. From the Rotunda six straight paths lead to other features of the estate.
Legacy
Bramham Island on the north side of Queen Charlotte Strait in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, was named after Bramham Park. Named in association with it were Slingsby Channel, on its north side, and the Fox Islands, which lie in the entrance to that channel at its opening into Queen Charlotte Strait.
It became the filming location of the third series of The Syndicate in 2014; the manor was used as the fictional Hazelwood manor.
See also
Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Listed buildings in Bramham cum Oglethorpe
Listed buildings in Barwick in Elmet and Scholes
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Country houses in West Yorkshire
Gardens in West Yorkshire
Historic house museums in West Yorkshire
Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Thomas Archer buildings
Grade I listed houses
George Baker (1687–1772) was the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1740 until 1772.
They were the son of Aaron Baker (born 1652), Rector of Alvingham. George became vicar of Modbury, Devon. They married Mary, the daughter of Stephen Weston, Bishop of Exeter. Their son George became a physician and later a baronet.
References
1687 births
1772 deaths
Archdeacons of Totnes
Oare Mill is a Grade II listed house converted Tower mill in Oare, Kent, England that was built in the late eighteenth or early nineteenth century.
History
Oare mill was built in the late eighteenth or early nineteenth century. It was marked on the 1819–42 Ordnance Survey map and Greenwood's map of 1821. The mill was working until June 1919. There was a steam engine, the boiler of which once exploded and damaged the Mill Cottages and Windmill Inn. Photographs show that the cap was still on the mill in 1952, but the roof had gone by 1963. In that year the derelict mill was converted into a house, retaining some machinery. A new domed polygonal roof fitted to replace the original cap.
Description
Oare Mill is a five-storey tower mill with a stage at first-floor level. It formerly had four single patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft, and a Kentish-style cap. The cap was the largest on any mill in Kent, measuring by in plan and high. The mill was winded by a fantail. It drove four pairs of millstones overdrift. The wallower remains, mounted at the top of the Upright Shaft, which is wooden and square. The Great Spur Wheel also remains.
Millers
Elliott - 1819
Thomas K Hope
Robert Shrubsole
Kennett 1841
F Inge
H W Elliott 1862
Thomas K Hope 1878
B Filmer
Herbert Filmer 1882–1886
F Ralph 1891
Herbert Filmer Sep 1917 – Jun 1919
References for above:-
References
External links
Windmill World page on the mill.
Buildings and structures completed in the 19th century
Windmills in Kent
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
Keijo Tiitola (born 22 September 1964) is a Finnish biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Finnish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Finland
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Pälkäne
Sportspeople from Pirkanmaa
Amadlozi are African spiritual figures of the Nguni people. The Nguni people believe that these entities can be summoned for assistance and protection. This belief plays an integral part in explaining some of the attitudes Nguni people have around subjects such as fertility, life, death, fortune, and misfortune. Amadlozi are also believed to have the power to guide their people towards a life of purpose and integrity. These figures are also said to be governed by superior spiritual beings known as iThonga. iThonga is regarded as primary custodians of umsamo (Nguni's physical and spiritual center).
The Nguni people believe there is no way to lead normal lives without giving thanks to the elders who came before them. There are different ways they show their gratitude and pay their respects to these spiritual figures. Slaughtering an animal such as a cow, goat or chicken, is seen as a way of appeasing amadlozi for example. Amadlozi are highly regarded as life-giving forces and are respected as so through out generations in the Nguni culture.
References
Zulu mythology
Nguni
Veneration of the dead
South African ghosts
Panagiotis Moraitis (; born 1 February 1997) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker for Super League 2 club Apollon Smyrnis.
Club career
Budućnost Podgorica
On 26 February 2020, Moraitis signed a half-season contract with Montenegrin First League club Budućnost Podgorica. They scored eight goals in their first nine league matches for Budućnost. Moraitis remained in Montenegro during the COVID-19 pandemic and at one point was obligated to serve the Hellenic Armed Forces as a conscript in June 2020. However, an agreement was made such that they no longer needed to serve for the time being.
Borac Banja Luka
On 1 March 2021, Moraitis signed a contract with Bosnian Premier League club Borac Banja Luka. They officially debuted for Borac in a Bosnian Cup game against Široki Brijeg on 10 March 2021. Moraitis scored their first goal for the club in a league game against Radnik Bijeljina on 2 April 2021. They won their first trophy with Borac on 23 May 2021, getting crowned Bosnian Premier League champions one game before the end of the 2020–21 season.
International career
Moraitis represented Greece on various youth levels.
Honours
Panachaiki
Gamma Ethniki: 2016–17
Budućnost Podgorica
Montenegrin First League: 2019–20
Borac Banja Luka
Bosnian Premier League: 2020–21
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Montenegrin First League players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Panachaiki F.C. players
FK Budućnost Podgorica players
FK Borac Banja Luka players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Agrinio
Albirex Niigata Ladies is a women's football club based in Niigata and affiliated with Albirex Niigata, founded in 2002. The team currently plays in the WE League, the highest division of women's football in Japan.
Players
First-team squad
Honours
Domestic competitions
Empress's Cup
Runners-up (4) : 2011, 2013, 2015, 2016
Season-by-season
Manager history
Tatsuyuki Okuyama (2008–2012)
Futoshi Nonaka (2013–20??)
Daisuke Muramatsu (20??–present)
See also
List of women's football clubs in Japan
References
External links
Official website
Women's football clubs in Japan
Association football clubs established in 2002
2002 establishments in Japan
Albirex Niigata
Japan Women's Football League teams
Sports teams in Niigata Prefecture
WE League clubs
Albert Levame (19 January 1881 – 5 December 1958) was a Monagasque prelate of the Catholic Church who worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See.
Biography
Albert Levame was born in Monaco on 19 January 1881. They studied at the Jesuit College of the Visitation there and then at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. They were ordained a priest on 21 May 1905.
To prepare for a diplomatic career they entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in 1907. They early postings included stints in Vienna, Prague, Buenos Aires, and Paris.
On 21 December 1933, Pope Pius XI named them a titular archbishop of Chersonesus in Zechia and Apostolic Nuncio to El Salvador and to Honduras. They received their episcopal consecration from Cardinal Eugenio Pacelli on 4 February 1934.
On 12 November 1939, Pope Pius XII named them nuncio to Uruguay and to Paraguay. They resigned from the Paraguay position in 1941.
On 3 October 1949, Pope Pius appointed them Apostolic Internuncio to Egypt. There they took part in the negotiations that resolved the controversy over the teaching of the Christian religion in schools.
They were named Apostolic Nuncio to Ireland on 16 June 1954.
They died in the nunciature in Dublin on 5 December 1958. They had been ill for several months.
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Albert Levame
Apostolic Nuncios to El Salvador
Apostolic Nuncios to Honduras
Apostolic Nuncios to Egypt
Apostolic Nuncios to Uruguay
Apostolic Nuncios to Paraguay
Apostolic Nuncios to Ireland
1958 deaths
1881 births
The Department of Defense Distinguished Civilian Service Award is the highest civilian award given by the United States Department of Defense. This award and accompanying Distinguished Civilian Service Medal is the department's highest award given to career DoD civilian employees whose careers reflect exceptional devotion to duty and whose contributions to the efficiency, economy, or other improvements in DoD operations are of a significantly broad scope
First recipient
Originally, the Distinguished Civilian Service Medal was awarded by United States Department of War for work in the intelligence service. Earl H. Pritchard was the first recipient of the award for their service from 1942 to 1945 when they were a civilian analyst with military intelligence during the Second World War.
See also
Awards and decorations of the United States government
References
Secretary of Defense Honorary Awards
2015 DOD press release
2014 DOD press release
DONHQ
DOD press release
Defense Distinguished Civilian Service Award
A hafir is an artificially constructed water catchment basin with a circular earthen wall and diameters of between 70-250 m and heights of up to 7 m. Adapted to semi-desert conditions, the hafirs catch the water during the rainy season to have it available for several months during the dry season to supply drinking water, irrigate fields and water cattle. It is used in central Sudan from time immemorial.
History
Hafirs were an important feature of the Meroitic civilization in the Butana and were often built in the immediate vicinity of temples, for example the Great Hafir near the Lion Temple in Musawwarat es-Sufra. 800 ancient and modern hafirs have been registered in the Butana. Some scholars assume that the hafirs near temples were a Meroitic policy to control pastoralists' movements and collect taxes.
This irrigation technique was improved at the time of the Turkish-Egyptian rule in present Sudan. At the end of the 1940s, the British colonial government used an irrigation program to allow the mechanised cultivation of sorghum.
Present-day
Hafirs are still constructed and used today in central Sudan. Today's hafirs hold between 10,000 m3 and 60,000 m3 of water mostly administered by village communities and are used for irrigation. Only the hafirs excavated by the government are also accessible to the herds of nomads.
Notes
Water supply infrastructure
Vernacular architecture
Geography of Sudan
Payload is the second extended play by Australian rock music group, Hunters & Collectors, which was issued on 29 November 1982. It was co-produced by the group and Mike Howlett; and reached No. 31 on the New Zealand Singles Chart but did not reach the top 100 in Australia. Its lead single, "Lumps of Lead", was also released in November but did not chart in either Australia or New Zealand despite a music video by filmmaker, Richard Lowenstein.
Background
Payload is a four-track extended play released by Australian rock group, Hunters & Collectors, in November 1982. The group had formed in the previous year and by mid-1982 consisted of John Archer on bass guitar; Geoff Crosby on keyboards; Doug Falconer on drums; Robert Miles as live sound and art director; Greg Perano on percussion; Mark Seymour on guitar and lead vocals; and newly joined Martin Lubran on guitar. Their brass section, Horns of Contempt, consisted of Jack Howard on trumpet, Jeremy Smith on French horn, and Michael Waters on trombone.
The EP was co-produced by fellow Australian Mike Howlett, a former member of the band Gong, and the group. In February it reached No. 31 on the New Zealand Singles Chart, but it did not reach the top 100 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart. filmmaker, Richard Lowenstein, directed the music video for the lead single, "Lumps of Lead", but it did not chart in Australia or New Zealand. In 1983 the band toured the United Kingdom for six months and signed with Virgin Records. The label compiled three tracks from the band's debut album, Hunters & Collectors (July 1982), and all four tracks from Payload into an album also called Hunters & Collectors, which was released in April 1983. A three-record deal with Virgin was broken when band members insulted the label's executive, Simon Draper, by telling them that they were "a poncy little blueblood" with no faith in them.
Track listing
Charts
Personnel
Credited to:
Hunters & Collectors members
John Archer – bass guitar, backing vocals
Geoff Crosby – keyboards, Korg MS-20
Doug Falconer – drums
Martin Lubran – guitar
Robert Miles – live sound, art director
Greg Perano – percussion
Mark Seymour – guitar, lead vocals
Horns of Contempt members
Jack Howard – trumpet
Jeremy Smith – French horn
Michael Waters – trombone
Additional musicians
Karen Ansel, Christine Bodey, Margot Dual, La-Chelle Gera – backing vocals on "Drop Tank"
Production details
Producer – Mike Howlett, Hunters & Collectors
Engineer – Christo Curtis, Jim Barton
Studio – AAV Studios, Melbourne (recording); Studios 301, Sydney (mixing)
Cover art – Robert Miles
References
Hunters & Collectors albums
1982 EPs
albums produced by Mike Howlett
Sean Stemaly is an American country singer and songwriter. They were signed to Big Loud Records.
Biography
Stemaly was born in Western Kentucky, and raised in Newburgh, IN. Prior to pursuing a career in music, Stemaly worked for their father and grandfather who operate a land development company and a farm. In their teens, Stemaly taught themselves to sing while driving a tractor. Stemaly cites Ronnie Dunn, Tyler Childers, and Luke Combs as musical influences.
In August 2019, Stemaly signed with Big Loud Records and released the track "Back on a Backroad", co-written by Hardy.
Since joining Big Loud, Stemaly has released four more songs: “Z71”, "Last Night All Day", "Come Back to Bed", and "As Far As I Know". Stemaly has also opened on tour dates for Morgan Wallen, Riley Green, Hardy, Lanco, and Chris Lane.
Discography
Studio albums
Music videos
References
American male singer-songwriters
American country singer-songwriters
Big Loud artists
Country musicians from Indiana
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Singer-songwriters from Indiana
Bis(benzonitrile)palladium dichloride is the coordination complex with the formula PdCl2(NCC6H5)2. It is the adduct of two benzonitrile (PhCN) ligands with palladium(II) chloride. It is a yellow-brown solid that is soluble in organic solvents. The compound is a reagent and a precatalyst for reactions that require soluble Pd(II). A closely related compound is bis(acetonitrile)palladium dichloride.
The complex is prepared by dissolving PdCl2 in warm benzonitrile. The PhCN ligands are labile, and the complex reverts to PdCl2 in noncoordinating solvents. According to X-ray crystallography, the two PhCN ligands are mutually trans.
References
Palladium compounds
Homogeneous catalysis
Coordination complexes
Chloro complexes
ASA Chesapeake Charge is an amateur, American women's soccer club that played in the Women's Premier Soccer League, the second level of women's soccer in the United States founded in 2010. It also participated in the Women's Premier Soccer League Elite in 2012, the league's lone season. It played its home games in various stadiums, mostly on high-school and college grounds, in Chesapeake Bay area, and in the state of Maryland.
Year-by-Year
Players
The team roster consists of amateur, NCAA-compliant, players who also play in collegiate and high school leagues.
ASA Chesapeake Charge team roster
Honors
Women's Premier Soccer League
Divisional champions: 2013, 2014, 2015
Conference runners-up: 2011, 2013
Women's Amateur: 2013
Women's Open runners-up: 2014, 2015
External links
ASA Chesapeake Charge club website
WPSL: ASA Chesapeake Charge
References
Association football clubs established in 2010
2010 establishments in Maryland
Women's Premier Soccer League Elite teams
The 2015 Hartlepool Borough Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of the Hartlepool Borough Council in England. It was held on the same day as other local elections.
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
2010s in County Durham
Jeffrey Jensen Arnett is a professor in the Department of Psychology at Clark University in Massachusetts. Their main research interest is in "emerging adulthood", a term they coined, which refers to the distinct phase between adolescence and young adulthood, occurring from the ages of 18 to 25.
Career
Jeffrey Arnett completed a B.S. in psychology, at Michigan State University in 1980. Five years later, they finished an M.A. in developmental psychology at University of Virginia. In 1986 they finished their Ph.D., also at the University of Virginia, in developmental psychology. From 1986 to 1989, they were an Assistant Professor of Psychology, at Oglethorpe University, Atlanta, Georgia. From 1989 to 1992, they were a research associate at the Rush-Presbyterian-St. Luke's Medical Center in Chicago. From 1989 to 1992, they were a postdoctoral fellow at the Northwestern University Department of Psychiatry and the Committee on Human Development at the University of Chicago. From 1992 to 1998 they were an associate professor at the University of Missouri. They were awarded tenure in 1996. From 1998 to 2005, they were a visiting associate professor at the University of Maryland, Department of Human Development and Department of Psychology.
Arnett authored a book on heavy metal subculture and teens, entitled Metalheads: Heavy Metal Music and Adolescent Alienation (1996, Westview Press). They also authored a textbook entitled Adolescence and Emerging Adulthood: A Cultural Approach (Prentice Hall). In May 2013, they coauthored a book (with Elizabeth Fishel), entitled Getting to 30: A Parent's Guide to the 20-Something Years. Arnett is a proponent of the idea that Generation Z is more "thoughtful and civic-minded" than previous generations.
Emerging adulthood
Emerging adulthood is a phase of the life span between adolescence and full-fledged adulthood, proposed by Arnett in a 2000 article in the American Psychologist. Emerging adulthood also encompasses late adolescence and early adulthood. It primarily applies to young adults in developed countries who do not have children, do not live in their own home, or do not have sufficient income to become fully independent in their early to late 20s.
Arnett says emerging adulthood is the period between 18 and 25 years of age where adolescents become more independent and explore various life possibilities. Emerging adulthood is a new demographic, is contentiously changing, and some believe that twenty-somethings have always struggled with "identity exploration, instability, self-focus, and feeling in-between".
Jeffrey Arnett explains four movements that gave rise to this stage in life. The movements are: Youth movement, Technology revolution, Sexual revolution and women´s movement. The factor that has revolutionized manufacturing and has been crucial is the technology revolution. It helped others be aware that education is essential, it has also spread rapidly to all the world.
Different psychologists and scientists have described different ways of explaining the transition to adulthood. Terms like "late adolescence" and "young adulthood" have been used before, however, Arnett explains that these terms don't work because "the lives of persons in their late teens and 20s are vastly different from the lives of most adolescents", and "young adulthood has been used already to refer to such diverse age periods." This creates a need for the term Emerging Adulthood.
In some cultures, it is more helpful for this period of life between 18 and 25 years of age to be described as emerging adulthood instead of being the "tail-end of a so-called extended adolescence, or as the early part of a so-called young adulthood that stretches from 18 years to 40 or 45 years of age".
Why Does It Take so Long to Grow Up Today?
In a 2015 TED talk titled "Why Does It Take So Long To Grow Up Today?", Arnett detailed four revolutions that have led to an increase in the age of adulthood and have contributed to the emergence of their new stage of emerging adulthood. These are the technology and sexual revolutions, the Women's Movement, and the Youth Movement.
The technology revolution details moving away from a manufacturing economy and embracing a knowledge economy. Arnett argues that a significant share of the job market is dominated by the information and technology industry. Jobs in these fields are specialized and require more education. Arnett states that this increased emphasis on continuing education has led to a delay in completing other benchmarks of adulthood, such as marriage.
The sexual revolution is defined by the increase in the age of marriage, but in the decrease in the age of sexual experience. Arnett theorizes that the invention of birth control pills and more efficient contraceptives have resulted in a separation of sex and marriage. This means that young people spend much more time in sexual relationships that do not result in marriage. The goal of prolonging youth and holding onto the wild and fun era of life added to the decrease in age for sexual experiences.
The Women's Movement has led to an increase in the age that women begin seeking out a marital partner. This increase is a result of increased work and education opportunities for women. Arnett states that women are being considered for more employment positions in fields that have historically been open only to men. These increased opportunities have led to more women spending their 20s pursuing their education and their careers, and thus delaying marriage and childbearing.
The Youth Movement is an attitude of delaying getting older by trying to prolong youth. According to Arnett, youth are not in a rush to adulthood and are thus reaching milestones at older ages. As parenting styles have become less authoritarian and moved toward permissiveness, the pressure on an adolescent to move out and begin adulthood has minimized. Members of older generations have begun to encourage young people to "hold onto their youth", as well.
Some may perceive emerging adulthood as a period of selfish behavior due to its focus on self-exploration. For most emerging adults, this period of their lives is the first time they have been able to have full autonomy and personal freedom. This freedom can lead to reckless behavior as emerging adults explore their new-found independence. For example, many emerging adults participate in heavy drinking and drug use. While these behaviors may create lifelong destructive habits, most emerging adults report feeling "in control" and that they have the ability to redirect their lives.
Distinction from young adulthood and adolescence
Arnett suggests that there are a few reasons why the term young adulthood is not fit to describe the developmental period of the late teens and early twenties. First, the term "young adulthood" suggests that at this developmental stage, adulthood has already been reached. Arnett states that most people in this developmental stage believe they have not yet reached adulthood. Instead, they believe they are slowly progressing into adulthood, and thus the term "emerging adulthood" is much more appropriate.
What is more, if the years 18-25 are classified as "young adulthood," Arnett believes that it is then difficult to find an appropriate term for the thirties and that it is nonsensical to combine the late teenage years, twenties, and thirties together because the 18‑25 age period and the thirties are very distinct from one another. They say that while most 18- to 20-year-olds in the United States don't see themselves as adults and are still in the process of obtaining an education, are unmarried, and are childless, most people in their thirties in the United States see themselves as adults, have settled on a career, are married, and have at least one child.
Currently, it is appropriate to define adolescence as the period spanning ages 10 to 18. This is because people in this age group in the United States typically live at home with their parents, are undergoing pubertal changes, attend middle schools or junior high schools, and are involved in a "school-based peer culture". All of these characteristics are no longer normative after the age of 18, and it is therefore considered inappropriate to call the late teenage years and early twenties "adolescence" or "late adolescence". Furthermore, in the United States, the age of 18 is the age at which people are able to legally vote.
Selected publications
Arnett, Jeffrey Jensen. (2010). Adolescence and emerging adulthood: A cultural approach (4th ed.). Boston: Prentice Hall.
Arnett, Jeffrey Jensen. (Ed.) (2007). International encyclopedia of adolescence. New York: Routledge.
Arnett, Jeffrey Jensen. (Ed.) (2007).Encyclopedia of children, adolescents, and the media. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.
Arnett, Jeffrey Jensen. (2007). Adolescence and emerging adulthood: A cultural approach (3rd ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.
Arnett, Jeffrey Jensen, & Tanner, J. L. (Eds.) (2006). Emerging adults in America: Coming of age in the 21st century. Washington, DC: American Psychogical Association.
References
External link
Clark University faculty
American psychologists
Developmental psychologists
Living people
Michigan State University alumni
University of Virginia alumni
Oglethorpe University faculty
University of Missouri faculty
University of Maryland, College Park faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Madison Speedway is a 3/8, black gumbo clay oval racetrack located in Madison, Minnesota. It is situated south of the town across the train tracks on State Highway 75 (Eighth Avenue).
Track information
The track currently runs on Saturday nights with WISSOTA sanctioning in five of their six divisions. The track also runs a local division of Pure Stocks.
Weekly program
Madison Speedway has a program complete with WISSOTA Modifieds, WISSOTA Midwest Modifieds, WISSOTA Super Stocks, and WISSOTA Street Stocks. Pure Stocks are also included in the Saturday night program. Starting in 2012 Madison Speedway will be running their weekly shows on Saturday night.
References
External links
The Official Website of Madison Speedway
Tourist attractions in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota
Motorsport venues in Minnesota
Michael Christopher Starr (April 4, 1966 – March 8, 2011) was an American musician best known as the original bassist for the rock band Alice in Chains, with which they played from the band's formation in 1987 until January 1993. They were also a member of Sato, Gypsy Rose, and Sun Red Sun. In 2011, Starr died of a prescription drug overdose at the age of 44.
Career
In 1983, Starr formed the heavy metal band Sato. Their song "Leather Warrior" appeared on Northwest Metalfest, a compilation album featuring various metal acts released in 1984 by Seattle label Ground Zero Records. Starr briefly joined another band, Gypsy Rose, which included early Alice N' Chains producer Tim Branom on lead vocals and their future bandmate Jerry Cantrell on guitar. Starr and Cantrell left Gypsy Rose and started working in other bands. Cantrell wanted to form a new band and their roommate, Layne Staley, gave them the phone number of Melinda Starr, the girlfriend of drummer Sean Kinney, so that Cantrell could talk to him. Kinney and their girlfriend went to the Music Bank and listened to Cantrell's demos. Cantrell mentioned that they needed a bass player to jam with them and they had someone in mind: Mike Starr, with whom Cantrell had played in the band Gypsy Rose in Burien. Kinney pointed at their girlfriend and said: "that's weird cause that's their sister". Kinney called Starr and a few days later they jammed with them and Cantrell at the Music Bank. However, the band did not have a singer. The trio then began staging what Cantrell and Kinney later said were fake auditions in order to coax Staley into joining their band. Eventually, Staley quit the other bands they were performing with at that time and joined their band on a full-time basis.
This band gained attention in the Seattle area playing under several different monikers before they eventually settled on the name Alice in Chains, which they had taken from Staley's previous band Alice N' Chains. The band was later signed to a record deal with Columbia Records and enjoyed extensive success via record sales and radio play in the grunge rock movement of the early 1990s.
Starr parted ways with Alice in Chains just as the band was achieving its greatest commercial success while touring behind the album Dirt in 1993. According to the band's lead vocalist Layne Staley in a February 1994 Rolling Stone article, Starr's departure from Alice in Chains stemmed from "just a difference in priorities. We wanted to continue intense touring and press, Mike was ready to go home." Starr, however, contradicted this account on an episode of Celebrity Rehab, claiming that they were kicked out of the band due to their escalating drug use.
Starr later was hired to play bass for the band Sun Red Sun, which featured Ray Gillen and Bobby Rondinelli, both former members of Black Sabbath. The project was cut short by Gillen's death in 1993. After the disbandment of Sun Red Sun, Starr stopped playing music professionally until 2010, as their drug use spiraled out of control.
In 2010, Starr recorded a cover of Sonic Youth's "Kool Thing" with singer Leiana. The song premiered on radio during Starr's last interview, which was for Dr. Drew Pinsky's show Loveline aired on February 16, 2010. That same year, Starr was reportedly putting together a new band which had secured a spot opening for the band Days of the New.
Personal life
Starr claimed that Layne Staley saved their lives when Alice in Chains was on tour in January 1993 with Nirvana in Brazil. According to Starr, both Staley and Kurt Cobain gave them shots of heroin one night on tour. Right after Staley had shot them up again, Starr collapsed, but Staley revived them by giving them CPR. Starr recalled waking up to find Staley hysterically crying.
In April 1994, Starr was arrested for drug possession at Houston's Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas. As they were trying to check in for a flight to Los Angeles with a suitcase that they stole from the baggage claim area, authorities at the airport searched them and found they were carrying marijuana. They were sentenced to 30 days in a jail in Houston. Starr admitted stealing the luggage after they discovered that their own luggage was damaged.
In an interview on VH1's Celebrity Rehab with Layne Staley's mother, Nancy McCallum, Starr said that they spent time with Staley on April 4, 2002 (the day before Staley died). Starr claimed that Staley was very sick, refused to call 911, and would sever their friendship if Starr called 911. The two ex-bandmates briefly argued, and Starr stormed out. Starr stated that Staley called after them as they left: "Not like this, don't leave like this". Staley is believed to have died a day later, on April 5; Starr was the last person known to have seen Staley alive. The interview ended with Starr apologizing to McCallum for not calling 911. McCallum was insistent that neither they nor anyone in their family blamed Starr for Staley's death. They also told Starr: "Layne would forgive you. He'd say, 'Hey, I did this. Not you.'" Starr still blamed themselves for Staley's death. Starr kept this story a secret until their appearance on Celebrity Rehab in February 2010. "I wish I hadn't been high on Benzodiazepine [that night], I wouldn't have just walked out the door", Starr said. Both Jerry Cantrell and Sean Kinney criticized the show Celebrity Rehab, calling it "disgusting". However, they stopped short of criticizing their former bandmate and expressed hope that Starr would turn their life around.
Starr was convicted of felony drug possession in 2003, and a bench warrant was issued on August 25, 2003, when they failed to appear for sentencing.
Also in 2003, Starr and their father, John Starr, were arrested for allegedly doing drugs on a Southwest flight from Los Angeles to Salt Lake City. John Starr said they were taking their son to drug rehabilitation in Seattle at the time. Investigators found the Starrs to be in possession of a syringe and balloons filled with heroin. Mike Starr had other drugs in their pockets, and the Starrs had drug paraphernalia in their luggage. Starr claimed their father forced them to shoot up on the plane.
In April 2005, Starr was arrested in Seattle for vandalism after they were caught pulling the hood ornament off a car. It was reported that their past charges included DUI, reckless driving, and various drug charges.
On September 28, 2009, Starr was arrested in Los Angeles on drug charges. The arrest was a felony narcotics charge. They were held at the Bauchet Street Jail with bail set at $100,000.
Starr was featured in the third season of the VH1 reality television series Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew in 2010, which documented their treatment for methadone addiction beginning in August 2009 at the Pasadena Recovery Center. Their subsequent stint staying in a sober living environment was then documented on the spinoff Sober House. They and fellow recovering addicts Mackenzie Phillips and Tom Sizemore appeared in the eighth episode of Celebrity Rehab'''s fourth season to provide testimonials about their recovery to that season's patients. During this appearance, Starr marked six months and seven days of sobriety.
In February 2011, Starr was arrested in Salt Lake City for investigation of drug possession and on an outstanding warrant from 2003. Starr was the passenger in a van that was pulled over for a routine traffic violation. According to jail documents, Starr was illegally in possession of prescription medication.
Death
On March 8, 2011, at 1:42 pm, police were called to a home in Salt Lake City where they found the 44-year-old Starr's body. There were no indications of foul play, and authorities suspected Starr died of a drug overdose. A public memorial was held for Starr at Experience Music Project in Seattle on March 20, 2011. There were roughly 400 people in attendance. A private memorial was also held, which was attended by Starr's former bandmates Jerry Cantrell and Sean Kinney. Dr. Drew Pinsky has said that Starr's death was the result of "a prescription drug overdose." Drug addiction counselor Bob Forrest has described Starr and fellow Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew alum Jeff Conaway (who died two and a half months later) as having "such severe addictions."
Tributes
In 2013, Alice in Chains drummer Sean Kinney added the initials "LSMS" on their drum kit, a tribute to Layne Staley and Mike Starr. Kinney explained: "There's been six people in this band and that's it", and Cantrell added, "And we're all up there".
On September 19, 2013, Jerry Cantrell paid tribute to both Starr and Layne Staley before performing the song "Nutshell" with Alice in Chains at the Rock in Rio concert in Brazil. For the show in São Paulo on September 26, the band had T-shirts of Brazil national football team with the names "Staley" and "Starr" on display on the stage. Since then, Cantrell has always paid tribute to Staley and Starr before performing "Nutshell" at concerts.
Jerry Cantrell revealed that the lyrics "Left me here so all alone, only for me to find/Hear your voice on waves we rode, echoes inside my mind/Disembodied, just a trace of what it was like then/With you here, we shared a space that's always half empty" from the song "Rainier Fog" are about Staley and Starr. The song was featured on Alice in Chains' 2018 album, Rainier Fog.
In 2015, a signature bass for Starr made by Spector was announced and released, the Euro4LX Mike Starr LE. Work on this signature model had begun before Starr's passing, and was resumed later after their family had reached out to continue it. It was available as a limited run only for 2015.
Posthumous releases
In October 2017, Lost Realm Records released a 500-copy limited edition CD+DVD deluxe package of 10 songs, taken from the original master tapes and digitally remastered, and live performances by Starr's previous band Sato, titled Leather Warriors – Sato Anthology 82/86; this package was dedicated to Starr's memory. In December 2019, Lost Realm announced an upcoming 250-copy limited edition vinyl release of Leather Warriors''.
Discography
Alice in Chains
Sato
Other appearances
References
External links
1966 births
2011 deaths
20th-century American musicians
21st-century American musicians
Alice in Chains members
Alternative metal bass guitarists
Alternative rock bass guitarists
American alternative rock musicians
American heavy metal bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
American male guitarists
Drug-related deaths in Utah
Grunge musicians
Musicians from Honolulu
Guitarists from Hawaii
Alternative metal musicians
20th-century American guitarists
Highline High School alumni
Pen-Llyn is a hamlet in the community of Bodedern, Ynys Môn, Wales, between Bodedern and Llanddeusant, some 4.5 miles from Valley. Llyn Llywenan, the largest natural lake on the island is nearby.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Allan Gordon Chappelow FRSA (20 August 1919 – May/June 2006) was an English writer and photographer who lived in Hampstead, north London. They wrote books on George Bernard Shaw and specialised in portraits of writers and musicians. They were found dead at their house in 2006 and a Chinese national, Wang Yam, was convicted of their murder at a retrial in 2009.
Life
Chappelow was the son of wealthy decorator, upholsterer, and later fine art consultant) Archibald Cecil Chappelow, and Karen Ragnhild Permin of Hillerød, north of Copenhagen, whom their father had met while working as a lecturer Copenhagen University. Chappelow moved with their family to Hampstead at the age of 14, to the house, 9 Downshire Hill, in which they lived for the rest of their life except for their school and student years. They were educated at Oundle School near Peterborough. In the Second World War they were a conscientious objector (as their uncle, Eric Chappelow, had famously been in the First World War), working on a farm in Hampshire. They went on to study moral sciences at Trinity College, Cambridge between 1946 and 1949, taking an M.A. and twice being a prizeman. In the 1950s they worked as a photographer for the Daily Mail and The Daily Telegraph. Afterwards they became a freelance photographer and writer.
As a photographer, Chappelow specialised in portraits of leading literary and theatrical figures and musicians. In 1950 they visited George Bernard Shaw at Ayot St. Lawrence and took the last known photographs of the playwright. Chappelow's books included Russian Holiday (London, George Harrap, 1955) – they were a member of the first party of 'ordinary tourists' to be allowed to visit the USSR after the Second World War. Their principal works on Shaw are Shaw the Villager and Human Being – a Biographical symposium, with a preface by Dame Sybil Thorndike (1962), and Shaw – the 'Chucker-Out''' (1969, ).
A recluse and (according to media reports) a millionaire, the elderly Chappelow was found murdered in their house after a sum of money was discovered to have gone missing from their bank account. In October 2006, a British citizen of Chinese birth, Wang Yam, a financial trader also resident in Hampstead, was arrested in Switzerland and charged with the murder.
Chappelow's Grade II listed house was sold for £4.1m, and the new owners submitted plans for it to be refurbished.
Chappelow was buried with their parents on the east side of Highgate Cemetery.
Legal and 'security' issues
First trial
In December 2007, the Crown Prosecution Service indicated it would ask for Wang's trial for murder, burglary and deception to be held 'in camera'. This would make it the first UK murder trial ever heard behind closed doors without access by press or public.
A Public Interest Immunity (PII) certificate was sought by the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith; it was reported by The Times on 13 December 2007 that the grounds were 'on the basis of protecting national security interests and to protect the identity of informants'. On 14 January 2008, the trial judge granted this unprecedented 'gagging order' and the trial was scheduled to start on 28 January. A further order was made under the Contempt of Court Act 1981 prohibiting the press from any speculation as to the reasons for parts of the trial being held in private.
In the Court of Appeal on 28 January, the 'gagging order' was upheld, with the Lord Chief Justice insisting that a fair trial would be possible even if some or all of it was held 'in camera'. However, there was coverage of the actual criminal trial which opened on Monday, 4 February as scheduled. The coverage included details of both the victim and of the defendant in the media and there was little or no discussion of the fact that the proceedings would at least in part be held in camera. There was no evidence that the delay in publishing the judgement was deliberate or the result of another gagging order which the media had been instructed not to report.
On 28 March, the jury retired to consider its verdict. On 31 March, Yam was found guilty of stealing £20,000 by deception, and on 1 April also found guilty of handling stolen goods. The jury was discharged after failing to reach verdicts on the charges of burglary and murder.
One of the theories put forward, and confirmed by "sources close to the investigation", is that Wang was a "low-level informant" for the security services and planned to rely on this as part of their defence at trial. Other theories suggest that the evidence presented by the Crown risked revealing the methods and capabilities of the security services.
Wang had declared bankruptcy in September 2004, and was believed to be having financial difficulties; they had been due to be evicted from their house for rent arrears in June 2006. Wang was a student leader in the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, and had fled China for Hong Kong in 1992.
Retrial
A retrial of Wang Yam was set for 13 October 2008. The prosecution presented eight weeks of evidence in public. This evidence included CCTV footage of Yam using Chappelow's bank card, and evidence of Yam paying a restaurant bill. The entirety of the defence case in the retrial was held in camera.
The Old Bailey judge overseeing the case spent early January 2009 summarising the case, before sending out the jury to deliberate on 9 January. Yam was convicted of murder on 16 January 2009; they were sentenced to life imprisonment, serving a minimum of 20 years.
Book
In January 2018 a book on Chappelow and the murder trial was published: Thomas Harding's Blood On The Page'', William Heinemann (London, 2018).
References
1919 births
2006 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
British conscientious objectors
Murder in London
Photographers from London
British non-fiction writers
English criminal law
English murder victims
People murdered in London
2006 crimes in the United Kingdom
People educated at Oundle School
People from Copenhagen
Photographers from Copenhagen
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
British male writers
20th-century non-fiction writers
Male non-fiction writers
Danish emigrants to the United Kingdom
Fujiko (富士講) is a Japanese religious group. One of the popular beliefs established in the Edo period, especially in the Kanto centered on Edo, with a lineage of Kakugyo. The term "Fujikō" is usually used to refer to the religious system and religious movement in general.
The term is also sometimes used to refer to Mount Fuji and its divine spirits.
The activities of the Fuji-kō consist of regular events called "ogami" and climbing Mt. At the Ogami, they read the "Otsutae (Report)," a sutra of devotional service, and perform the "Otakiaage (burning up)" using an assembled altar called the "Ogami Dance (Worship Chest).
There are also examples of Fuji Mounds (sometimes natural mountains are used instead) built with stones and earth to worship the god of Mt. Fuji as a place of worship (see the article on Fuji Mound for details).
Oshi was the leader of the faith taught by Kakugyo, and at the same time, they were responsible for providing accommodations for the members of the Fuji-kō when they climbed Mt. During the closing period of the mountain, Goshi would visit Fuji-kō in Edo and other areas to preach the teachings. In the summer, when Mt. Fuji was about to open, Fuji-kō members came one after another to Goshi's homes in Kawaguchi and Yoshida, and they provided them with lodgings, information about the mountain trail, food and equipment necessary for climbing, and various other services.
In the Edo period (1603–1868), "Fuji-kō" in the narrow sense referred only to the activities of masters in Yoshida, and the activities of masters in Kawaguchi, Sushiri, Suyama, and other areas outside Yoshida, as well as the relationship between masters and leaders, were not included in "Fuji-kō," and there is a suggestion that this was the more common form.。
In addition to the above, Fuji-kō (Asama-kō) is also a name for a group of people who believe in Fuji, derived from Shugendo. It is distributed in the Chubu region and Kinki region, but the actual situation differs greatly from the above, and is characterized by water practices (Fuji sakurei) held near water in early summer. They also climb Mt. Fuji, but they alternate climbing Ominesan every other year, a behavior not seen in the Kanto region.
History
Fuji-kō in the narrow sense originates from a sect of Kakugyo Fujibutsu, who practiced asceticism in Fuji Shrine. Later, Wantoshin (Akaba Shosaemon) and others formed the first kosha, which had the following three rules.
If you do good, you are good; if you do bad, you are bad.
If you earn, you will be blessed and noble, and your life will be long without disease.
If you are idle, you will be poor, have sickness, and your life will be short.
After the Kyōhō period, it was developed by Murakami Mitsukiyo and Shokugyo Miroku. Murakami was supported mainly by the feudal lords and the upper class, while Shokugyo, who preached that diligently working at the family business would save one's life, was enthusiastically supported by the common people of Edo.。
They were the fifth (or sixth, depending on your point of view) disciple of Kakugyo, and after their death in Mt. Kakugyo's beliefs did not belong to any existing religious force, and the group that was formed after Shokugyo Miroku's death was an independent religious force.
Fuji, Goshi communities were established at each trailhead and conducted missionary activities in the Kanto region and elsewhere, attracting many worshippers to Mt. Fuji. In particular, the Omiya and Suyama mouths, which took a long time to restore after the great eruption of Hōei, were crowded with worshippers from Edo and the Kanto region. At the height of the eruption, there were nearly a hundred houses of priests in Yoshida-guchi. In the late Edo period (1603-1868), there were so many societies that it was said that there were 800 societies in Edo and 80,000 members in the societies.
Fuji-kō was often forbidden by the Edo shogunate as it was considered undesirable due to its religious policy, but it was not suppressed so severely that it caused deaths.
However, after the Meiji era, suppression from Shinto forces became very severe. As a result, there was no choice.
Some of the Fuji-kō were turned into denominational Shintoism, such as Kyōkyō by Fujimichi, who was a follower of Shokugyo, Maruyama-kō by Rokurobei Ito, who was an ascetic, and Fuso-kō by Hanshi Shishino, a follower of Hirata, who wanted to mobilize the various forces of the Fuji faith into State Shintoism.
After the Meiji era, and especially after Post-war, Mt. Fuji and the surrounding area became a tourist attraction, and climbing Mt. Fuji itself became recognized as a leisure activity, allowing people to climb Mt. Fuji casually, and the Fuji-kō, which sought faith as a motivation for climbing, declined greatly. For example, the construction of the monument tower at the Hitoana Fuji-kou Ruins has not been done since 1964.。
The number of Fuji-ko members has decreased drastically, and it is rare to see Fuji-ko members active on the streets of Tokyo. However, you can still see Fuji-ko members making pilgrimages to Mt.
As of 2006 (Heisei 18), there are more than a dozen groups active, and three Goshi's houses (shukubo) accept them.。
Climbing Mt. Fuji
Fuji is the holy place for the Fuji-kō, and as a pilgrimage they repeatedly climb Mt. Fuji as a form of pilgrimage. The number of days and manners vary depending on the sect, but a certain period of time is required to purify oneself before climbing the mountain.
The man cave, the site of Kakugyo's ascetic practices, is considered a sacred place and is visited by Buddhist priests. The Hitoana Sengen Shrine, located next to the man cave, has Kakugyo as its main deity. Many monuments and pagodas were erected in the area, and there are still about 230 monuments and pagodas left today. It is now known as the "Hitoana Fuji-kou Ruins.
There was a culture of dedicating a monument called "Fuji Ko monument" to the followers of Fuji Ko. (The monument is characterized by a mark called "kasa-in". (One of the characteristics of this monument is the "kasa-in" mark, which differs from one kosha to another, and includes "Marusan" and "Yamasan".。）
Pilgrimage
Fuji, but also practiced pilgrimage and water asceticism at pilgrimage sites such as Fuji Five Lakes and Shiraito Falls. Fuji Five Lakes]] and Shiraito Falls.。
Fuji Hakkai
There are pilgrimage sites collectively called Fuji Hakkai, which can be divided into Inner Hakkai consisting mainly of sacred sites around Mt. In the Inner Eight Seas, each of the five lakes of Fuji, as well as Lake Akemi (Asumi no Umi, Fujiyoshida City), Lake Shioren (Shibirei no Umi, Ichikawa Misato Town), and Senbata (Senzu no Umi, Fujiyoshida City) were pilgrimage sites for the Fuji-kō in the early modern period. However, before that, Sudo-ko (Lake Numazu City, Fuji City) was included in the "Eight Seas of Fuji" instead of Sembata.
The outer eight seas include the Futami Sea (Futamiura, Mie Prefecture), Chikubu Island (Biwa, Shiga Prefecture), Suwa Lake (Nagano Prefecture), Haruna Lake (Gunma Prefecture), Nikko Lake (Lake Chūzenji , Tochigi Prefecture), Lake Sakura (Sakuragaike, Shizuoka Prefecture), Lake Kashima (Kasumigaura, Ibaraki Prefecture), and Lake Hakone (Lake Ashino, Kanagawa Prefecture).
See also
Fujizuka
Pilgrimage
Footnotes
Annotations
References
References
Koichiro Iwashina, History of the Fuji School, Meishu Shuppan, 1983, ISBN 4626015832.
Shigeo Inobe, The Faith of Fuji (Studies in Fuji, 3, Kokin Shoin, 1928. (Reprinted by Meishu Shuppan in 1973 and 1983.)
Eiji Hirano, The Faith of Fuji Sengen, Yuzankaku, 1987.
Miyata Noboru, Sukui no Kami to Ofuji-san, Yoshikawa Kobunkan, 2006.
External links
Fujiko and Goshi – Kitaguchi Hongu Fuji Sengen Shrine
History of Yamanashi Prefecture
History of Shizuoka Prefecture
Shinto
Pages with unreviewed translations
Fuji worship
Monapo District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Monapo.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
Green rating or certification is used to indicate the level of environmental friendliness for real estate properties.
In the US, it is a real estate designation for REALTORs approved by the (American) National Association of Realtors (NAR). The program was developed in 2008 by the Real Estate Buyer's Agent Council of NAR, with administration transferred to the Green Resource Council. The course curriculum includes sustainable building practices, marketing, and rating systems (e.g., LEED, IFGICT and Energy Star). As a result, there is some course content overlap with the EcoBroker and NAGAB's Accredited Green Agent and Broker designations.
In India, the Energy Resources Institute (TERI) developed the GRIHA (Green Rating for Integrated Habitat Assessment). GRIHA is promoted by Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) as a national rating system. It originally developed from LEED and has additional requirements. There is also the Indian green building council (IGBC) rating system.
See also
Real estate professional designations
LEED, green building certification program
References
Professional titles and certifications
Real estate in the United States
Real estate in India
Sustainable business
Fayette Avery McKenzie (July 31, 1872–September 1, 1957) was an American educator and president of Fisk University from 1915 to 1925. They received their doctorate degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1908. Their dissertation, The American Indian in Relation to the White Population of the United States was published. They taught and studied Native Americans and was one of the founders of the Society of American Indians.
Early life and education
Fayette Avery McKenzie was born in Montrose, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania on July 31, 1872 to Gertrude Avery, daughter of Charles Avery, and Edwin McKenzie, son of Benajah McKenzie. Edwin was a merchant. Fayette lived in Montrose and attended public schools there until their senior year of high school. The family moved to South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and they graduated from high school there.
McKenzie enrolled in Lehigh University in 1891. They studied at the University of Pennsylvania during the summer of 1894. They graduated from Lehigh in 1895 with a Bachelors degree; they were a member of Phi Beta Kappa. From 1900 to 1903, they attended the University of Pennsylvania, where they studied economics, history, and sociology. They earned a PhD from University of Pennsylvania in 1908. Their dissertation, The American Indian in Relation to the White Population of the United States was published.
Career
Educator
For the first two years after attaining their degree, they tutored families of railroad employees of the Lehigh Valley Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad. In 1897, they taught economics, history, English, and German and French languages at Juniata College.
While taking college courses from 1900 to 1903, they also taught mathematics and modern languages at the Blight School for Boys. They moved to Columbus, Ohio by 1905 to be a professor at Ohio State University. They taught sociology and economics through 1914.
They went to France in 1914 and studied and traveled with Professor Compte, who spent the summers in the French countryside with their family.
For ten years, from 1915 to 1925, they were the president of Fisk University. Under their leadership, the school received recognition as a standard college. It was the first African American school to do so in the United States. They raised a million dollar endowment fund for the school.
They returned to Juniata College in 1927 to teach sociology and function for two years as the dean of men. They started the Altoona Center as an Extension of the college in 1928. They retired in 1941.
Direct efforts with Native Americans
McKenzie had educated, studied, and lived among Native Americans in the Western United States. During that time, they came to understand the injustices of forced relations and other actions taken by the United States government. They were the first American sociologist to specialize in Indian affairs and they fought against stereotypical norms against them.
Between 1900 and 1903, they taught at the boarding school on the Wind River Indian Reservation in Wyoming. During a trip to France in 1914, World War I commenced. Upon returning to the United States, Fayette made a study of the education of Native Americans in the western United States. In 1926 and 1927, after a year in France, they traveled to Washington, D.C. and a number of Indian reservations. They were hired by the Institute for Government Research to study problems of Native Americans.
Society of American Indians
In 1911, they were a European-American co-founder and a leader of the Society of American Indians (SOI), which was formed at Ohio State University. They were a professor there from 1905 to 1914. McKenzie, who encouraged the growth of the organization to one that was one that was operated by Native Americans, invited six Native American intellectuals—professionals, activists, clergy, speakers, writers, and entertainers—to a meeting at Ohio State University in April 1911. The attendees of the first annual conference included Dr. Charles Eastman, (Santee Dakota), physician; Dr. Carlos Montezuma, (Yavapai-Apache), physician; Thomas L. Sloan, (Omaha), attorney; Charles Edwin Dagenett, (Peoria), Bureau of Indian Affairs supervisor; Laura Cornelius Kellogg, (Oneida), educator; and Henry Standing Bear, (Oglala Lakota), educator. There were also representatives of the offices of the National Office of Indian Affairs, Ohio governor, Columbus mayor, and the university.
The group founded the American Indian Association. Later renamed the Society of American Indians it was created to fight against restrictive governmental policies against Native Americans. At that time, Native Americans were pushed out of tribal territories, having to manage "unrelenting waves of immigration, settlement and urbanizations, [and] technological change," according to Marti Chaatsmith, a Native American sociologist. People were in significant distress due to discrimination, exploitation, disease, and extreme poverty.
For the period between 1911 and 1923, SOI conducted annual conferences; networked with allies, critics, and reformers; lobbied the Office of Indian Affairs (OIA) and Congress; offered legal assistance to Native individuals; and published a journal. It sought to “bring together all progressive Indians and friends of Indian progress for the purpose of promoting the highest interests of the race and the individual." To do so mean to appreciate time-honored cultural traditions, except those practices that kept Native Americans from succeeding in a modern world. It sought to ensure equal rights and opportunities as those afforded to the whites.
The society was challenged, though, by the number of varying cultures of Native American peoples across the country, as they tried to negotiate unified goals and positions. The organization dissolved in 1923, but one year later the Native Americans received birthright citizenship in the United States with the Indian Citizenship Act, tempered by continued wardship status. The Indian Claims Commission was created in 1946 to mediate claims out of court that could result in monetary damages. They could not regain lands as part of this process.
Other civic organizations
They were a member of a number of civic organizations throughout their career and retirement. In 1910, they worked on the census with Roland B. Dixon. For three years beginning in 1912 they served the State Conference of Charities and Correction as chairperson of Universities and Social Welfare section. In 1931, they were the director for Huntingdon's Community Center Work. They served on the Pennsylvania Association for Adult Education's Executive Committee in 1935. The same year, they also helped establish a public library in Huntingdon.
Personal life
McKenzie married Nettie Evalyn Tressel in April 1915. They were the daughter of Mary (Hawkins) Tressel and Rev. Emmanuel Greenwold Tressel, a Lutheran minister. They traveled to France in 1925 and stayed there for a year. The McKenzies had two daughters. They died in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania on September 1, 1957. They were buried at the Riverview Cemetery in Huntingdon.
Their papers are held at the Tennessee State Library and Archives and the Fisk University Library Special Collections, both of which are located in Nashville, Tennessee.
References
1872 births
1957 deaths
Lehigh University alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Presidents of Fisk University
American educators
People from Huntingdon, Pennsylvania
Wind River Indian Reservation
Thomas Field may refer to:
Thomas Field (Anglican priest, born 1829) (1829–1899), "Canon Field", Anglican priest in South Australia
Thomas Field (Anglican priest, born 1855) (1855–1936), Church of England priest
Thomas Field (Catholic priest) (1546–1625), Irish Jesuit priest and explorer
Thomas Field (politician) (1859–1937), New Zealand politician of the Reform Party
Tom Field (born 1997), Anglo-Irish footballer
Tommy Field (born 1987), American baseball shortstop
See also
Tom Fields (born 1992), Australian rules footballer
Tom Fields (artist) (born 1951), Muscogee Creek/Cherokee photographer from Oklahoma
Thomas C. Fields (1825–1885), New York politician
Pedassaare may refer to several places in Estonia:
Pedassaare, Jõgeva County, village in Estonia
Pedassaare, Lääne-Viru County, village in Estonia
Helen Strong Carter (1866–1945) was First Lady of the Territory of Hawaii from 1903 to 1907. Them philanthropic activities included the establishment of the Strong-Carter Dental Clinic at Palama Settlement in Hawaii, and the Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, New York.
Personal life
They were born in Rochester, New York, on March 11, 1866, to the co-founder and first president of Eastman Kodak, Henry A. Strong (1838–1919) and their first wife Helen Phoebe Griffin (1839–1904). The family had one daughter besides Helen, Gertrude Strong Achilles, and two sons Henry Griffin Strong and Herbert Strong who died in infancy. On April 19, 1892, they married George R. Carter in Rochester, the son of Hawaii diplomat Henry A. P. Carter. The couple returned to live in Hawaii in 1893, and had three daughters and one son: Elizabeth, Phoebe, another daughter who died in 1903, and George Robert Jr.
Them husband was appointed the second Territorial Governor of Hawaii for the term November 23, 1903 – August 15, 1907. Governor Carter died in 1933, and Helen remarried to Jean de Saint Cyr in April 1939. They divorced in 1940, and they resumed using the Carter name.
Philanthropies
The dental hygiene program at the University of Hawaii, and the Honolulu Dental Infirmary, with their husband George as president, were established with endowments from Helen in memory of their parents. Both Helen and their husband served on the board of directors. In addition to providing dental care and dental hygiene education to the public, the School of Dental Hygiene was established to train young women for careers as dental hygienists. The school was opened in 1920 at Palama Settlement in the Kalihi area, and the first year focused on 1st- and 2nd-grade students. The first meeting of the board of directors in July 1921 reported that, with the clinic only open one day a week with a hygienist and dentist, they had treated 1168 patients. The clinic was later renamed as the Strong-Carter Dental Clinic. On the 20th anniversary of the clinic, their generosity in establishing the clinic was honored by 20,000 children at Honolulu Stadium. The festivities included a performance by the Royal Hawaiian Band and the President William McKinley High School Reserve Officers' Training Corps.
In 1922, Helen and their sister Gertrude were the only two members of their immediate family remaining when they honored their parents with a $1,000,000 donation towards the building fund for the Strong Memorial Hospital at the University of Rochester in New York. Their donation was part of a total of $15,091,671 in individual gifts for the construction.
Death
Helen Strong Carter died in California on May 28, 1945.
Bibliography
References
External links
1866 births
1945 deaths
First Ladies of the Territory of Hawaii
Thomas Carter family
Giovanni Plazzer (30 September 1909 in Koper, Austria-Hungary – 23 June 1983) was an Italian rower. They were a member of the silver medallion Italian coxed fours boat in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
External links
profile
1909 births
1983 deaths
Sportspeople from Koper
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Rosalind Mitchell (born 2 August 1954) is a writer and former British politician. In September 1997, while a serving member of Bristol City Council, they announced their intention to transition from male to female. They were the first British politician to do so while holding elected office, according to Christine Burns of Press For Change.
They have been diagnosed with Kleinfelter Syndrome and identifies as Intersex rather than Transgender.
Early life and education
They were born in 1954 as David Spry in Barrow-in-Furness. Them parents were Moira Spry (née Storey) (1924–2016), a typist, and Harry Spry (1921–1977), a shipyard draughtsman. They grew up on the Wirral Peninsula where their family moved when they were a year old, and in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire where they attended Stanborough School. After graduating in physics from the University of Liverpool they were briefly a physics and maths teacher before joining the specialist printers Harlands of Hull as a trainee analyst/programmer. In the 1980s they were a senior systems analyst with the Chase Manhattan Bank in London working on projects related to the financial Big Bang, later becoming a freelance consultant specialising in databases and expert systems. In 1992 they completed a part-time degree in literature and philosophy with the Open University.
Political activity
They joined the Labour Party in 1982. In 1990 they successfully contested the Kelfield ward on Kensington and Chelsea Council, serving until 1994 when they moved to Bristol. In 1995 they stood unsuccessfully for the Stockwood ward on Bristol City Council, and 1997 they fought and won the Redland seat in the city.
Transition
In September 1997 they sought the support of the pressure group Press For Change with the intention of coming out publicly as Transsexual. An interview with Clare Dyer, of The Guardian was arranged and this was published on 22 September 1997. In the interview they revealed to the public that they were already undergoing hormone therapy and was about to start their formal transition.
They were the subject of a BBC West documentary, New Labour, New Woman, produced by Linda Orr and narrated by Michael Lund. It was first shown regionally on 19 March 1998 and repeated nationally in a slightly edited form on BBC Two in the Home Ground series on 7 July 1998.
Although they served successfully as Chair of the Development Control (Central Area) Committee and Vice-chair of the Children's Homes Subcommittee and Lay Review Panel, they were controversial amongst their party colleagues and was denied admission to a meeting of the Bristol West constituency party Women's Section.
Personal life
After retiring from IT they worked for four years supporting people with mental health issues through organic market gardening. Since 2015 they have lived in Scotland where they write crime fiction, takes photographs, and in 2021 they were working for an MLitt in Film and TV Studies at the University of Glasgow.
They have been a Quaker since 1982 and is an active member of the Scottish National Party.
References
1954 births
Living people
LGBT politicians from England
Labour Party (UK) politicians
Transgender women
Transgender politicians
People from Barrow-in-Furness
Scottish National Party politicians
British Quakers
Schoolteachers from Cumbria
Councillors in Bristol
Councillors in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Alumni of the Open University
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
20th-century British women politicians
Women councillors in England
Skookumchuck Narrows Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Sunshine Coast of British Columbia, Canada. It was established on August 25, 1957, to protect the Sechelt Rapids located in the Skookumchuck Narrows between Sechelt Inlet and Jervis Inlet.
References
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Sunshine Coast (British Columbia)
Sunshine Coast Regional District
Chinook Jargon place names
Protected areas established in 1957
1957 establishments in British Columbia
The National Inventory of Historic Pub Interiors is a register of public houses in the United Kingdom with interiors which have been noted as being of significant historic interest, having remained largely unchanged for at least 30 years, but usually since at least World War II.
The National Inventory was begun by (and is maintained by) the Campaign for Real Ale as part of that organisation's mission to protect Britain's pub heritage as well as good beer. CAMRA is an independent, voluntary, consumer organisation based in St Albans, England, whose main aims are promoting real ale and the traditional British pub. It is now the largest single-issue consumer group in the UK. Within CAMRA, the "Pub Heritage Group" is established to identify, record and help protect public house interiors of historic and/or architectural importance, and seeks to get them listed, if they are not already. The group maintains two inventories of "Heritage pubs", the National Inventory (NI) and the Regional Inventory (RI), which is broken down by county and contains both those pubs listed in the NI and other pubs that are not eligible for the NI, due to reasons such as having been overly modified, but are still considered historically important, or have particular architectural value.
The NI contains 289 pubs .
CAMRA has established influence at national government level, including English Heritage, and has been designated by the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry as a "super-complainant" to the Office of Fair Trading. CAMRA presents the Pub Design Awards, which are held in association with English Heritage and The Victorian Society. These comprise several categories, including new build, refurbished, and converted pubs.
References
External links
Heritage registers in the United Kingdom
Pubs in the United Kingdom
*
Khadke village is 2km away from Bhusawal, Jalgaon district, Maharashtra, India. The village has a population of 402 people and a total geographical area of 213.41 hectares (about 0.82398 square miles). Most of the people in this village belong to the caste Leva Patil.
References
Villages in Jalgaon district
Dave Malloy (born January 4, 1976) is an American composer, playwright, lyricist, and actor. They have written several theatrical works, often based on classic works of literature. They include Moby-Dick, an adaptation of Herman Melville's classic novel; Octet, a chamber choir musical about internet addiction; Preludes, a musical fantasia set in the mind of romantic composer Sergei Rachmaninoff; Ghost Quartet, a song cycle about love, death, and whiskey; and
the Tony Award winning Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812, an electropop opera based on War and Peace.
Career
Malloy grew up in Lakewood, Ohio and studied music composition and English literature at Ohio University. They began making theater in San Francisco in 2000. Early work included pieces with Banana Bag & Bodice, for whom they have been the composer since 2002.
In 2008 they composed music for Beowulf – A Thousand Years of Baggage, a Banana Bag & Bodice SongPlay written by Jason Craig and commissioned by the Shotgun Players in Berkeley, California. Beowulf received the 2008 Glickman Award and a 2011 Edinburgh Herald Angel, and has played a number of venues and festivals, including Berkeley Repertory's Roda Theatre, ART's Club Oberon, Joe's Pub, and festivals in England, Ireland, Scotland and Australia.
After Beowulf, they co-created and performed in Three Pianos, a drunken romp through Schubert's "Winterreise" (with Rick Burkhardt and Alec Duffy, directed by Rachel Chavkin) that premiered in 2010 at the Ontological-Hysteric Theater, winning a Special Citation Obie Award, and had runs at New York Theatre Workshop and American Repertory Theater.
Their next work was Beardo, a Russian indie rock musical based on the life of Rasputin, which Malloy wrote with Beowulf collaborator Jason Craig. It played in 2011 in San Francisco and had its New York premiere in February 2017 in a production by Pipeline Theater Company.
For Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812, Malloy was the composer, lyricist, orchestrator, music director and performer in the role of Pierre Bezukhov. Comet was commissioned by Ars Nova and premiered there in October 2012, directed by Chavkin; in May 2012 the show transferred to off-Broadway playing in Kazino, a tent custom-built for the piece, first erected in the Meatpacking District and then in Times Square. In December 2015 the show played a pre-Broadway run at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The show has won an Obie Award, the 2013 Richard Rodgers Award for Musical Theater, the Off Broadway Alliance's Best New Musical Award, three Elliot Norton Awards, eight IRNE Awards, eleven Lucille Lortel Awards nominations (winning three), five Drama Desk nominations, and two Drama League Award nominations. It opened on Broadway at the Imperial Theatre in October 2016 with Josh Groban as Pierre. Malloy reprised their role as Pierre multiple times throughout the run, and was the final Broadway Pierre. In 2022, the show was staged at Malloy's alma mater, Ohio University, for the first time following its departure from Broadway.
Ghost Quartet opened in October 2014 at the Bushwick Starr. After an extended sold out run, the piece transferred to the McKittrick Hotel, home of Sleep No More, and has since played in a number of cities, including Edinburgh, San Francisco, and Cambridge, where it won an Elliot Norton Award. The piece is a staged concept album, about love, death, and whiskey. This was followed by a stop at Youth Musical Theatre Company where they used to work as a pianist for their youth productions. They worked with playwright Krista Knight to write "Don't Stop Me: A New Musical", a "danceathon to the death" centered on the high school experience. While the show was in performances, their next musical, Preludes, a piece about Rachmaninoff and hypnosis, premiered at Lincoln Center Theater in June 2015.
Octet, a chamber choir musical written by Malloy and directed by Annie Tippe, ran at the Signature Theatre Company Residency 5 Theatre in New York City from April 30 to June 30, 2019. The show features an eight-part a cappella chamber choir and "explores addiction and nihilism within the messy context of 21st century technology" premiered in a limited run at the Signature Theatre Company in New York City. It is the first part of their Signature Residency, which will include three shows over the course of five years.
Moby-Dick, a musical based on Herman Melville's Moby-Dick with book, music, lyrics, and orchestrations by Malloy and directed by Rachel Chavkin, ran at the American Repertory Theater from December 3, 2019, to January 12, 2020. The middle section of the show, titled Moby Dick, Part III: The Ballad of Pip was previewed at Joe's Pub back in March 2014.
Malloy lives in Brooklyn, New York.
Theater works
Musicals
Gogol (2001) (composer/performer; written by Jason Craig and Sean Owens; directed by Meredith Eldred)
Sandwich (2003) (co-creator, with Banana Bag & Bodice)
Clown Bible (2007) (composer/lyricist/Job/Judas; directed by Maya Gurantz)
Beowulf – A Thousand Years of Baggage (2008) (composer/musical director/Hrothgar; with Banana Bag & Bodice)
Haarlem Berlin (2009) (composer; written by Talaya Delaney, directed by Rachel Chavkin)
Three Pianos (2010) (co-creator/performer/sound & video designer; with Rick Burkhardt and Alec Duffy, directed by Rachel Chavkin)
Beardo (2011) (composer; written by Jason Craig, directed by Patrick Dooley)
Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812 (2012) (composer/librettist/orchestrator/Pierre; directed by Rachel Chavkin)
Black Wizard / Blue Wizard (2013) (co-creator/composer/Black Wizard; with Eliza Bent, directed by Dan Safer)
Ghost Quartet (2014) (composer/writer/performer, with Brent Arnold, Gelsey Bell and Brittain Ashford, directed by Annie Tippe)
Preludes (2015) (composer/writer; directed by Rachel Chavkin)
Don't Stop Me (2015) (composer/co-lyricist; written by Krista Knight; directed by Jennifer Boesing)
Little Bunny Foo Foo (2018) (composer; written by Anne Washburn, directed by Les Waters)
Octet (2019) (composer/writer; directed by Annie Tippe)
Moby-Dick (2019) (composer/writer; directed by Rachel Chavkin)
Other theater works
Gulag Ha Ha (2002) (composer/sound designer/Old Timer; with Banana Bag & Bodice)
in3 (2003) (composer/performer; written by j. ries and Jason Craig; directed by Meredith Eldred)
The Sewers (2005) (composer/sound designer; with Banana Bag & Bodice)
Dysphoria (2007) (composer/sound designer; written & directed by Alec Duffy)
Space//Space (2009) (composer/sound designer; with Banana Bag & Bodice)
Five Days in March (2010) (composer; written by Toshiki Okada, directed by Dan Safer)
The Small (2010) (composer/Walt) (written by Anne Washburn, directed by Les Waters)
Murder in the Cathedral (2010) (composer; written by T.S. Eliot, directed by Alec Duffy)
All Hands (2012) (composer/sound designer; written by Robert Quillen Camp, directed by Alec Duffy)
LongYarn (2016) (composer/sound designer; with Banana Bag & Bodice)
Recordings
In addition to the full cast recordings listed below, rough recordings and demos to most of Malloy's shows can be found on their website.
Official video recordings of Ghost Quartet, Beardo, and Beowulf have also been released online. A Kickstarter was launched to fund the original cast recording of Octet on June 19, 2019, where it was fully funded in one day. The album was released digitally on November 15, 2019.
Honors and awards
 They are the winner of three OBIE Awards, a Lucille Lortel Award, a Drama Desk Award, a Richard Rodgers Award, Glickman Award, ASCAP New Horizons Award, Jonathan Larson Grant, and New Music USA Grant, a recipient of the 2009 NEA/TCG Career Development Program for Theatre Directors and Designers, and the 2011 Composer-in-Residence at Ars Nova. In 2017, Malloy was the recipient of Smithsonian Magazine's American Ingenuity Award for History.
References
External links
davemalloy.com Official website
American musical theatre composers
American musical theatre lyricists
Broadway composers and lyricists
Musicians from New York City
Living people
Songwriters from New York (state)
Musicians from Cleveland
People from Lakewood, Ohio
1976 births
In topology, a branch of mathematics, a cubical set is a set-valued contravariant functor on the category of (various) n-cubes. See the references for the more precise definitions.
See also
Simplicial presheaf
References
http://ncatlab.org/nlab/show/cubical+set
Rick Jardine, Cubical sets, Lecture 12 in "Lectures on simplicial presheaves" https://web.archive.org/web/20110104053206/http://www.math.uwo.ca/~jardine/papers/sPre/index.shtml
Topology
Robert Stacy-Judd (1884–1975) was an English architect and author who designed theaters, hotels, and other commercial buildings in the Mayan Revival architecture Style in Great Britain and the United States. Stacy-Judd's synthesis of the style used Maya architecture, Aztec architecture, and Art Deco precedents as their influences.
Aztec Hotel
Stacy-Judd's most celebrated Mayan Revival designed building is the Aztec Hotel, focusing on the facades, interiors, and furniture. It was built in 1924 on the original U.S. Route 66, and is located in Monrovia, Southern California. Stacy-Judd explained the choice of the name of the hotel.
When the hotel project was first announced, the word Maya was unknown to the layperson. The subject of Maya culture was only of archaeological importance, a, at that, concerned but a few exponents. As a word Aztec was fairly well known, I baptized the hotel with that name, although all the decorative motifs are Maya
Works
Works include (with attribution as appears in National Register listing):
Aztec Hotel, 311 W. Foothill Blvd. Monrovia, CA (Stacy-Judd,Robert B.), NRHP-listed
First Baptist Church of Ventura, 101 S. Laurel St. Ventura, CA (Stacy-Judd, Robert Benjamin), NRHP-listed
Old Armory (Williston, North Dakota), 320 1st Ave., E. Williston, ND (Judd,Robert Stacy), NRHP-listed
Old Tioga High School-West Section, (Tioga, ND)
The Philosophical Research Society, 1934, Mayan Revival: 3910 Los Feliz Blvd., Los Angeles, CA
Writing
Stacy-Judd was a friend of the writer T. A. Willard, who published a fanciful account of their travels to Chichen Itza, was extremely influenced by John Lloyd Stephens writings, and perhaps even more so by the illustrations by Frederick Catherwood as presented in their book 'Incidents of Travel in Central America, Chiapas and Yucatán'. a work that introduced many to the wondrous ruins of Central America. Possibly inspired by their friend T.A. Willard, Stacy-Judd published several popular books on Maya culture that blend fact and fiction.
References
Bibliography
Gebhard, David and Anthony Peres. Robert Stacy-Judd: Maya Architecture and the Creation of a New Style. Capra Press. 1993
Ingle, Marjorie I. The Mayan Revival Style: Art Deco Mayan Fantasy. University of New Mexico Press. 1989
---. Atlantis: Mother of Empires. Los Angeles. De Vorse & Co. 1939
---. The Ancient Mayas, Adventures In the Jungles of Yucatan. Los Angeles. Haskell-Travers, Inc. 1934
---. A Maya Manuscript. Los Angeles. Philosophical Research Society. 1940.
Willard, T. A., The City of the Sacred Well, Being a Narrative of the Discoveries and Excavations of Edward Herbert Thompson in the Ancient City of Chi-chen Itza With Some Discourse on the Culture and Development of the Mayan Civilization as Revealed by Their Art and Architecture, Here Set Down and Illustrated From Photographs. New York. Century Co. 1926
External links
Route 66-org: the Aztec Hotel - Monrovia
Historic Echo Park: Atwater Bungalows
20th-century American architects
Mayan Revival architecture
Spanish Revival architecture in California
1884 births
1975 deaths
Burkett may refer to:
Places
Burkett, Texas, unincorporated community in Coleman County, Texas, United States
Burkett Islands, group of small islands lying just west of Mount Gleadell in the eastern part of Amundsen Bay, in Enderby Land
Burkett Nunatak, 2180 metres high, 2 km east of Minaret Nunatak, in the Monument Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica
People with the surname
B. G. Burkett, author of the book Stolen Valor
Bartine Burkett (1898–1994), American film actor
Bill Burkett, CBS sources in the Killian documents affair of 2004
Brendan Burkett (born 1963), Australian swimmer who won five medals at four Paralympics
Cary Burkett, American radio broadcaster and former comic book writer
Chris Burkett (born 1962), former professional American football player
Christopher Burkett (born 1951), American landscape photographer
Daniel Burkett (born 1995), Canadian racing driver
Elinor Burkett (born 1946), American producer, director, journalist and author
Elmer Burkett (1867–1935), Representative and a Senator from Nebraska
F. Michael Burkett (born 1948), attorney and Democratic politician from Idaho
Garth Burkett (1927–2012), Australian footballer
Graham Burkett (1936–2014), Australian politician
Jack Burkett (born 1942), English former footballer
Jackie Burkett (1936–2017), former American football center
Jason Burkett, character in the film Into the Abyss
Jeff Burkett (1921–1947), American football player
Jesse Burkett (1868–1953), former Major League Baseball player
John Burkett (born 1964), former Major League Baseball pitcher
Larry Burkett (1939–2003), American author and radio personality
Mary Burkett (1924–2014), English gallery curator
Michael Burkett (disambiguation)
Michael John Burkett (born 1967), American musician, known as Fat Mike, in the punk rock band NOFX
Neil Burkett (born 1948), South African bowler
N. J. Burkett (born 1962), correspondent for WABC-TV in the United States
Ronnie Burkett (born 1957), Canadian puppeteer
Seth Burkett (born 1991), English professional footballer
Walter Burkett (born 1931), German scholar of Greek mythology and cult
People with the given name
Myles Burkett Foster (1825–1899), popular English illustrator, watercolour artist and engraver
James Burkett Hartle (born 1939), American physicist from Baltimore
Other uses
Burkett Restaurant Equipment, food-service equipment and supplies dealer, headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, USA
White Burkett Miller Center of Public Affairs, non-partisan research institute, part of the University of Virginia
See also
Burkitt
Buket (born 1983), graffiti artist
Burk (disambiguation)
Muara Satu is a district in Lhokseumawe, Aceh, Indonesia.
Administrative divisions
list the name of the village (Gampong) is in Districts of Muara Satu
Gampong BatuPhat Barat (postcode : 24352)
Gampong BatuPhat Timur (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Blang Naleung Mameh (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Blang Panyang (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Blang Pulo (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Cot Trieng (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Meunasah Dayah (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Meuria Paloh (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Padang Sakti (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Paloh Punti (postcode : 24352)
Gampong Ujong Pacu (postcode : 24352)
References
Lhokseumawe
Populated places in Aceh
districts of Lhokseumawe
Scholars have long studied how Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart created their works. Nineteenth-century views on this topic were often based on a romantic, mythologizing conception of the process of composition. More recent scholarship addresses this issue by systematically examining authenticated letters and documents, and has arrived at rather different conclusions.
Mozart's approach to composition
A surviving letter of Mozart's to their father Leopold (31 July 1778) indicates that they considered composition an active process:You know that I plunge myself into music, so to speak—that I think about it all day long—that I like experimenting—studying—reflecting.One cannot quite determine from these words alone whether Mozart's approach to composition was a conscious method, or more inspired and intuitive.
Sketches
Mozart often wrote sketches, from small snippets to extensive drafts, for their compositions. Though many of these were destroyed by Mozart's widow Constanze, about 320 sketches and drafts survive, covering about 10 percent of the composer's work.
Ulrich Konrad, an expert on the sketches, describes a well-worked-out system of sketching that Mozart used, based on examination of the surviving documents. Typically the most "primitive" sketches are in casual handwriting, and give just snippets of music. More advanced sketches cover the most salient musical lines (the melody line, and often the bass), leaving other lines to fill in later. The so-called "draft score" was one in an advanced enough state for Mozart to consider it complete, and therefore enter it (after 1784) into the personal catalog that they called Verzeichnüss aller meiner Werke ("Catalog of all my works"). However, the draft score did not include all of the notes: it remained to flesh out the internal voices, filling out the harmony. These were added to create the completed score, which appeared in a highly legible hand.
This procedure makes sense of another letter Mozart wrote to Leopold, discussing their work in Munich on the opera Idomeneo (30 December 1780), where Mozart distinguishes "composed" from "written":
I must finish [writing this letter] now, because I've got to write at breakneck speed—everything's composed—but not written yet.
In Konrad's view, Mozart had completed the "draft score" of the work, but still needed to produce the completed, final version.
Of the sketches that survive, none are for solo keyboard works. Konrad suggests that "Improvisation [at which Mozart was highly skilled; see below] or the actual trying out of particularly challenging imaginative possibilities could compensate in these cases for the lack of sketches."
Use of a keyboard
Mozart sometimes used a keyboard to work out their musical thoughts. This can be deduced from their letters and other biographical material. For instance, on 1 August 1781, Mozart wrote to their father Leopold concerning their living arrangements in Vienna, where they had recently moved:
My room that I'm moving to is being prepared—I'm just off now to hire a keyboard, because I can't live there until that's been delivered, especially as I've got to write just now, and there isn't a minute to be lost.
Konrad cites a similar letter written from Paris that indicates that Mozart didn't compose where they were staying, but visited another home to borrow the keyboard instrument there. Similar evidence is found in early biographies based on Constanze Mozart's memories.
On the other hand, Mozart was in fact able to compose without a keyboard, according to various sources. German musicologist Hermann Abert cited Mozart's first biographer Franz Xaver Niemetschek in their book, who originally wrote: "He never went to the keyboard when composing." Mozart's wife, Constanze, has also stated the same thing and added that they "only tried out a movement when it was finished".
Incomplete works
About 150 of Mozart's surviving works are incomplete, roughly a quarter of the total count of surviving works. A number of completed works can be shown (e.g., by inspecting watermarks or inks) to be completions of fragments that had long been left incomplete. These include the piano concertos K. 449, K. 488, K. 503, and K. 595, as well as the Clarinet Concerto K. 622.
It is not known why so many works were left incomplete. In a number of cases, the historical record shows that what Mozart thought was an opportunity for performance or sale evaporated during the course of composition. observes: "Most pieces ... were written on request or with a specific performance in mind, if not for the composer's own use. Mozart frequently emphasized that they would never consider writing something for which there was no such occasion. Indeed, hardly a single work of theirs was not written for a particular occasion, or at least for use in their own concerts."
Improvisation
Mozart evidently had a prodigious ability to "compose on the spot"; that is, to improvise at the keyboard. This ability was apparent even in their childhood, as the Benedictine priest Placidus Scharl recalled:
Even in the sixth year of their age they would play the most difficult pieces for the pianoforte, of their own invention. They skimmed the octave which their short little fingers could not span, at fascinating speed and with wonderful accuracy. One had only to give them the first subject which came to mind for a fugue or an invention: they would develop it with strange variations and constantly changing passages as long as one wished; they would improvise fugally on a subject for hours, and this fantasia-playing was their greatest passion.
The composer André Grétry recalled:
Once in Geneva I met a child who could play everything at sight. Their father said to me before the assembled company: So that no doubt shall remain as to my son's talent, write for him, for to-morrow, a very difficult Sonata movement. I wrote them an Allegro in E-flat; difficult, but unpretentious; they played it, and everyone, except myself, believed that it was a miracle. The boy had not stopped; but following the modulations, they had substituted a quantity of passages for those which I had written ...
The meeting of Grétry and the young Mozart apparently took place in 1766.
As a teenager visiting Italy, Mozart gave a concert in Venice (5 March 1771). According to a witness, "An experienced musician gave them a fugue theme, which they worked out for more than an hour with such science, dexterity, harmony, and proper attention to rhythm, that even the greatest connoisseurs were astounded."
Mozart continued to improvise in public as an adult. For instance, the highly successful concert of 1787 in Prague that premiered their "Prague Symphony" concluded with a half-hour improvisation by the composer. For other instances, see Mozart's Berlin journey and Dora Stock.
Improvisation as a time-saving device
Braunbehrens suggests that on at least one occasion, Mozart met a deadline by simply not writing down part of the music and improvising it instead while performing before the audience. This was evidently true of the Piano Concerto in D, K. 537, premiered 24 February 1788. In this work, the second movement opens with a solo passage for the pianist. The autograph (composer-written) score of the music gives the notes as follows:
Braunbehrens and other scholars infer that Mozart could not conceivably have opened a movement with a completely unadorned melody line, and instead improvised a suitable accompaniment for the left hand. Similar passages occur throughout the concerto.
The work was published only in 1794, three years after Mozart's death, and the publisher Johann André found some other composer (whose identity is unknown) to fill in the missing passages; these interpolations have become the standard for performance.
Mozart's memory
Mozart appears to have possessed an excellent memory for music, though probably not the quasi-miraculous ability that has passed into legend. In particular, the use of keyboards and sketches to compose, noted above, would not have been necessary for a composer who possessed superhuman memory. Various anecdotes attest to Mozart's memory abilities.
Two of the violin sonatas gave rise to anecdotes to the effect that Mozart played the piano part at the premiere from memory, with only the violinist playing from the music. This is true for the Violin Sonata in G, K. 379/373a, where Mozart wrote in a letter to Leopold (8 April 1781) that they wrote out the violin part in an hour the night before the performance "but in order to be able to finish it, I only wrote out the accompaniment for Brunetti and retained my own part in my head." A similar story survives that concerns the Violin Sonata in B-flat, K. 454, performed before the Emperor in the Kärntnertortheater on 29 April 1784.
One may question whether, in these instances, Mozart remembered the entire keyboard part note-for-note. Given the independent testimony (above) for their ability to fill in gaps through improvisation, it would seem that Mozart could have done this as well in performing the violin sonatas.
Another instance of Mozart's powerful memory concerns their memorization and transcription of Gregorio Allegri's Miserere in the Sistine Chapel as a 14-year-old. Here again, various factors suggest great skill on Mozart's part, but not a superhuman miracle. The work in question is somewhat repetitive, and Mozart was able to return to hear another performance, correcting their earlier errors. Maynard Solomon suggested that Mozart may have seen another copy earlier, but added that they "certainly had the capacity to write out the Miserere from memory".
19th-century views
Konrad describes the views that were prevalent during the 19th century period of Mozart scholarship. In particular, "The 'making of music' was ... mythologized as a creative act." The 19th century regarded Mozart's compositional process as a form "of impulsive and improvisatorial composition ... an almost vegetative act of creation." Konrad states that the 19th century also mythologized Mozart's abilities in the area of musical memory.
The Rochlitz letter
An important source for earlier conceptions concerning Mozart's composition method was the work of the early 19th century publisher Friedrich Rochlitz. They propagated anecdotes about Mozart that were long assumed authentic, but with more recent research are now widely doubted. Among other things, Rochlitz published a letter, purporting to be by Mozart but now considered fraudulent, concerning their method of composition. This letter was taken as evidence concerning two points considered dubious by modern scholars. One is the idea that Mozart composed in a kind of passive mental process, letting the ideas simply come to him:
When I am, as it were, completely myself, entirely alone, and of good cheer; say traveling in a carriage, or walking after a good meal, or during the night when I cannot sleep; it is on such occasions that my ideas flow best and most abundantly. Whence and how they come I know not, nor can I force them. Those ideas that please me, I retain in ... memory, and am accustomed, as I have been told, to hum them to myself. If I continue in this way, it soon occurs to me, how I may turn this or that morsel to account, so as to make a good dish of it, that is to say, agreeably to the rules of counterpoint, to the peculiarities of the various instruments, &c.
Rochlitz's forged letter also was used in earlier study to bolster the (apparently false) story that Mozart could compose relying entirely on their memory, without the use of keyboard or sketches:
All this fires my soul, and provided I am not disturbed, my subject enlarges itself, becomes methodized and defined, and the whole, though it is long, stands almost finished and complete in my mind, so that I can survey it, like a fine picture or a beautiful statue, at a glance. Nor do I hear in my imagination the parts successively, but I hear them, as it were, all at once... When I proceed to write down my ideas, I take out of the bag of my memory, if I may use that phrase, what has previously been collected into it, in the way I have mentioned. For this reason, the committing to paper is done quickly enough, for everything is, as I said before, already finished; and it rarely differs on paper from what it was in my imagination.
The contents of the Rochlitz letter were relayed by such authorities as the mathematician Henri Poincaré and the musician Albert Lavignac and had a great influence on the popular view of Mozart's compositional process. And as late as 1952 a volume of collected papers from a symposium on the creative process reproduces the letter, albeit with a warning that "the authenticity of this letter remains in doubt".
But although it has been influential in historical conceptions of Mozart, the letter has more recently not been regarded as an accurate description of Mozart's compositional process. On the other hand, there is still no reason to suppose that even if Rochlitz did forge the letter, they would have wanted to misrepresent what they knew of Mozart's actual compositional practice any more than they would have wanted to misrepresent their handwriting. Moreover, in direct support of Rochlitz's account, Mozart's first biographer, in collaboration with Mozart's wife, related a congruent description of how Mozart composed:
Mozart wrote everything with a facility and rapidity, which perhaps at first sight could appear as carelessness or haste; and while writing they never came to the klavier. Their imagination presented the whole work, when it came to him, clearly and vividly. ... In the quiet repose of the night, when no obstacle hindered their soul, the power of their imagination became incandescent with the most animated activity, and unfolded all the wealth of tone which nature had placed in their spirit ... Only the person who heard Mozart at such times knows the depth and the whole range of their musical genius: free and independent of all concern their spirit could soar in daring flight to the highest regions of art.
Notes
Sources
An influential assertion of the practicality of Mozart's motivations in composition, attacking older conceptions as romanticized and unrealistic.
Further reading
Konrad, Ulrich "How Mozart Went about Composing: A New View" in Mozart Society of America Newsletter, Volume VIII, Number 2 (27 August 2004) (an English translation of the overview in their 1992 book)
Konrad, Ulrich (1992) "Mozarts Schaffensweise", Göttingen: Vandehoeck & Ruprecht. (Abhandlungen der Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Göttingen Philologisch-Historische Klasse 3. Folge Band 201)
External links
Verzeichnüss aller meiner Werke (Mozart's Thematic Catalogue), British Library
Compositional method
Classical music analysis
Rafael Nadal defeated Daniil Medvedev in the final, 2–6, 6–7(5–7), 6–4, 6–4, 7–5 to win the men's singles tennis title at the 2022 Australian Open. It was their second Australian Open title and 21st major singles title overall, surpassing the all-time record they had jointly held with Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic. Nadal became the fourth man, after Roy Emerson, Rod Laver, and Djokovic, to achieve the double career Grand Slam, and the second in the Open Era. They also became the first man in the Open Era to win an Australian Open final after losing the first two sets. This marked the third consecutive year a man trailed by two sets in a major final yet rallied to win, following Djokovic's two-set comeback at the 2021 French Open and Dominic Thiem's at the 2020 US Open.
Djokovic was the three-time reigning champion, but did not compete after their visa was cancelled shortly before the tournament began due to an intervention from Australia's Immigration Minister Alex Hawke, citing risks to public health and good order in Australia. That meant Nadal was the only former champion (2009) to compete in the tournament, with both Federer and Stan Wawrinka sidelined by injury. Djokovic retained the ATP No. 1 singles ranking despite being unable to defend their points after Medvedev and Alexander Zverev lost in the final and fourth round, respectively.
Matteo Berrettini became the first man born in the 1990s to reach the quarterfinals at all four majors, and the first Italian man to reach the semifinals of the Australian Open.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Seeded players
The following are the seeded players. Seedings are based on ATP rankings as of 10 January 2022. Rank and points before are as of 17 January 2022.
As a result of pandemic-related adjustments to the ranking system and changes to the ATP Tour calendar in 2020 and 2021, ranking points after the tournament (as of 31 January 2022) were calculated as follows:
Players who were defending points from the 2020 tournament (i.e. players whose 2020 results exceeded or were equal to their 2021 results) had their 2020 points replaced by points from the 2022 tournament; as of 31 January 2022, these players could also count their 2021 points towards their ranking if the 2021 points exceeded their 19th best result (in other words, points from the 2021 and 2022 tournaments could be counted simultaneously instead of under the previous "better of" system)
Players who were defending points from the 2021 tournament (i.e. players whose 2021 points exceeded their 2020 points) had their 19th best result replaced by their points from the 2022 tournament; these players continued to count their 2021 points alongside their 2022 points at the end of the tournament because the 2021 tournament was delayed by three weeks compared to the normal schedule and the "better of" logic for calculating ATP ranking points had been discontinued
All players who have points from the 2021 tournament still counting towards their ranking on 31 January 2022 will have those points dropped on 21 February 2022 (52 weeks after the 2021 tournament) and replaced by their next best result
Note that this is a different ranking adjustment system than the one being used by the WTA for the women's event.
† The player's 2020 points were replaced by their 2022 points, and their 19th best result was replaced by their 2021 points. The 2021 points will be dropped three weeks after the end of the 2022 tournament.
§ The player was defending points from a 2020 ITF tournament.
Withdrawn players
The following players would have been seeded, but withdrew before the tournament began.
Djokovic visa controversy
Djokovic lost their ability to compete when their visa to enter Australia was cancelled. Despite being granted a medical exemption to the tournament's COVID-19 vaccine requirement by Tennis Australia, the Australian Border Force confirmed that after being detained at Melbourne Airport for eight hours, Djokovic's visa had been cancelled and they would be denied entry to the country due to not meeting exemption criteria to Australia's vaccination requirements. Djokovic sought an injunction to prevent their deportation. The Federal Circuit and Family Court ruled in favour of Djokovic, ordered their release from detention and directed the federal government to pay their legal expenses. On 14 January Minister for Immigration Alex Hawke used their discretionary power to cancel Djokovic's visa on health and good order grounds. Djokovic sought a judicial review against deportation, but three Federal Court of Australia judges unanimously rejected the review on 16 January, preventing them from defending their title.
Other entry information
Wildcards
Source:
Qualifiers
Lucky losers
Withdrawals
Sources:
See also
2022 ATP Tour
2022 French Open – Men's singles
2022 Wimbledon Championships – Men's singles
2022 US Open – Men's singles
List of Grand Slam men's singles champions
Notes
References
External links
Draw
Men's Singles
Australian Open - Men's Singles
2022
Thomas Muster was the defending champion of the singles event at the Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships tennis tournament, but did not participate this year.
Nicklas Kulti defeated Michael Stich 6–3, 1–6, 6–2 to secure the title.
Seeds
Boris Becker (first round)
Jim Courier (semifinals)
Horst Skoff (first round)
Sergi Bruguera (first round)
Magnus Gustafsson (second round)
Michael Stich (final)
Mark Koevermans (first round)
Todd Woodbridge (second round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1991 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships Draw
Singles
The Premios Sur Award for Best Actress (), is an award given annually by the Argentine Academy of Cinematography Arts and Sciences to the best actor in Argentina for that year. The award was suspended in 1955 with the military coup d'état known as the Revolución Libertadora and not revived until 2006, after the present Academy was founded in 2004.
References
Argentine film awards
Latin American cinema
Film awards for lead actor
is a Japanese actor. They graduated from Aoyama Gakuin University. Katsuno's debut was as a detective Texas in the television series Taiyō ni Hoero! in 1974 and they won great popularity through the role. The episode their character Texas was killed recorded 42.5% audience rating, it was the highest audience rating in Taiyō ni Hoero!.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Official Site
1949 births
Living people
People from Kumamoto Prefecture
Japanese male actors
Aoyama Gakuin University alumni
Stephen Andrew Panos (Greek: Στιβ Πάνος; born February 4, 1988) is a Greek-American former professional basketball player. At a height of 2.06 m (6'9") tall, they played at the power forward and center positions.
College career
After playing high school basketball at Highland High School, in Salt Lake City, Utah, Panos played college basketball at Weber State, from 2006 to 2010.
Professional career
Panos began their pro career with the Greek League club Kolossos in 2010. They moved to the Greek club Kavala in 2012. They joined the Greek club Trikala Aries in 2013. In 2014 they resigned with Trikala for a 1 year contract
The Basketball Tournament
In the summers of 2015 and 2017, Panos played in The Basketball Tournament, on ESPN, for The Wasatch Front (Weber State Alumni). They competed for the $2 million prize in 2017, and for The Wasatch Front, they scored 6 points in their first round loss to Team Challenge ALS, by a score of 97–81.
References
External links
Official Twitter Account
Eurobasket.com Profile
Draftexpress.com Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
Balkan League Profile
Weber State College Profile
ESPN College Stats
1988 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American people of Greek descent
Aries Trikala B.C. players
Basketball players from Salt Lake City
Centers (basketball)
Greek men's basketball players
Kavala B.C. players
Kolossos Rodou B.C. players
Power forwards (basketball)
Promitheas Patras B.C. players
Weber State Wildcats men's basketball players
Richard Fowler (28 November 1765 – 13 April 1863), was an English physician.
Early life
Richard Fowler was born in London, and though they lived to a greater age than any other member of the College of Physicians, Fowler was of feeble health when a child. They were educated at Edinburgh and studied medicine there, and visited Paris as a student. Returning to Edinburgh in 1790 they continued their medical studies, and graduated M.D. on 12 September 1793 with a dissertation 'De Inflammatione.'
Career and death
They were also a member of the celebrated 'Speculative Society,' to which they contributed essays. They were admitted licentiate of the College of Physicians of London 21 March 1796, and settled in practice at Salisbury, where they passed the remainder of their life. They were at once elected physician to the Salisbury Infirmary, and held the office till 1847. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1802, and often took part in the meetings of the British Association, to attend which and to read a paper there they made the journey from Salisbury to Aberdeen in 1859, when close upon ninety-four years of age. They were successful in practice, and occupied a leading position in Salisbury for many years. They died at Milford, near Salisbury, in their ninety-eighth year, an age reached by very few persons in the annals of medicine.
Interests and works
Fowler always kept up an interest in science, without producing any notable original work. While a student in Edinburgh, after their return from Paris, they were fascinated by the recent discoveries of Galvani on the form of electricity called by their name, and made numerous experiments on the subject, which were published in a small volume entitled 'Experiments and Observations on the Influence lately discovered by M. Galvani, and commonly called Animal Electricity,' 8vo, Edinburgh, 1793. It contains, also, observations on the action of opium on nerves and muscles. Many years after Fowler published two small books on the psychology of persons in whom the senses are defective, viz. 'Observations on the Mental State of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb,' 12mo, Salisbury, 1843; 2nd edit. 1860; and 'The Physiological Processes of Thinking, especially in Persons whose Organs of Sense are Defective,' 12mo, Salisbury, 1849; 2nd edit. 1852. These works show some reading, and contain interesting observations, but are wanting in lucidity and in philosophical method. They also wrote 'On Literary and Scientific Pursuits as conducive to Longevity,' Salisbury, 1855, 12mo. Fowler appears to have written nothing on purely medical subjects, but contributed memoirs to the 'Proceedings of the British Association,' some of which were published separately.
In 1860 they founded the Salisbury and South Wiltshire Museum in St Ann's Street, Salisbury.
References
1765 births
1863 deaths
18th-century English medical doctors
Medical doctors from London
19th-century English medical doctors
Fellows of the Royal Society
Constantin Nour (June 13, 1906 or June 15, 1907, Tiraspol - November 17, 1986) was a Romanian champion middleweight boxer and national team trainer.
In 1926, they won the Romanian national championship in the middleweight category.
Nour, who was a so-called Honored Trainer ("Antrenor emerit"), trained both the Romanian national junior and the senior teams.
Disciples
Olympic champions Nicolae Linca and Ion Monea
Olympic silver medal winners Mircea Şimon and Mircea Dobrescu
European triple champion (flyweight, super flyweight and bantamweight) Lucian Popescu
Legacy
Their old club, Dinamo Bucharest, has a boxing gym named in their honor.
Professional boxing record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|10 Wins (6 knockouts, 3 decisions, 1 disqualification), 16 Losses (3 knockouts, 11 decisions 2 disqualifications), 4 Draws
|-
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Dumitru Călinescu
|DQ
|2
|1934-10-31
|align=left| Timișoara, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Dumitru Pavelescu
|PTS
|10
|1932-02-27
|align=left| Sidoli Circus, Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Mihai Fulea
|KO
|3
|1931-05-09
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Auguste Lengagne
|PTS
|10
|1930-05-15
|align=left| Boulogne-sur-Mer, France
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Maurice Kunter
|DQ
|1
|1930-05-10
|align=left| Central Sporting Club, Paris, France
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Emile Caulier
|TKO
|10
|1930-03-22
|align=left| Central Sporting Club, Paris, France
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Mihai Fulea
|PTS
|10
|1929-12-14
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Mihai Fulea
|PTS
|10
|1929-11-16
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Martin Franchi
|PTS
|10
|1929-06-09
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ali Sadek
|PTS
|10
|1929-05-25
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Motzi Spakow
|PTS
|10
|1929-04-20
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Michel Riond
|PTS
|10
|1929-03-16
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Louis Legras
|PTS
|8
|1929-02-16
|align=left| Central Sporting Club, Paris, France
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Louis Legras
|DQ
|3
|1929-02-02
|align=left| Central Sporting Club, Paris, France
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Henri Barras
|PTS
|10
|1929-01-19
|align=left| Central Sporting Club, Paris, France
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Motzi Spakow
|PTS
|10
|1928-12-08
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Umberto Lancia
|PTS
|10
|1928-09-13
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Dumitru Teica
|PTS
|10
|1928-01-14
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Motzi Spakow
|PTS
|10
|1927-11-23
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Emile Romerio
|TKO
|2
|1927-05-14
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Poldi Steinbach
|PTS
|10
|1927-04-10
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Dumitru Teica
|KO
|3
|1927-02-27
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Dumitru Teica
|KO
|2
|1927-02-26
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Boris Alexeev
|KO
|1
|1927-02-12
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Dumitru Teica
|PTS
|10
|1927-01-19
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Poldi Steinbach
|TKO
|5
|1926-06-05
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Dumitru Teica
|PTS
|10
|1926-04-01
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Al Puggi
|KO
|2
|1926-03-06
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Umberto Lancia
|PTS
|6
|1926-02-01
|align=left| Bucharest, Romania
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Gaspard Luiggi
|RTD
|1
|1923-09-30
|align=left| Galați, Romania
|align=left|
|}
Awards
Honored Trainer ("Antrenor emerit")
In 1976, they were awarded the title Meritul Sportiv Cl. II ("The Sport Merit, Second Class").
References
1986 deaths
Romanian boxing trainers
Middleweight boxers
People from Tiraspol
People from Kherson Governorate
1900s births
Romanian male boxers
Harcourt Burland Bull (June 2, 1824 – August 12, 1881) was an Ontario journalist and political figure. They were a Conservative member of the Senate of Canada from 1879 to 1881.
They were born in Dublin, Ireland in 1824, the son of George Perkins Bull. They operated the Hamilton Gazette, a newspaper founded by their father, from 1847 until it was taken over by the Hamilton Spectator during the 1850s. Bull was elected to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada for Burlington division in 1864 and served until Confederation. They were named to the Senate in 1879.
External links
1824 births
1881 deaths
Members of the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada
Canadian senators from Ontario
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) senators
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Tumegl/Tomils is a village in the municipality of Tomils in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. In 2009 Tumegl/Tomils merged with Feldis/Veulden, Scheid and Trans to form the municipality of Tomils.
History
Tumegl/Tomils is first mentioned in 1141 as in Tumillis.
Geography
Tumegl/Tomils has an area, , of . Of this area, 34% is used for agricultural purposes, while 55.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 5.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (5%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The village is located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. It is located on a low terrace on the right bank of the Hinterrhine. In 2009 Tumegl/Tomils merged with Feldis/Veulden, Scheid and Trans to form the municipality of Tomils. Until 1943 Tumegl/Tomils was known as Tomils.
Demographics
Tumegl/Tomils has a population () of 365, of which 5.2% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 7.7%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.5% male and 48.5% female. The age distribution, , in Tumegl/Tomils is; 48 people or 15.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 31 people or 9.7% are 10 to 14, and 26 people or 8.1% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 24 people or 7.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 55 people or 17.1% are 30 to 39, 52 people or 16.2% are 40 to 49, and 22 people or 6.9% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 17 people or 5.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 28 people or 8.7% are 70 to 79, there are 12 people or 3.7% who are 80 to 89, there are 5 people or 1.6% who are 90 to 99, and 1 person or 0.3% who is 100 or more.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SPS which received 36.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (28%), the CVP (21.1%) and the FDP (13.4%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Tumegl/Tomils about 86.6% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Tumegl/Tomils has an unemployment rate of 0.87%. , there were 12 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 14 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 18 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 8 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (91.3%), with Romansh being second most common ( 4.0%) and Albanian being third ( 2.2%).
Heritage sites of national significance
The S. Maria e Maurezzi Church, Burg Ortenstein (Ortenstein castle) and Sogn Murezi (an early medieval church) are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
References
External links
Official website
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Domleschg
rm:Tumegl
Stare Chojno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Simon Allerton Cawkwell (born October1946) is a British stock market commentator, share trader and author, best known for writing a thrice-weekly diary at the now dissolved T1ps.com, publicly identifying companies whose share price they believe will fall and betting their own money on such falls.  They are currently an author, public speaker + podcaster, known as Evil Knievil, their best known output is Evil Diaries on the Master Investor website.
Background
Simon Cawkwell is the son of George Cawkwell, the historian and former Vice Master of University College, Oxford. They were educated at the Dragon School, in Oxford, and Rugby School.
Their first job was an Articled clerk at accountancy firm Coopers & Lybrand. They worked in Zambia as a mines cost flow and taxation forecast accountant returning to the UK in 1973.
Trading and exposing fraud
Cawkwell was involved in exposing the fraud committed by Robert Maxwell specifically Maxwell Communication Corporation.
Cawkwell did their first share trade in 1967 at the age of 21 and their first short position taken was MFI Group in 1973, it collapsed from 150p to 10p, they also made £1 million on short-selling shares in Northern Rock, Polly Peck and Amber Day.
In the early 2000's, they made the correct prediction on the prices of gold stocks.
Cawkwell was listed amongst the World's top ten most famous traders of all time in 2019 by IG Group.
Short selling
Their short selling activities were curtailed by the Short-Selling Prohibition disclosure rules in 2008 requiring notification if the short position covered more than 0.25% of a company's shares, this expired in May 2020. Further short selling notification thresholds were announced in January 2021.
Company directorships
In March 2001, Cawkwell issued a $1 million legal claim against former Russian Deputy Prime Minister Boris Fedorov, in response to moves to take control of the Russian oil and gas company Gazprom. They were a director of Tranquillo, a major shareholder in Gazprom.
Cawkwell started their own accountancy firm in Jermyn Street, Mayfair. They also founded Company Communications Centre with two former directors of Oyez Group in 1978. Cawkwell was a director of Virgin Atlantic.
They were chairperson of WineBank, however efforts to save this wine trading group were not successful.
They were forced to resign as a company director of Kryso Resources (renamed China Nonferrous Gold in 2013) after they were found to have broken the rules of the AIM stock exchange by buying shares during a prohibited period.
Cawkwell was previously a director of Greasemeter Limited, Fisher Harrison Limited, Incase Solutions Limited, Custom Products Limited and Kryso Resources Limited.
Gambling
Cawkwell trades on the betting exchange Betfair, they had a long-running dispute with the firm when their wager that Niall Quinn would not become permanent manager of Sunderland AFC was lost, despite Quinn's stating that they were taking the job only temporarily. Roy Keane took over the role a few weeks later in August 2006, after Betfair had settled the market. Betfair suspended Cawkwell's account in January 2020.
They had a dispute with Sportingbet regarding the ball crossing the goal-line without a goal being given in the 2018 soccer World Cup competition. In 2014 they were reported to have made £150,000 in one week sports betting.
Books
Profit of the Plunge: How to Win Short Selling - Author Simon Cawkwell, Publisher Rushmere Wynne 1 January 1995
Bear Essentials: The Secret of Forensic Accounting and Profitable Trading - Author Simon Cawkwell, Publisher T1ps.com Limited 15 September 2003
Evils Good: Book of Boasts and Other Investments - Author Simon Cawkwell, Edited by Tom Winnifrith, Publisher T1ps.com Limited 27 April 2012
References
1946 births
Living people
People from Oxford
People educated at The Dragon School
People educated at Rugby School
English accountants
English businesspeople
Mikhail Aleskandrovich Kuznetsov (; born 24 August 1979 in Shymkent, Ongutsik Qazaqstan) is a male triathlete from Kazakhstan.
Kuznetsov competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took forty-seventh place with a total time of 1:59:13.50.
References
External links
sports-reference
1979 births
Living people
People from Shymkent
Kazakhstani male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Kazakhstan
Grammodes microgonia is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by George Hampson in 1910.
Distribution
This species is known from Zambia.
References
Hampson, G. F. (1910). "Zoological collections from Northern Rhodesia and adjacent territories: Lepidoptera Phalaenae". Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London. 1910 (2): 388–510, pls. 36–41.
Endemic fauna of Zambia
Ophiusina
Executive federalism is "the processes of intergovernmental negotiation that are dominated by the executives of the different governments within the federal system." Alternatively, Donald Smiley defined Executive federalism as “the relation between elected and appointed officials of the two orders of government.”
Canada
In Canada, the most publicized aspect of Executive federalism is the First Ministers Conference; however, in the first decade of the 21st century, the Council of the Federation became the important bi-annual meeting between the Premiers of Canada. Notable efforts at the Council of the Federation include the attempt by former Premier of Ontario, Mike Harris, to promote the idea that the provinces should take primary responsibility to set the national standards in social policy and Premier of Alberta, Ralph Klein, calling on other premiers to join them in opposing Ottawa's signing of the Kyoto protocol.
Australia
During the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia, the National Cabinet, consisting of the Prime Minister and the premiers and chief ministers of the Australian states and territories, in order to help guide the country through the crisis. It has been described as akin to Australia's war cabinet during the Second World War. As a special intergovernmental decision-making forum, its power is that which the leaders of all Australian jurisdictions bring to negotiate on behalf of their people, and to implement the decisions reached, a model which public policy expert Jennifer Menzies calls executive federalism. In this model, the citizens of each state or territory are represented by their elected heads, and the smaller states have equal representation
References
Federalism
Champions
National League (split season):
First-half: Boston Beaneaters
Second-half: Cleveland Spiders
World Series: Boston Beaneaters over Cleveland Spiders (5–0; 1 tie)
National League final standings
The National League played a split season schedule, with the teams that had the best record in each half of the season meeting in a postseason best-of-nine series, known at the time as the "World's Championship Series".
Statistical leaders
Events
March 4 – Following the collapse of the American Association, the National League holds its first meeting. They decide on a split season for 1892, with the winners from each half to meet in a championship series following the regular season.
June 6 – Benjamin Harrison becomes the first U.S. president to attend a game while in office, when they watch the Cincinnati Reds defeat the Washington Senators, 7–4 in 11 innings.
July 13 – The final games of the first half are played.
July 15 – Play resumes for the second half of the season after a one-day break.
July/August – After the Boston Beaneaters cut some players, they begin the second half slowly and the Cleveland Spiders take the lead. Some fans accuse the Boston club of purposely playing poorly "in order to force a playoff at the end of the season"—that is, to generate extra revenue.
August 6 – Jack Stivetts throws a no-hitter for the Boston Beaneaters in an 11–0 victory over the Brooklyn Grooms.
August 22 – Louisville Colonels pitcher Ben Sanders hurls a no-hitter in a 6–2 win over the Baltimore Orioles.
September 21 – Pitcher John Clarkson of the Cleveland Spiders records their 300th career win.
October 15 – On the last day of the season, Bumpus Jones of the Cincinnati Reds makes their major league debut with a 7–1 no-hitter against Pittsburgh, becoming the second pitcher to hurl a no-hitter in their first start.
October 17 – The first-half champion Boston Beaneaters and second-half champion Cleveland Spiders begin a best-of-nine "World's Championship Series" to determine an overall champion. The first game, pitched by Jack Stivetts for the Beaneaters and Cy Young for the Spiders, ends in a 0–0 tie after 11 innings.
October 24 – The Beaneaters win their fifth consecutive game over the Spiders to capture the championship.
November 1 – Statistics for the first 154-game season show that Dan Brouthers of the Brooklyn Grooms was the top hitter with a .335 batting average, and Cy Young of the Cleveland Spiders the best pitcher with a 36–11 record and a .766 winning percentage.
November 17 – National League magnates conclude a four-day meeting in Chicago where they agree to shorten the 1893 schedule to 132 games and drop the split season schedule (the league's next split season would be ). They also pledge to continue to reduce player salaries and other team expenses.
Births
January
January 2 – George Boehler
January 2 – Jack Kibble
January 2 – Merlin Kopp
January 3 – Roland Howell
January 4 – Charlie Miller
January 5 – Chuck Wortman
January 16 – Fred Bratschi
January 17 – Roy Grover
January 21 – Bernie Boland
January 27 – Tatica Campos
January 31 – Steamboat Williams
February
February 1 – Dixie McArthur
February 1 – Tom McGuire
February 4 – Eddie Ainsmith
February 4 – Rollie Naylor
February 6 – Goldie Rapp
February 8 – Manuel Cueto
February 12 – Tom Rogers
February 15 – Al Braithwood
February 16 – Ed Schorr
February 17 – Fred Brainard
February 17 – Nemo Leibold
February 18 – John Gallagher
February 19 – Weldon Wyckoff
February 20 – John Donaldson
February 22 – Doc Waldbauer
February 24 – Wilbur Cooper
February 26 – Harry Weaver
February 29 – Ed Appleton
March
March 6 – Chick Davies
March 6 – George Mohart
March 10 – Emil Huhn
March 12 – Bill James
March 12 – George Maisel
March 13 – Chippy Gaw
March 13 – Patsy Gharrity
March 21 – Bill Stumpf
March 22 – Lew Wendell
March 24 – Fred Trautman
March 29 – Harry McCluskey
April
April 1 – Claude Cooper
April 3 – Harry Kingman
April 11 – Ray Gordinier
April 11 – Red Smith
April 13 – Pat Martin
April 16 – Dutch Leonard
April 17 – Morrie Schick
April 18 – Jack Scott
April 19 – Bugs Bennett
April 19 – Dave Black
April 19 – Chick Shorten
April 22 – Ferd Eunick
April 25 – Snipe Conley
April 26 – Jesse Barnes
May
May 3 – Del Baker
May 4 – Zip Collins
May 4 – Jack Tobin
May 4 – Ted Turner
May 7 – Allan Travers
May 9 – Mickey Devine
May 14 – Bruce Hartford
May 17 – Hal Carlson
May 18 – Bill Batsch
May 19 – Jim Hickman
May 23 – Pop-Boy Smith
May 23 – Luke Stuart
May 24 – Oscar Harstad
May 24 – Joe Oeschger
May 25 – Doug Smith
May 31 – George Smith
June
June 1 – Ty Tyson
June 3 – Howard Lohr
June 4 – Herb Kelly
June 4 – Paul Maloy
June 4 – George Twombly
June 6 – Joe Pate
June 10 – Frank Gilhooley
June 11 – Clarence Woods
June 11 – Archie Yelle
June 16 – Jack Farrell
June 19 – Harry Daubert
June 22 – John Mercer
June 24 – Howard Fahey
June 24 – George Harper
June 27 – George Ross
July
July 3 – Bunny Brief
July 13 – Eusebio González
July 14 – Jack Farmer
July 15 – Bubbles Hargrave
July 26 – Sad Sam Jones
July 31 – Erv Kantlehner
July 31 – Art Nehf
July 31 – Mutt Williams
August
August 1 – Roy Sanders
August 5 – Fred Ostendorf
August 10 – Elmer Jacobs
August 12 – Ray Schalk
August 16 – Bill Keen
August 17 – Johnny Rawlings
August 19 – Rags Faircloth
August 20 – William Rohrer
August 25 – Tony Boeckel
August 25 – Johnny Jones
August 26 – Jesse Barnes
August 27 – Hal Janvrin
August 28 – Braggo Roth
August 29 – Roy Wood
September
September 5 – Cap Crowell
September 7 – Ginger Shinault
September 9 – Tiny Graham
September 11 – Ernie Koob
September 15 – Harry Lunte
September 17 – Tommy Taylor
September 21 – Elmer Smith
October
October 3 – Jack Richardson
October 4 – Delos Brown
October 7 – Adam DeBus
October 8 – Harry Baumgartner
October 9 – Arnie Stone
October 10 – Rich Durning
October 12 – Rupert Mills
October 13 – Chauncey Burkam
October 17 – Frank Madden
October 17 – Ted Welch
October 18 – Coonie Blank
October 18 – Bill Johnson
October 19 – Michael Driscoll
October 22 – Norm McNeil
October 24 – Dick Niehaus
October 28 – Bill McCabe
October 31 – Ray O'Brien
November
November 1 – Earl Blackburn
November 1 – Lefty York
November 5 – Flame Delhi
November 5 – Roxy Walters
November 5 – Yam Yaryan
November 10 – Jim Park
November 11 – Al Schacht
November 17 – Don Flinn
November 17 – Gene Steinbrenner
November 18 – Pedro Dibut
November 18 – Les Mann
November 18 – Harry Trekell
November 19 – Everett Scott
November 20 – Harry O'Neill
November 22 – Pi Schwert
November 24 – Harry Wolfe
November 27 – Bullet Joe Bush
November 30 – Josh Billings
December
December 1 – George Dickerson
December 1 – Dean Sturgis
December 2 – Chick Smith
December 4 – Johnny Meador
December 8 – Ellis Johnson
December 13 – Ivan Bigler
December 14 – Rudy Kallio
December 15 – Lou Kolls
December 16 – Scrappy Moore
December 19 – Fred Thomas
December 20 – Deacon Jones
December 25 – Walter Holke
December 25 – Karl Kolseth
December 26 – Lee King
December 29 – Monroe Sweeney
December 30 – Tom Connolly
Deaths
January 14 – Silver Flint, 36, catcher with the Chicago White Stockings for eleven seasons who batted .310 for 1881 champions
February 10 – Ed Glenn, 31, outfielder for three major league seasons; 1884, 1886, 1888.
March 11 – Cinders O'Brien, 24, pitcher for four seasons. Won 22 games for the 1889 Cleveland Spiders.
March 18 – Phil Tomney, 28, shortstop for Louisville Colonels from 1888 to 1890.
March 29 – Adam Rocap, 38?, outfielder for the 1875 Philadelphia Athletics.
April 18 – Ned Bligh, 27, catcher for four seasons, died of Typhoid fever.
May 21 – Hub Collins, 28, second baseman for the 1889–90 champion Brooklyn teams who led league in doubles and runs once each
July 12 – Alexander Cartwright, 72, pioneer of the sport who formulated the first rules in 1845, developing a new sport for adults out of various existing playground games; established distance between bases at 90 feet, introduced concept of foul territory, set the number of players at nine per team, and fixed the number of outs at three per side and innings at nine; founded Knickerbocker Base Ball Club, the sport's first organized club, in New York City, and spread the sport across the nation into the 1850s.
October 5 – Dickie Flowers, 42?, shortstop for two seasons in the National Association, 1871–72.
November 3 – Edgar Smith, 30, played in four seasons with four teams from 1883 to 1885, and 1890.
December 20 – John Fitzgerald, 26, pitcher for the 1890 Rochester Broncos.
References
Spencer Odom (born August 19, 1913, Chicago; died December 24, 1962 (age 49) New York City) was a pianist-arranger who conducted the music for the Frank Buck recording Tiger (record album).
Early years
Odom was the son of Carrie Combs and Walter D. Odom. They received public musical education at Chicago Piano College, with private lessons under T. T. Taylor and Mrs. Estelle Bonds. Their theory, arranging, composition and orchestral training were received under Major N. Clark Smith, who formed an orchestra from their best students including Ray Nance, Oliver Coleman, Claud Adams and Jesse Simpkins.
Career
Odom was pianist and arranger for many well known bands, Dave Peyton and Lionel Hampton, and was the pianist for the popular Flying Home record. They also made arrangements for Vincent Lopez. They accompanied and arranged for the Southernaires and the Mariners with Arthur Godfrey.
Work with Frank Buck
In 1950, Odom was arranger and conductor for the Frank Buck recording Tiger (record album).
Death
Odom died of a heart attack Christmas Eve in their New York studio, the Showcase, while they and their associate, Bill Hyer, were rehearsing talent. A 15-minute break had been called and while Odom and their partner were talking, Odom suddenly slumped to the floor. Doctors were called but failed to revive him.
References
1913 births
1962 deaths
Musicians from Chicago
20th-century American pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American male musicians
Contia is a small genus of snakes in the family Colubridae. The genus is endemic to North America.
Etymology
The generic name, Contia, is in honor of American entomologist John Lawrence LeConte.
Species
There are two recognized species:
References
Further reading
Baird SF, Girard CF (1853). Catalogue of North American Reptiles in the Museum of the Smithsonian Institution. Part I.—Serpents. Washington, District of Columbia: Smithsonian Institution. xvi + 172 pp. (Contia, new genus, p. 110).
Colubrids
Snake genera
Snakes of North America
Taxa named by Spencer Fullerton Baird
Taxa named by Charles Frédéric Girard
Episode One: Children of Harlem is an album by saxophonist Gary Bartz which was recorded in 1994 and released on the Dutch Challenge label.
Reception
Scott Yanow of Allmusic said "Bartz (who is heard on alto and soprano) is in fine form playing with a top-notch quartet ... The hard-bop oriented music includes a few standards and three originals by either Bartz or Willis. It's not essential but enjoyable".
Track listing
"Amos 'n' Andy Theme One & Spoken Intro" (William Campbell) – 3:08
"Tap Dancer" (Gary Bartz) – 7:01
"If This Isn't Love" (Burton Lane, Yip Harburg) – 10:39
"Tico Tico" (Zequinha de Abreu) – 8:45
"Ezekiel Saw the Wheel" (Traditional) – 8:53
"Children of Harlem" (Larry Willis) – 7:35
"Crazy They Call Me" (Carl Sigman, Bob Russell) – 12:55
"Heavy Blue" (Larry Willis) – 5:12
"Ruby Begonia & Amos 'n' Andy Theme Two" (Gaetano Braga) – 1:29
Personnel
Gary Bartz – alto saxophone
Larry Willis – piano
Buster Williams - bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
Gary Bartz albums
1994 albums
Challenge Records (1994) albums
Eutreta diana is a species in the family Tephritidae, known as fruit flies in North America and picture wing flies in Europe. Females lay eggs in vegetative buds of several species and subspecies of sagebrush in western North America. Larvae induce woody galls near their oviposition site and feed on the plant internally until they mature. Adults have "pale green eyes, white-dotted black wings, and bright red abdomens" (Goeden 1990). Growth of galls coincides with spring seasonal growth of sagebrush. There is one generation per year.
Distribution
Canada, United States.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1877
Diptera of North America
Antonio Smith (born June 12, 1984) is an American football cornerback. They were signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2007. They played college football at Ohio State.
Smith has also been a member of the Detroit Lions, San Diego Chargers and Cincinnati Bengals.
Biography
Shortly after finishing their career at Beechcroft High School, they went on to the Ohio State University.
References
External links
Indianapolis Colts bio
1984 births
Living people
Players of American football from Columbus, Ohio
American football cornerbacks
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Detroit Lions players
San Diego Chargers players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Derrycrew () is a townland of 444 acres in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the civil parish of Loughgall and the historic barony of Oneilland West.
See also
List of townlands in County Armagh
References
Townlands of County Armagh
Civil parish of Loughgall
Kenneth Trones (born 19 April 1969) is a Norwegian football defender.
They played for FK Fauske/Sprint, then for FK Bodø-Glimt, then for Fauske/Sprint again from 1991. From 1992 they played for IL Hødd. They participated in their promotion to the highest level after the 1994 season. In 1996, they went to SFK Lyn. They only got three games for the club. They later played for Bærum SK and Lørenskog IF before moving back to Fauske.
References
1969 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Sportspeople from Nordland
FK Bodø/Glimt players
IL Hødd players
Eliteserien players
Lyn Fotball players
Bærum SK players
Association football defenders
Sex Machine Today is the 40th studio album by American musician James Brown. The album was released in May 1975, by Polydor Records.
Track listing
Personnel
James Brown - lead vocals, arrangements
Fred Wesley - production supervision, arrangements
Bob Both - production supervision, engineer
David Stone, Major Little - assistant engineer
Roger Huyssen - artwork
References
1975 albums
James Brown albums
Polydor Records albums
The Checks were a New Zealand rock band known for blues-driven, high-energy rock. The group released three albums, Hunting Whales, Alice by the Moon and Deadly Summer Sway and toured extensively before splitting up in 2012.
History
The Checks were formed in 2002 when Takapuna Grammar School friends Ed Knowles, Sven Pettersen, Karel Chabera, Jacob Moore and Callum Martin came together over a mutual love of music. The newly formed band got their first break by impressing bFM breakfast DJ Hugh Sundae, and went on to win the Auckland regional finals of the Smokefreerockquest, qualifying them for the 2003 finals. In 2004 the group won Most Promising New Act at the bNet Music Awards, and then picked up the Most b.Net Radio Play award for their song "Mercedes Children" in 2005. The Checks reputation grew and with only one single released, the group were personally selected by R.E.M. to open for them on their 2005 New Zealand tour, and were invited by NME editor Conor McNicholas to join the NME New Music Tour of the UK in 2005.
The Checks were signed for a four-album deal with UK record label Full Time Hobby (through Sony/BMG UK) and moved to England to record their debut LP. Hunting Whales was released in October 2007 and spent four weeks in the New Zealand album charts, peaking at number 21. Despite some success in the UK, Full Time Hobby records could no longer support the band. The Checks could not sustain living in the UK and return to New Zealand, recording under their own label, Pie Club Records. As well as touring in New Zealand, Australia, Europe and the United States, the Checks also played support gigs for The Hives, Oasis, Jet, Muse, The Killers and AC/DC.
In 2008 the group recorded new song "There is a Field", released as a non-album digital download, before recording their self-produced second album Alice by the Moon in Auckland in early 2009. Alice by the Moon was released in June 2009 to critical acclaim and peaked at number 13 in the New Zealand album charts. In 2010 Alice by the Moon was shortlisted for the Taite Music Prize and won Rock Album at the 2010 NZ Music Awards, with the Checks also being nominated for Best Group.
The group recorded their third album Deadly Summer Sway in 2011 which was also released to favourable reviews. The group released a trilogy of music videos for the songs "Candyman Shimmer", "Ready To Die" and "Perfect Lover", directed by the Trophywife collective.
In August 2012, the Checks announced they were breaking up. No reason was given for the split.
Members
Edward Knowles – vocals
Sven Pettersen – lead guitar
Callum Martin – guitar, backing vocals
Karel Chabera Jr. – bass guitar
Jacob Moore – drums, backing vocals
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
Awards
|-
| 2004
| The Checks
| bNet Music Awards - Most Promising New Act
|
|-
| 2005
| "Mercedes Children"
| bNet Music Awards - Most b.Net Radio Play
|
|-
| 2005
| "What You Heard"
| NZ Music Awards - Breakthrough Artist of the Year
|
|-
| 2010
| Alice by the Moon
| NZ Music Awards - Best Group
|
|-
| 2010
| Alice by the Moon
| NZ Music Awards - Best Rock Album
|
|-
| 2010
| Alice by the Moon
| Taite Music Prize - Finalist
|
|-
| 2012
| Deadly Summer Sway
| NZ Music Awards - Best Rock Album
|
|}
References
New Zealand blues rock musical groups
People educated at Takapuna Grammar School
New Zealand garage rock groups
American Duchess is a river cruise paddlewheeler owned and operated by American Queen Steamboat Company. It is the third addition to the AQSC fleet and is advertised as being the most luxurious option of the line's vessels. The riverboat's itineraries include routes on the Mississippi, Ohio, Tennessee, Cumberland and Illinois Rivers.
Bettendorf Capri (1995–2016)
Before it was American Duchess, this vessel was originally designed and built for Isle of Capri Casinos as a casino boat named Bettendorf Capri. After going land-based, Isle of Capri sold the boat to AQSC in 2016. On October 16, 2016, Bettendorf locals gathered on the levee to give their farewell to the 21 year-old casino boat and watched them pull off the river bank to sail south to undergo their reconstruction. Contracted to Bollinger Shipyards in Morgan City, Louisiana, the vessel would be gutted, remodeled and relaunched as a river cruiseliner the following year. The conversion from a casino boat to an overnight passenger vessel involved the removal of over 1,000 slot machine bases and 1,200 steel chairs, the construction of new dividing walls to form 83 passenger cabins, the addition of a crew hold, a completely new interior layout and design, modifications to propulsion and a new exterior paint job.
Introduction as American Duchess
On August 14, 2017 at the New Orleans waterfront, American Duchess was christened with a bottle of Maker's Mark bourbon by Marissa Applegate, daughter of AQSC CEO John Waggoner. Former Maker's Mark chairperson Bill Samuels Jr. also attended the christening and in their speech likened the christening to that of Cunard's 2010 christening of with a bottle of Scotch whiskey.
American Duchess became the third of four vessels within the AQSC fleet, succeeding and , and preceding the 2021 launch of American Countess.
American Duchess was slated to make mostly the same routes as American Queen, with two unique destinations being the city of Nashville, Tennessee and the Illinois River up to Ottawa, Illinois. American Queen has not visited Nashville since 2014, though they did make an unexpected cruise to Ottawa, Illinois in 2018 due to high water conditions on the Upper Mississippi.
Economic impact of American Duchess
American Duchess has been welcomed and praised by many river towns in the United States for they and their sister vessels' contributions to local economies. The rising popularity of U.S. river cruising has brought tourist dollars into smaller, lesser known U.S. towns from travelers worldwide. In 2018, the combined presence of American Queen and American Duchess brought over $2 million to the economy of Vicksburg, Mississippi. Jim Palmeri of the American Queen's shore excursions company estimated that the total of 16,537 people brought to Vicksburg during that year by AQSC had spent an average of $76 per person in the city. During a 2019 visit to Point Pleasant, West Virginia, Denny Bellamy of the city's visitor's bureau expressed their appeasement of the increasing frequency of riverboat visits to the town. Bellamy referred to the passengers' experiences in town as a legitimization of Point Pleasant as a tourist destination. They also spoke of their aspiration for the city to become a "truck stop for boats."
References
1995 ships
River cruise ships
Passenger ships of the United States
Bettendorf, Iowa
