The Hundred of Cotton is a hundred in the County of Chandos, South Australia, established in 1894.
History
The traditional owners of the land are the Ngargad Australian Aboriginal tribes. The explorer Edward Eyre passed through the area during their 1940-1841 travels.
The towns of Kalkam, Parrakie and Mulpata are within the hundred.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Cotton
James Martinez is an American actor, known for their role as Alex Romero in season five of the Netflix series House of Cards, and Armando Salazar on the Hulu series Love, Victor.
Career
Martinez portrayed series regular Jorge Sanchez in Gravity on Starz in 2010. In 2017, they appeared as Alex Romero in season five of the Netflix series House of Cards. Martinez portrayed Victor on the Netflix series One Day at a Time from 2017 to 2019. From 2020 to 2022, they starred as Armando Salazar on the Hulu series Love, Victor.
Selected filmography
Television
Film
Video games
References
External links
Living people
American male television actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male film actors
American people of Colombian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
House of Binary is the third album by The Wisdom of Harry, an experimental electronic music ensemble from London.
Track listing
"...Hello" (0:41)
"Unit One" (3:28)
"Coney Island of Your Mind" (4:33)
"Caesar Boots" (4:22)
"March of the Otaku" (3:11)
"Theme from Eggboy" (1:37)
"Boxed" (4:31)
"Disco C" (4:05)
"Woke up Buzzing" (3:24)
"Sleepwalking" (3:37)
"The Year Without Speaking" (1:36)
"I'm Going to Make my Life Right" (3:34)
"Palefinger" (3:07)
"The Wisdom" (4:57)
2000 albums
Matador Records albums
is a Japanese voice actor and singer. They played Noel Vermillion in BlazBlue.
Personal life
In November 2020, it was announced that they had recently gotten married and is currently pregnant.
In 6:02pm April 24 2021, they had announced that they gave birth to their first child, a boy in their twitter.
Filmography
Anime
Video games
Drama CDs
Dubbing
Discography
Albums
References
External links
Official agency profile
on Target Entertainment
1981 births
Living people
Japanese women pop singers
Japanese video game actores
Japanese voice actores
Singers from Tokyo
Voice actores from Tokyo
21st-century Japanese actores
21st-century Japanese singers
21st-century Japanese women singers
Kržava may refer to:
Kržava, Montenegro
Kržava, Krupanj, Serbia
Alpha Beta Gamma is a 2021 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film directed by debutant Shankar Srikumar and starring Nishan, Amit Kumar Vashisth, and Reena Aggarwal. The story and screenplay is written by Menka Sharma and Shankar. The film is produced by Jithin Raj, Mona Shankar, Thomas Punnoose, and Menka Sharma. The film is a joint venture between Choti Film Productions & Knownsense Entertainment.
Kartik Kumar Bhagat was the film's cinematographer, and its soundtrack and score are composed by Biplaab Dutta.
Alpha Beta Gamma was world premiered at the 52nd International Film Festival of India at Goa, in the Indian Panorama feature film segment on 24 November 2021. It's a first and debut for most of the people associated with the film. The movie was one of the only two Hindi films to be screened under Indian Panorama in the feature film segment out of 221 applications.
Cast
Nishan as Raviraj Varma
Amit Kumar Vashisth as Chiranjeev Vashishth
Reena Aggarwal as Mitali Chauhan
Production
The movie was shot in Pune during the COVID-19 pandemic with limited crew members.
Screenings
Alpha Beta Gamma was world premiered at 52nd International Film Festival of India in features film category of 'Indian Panorama' section for screening in November. The film will also be screened at Cannes Film Festival in Marché du Film held along 2022 edition of the festival on 22 May at Palais des Festivals, where India was announced as the official 'country of honour'.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2021 films
2020s Hindi-language films
2021 romantic comedy films
Indian romantic comedy films
Bölmepınar is a village in the Çavdır district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Çavdır District
Mount Bosworth is located in the Canadian Rockies on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. The mountain is situated immediately northwest of Kicking Horse Pass and straddles the shared border of Banff National Park with Yoho National Park. It was named in 1903 after George Morris Bosworth, an executive and long-time employee of the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Geology
Mount Bosworth is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Bosworth is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
List of mountains of Alberta
Mountains of British Columbia
References
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Mountains of Banff National Park
Mountains of Yoho National Park
The Wannier equation describes a quantum mechanical eigenvalue problem in solids where an electron in a conduction band and an electronic vacancy (i.e. hole) within a valence band attract each other via the Coulomb interaction. For one electron and one hole, this problem is analogous to the Schrödinger equation of the hydrogen atom; and the bound-state solutions are called excitons. When an exciton's radius extends over several unit cells, it is referred to as a Wannier exciton in contrast to Frenkel excitons whose size is comparable with the unit cell. An excited solid typically contains many electrons and holes; this modifies the Wannier equation considerably. The resulting generalized Wannier equation can be determined from the homogeneous part of the semiconductor Bloch equations or the semiconductor luminescence equations.
The equation is named after Gregory Wannier.
Background
Since an electron and a hole have opposite charges their mutual Coulomb interaction is attractive. The corresponding Schrödinger equation, in relative coordinate , has the same form as the hydrogen atom:
with the potential given by
Here, is the reduced Planck constant, is the nabla operator, is the reduced mass, () is the elementary charge related to an electron (hole), is the relative permittivity, and is the vacuum permittivity. The solutions of the hydrogen atom are described by eigenfunction and eigenenergy where is a quantum number labeling the different states.
In a solid, the scaling of and the wavefunction size are orders of magnitude different from the hydrogen problem because the relative permittivity is roughly ten and the reduced mass in a solid is much smaller than the electron rest mass , i.e., . As a result, the exciton radius can be large while the exciton binding energy is small, typically few to hundreds of meV, depending on material, compared to eV for the hydrogen problem.
The Fourier transformed version of the presented Hamiltonian can be written as
where is the electronic wave vector, is the kinetic energy and , are the Fourier transforms of , , respectively. The Coulomb sums follows from the convolution theorem and the -representation is useful when introducing the generalized Wannier equation.
Generalized Wannier equation
The Wannier equation can be generalized by including the presence of many electrons and holes in the excited system. One can start from the general theory of either optical excitations or light emission in semiconductors that can be systematically described using the semiconductor Bloch equations (SBE) or the semiconductor luminescence equations (SLE), respectively. The homogeneous parts of these equations produce the Wannier equation at the low-density limit. Therefore, the homogeneous parts of the SBE and SLE provide a physically meaningful way to identify excitons at arbitrary excitation levels. The resulting generalized Wannier equation is
where the kinetic energy becomes renormalized
by the electron and hole occupations and , respectively. These also modify the Coulomb interaction into
where weakens the Coulomb interaction via the so-called phase-space filling factor that stems from the Pauli exclusion principle preventing multiple excitations of fermions. Due to the phase-space filling factor, the Coulomb attraction becomes repulsive for excitations levels . At this regime, the generalized Wannier equation produces only unbound solutions which follow from the excitonic Mott transition from bound to ionized electron–hole pairs.
Once electron–hole densities exist, the generalized Wannier equation is not Hermitian anymore. As a result, the eigenvalue problem has both left- and right-handed eigenstates and , respectively. They are connected via the phase-space filling factor, i.e. . The left- and right-handed eigenstates have the same eigen value (that is real valued for the form shown) and they form a complete set of orthogonal solutions since
.
The Wannier equations can also be generalized to include scattering and screening effects that appear due to two-particle correlations within the SBE. This extension also produces left- and right-handed eigenstate, but their connection is more complicated than presented above. Additionally, becomes complex valued and the imaginary part of defines the lifetime of the resonance .
Physically, the generalized Wannier equation describes how the presence of other electron–hole pairs modifies the binding of one effective pair. As main consequences, an excitation tends to weaken the Coulomb interaction and renormalize the single-particle energies in the simplest form. Once also correlation effects are included, one additionally observes the screening of the Coulomb interaction, excitation-induced dephasing, and excitation-induced energy shifts. All these aspects are important when semiconductor experiments are explained in detail.
Applications
Due to the analogy with the hydrogen problem, the zero-density eigenstates are known analytically for any bulk semiconductor when excitations close to the bottom of the electronic bands are studied. In nanostructured materials, such as quantum wells, quantum wires, and quantum dots, the Coulomb-matrix element strongly deviates from the ideal two- and three-dimensional systems due to finite quantum confinement of electronic states. Hence, one cannot solve the zero-density Wannier equation analytically for those situations, but needs to resort to numerical eigenvalue solvers. In general, only numerical solutions are possible for all semiconductor cases when exciton states are solved within an excited matter. Further examples are shown in the context of the Elliott formula.
See also
Excitons
Semiconductor Bloch equations
Semiconductor luminescence equations
Elliott formula
Eigenvalues and eigenvectors
Quantum well
Quantum wire
Quantum dot
References
Quantum mechanics
Louis-Édouard Garrido (1893–1982) was a French painter.
Biography
Louis-Édouard Garrido was a French painter, the son of Spanish artist Leon Eduardo Garrido. Established in Normandy, Louis-Édouard Garrido painted superb landscapes in the area of Saint-Vaast, as well as portraits and still lifes. The artist has been the director of the Beaux Arts school of Caen (Normandy), as well as the curator of the Musée des beaux-arts in Caen. Louis Edouard Garrido was also the president of the artist association of Lower Normandy.
Notes
Artworks
the Port of St.Vaast-la-Hougue
Nature morte aux groseilles (still-life with berries)
Autoportrait au chapeau (self-portrait with hat)
Sources
Official website of the City of St-Vaast
1893 births
1982 deaths
People from Saint-Maur-des-Fossés
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French male painters
Modern painters
French people of Spanish descent
19th-century French male artists
Bucket-handle is a movement of ribs that results in change in transverse diameter of the thorax.
Definition
One of the most important functions of ribs and diaphragm is the change in volume of thorax that helps inspiration and expiration. In general, the ribs move around two axes. As the anterior end of ribs is about 4 cm lower than the posterior end, the middle part of rib is lower than anterior and posterior ends. Movement at costovertebral joints 7 to 10 about an anteroposterior axis results in raising and lowering the middle of the rib, the Bucket-handle movement. In elevation, this increases the transverse diameter of the thorax.
See also
Pump handle movement
References
Thorax (human anatomy)
Respiration
William Thynne (died 10 August 1546) was an English courtier and editor of Geoffrey Chaucer's works.
Life
Thynne's family bore the alternative surname of Botfield or Boteville, and they are sometimes called "Thynne alias Boteville". In 1524 they were second clerk of the kitchen in the household of Henry VIII, and by 1526 they had become chief clerk of the kitchen, with full control of royal banquets. The office was connected with the board of green cloth, and its holder enjoyed an official lodging at Greenwich.
The king showed Thynne favour, in grants. On 20 August 1528 they became bailiff of the town and keeper of the park of Bewdley. On 21 July 1529 they were appointed customer of wools, hides, and fleeces in the port of London, and on 8 October 1529 receiver-general of the earldom of March and keeper of Gateley Park, Wigmoresland. In 1531 Thynne obtained from the prior and convent of Christchurch, near Aldgate in London, a lease of the rectorial tithe of Erith in Kent, and in a house there they passed much of their life.
In 1533, Thynne became one of the cofferers of Queen Anne Boleyn, and on 27 March 1533 the king made them a gift of oak-trees. In a document dated 16 April 1536 Thynne was described as clerk comptroller of the royal household, and a reference was made to them in 1542 as "clerk of the Green Cloth". They died on 10 August 1546, and was buried in the church of All Hallows Barking, with a brass to their memory.
Works
Thynne studied the works of Chaucer, collecting manuscripts of the poems. They published at the press of Thomas Godfray the first major collected edition in a two-columned folio, dedicated in Thynne's name to Henry VIII (according to John Leland, the preface was by Sir Bryan Tuke, a colleague of Thynne at the board of green cloth). The title was The workes of Geffray Chaucer newly printed, with dyvers workes which were never in print before. They included spurious works, but they printed an improved text of the Canterbury Tales, and they included some works for the first time. A second edition of Thynne's collective edition of Chaucer's works was printed by W. Bonham in 1542, and to it Thynne added the spurious work The Plowman's Tale (anti-Catholic and probably a contemporary text). It was excluded from Thynne's edition of 1532, but had been printed separately by Godfray before 1535.
A poem The Pilgrim's Tale in a volume of miscellaneous verse The Courte of Venus published between 1536 and 1540, and which was assigned by John Bale to Chaucer, may have no connection to Thynne.
In 1561 John Stow brought out a revised version of Thynne's edition of Chaucer. Thomas Speght originated another edition (1598).
Will and family
Thynne's will, dated 16 November 1540, was proved on 7 September 1546. Their wife Anne, daughter of William Bond, clerk of the green cloth, was sole executor and chief legatee. The overseers were Sir Edmund Peckham, cofferer of the king's household, and the testator's nephew, Sir John Thynne. Anne then married Sir Edward Broughton, and Hugh Cartwright. They died intestate before 1572. Their son Francis Thynne was a herald. They criticised Speght's work, and defended their father (letter first printed in Henry John Todd's Illustrations of Chaucer of 1810.
Notes
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1546 deaths
English book editors
William
Vishnu Vaman Bapat () (1871–??) was an Indian philosopher, famous for their commentary in Marathi on ancient Sanskrit texts.
Their works include
Commentary on Adi Shankara's Brahmasutra
Bauddhadharanisar
Sankhayttwakoomudisar
References
External links
Sankhayttwakoomudisar (1909), Online text at archive.org
1871 births
Marathi-language writers
Year of death unknown
19th-century Indian philosophers
Paul Da Vinci (born Paul Leonard Prewer, 1951) is a British singer and musician.  They are best known as the lead singer on the 1974 hit recording by the Rubettes, "Sugar Baby Love", although they did not perform with the group at the time. They worked as a demo and session singer before and after their own successful solo career, which included the UK hit "Your Baby Ain't Your Baby Anymore", which peaked at number 20 in the UK Official Charts, week ending 17 August 1974 and number 54 in Australia. In the 80s, Paul sang most of the voices backing and lead on the Tight Fit hit "Back to the Sixties, Part 2", and performed on Top of the Pops with the group.
Biography
They were born in Grays, Thurrock, Essex, and in 1969 recorded two singles on the Big T label as singer with the group 1984. After the group broke up in about 1970, they started working as a session singer in London, making demo records for songwriters Tony Macaulay and others. They also sang on many advertising jingles, and on recordings by musicians including Gary Moore, Ringo Starr, Barry Blue and David Essex; and appeared on Top of the Pops with both Elton John and Justin Hayward.
In late 1973, they sang on a demo recording of "Sugar Baby Love", written and produced by Wayne Bickerton and Tony Waddington and initially offered to Showaddywaddy, who turned the song down. Bickerton and Waddington then offered it to the demo musicians, provided that they became an actual group, the Rubettes. Although the other musicians agreed, Da Vinci turned down the opportunity to perform with the group as, by the time of its release in 1974, they had signed a solo contract with Penny Farthing Records. "Sugar Baby Love" – featuring Da Vinci's striking falsetto (he also sang all of the low vocal plus the two part harmony on the record) but with Alan Williams, who sang backing vocals on the record, appearing as the lead singer (some say miming, though this is disputed) on Top of the Pops – became a UK no.1 hit in 1974, also reaching number 37 on the US pop chart. Da Vinci also sang the lead vocal on the B-side of the record "You Could Have Told Me". They issued their first solo single. The song, "Your Baby Ain't Your Baby Anymore", was co-written and co-produced by Da Vinci with Edward Seago, reached number 19 on the UK singles chart, and was a hit in several other European countries, Number 1 in Holland. However, its follow-up, "If You Get Hurt", was less successful. They moved to Epic Records in 1977 and released two singles, but again without chart success.
They continued as a session singer and songwriter. In 1978 they co-wrote "Anyway You Do It" for the group Liquid Gold, and in 1981 they sang lead on the Tight Fit hit, "Back to the Sixties Part 2". In 1983 they appeared in the West End musical Dear Anyone, written by Don Black and Geoff Stephens. Between 1990 and 1994 they sang in Trevor Payne's touring show That'll Be The Day. They also sang on Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of Spartacus in 1992, appeared as the narrator of the West End production of The Who's Tommy in 1997, and, with their band, opened for Fats Domino in performances at the Royal Albert Hall. Between 2000 and 2006, they performed with the Rubettes featuring Bill Hurd, touring the UK and Europe. Also, during the period of 2000 and 2008, they frequently appeared as a starring act in the Theatres on P&O Cruises, QE2, Princess Cruises and Royal Caribbean.
In the 1990s, they wrote several pieces for cello and piano, including a three movement tone poem "Visions of Aaron" which was performed at the Purcell Room in London, and also a concerto, Hope, performed and recorded by the Innovation Chamber Ensemble and later performed at the Wigmore Hall. They have also written and produced music for performers including Angelle, and performed with their own group, Da Vinci & The Justice Department, who released an album in 2009.
Da Vinci's show The Paul da Vinci Explosion started touring in 2016, and are appearing in April 2018 on a joint bill with Gary Puckett and The Union Gap at the Benidorm Palace.
They live in Somerset.
References
1951 births
Living people
English pop singers
English male singers
Singers with a three-octave vocal range
Gustavo Henrique Silva (born 28 April 1979) is a Brazilian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Recife
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Nepean Point is a hill with scenic lookout in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, overlooking the Ottawa River, Parliament, the Canadian Museum of History, and other features of downtown Ottawa and Gatineau. It is located between the National Gallery of Canada and Alexandra Bridge.
At the peak of the hill is a statue of French explorer Samuel de Champlain holding their famous astrolabe upside-down. It was made by sculptor Hamilton MacCarthy in 1915.
Previously, the statue also featured a kneeling First Nations (Anishinabe) scout, added in 1918 to "signify how the native people helped Champlain navigate through the waters of the Ottawa River", but this has been relocated to nearby Major's Hill Park.
The small amphitheatre on the point is known as "Astrolabe Theatre", presumably a reference to Champlain.
References
External links
Parks in Ottawa
Landforms of Ottawa
Joyful Joyful are a Canadian musical duo, consisting of singer Cormac Culkeen and instrumentalist Dave Grenon. Their self-titled debut album was released in April 2022, and was longlisted for the 2022 Polaris Music Prize.
The duo's style blends experimental drone music with folk-influenced devotional music, inspired by Culkeen's background as a religious person who was excommunicated from an evangelical church community after coming out as queer and non-binary. Culkeen and Grenon, who knew each other as volunteers at community radio station CFFF-FM in Peterborough, Ontario, came together for the first time as Joyful Joyful in 2016 for a live performance in which they performed the 12-minute track "Sebaldus" improvisationally.
References
Canadian experimental musical groups
Musical groups from Peterborough, Ontario
Musical groups established in 2016
LGBT-themed musical groups
Joe Brooks was a footballer from Stalybridge, England. They played in the Football League for Glossop and Sheffield United, and the Southern League for Watford and Stalybridge Celtic. Early in their career, Brooks also played for their hometown's previous club, Stalybridge Rovers prior to its dissolution.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Stalybridge
English footballers
Association football defenders
Southern Football League players
English Football League players
Stalybridge Rovers F.C. players
Glossop North End A.F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Stalybridge Celtic F.C. players
Sigrid Löffler (born 26 June 1942) is an Austrian cultural commentator, arts correspondent and literary critic.
Life
Sigrid Löffler was born in Aussig (as it was known till 1945) in Czechoslovakia, at the height of the Second World War. As they later spelled out to an interviewer, they were presumably conceived while their father was on leave from the frontline. Them mother's family came from the northern border region of Bohemia that had more recently become known as the Sudetenland. During the ethnic cleansing of 1945 their mother took them to rejoin their father in Vienna where they were rebuilding their peace-time career as a teacher. It was in Vienna - under military occupation till 1955 - that they grew up, acutely aware of their "outsider status" as a Protestant in a conservative city determined, during the 1950s, to recreate its catholic (pre-Nazi) past. At the university they worked on English studies, German studies, philosophy and pedagogy, receiving a master's degree. Them doctorate followed in 1966.
Them father's wish was that they should follow them into the teaching profession, which briefly they did, teaching German as a foreign language in England during 1966/67. After this experience Löffler decided to pursue a career in journalism, working between 1968 and 1972 as a foreign political editor with Die Presse, a liberal centrist daily newspaper based in Vienna.
Between 1972 and 1993 they were on the editorial team of the Vienna-based news magazine, Profil, ending up as head of arts and culture and deputy editor-in-chief. They were also working as arts correspondent for several major newspapers (Süddeutsche Zeitung, Die Zeit, Die Woche}, magazines and broadcasters. Between 1996 and 1999 Löffler was in charge of the Feuilleton section of Die Zeit.
In 1988 Sigrid Löffler became a regular participant in "Das Literarische Quartett" ("The Literary Quartet"), a weekly television programme produced by West Germany's ZDF in collaboration (at that time) with Austria's ORF. The programme presented book reviews provided (and argued over) by its permanent panel of four literary critics. Löffler left the panel in June 2000, complaining because a fellow panelist, the literary critic Marcel Reich-Ranicki had put forward Haruki Murakami's erotic novel South of the Border, West of the Sun for discussion. Describing the book as "literary fast food", Löffler made it clear that they found it inappropriately trivial for inclusion in a series devoted to serious literature. Them fellow panelist, Reich-Ranicki, retorted that they had a problem with erotic literature in general. Although differences over the Murakami provided a catalyst for Löffler's widely publicised departure from the programme, it does appear that tensions between Löffler and Reich-Ranicki were more broadly based and longstanding, having indeed nourished the programme's dynamic over the years. Them empty seat was taken by Iris Radisch until the series was dropped at the end of 2001. (It has subsequently been reformatted and revived by ZDF) After stepping down from "Literary Quartet", in August 2000 Löffler became the producer for the literary journal "Literaturen", stepping down a little over eight years later following differences over whether or not to take the publication down-market. Löffler opposed moving "Literaturen" down-market.
Literary prize juries and more controversy
Sigrid Löffler drew strong criticism as a jury member for the Alfred Toepfer Foundation when together with fellow jury member Gertrud Fussenegger they voted to award the 1991 Franz Grillparzer Literary Prize to the politically controversial novelist Peter Handke. They have also been a member of the jury for the Leipzig Book Fair and for the Heinrich Heine Prize. In 2006 they announced their resignation from the Heinrich Heine Prize jury in connection with plans to award this prize to (the still controversial) Peter Handke. In doing so they expressed their exasperation over fellow jurors who they believed had introduced "unsubstantiated and damaging assertions into play". (In the end, because of disputes stirred up by Handke's political views, the Heinrich Heine Prize was not awarded in 2006.) In 2007, when Martin Mosebach won the Georg Büchner Prize, Löffler went public with their view that Mosebach's reactionary views made them quite unsuitable to receive the highest literary award in the German-speaking world.
Awards and prizes (selection)
1974: Dr. Karl Renner Journalism Prize
1991: Bavarian Television Prize
1992: Austrian National Prize for Arts Journalism
2001: City of Vienna Journalism Prize
2010: Honorary Doctorate from the Universität Bielefeld, Faculty of Literature
References
Journalists from Vienna
Writers from Ústí nad Labem
Austrian literary critics
Women literary critics
Opinion journalists
Süddeutsche Zeitung people
Die Zeit people
University of Vienna alumni
Bielefeld University faculty
1942 births
Living people
ZDF people
Pucaorjo (possibly from Quechua puka red, urqu mountain, "red mountain") is a mountain in the Urubamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region, Calca Province, Lares District. Pucaorjo is situated northeast of Sirihuani, northwest of Sahuasiray and east of Parorjo, at the Lares trek. One of the nearest populated places is Quishuarani.
See also
Queuñacocha
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
Unelectric is an unplugged album by Joy Electric. It mainly features acoustic versions of Joy Electric songs from previous albums, with the exception of "These Should Be The Good Times" and "Losing Touch With Everyone" which were new songs recorded only for Unelectric.
Track listing
"Monosynth" – 4:37
"True Harmony" – 2:34
"Disco for a Ride" – 4:43
"These Should Be the Good Times" – 3:59
"The Girl From Rosewood Lane" – 2:59
"The North Sea" – 4:28
"Sugar Rush" – 3:13
"The Cobbler" – 4:22
"Candy Cane Carriage" – 3:55
"Losing Touch with Everyone" – 2:09
References
Joy Electric albums
2000 albums
Tooth & Nail Records albums
Druschel is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alfred Druschel (1917–1945), German combat pilot
Desi Druschel, American baseball coach
Peter Druschel (born 1959), German computer scientist
Rick Druschel (born 1952), American football player
German-language surnames
Nitsa Tsaganea (; 17 February 1902 – 30 April 2002) was a Greek actor of theatre and film.
Biography
Eleni Laskari was the second wife of actor Christos Tsaganeas. Them most famous movies were Enas iroas me pantoufles and Oi Germanoi xanarhonte.
Tsaganea died on 30 April 2002 and was buried at the Athens First Cemetery, next to their daughter, actor Liana Vitsori.
Filmography
References
External links
1902 births
2002 deaths
Actresses from Athens
Greek film actores
National Liberation Front (Greece) members
Greek centenarians
Women centenarians
"In a Broken Dream" is a song and single by Australian rock band Python Lee Jackson featuring vocals from Rod Stewart.
Released in 1972 it entered the UK chart in September, reaching number 3 in October. Stewart's vocals are not credited on the record label, although the popularity of the song can be attributed to their vocals and star profile.
Song history
The song was written in the 1960s by the group's keyboard player and singer, Dave Bentley. Believing their vocals were not correct for the song, Bentley brought in Rod Stewart. Before being successful with Faces or in their solo career, Stewart was recruited as a session musician for the song and paid by being bought a new set of seat covers for their car. Issued in October 1970, it did not make the charts. Re-released in 1972 following the rise to stardom by Stewart, the song reached number 56 in the US charts before greater success in the UK later that year. It reached No. 74 in Canada.
The song appeared on the soundtrack for the 1996 film Breaking the Waves.
Stewart re-recorded the song in 1992 with David Gilmour and John Paul Jones but did not release it. The recording was eventually released in 2009 as part of The Rod Stewart Sessions 1971-1998 box set.
English band Thunder included a cover of the song on its 2010 remastered bonus disc of their 1995 album Behind Closed Doors.
The Python Lee Jackson version was later sampled in A$AP Rocky's 2015 single "Everyday", which credited Stewart as a feature and also guest starred Miguel and Mark Ronson. This original version was also included on the deluxe version of Stewart's 2015 studio album Another Country.
References
1970 songs
1972 songs
Rod Stewart songs
This article lists all the confirmed national football squads for the 1989 European Competition for Women's Football.
Players marked (c) were named as captain for their national squad.
Head coach: Gero Bisanz
Head coach: Sergio Guenza
Head coach: Erling Hokstad
Head coach: Gunilla Paijkull
Source: Swedish Football Association
References
External links
1989 - Match Details at RSSSF.com
UEFA Women's Championship squads
Squads
The National Weather Service Caribou, Maine is a local office of the National Weather Service responsible for monitoring weather conditions in northern Maine. It is co-located with an upper air sounding facility but the NEXRAD radar KCBW is near Houlton, Maine, further south.
Mission
The National Weather Service in Caribou provides weather, hydrologic, and climate forecasts and warnings for northeastern Maine, and adjacent waters for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy.
NOAA Weather Radio
National Weather Service Caribou, Maine forecast office provides programming for eight NOAA Weather Radio stations in Maine.
References
External links
NWS Caribou's website
Caribou, Maine
Aroostook County, Maine
Crisis Beat is a 1998 video game for the Sony PlayStation, developed by Japanese studio Soft Machine and published by Bandai. It is a beat-em-up style game. The story is set on a cruise liner where terrorists hijack the ship and the player must pick a pair of characters to fight back.
Gameplay
It is a beat-em-up style game in full 3D. The player can choose between two pairs of characters to play as. Stages consist of the player fighting various waves of enemies primarily in hand-to-hand combat and moving to the next stage once every enemy has been defeated.
Release
The game was released for July 18, 1998 for the Sony PlayStation.
Reception
It was released on Jun 18, 1998 for the Sony PlayStation in Japan, and in 2000 in Europe. It was re-released in 2013 on PlayStation Network.
References
External links
Official website (in Japanese)
1998 video games
Beat 'em ups
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation Network games
Video games developed in Japan
Chuang Chia-jung and Liang Chen were the defending champions, but chose not to participate together. Chuang played alongside Darija Jurak, but lost in the semifinals to María Irigoyen and Liang.
Anabel Medina Garrigues and Arantxa Parra Santonja won the title, defeating Irigoyen and Liang in the final, 6–2, 6–0.
Seeds
Draw
References
Main Draw
Internationaux de Strasbourgandnbsp;- Doubles
2016 Doubles
Internationaux de Strasbourg
Cold autoimmune hemolytic anemia caused by cold-reacting antibodies. Autoantibodies that bind to the erythrocyte membrane leading to premature erythrocyte destruction (hemolysis) characterize autoimmune hemolytic anemia.
Presentation
A common complaint among patients with cold agglutinin disease is painful fingers and toes with purplish discoloration associated with cold exposure. In chronic cold agglutinin disease, the patient is more symptomatic during the colder months.
Cold agglutinin mediated acrocyanosis differs from Raynaud phenomenon. In Raynaud phenomena, caused by vasospasm, a triphasic color change occurs, from white to blue to red, based on vasculature response. No evidence of such a response exists in cold agglutinin disease.
Other symptoms
Respiratory symptoms: May be present in patients with M pneumoniae infection.
Hemoglobinuria (the passage of dark urine that contains hemoglobin), A rare symptom that results from hemolysis, this may be reported following prolonged exposure to cold, hemoglobinuria is more commonly seen in paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria.
Chronic fatigue, Due to anemia.
Causes
Cold agglutinins develop in more than 60% of patients with infectious mononucleosis, but hemolytic anemia is rare.
Classic chronic cold agglutinin disease is idiopathic, associated with symptoms and signs in relation to cold exposure.
Causes of the monoclonal secondary disease include the following:
B-cell neoplasms - Waldenström macroglobulinemia, lymphoma, chronic lymphoid leukemia, myeloma
Non hematologic neoplasms
Causes of polyclonal secondary cold agglutinin disease include the following:
Mycoplasma infections.
Viral infections: Infectious mononucleosis due to Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) or CMV, Mumps, varicella, rubella, adenovirus, HIV, influenza, hepatitis C.
Bacterial infections: Legionnaire disease, syphilis, listeriosis and Escherichia coli.
Parasitic infections: Malaria and trypanosomiasis.
Trisomy and translocation: Cytogenetic studies in patients with cold agglutinin disease have revealed the presence of trisomy 3 and trisomy 12. Translocation (8;22) has also been reported in association with cold agglutinin disease.
Transplantation: Cold agglutinin–mediated hemolytic anemia has been described in patients after living-donor liver transplantation treated with tacrolimus and after bone marrow transplantation with cyclosporine treatments. It is postulated that such calcineurin inhibitors, which selectively affect T-cell function and spare B-lymphocytes, may interfere with the deletion of autoreactive T-cell clones, resulting in autoimmune disease.
Systemic sclerosis: Cold agglutinin disease has been described in patients with sclerodermic features, with the degree of anemia being associated with increasing disease activity of the patient's systemic sclerosis. This may suggest a close association between systemic rheumatic disease and autoimmune hematologic abnormalities.
Hyperreactive malarial splenomegaly: Hyperreactive malarial splenomegaly (HMS) is an immunopathologic complication of recurrent malarial infection. Patients with HMS develop splenomegaly, acquired clinical immunity to malaria, high serum concentrations of anti-Plasmodium antibodies, and high titers of IgM, with a complement-fixing IgM that acts as a cold agglutinin.
DPT vaccination: Diphtheria-pertussis-tetanus (DPT) vaccination has been implicated in the development of autoimmune hemolytic anemia caused by IgM autoantibody with a high thermal range. A total of 6 cases have been reported; 2 followed the initial vaccination and 4 followed the second or third vaccinations.
Other: Equestrian perniosis is a rare cause of persistent elevated titers of cold agglutinins. Also rarely, the first manifestations of cold agglutinin disease can develop when a patient is subjected to hypothermia for cardiopulmonary bypass surgery.
Pathophysiology
Cold agglutinins, or cold autoantibodies, occur naturally in nearly all individuals. These natural cold autoantibodies occur at low titers, less than 1:64 measured at 4 °C, and have no activity at higher temperatures. Pathologic cold agglutinins occur at titers over 1:1000 and react at 28-31 °C and sometimes at 37 °C.
Cold agglutinin disease usually results from the production of a specific IgM antibody directed against the I/i antigens (precursors of the ABH and Lewis blood group substances) on red blood cells (RBCs). Cold agglutinins commonly have variable heavy-chain regions encoded by VH, with a distinct idiotype identified by the 9G4 rat murine monoclonal antibody.
Diagnosis
Classification
AIHA can be classified as warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia or cold autoimmune hemolytic anemia, which includes cold agglutinin disease and paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria. These classifications are based on the characteristics of the autoantibodies involved in the pathogenesis of the disease. Each has a different underlying cause, management, and prognosis, making classification important when treating a patient with AIHA.
Autoimmune hemolytic anemia
Warm-antibody type
Primary
Secondary (lymphoproliferative disorders, autoimmune disorders)
Cold-antibody type (anemia)
Primary cold agglutinin disease
Secondary cold agglutinin syndrome
Associated with malignant disease
Acute, transient, infection-associated (acute cold antibody mediated AIHA complicating Mycoplasma pneumoniae or viral infections )
Chronic (lymphoproliferative disorders)
Paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria
Idiopathic
Secondary
Acute, transient (Infections other than syphilis)
Chronic (syphilis)
Mixed cold- and warm-antibody type
Idiopathic
Secondary (lymphoproliferative disorders, autoimmune disorders)
Drug-induced immune hemolytic anemia
Autoimmune type
Drug absorption type
Neoantigen type
Treatment
Cold agglutinin disease may be managed successfully using protective measures (clothing) alone in most cases. Special protective clothing is sometimes necessary in extreme cases. Therapy is directed at serious symptoms and the underlying disorder, if any is found.
Keep in mind that the idiopathic variety of cold agglutinin disease is generally a benign disorder with prolonged survival and spontaneous exacerbations and remissions in the course of the disease. Acute post infectious syndromes usually resolve spontaneously.
Anemia is generally mild. Only patients who have serious symptoms related to anemia or have a Raynaud type syndrome that constitutes a threat to life or quality of life require active therapy. The presence of an associated malignancy requires specific therapy.
Cold agglutinin disease is so uncommon in children that no specific recommendations for therapy are available. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) was used successfully in an infant with IgA-associated autoimmune hemolytic anemia.
Splenectomy
Splenectomy is usually ineffective for the treatment of cold agglutinin disease because the liver is the predominant site of sequestration. However, if the patient has splenomegaly, then the disease may respond to splenectomy. More importantly, a lymphoma localized to the spleen may only be found after splenectomy.
Diet and activity
Patients with cold agglutinin disease should include good sources of folic acid, such as fresh fruits and vegetables, in their diet. Activities for these individuals should be less strenuous than those for healthy people, particularly for patients with anemia. Jogging in the cold could be very hazardous because of the added windchill factor.
Consultations
A hematologist-oncologist working in collaboration with a blood banker is helpful in complicated cases of cold agglutinin disease.
Careful planning and coordination with multiple personnel are needed if patients are to undergo a procedure during which their body temperature could fall.
References
Acquired hemolytic anemia
Autoimmune diseases
Transfusion medicine
Cristiano Farinelli (17th century) was an Italian composer and violinist. Cristiano Farinelli was a friend of the composer Arcangelo Corelli and is said by some musicologists to have been the uncle and perhaps patron of the famous castrato Carlo Broschi whose stage name was Farinelli.
Life
Date and place of their birth and death are unknown. After living for some time in France, we find them from 1680 to 1685 at Hanover, side by side with Handel, as leader of the band. According to Chrysander, they were in the Elector's service in 1714, and, on the latter's accession to the English throne, composed a cantata on the words, "Lord, remember me when thou comest in Thy kingdom". They appear to have enjoyed a great reputation as a performer, and considerable popularity as a composer of instrumental music in a light and pleasing style. They excelled especially in the performance of Lulli's airs and their own so-called Follia, which was known in England during the 18th century as "Farinell's ground". Farinelli was ennobled by the King of Denmark, and, according to Hawkins, was appointed by George I their resident at Venice.
References
Notes
Citations
Attribution
Further reading
17th-century Italian musicians
17th-century Italian composers
Italian classical violinists
Virginia's 36th House of Delegates district elects one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. District 36 represents part of Fairfax County, including all of Reston and parts of Herndon and Vienna. It is strongly Democratic compared to Virginia as a whole. 1 in 6 residents is Asian; the statewide average is 1 in 16. The district lines were redrawn in 2011 and 2019. The seat is currently held by Kenneth R. Plum.
District officeholders
References
Virginia House of Delegates districts
Government in Fairfax County, Virginia
Thermokarst is a type of terrain characterised by very irregular surfaces of marshy hollows and small hummocks formed as ice-rich permafrost thaws. The land surface type occurs in Arctic areas, and on a smaller scale in mountainous areas such as the Himalayas and the Swiss Alps.
These pitted surfaces resemble clusters of small lakes formed by dissolution of limestone in some karst areas, which is how they came to have "karst" attached to their name, even though no limestone is actually present. Small domes that form on the surface due to frost heaving with the onset of winter are only temporary features. They collapse during the following summer thaw, leaving a small surface depression. Some ice lenses grow and form larger surface hummocks ("pingos") which can last for many years, and sometimes become covered with grasses and sedges, until they begin to thaw. These domed surfaces eventually collapse – either annually or after longer periods – and form depressions which become part of the uneven terrains included under the general category of thermokarst.
The formation of permafrost thaw lakes due to warming climate is a positive feedback loop, as methane, nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide are released as permafrost thaws, contributing to further climate warming.
The Batagaika crater in Siberia is an example of a large thermokarst depression.
Thermokarst lakes
A thermokarst lake, also called a thaw lake, tundra lake, thaw depression, or tundra pond, refers to a body of freshwater, usually shallow, that is formed in a depression formed by thawing ice-rich permafrost. A key indicator of thermokarst lakes is the occurrence of excess ground ice as well as having an ice content with greater than 30% by volume. Thermokarst lakes tend to form and disappear in a cyclical manner, resulting in a predictable life cycle (see "life cycle" below). Continued thawing of the permafrost substrate can lead to the drainage and eventual disappearance of thermokarst lakes, leaving them, in such cases, a geomorphologically temporary phenomenon, formed in response to a warming climate.
These lakes are typically found in arctic and subarctic lowlands, including the western Canadian Arctic (e.g. Banks Island, Victoria island), the Alaskan coastal plain, interior Yukon Territory and the alluvial lowlands of northern Eurasia and Siberia. The presence of thaw lakes in a region results in a thermal disturbance as the water warms the ground.
The depth of permafrost below a lake will generally be shallower and if the lake is of sufficient depth, a talik is present. The general morphology (shape, depth, circumference) is variable, with some thaw lakes oriented, meaning they are generally elongated in a specific direction. Though their formation mechanism has not been definitively proven, it is believed to be related to the prevailing winds or storms. The disturbance (of either kind) leads to overall warming and melting of ground ice, after which surface subsidence occurs allowing for water infiltration of either surface water or melted ground ice.
Lake life cycle
Initiation
The initiation of a thaw lake begins with the degradation of ice-rich permafrost. The natural inception of thermokarst lakes can be demarcated into two separate processes; whether in continuous or discontinuous permafrost. In continuous permafrost, water accumulates when ice veins and polygonal ground are present. Through discontinuous permafrost, it is when thaw occurs in palsas (frozen peat cores) or in lithalsas (mineral core mounds). Permafrost degradation is typically linked to a surface disturbance, either natural or artificial, in combination with site-specific factors, such as permafrost ice-content, ground temperature, etc.
Development/expansion
Development of thaw lakes tends to be slow at first, but once the average lake bottom temperature exceeds 0 °C the lake ceases freezing to the bottom and thaw becomes continuous. The lake grows as ice thaws, which may result in the slumping of shorelines or submergence of vegetation, which is why thaw lakes in the boreal forest tend to be surrounded by “drunken trees”. It should be specified that “drunken trees” (also known as drunken forests) occur within Yedoma regimes. This feature is not present throughout all thermokarst regions. Upon expansion in this stage, thermokarst lakes often take on an elongated shape with ordered alignment in the long axis.
If lakes form in an area of ice-rich permafrost, coalescence of several smaller lakes may occur, producing a larger body of water, magnifying the thermal disturbance. Development may be further facilitated by lateral bank erosion. Additionally, thermal abrasion of thermokarst lake edges can expand the lake size, as well as lake bottom subsidence.
Oriented morphology of lakes can take on shapes such as “elliptical, egg-shaped, triangular, rectangular, clam-shaped, or D-shaped”, and commonly occur in terrain with sandy sediments.
Polemic scholastic discussions pertaining to development of lakes' shapes are commonplace throughout the literature on orientation and morphology of thermokarst lakes. However, there are clearly a multitude of reasons beyond wind movement only, that contribute to the shape of lakes. Grosse et al. (2013) summarize endogenous and exogenous elements that are key factors in orientation including:
Redistribution of littoral shelves by wind creating insulation,
arrangement of polygonal ice-wedges producing thawing, and
erosion from fluvial channels causing inhomogeneous sediments.
Drainage
Before complete drainage, lake edges recede through retrogressive thaw slumps (RTS) and subaerial debris flows. Actual drainage may be triggered by fluvial erosion or expansion of adjacent basins at inland locations. In coastal areas, drainage may be due to coastal retreat leading to thermal abrasion or erosion due to wave action. More gradual drainage (partial or complete) may be caused by local permafrost degradation and erosion. Lakes stop growing once drainage initiated, and eventually depressions are filled by sediments, aquatic plants or peat. Another option for the fate of a drained thaw lake is that the active layer surrounding the lake deepens to below water level once ground ice is exhausted, allowing for a residual lake to remain.
Gallery
See more photos at Wikimedia Commons - Thermokarst.
See also
Retrogressive thaw slumps
References
External links
Periglacial landforms
Patterned grounds
Permafrost
Business Plus was a 24-hour business news channel with hourly updates from the Karachi Stock Exchange. It is owned by the Karachi Stock Exchange Listed Media Times PLC (Formerly Total Media Solutions Company). Media Times PLC was owned by former Governor of Punjab and Pakistan Peoples Party stalwart Salmaan Taseer.
References
See also
List of Pakistani television stations
2018 disestablishments in Pakistan
24-hour television news channels in Pakistan
Business-related television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2004
Television stations in Karachi
Television stations in Pakistan
Business-related television channels in Pakistan
English-language television stations in Pakistan
Kullamaa () was a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne County. It had a population of 1398 (2006) and an area of 224.6 km².
Populated places
Kullamaa Parish had 14 villages:
Jõgisoo, Kalju, Kastja, Koluvere, Kullamaa, Kullametsa, Leila, Lemmikküla, Liivi, Mõrdu, Päri, Silla, Ubasalu, Üdruma.
References
Some of the content of this article comes from the Estonian Wikipedia article Kullamaa vald.
External links
Official website
Former municipalities of Estonia
An étude (; ) or study is an instrumental musical composition, usually short, designed to provide practice material for perfecting a particular musical skill. The tradition of writing études emerged in the early 19th century with the rapidly growing popularity of the piano. Of the vast number of études from that era some are still used as teaching material (particularly pieces by Carl Czerny and Muzio Clementi), and a few, by major composers such as Frédéric Chopin, Franz Liszt and Claude Debussy, achieved a place in today's concert repertory. Études written in the 20th century include those related to traditional ones (György Ligeti) and those that require wholly unorthodox technique (John Cage).
19th century
Studies, lessons, and other didactic instrumental pieces composed before the 19th century are extremely varied, without any established genres. Domenico Scarlatti's 30 Essercizi per gravicembalo ("30 Exercises for harpsichord", 1738) do not differ in scope from their other keyboard works, and J.S. Bach's four volumes of Clavier-Übung ("keyboard practice") contain everything from simple organ duets to the extensive and difficult Goldberg Variations.
The situation changed in the early 19th century. Instruction books with exercises became very common. Of particular importance were collections of "studies" by Johann Baptist Cramer (published between 1804 and 1810), early parts of Muzio Clementi's Gradus ad Parnassum (1817–26), numerous works by Carl Czerny, Maria Szymanowska's Vingt exercises et préludes (c. 1820), and Ignaz Moscheles' Studien Op. 70 (1825–26). However, with the late parts of Clementi's collection and Moscheles' Charakteristische Studien Op. 95 (1836–37) the situation began to change, with both composers striving to create music that would both please the audiences in concert and serve as a good teaching tool. Such a combination of didactic and musical value in a study is sometimes referred to as a concert study.
The technique required to play Chopin's Études, Op. 10 (1833) and Op. 25 (1837) was extremely novel at the time of their publication; the first performer who succeeded at mastering the pieces was the renowned virtuoso composer Franz Liszt (to whom Chopin dedicated the Op. 10). Liszt themselves composed a number of études that were more extensive and even more complex than Chopin's. Among these, the most well-known is the collection Études d'Execution Transcendante (final version published in 1852). These did not retain the didactic aspect of Chopin's work, however, since the difficulty and the technique used varies within a given piece. Each of the études has a different character, designated by its name: Preludio; Molto Vivace; Paysage [Landscape]; Mazeppa; Feux Follets [Irrlichter/ Will-o'-the-wisp]; Vision; Eroica; Wilde Jagd [Wild Hunt]; Ricordanza; Allegro Molto Agitato; Harmonies du Soir [Evening Harmonies]; and Chasse-neige [Snow-whirls].
The 19th century also saw a number of étude and study collections for instruments other than the piano. Guitarist composer Fernando Sor published their 12 Studies, op. 6 for guitar in London as early as 1815. These works all conform to the standard definition of 19th-century étude in that they are short compositions, each exploiting a single facet of technique. Collections of studies for flute were published during the second half of the 19th century by Ernesto Köhler, Wilhelm Popp and Adolf Terschak.
20th century
The early 20th century saw the publication of a number of important collections of études. Claude Debussy's Études for piano (1915) conform to the "one facet of technique per piece" rule, but exhibit unorthodox structures with many sharp contrasts, and many concentrate on sonorities and timbres peculiar to the piano, rather than technical points. Leopold Godowsky's 53 Studies on the Chopin Études (1894–1914) are built on Chopin's études: Godowsky's additions and changes elevated Chopin's music to new, hitherto unknown levels of difficulty. Other important études of this period include Heitor Villa-Lobos' virtuoso 12 Études for guitar (1929) and pieces by Russian composers: Sergei Rachmaninoff's Études-Tableaux (1911, 1917) and several collections by Alexander Scriabin (all for piano).
By mid-century the old étude tradition was largely abandoned. Olivier Messiaen's Quatre études de rythme ("Four studies in rhythm", 1949–50) were not didactic compositions, but experiments with scales of durations, as well as with dynamics, figurations, coloration, and pitches. John Cage's études—Études Australes (1974–75) for piano, Études Boreales (1978) for cello and/or piano and Freeman Études (1977–80, 1989–90) for violin—are indeterminate pieces based on star charts, and some of the most difficult works in the repertory. The three books of Études by György Ligeti (1985, 1988–94, 1995) are perhaps closest to the old tradition in that they too concentrate each on a particular technique. Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji's 100 Transcendental Studies (1940–44), which take Godowsky and Liszt as their starting point, frequently focus on particular technical elements, as well as various rhythmical difficulties. William Bolcom was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for their Twelve New Etudes for Piano in 1988.
See also
List of étude composers
Music written in all 24 major and minor keys
Invention (musical composition)
References
Further reading
Music education
Classical music styles
Études
Motu Kō is one of three islands in the Pukapuka atoll of the Cook Islands. It forms the southern apex of Pukapuka's triangular atoll, 10km south of Wale, and is the largest of the three islands. The island is low-lying, with a maximum elevation of 5m above sea level and most of it only one or two metres. It is uninhabited and used as a food source, regulated by the village of Ngake.
Pukapuka Island Airfield is located on Motu Kō.
References
Pukapuka
The 2010 Copa de España de Fútbol Sala is the 21st staging of the Copa de España de Fútbol Sala. It was held in the Pabellón Multiusos Fontes Do Sar, in Santiago de Compostela, Spain, between 11 February and 14 February 2010.
Qualified teams
Final tournament
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
See also
2009–10 División de Honor de Futsal
References
External links
LNFS website
Copa de España de Futsal seasons
Espana
Futsal
Infanta Philippa of Coimbra (1437–1497) was the youngest child of Infante Peter, Duke of Coimbra, and Isabella of Aragon, Countess of Urgell.
They became a nun in the Convent of Odivelas where they died in 1497.
Ancestry
References
"Nobreza de Portugal e Brasil", Vol. I, page 271. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon, 1989
External links
Genealogical information on Philippa of Coimbra (in Portuguese)
1435 births
1497 deaths
15th-century Portuguese people
15th-century Portuguese women
15th-century Christian nuns
James Logie Robertson (18 September 1846 – June 1922) was a literary scholar, editor and author, who also wrote under the pen name Hugh Haliburton. Their poems, published regularly in The Scotsman newspaper, were affectionately known as "The Hughies".
Life
They were born in Milnathort, Kinross-shire on 18 September 1846 and educated at Orwell Parish School and the University of Edinburgh.
They began their teaching career as assistant master at George Heriot's School and then moved to George Watson's College. They joined the staff at Edinburgh Ladies' College in 1876 and stayed there until 1913. Their writings include English text-books, essays and poetry. Much of their poetry was written in Scots under the pen-name Hugh Haliburton. They died in Edinburgh, in June 1922.
 They are buried on the south side of Morningside Cemetery, Edinburgh, near the southern access gate.
Family
They were married to Janet ("Jessie") Simpson (1860-1932).
Works
Poems (1878)
Orellana and Other Poems (1881)
New songs of innocence (1889)
Our Holiday Among The Hills (1882) together with Janet Logie Robertson
Ochil Idylls and Other Poems, (1891) (as Hugh Haliburton)
Horace in Homespun (1900) (as Hugh Haliburton)
The Complete Poetical Works of James Thomson (1908) (editor)
Petition to the Deil: And Other War Verses (1917)
References
External links
Scottish Poetry Library biography with links to poem texts
English Poetry Full-Text Database - R
1846 births
1922 deaths
Scottish poets
Staff of George Watson's College
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
People from Perth and Kinross
Lucio Luiz de Oliveira Gonzaga (born August 7, 1980 in São Paulo), known as just Lúcio Gonzaga, is a Brazilian soccer player who currently plays for Utica City FC in the Major Arena Soccer League.
Career
South America
Gonzaga was part of the youth setups at local Brazilian teams São Caetano and Juventus, and spent their early professional career playing in the lower divisions in Brazil and Uruguay, playing for RC Montevideo, Araxá, Rio Branco Andradas and São Caetano.
North America
Gonzaga moved to the United States in 2007 when they signed with indoor soccer team Baltimore Blast. After helping the Blast to the MISL championship, they moved in 2008 to the XSL's New Jersey Ironmen. Lucio spent one season with the Ironmen, scoring 23 goals in 19 games. They were named the XSL Offensive Player of the Year. Gonzaga returned to Baltimore and the Blast in 2009.
Gonzaga gained their first taste of outdoor soccer in the United States in 2009 when they played with the Real Maryland Monarchs in the USL Second Division. On February 11, 2010 Crystal Palace Baltimore announced the signing of Gonzaga to a contract for the 2010 season. On September 14, 2010, Lucio signed a two-year contract with the Baltimore Blast.
Gonzaga signed with Florida Tropics SC on December 3, 2019.
Outdoor career statistics (in the United States)
(correct as of 15 August 2010)
References
External links
Baltimore Blast bio
1980 births
Living people
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian footballers
Real Maryland F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
New Jersey Ironmen (MISL) players
USSF Division 2 Professional League players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Uruguay
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Racing Club de Montevideo players
Baltimore Blast (2001–2008 MISL) players
Baltimore Blast (2008–2014 MISL) players
Major Indoor Soccer League (2001–2008) players
Clube Atlético Juventus players
Crystal Palace Baltimore players
Footballers from São Paulo
Major Indoor Soccer League (2008–2014) players
Association football midfielders
Utica City FC players
Major Arena Soccer League players
Ontario Fury players
Florida Tropics SC players
Berhanu Beyeh (born 1938) is a former Ethiopian army officer and politician. They were Foreign Minister during the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (1986–1989). Prior to that, they were chairperson of the Derg's committee for legal affairs.
Beyeh was a refugee resident of the Italian Embassy from May 1991 until December 2020, when they left the Embassy.
Biography
Berhanu was born in Gojjam and was of Amhara descent. In 1959 they entered Harar Military Academy as a cadet, and upon graduation was posted to the airborne division in Nazret. Two years later they attended Haile Selassie University, where they studied law. In 1967 they became a lecturer at Harar Military Academy. They joined the Armed Forces Coordination Committee in 1974.
As a captain, Berhanu joined the Derg as the representative of the Military Academy, where they became chairperson of the legal committee, and was promoted to Major in April 1976. In this new role, they toured a number of Arab countries in 1976 and stated they all supported the PMAC regime, although aid to Ethiopia from these counties ceased not long after. With Atnafu Abate, they managed to avoid the infamous Derg meeting of 3 February 1977, where a number of Derg leaders, including chairperson Lieutenant General Tafari Benti, were killed in an ambush orchestrated by Mengistu Haile Mariam; the Ottaways assume that they "had apparently sided with Mengistu." In late February 1977, they were appointed chairperson of the Foreign Affairs Committee. At the beginning of the Ogaden War, when the Soviet Union attempted to mediate peace between Ethiopia and Somalia, Birhanu secretly met with a Somali delegation in Moscow. They led also the Ethiopian delegation that facilitated the exchange of Ethiopian and Somali prisoners of war in 1988.
On 19 April 1983 Mengistu appointed them Minister of Labor and Social Affairs, and on 12 September 1984 they became a member of the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Ethiopia. On 26 October 1984, Berhanu was appointed chairperson of the Aid Coordination Department of the Natural Disaster Relief Committee. They held periodic talks with Eritrean rebels that failed to accomplish much. They were named foreign minister in November 1986. In a cabinet reshuffle in October 1988, Berhanu was appointed president of the state council after Amanuel Andemikael defected to the United States.
Berhanu obtained safe haven in the Italian embassy after the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front army entered Addis Ababa on May 28, 1991. Also fleeing there were Tesfaye Gebre Kidan, the last acting president of the Derg/PDRE regime, Hailu Yimenu, the last acting prime minister, and chief of the general staff Adis Tedla. Hailu committed suicide later in 1991.
On 2 June 2004, Tesfaye died after a brawl. Prior to the brawl, Tesfaye had constantly accused Bayeh of being an enemy sympathizer, because Bayeh's wife is of Eritrean descent. The death occurred after a physical brawl with Berhanu, when Tesfaye was accidentally hurt on their head from a glass cut and bled profusely. On 2 June 2004, they were taken to Menelik II Hospital where they were pronounced dead. Tesfaye's death came almost 13 years after they and Berhanu fled into the Embassy.
Although Berhamu and Adis' continued presence in the embassy was a considerable embarrassment, the Italian government refused to give them up for trial since Ethiopia still has the death penalty. They were sentenced to death in absentia in 2008, but President Sahle-Work Zewde commuted their sentences to life imprisonment on 19 December 2020. After Attorney General Gedion Timothewos requested that a federal court grant Berhanu and Adis leniency on account of old age, the court voted to grant them parole on 24 December.
References
1938 births
Living people
Workers' Party of Ethiopia politicians
Foreign ministers of Ethiopia
Government ministers of Ethiopia
Refugees
Addis Ababa University alumni
20th-century Ethiopian politicians
The 59th Ariel Awards ceremony, organized by the Mexican Academy of Film Arts and Sciences (AMACC) took place on July 11, 2017, at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City. During the ceremony, AMACC presented the Ariel Award in 27 categories honoring films released in 2016. The ceremony will be televised in Mexico by Canal 22.
La 4ª Compañía was the most awarded film with 10 awards including Best Picture. Tatiana Huezo became the first female director to receive the Best Director award, for the documentary feature Tempestad, which also received three awards. Almacenados received three accolades, for Best Actor, Supporting Actor, and Adapted Screenplay; while La Caridad earned two awards for Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress. Art designer Lucero Isaac and actor Isela Vega received the Golden Ariel for their outstanding artistic career.
Background
The Mexican Academy of Film Arts and Sciences (AMAAC) announced that films released in Mexico from January 1 through September 30 should register online for award consideration at the Ariel Awards' official website during the month of October 2016; films released from October 1 to December 31, could register at the same website from December 2016 to January 15, 2017. It was also revealed that the Academy reinstated for the 59th ceremony two former categories, Actor and Actress in a Minor Role, that will be awarded to a performer that "has a smaller participation than a lead protagonist or a co-star and is not the narrative focus but their performance is relevant to the plot. Their performance can be limited to a single sequence."
At the press conference held on May 3, 2017 to announce the 2017 Ariel Award nominees, AMAAC Secretary Everardo González informed that 131 films were submitted for consideration, including 11 animated short films, 10 documentary short subject films, 45 live action short films, 18 documentary features, 37 feature films, and 10 Iberoamerican feature films. They also announced that the award ceremony would be held at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City, and will be dedicated to cinematography in order to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the first Ariel Awards. This year the nominees were selected by 174 Academy members.
Actors Karina Gidi and Juan Carlos Colombo announced the nominees which included two documentary features nominated for Best Picture, Bellas de Noche, directed by María José Cuevas and Tempestad, by Tatiana Huezo, with both films also being nominated for Best Documentary Feature. La 4ª Compañía is the most nominated film, with 20 nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best First Feature Film, and seven acting nominations in the Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor and Actor in a Minor Role, categories. Art director Lucero Isaac and Mexican actor Isela Vega will receive the Golden Ariel to recognize their artistic career.
On June 22, 2017, the President of the AMACC, Dolores Heredia, announced that the award ceremony would go on despite a 77% cut to the academy's budget. "Let us make use of our imagination and creativity to have a dignified and solemn ceremony," Heredia declared. The ceremony will be produced by actor Daniel Giménez Cacho and televised by Canal 22, since the academy had several problems with Canal Once the previous year.
Awards
The following list includes nominees and winners which are first and highlighted with boldface.
Multiple nominations and awards
The following films received multiple nominations:
Films that received multiple awards:
References
Ariel Awards ceremonies
2017 film awards
Ariel
July 2017 events in Mexico
Badr Boulahroud (born 21 April 1993) is a Moroccan international footballer who plays for Saudi Arabian club Ohod as a midfielder.
Club career
Born in Rabat, Boulahroud began their career with hometown side FUS Rabat.
On 6 July 2018, Boulahroud signed a three-year deal with Spanish Segunda División side Málaga, for a reported fee of €600,000. They left Málaga in October 2020.
They returned to Morocco in February 2021 to sign for Raja.
On 25 July 2022, Boulahroud joined Saudi Arabian club Ohod.
International career
They made their senior international debut for Morocco in 2017.
International goals
Scores and results list Morocco's goal tally first.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Rabat
Moroccan footballers
Morocco international footballers
Fath Union Sport players
Málaga CF players
Raja CA players
Ohod Club players
Botola players
Segunda División players
Saudi First Division League players
Association football midfielders
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
2018 African Nations Championship players
Morocco A' international footballers
This is a list of castles in the Eastern Mediterranean and Middle East, founded or occupied during the Crusades. For crusader castles in Poland and the Baltic states, see Ordensburg.
Crusader states
Geographic location on today's map
Kingdom of Cyprus: Island of Cyprus (north and south)
County of Edessa: south-east Turkey
Principality of Antioch: north-west Syria, southern Turkey
County of Tripoli: northern Lebanon, north-west Syria
Kingdom of Jerusalem
Lordship of Sidon: central Lebanon
Principality of Galilee: northern Israel, southern Lebanon, southwest Syria
County of Jaffa and Ascalon: southern Israel, eastern Egypt
Lordship of Oultrejordain: south-west Jordan
Crusader castles by modern states
Cyprus
Buffavento Castle
Othello Castle
Kantara Castle
Kolossi Castle
Kyrenia Castle
Larnaca Castle
Limassol Castle
Paphos Castle
St. Hilarion Castle
Egypt
Ile de Graye
Greece
The Grandmasters Palace of the Knights Hospitaller of St. John on Rhodes
Platamon Castle
Kastellorizo Castle
Halki Castle
Kos Castle
Amfissa Castle
Leros island castle
Corfu castles
Israel
Acre (Akko) – fortified city
Aqua Bella, now Ein Hemed – Crusader fortified farm; national park
Arsuf, also known as Arsur or Apollonia – fortified city and citadel, stronghold of the Lordship of Arsuf; national park
Ashkelon – fortified city
Belinas – Banias; fortified town
Belmont – ruins of Crusader castle in Kibbutz Tzova
Belveer – Crusader castle of which no traces remain; national park
Belvoir Castle; Kochav HaYarden National Park
Bet Shean – castle ruins next to ancient town, stronghold of the Lordship of Bethsan. Second castle on the tell.
Beth Gibelin at Eleutheropolis – castle ruins next to ancient town, stronghold of the Lordship of Beth Gibelin; national park
Bethaatap, Arabic: Bayt 'Itab – fortified manor (maison forte)
Blanchegarde at Tell es-Safi – castle, seat of a lordship at biblical tell
Caco or Cacho Castle, Qaqun; rebuilt by Baybars; national park
Caesarea (Maritima), stronghold of the Lordship of Caesarea – fortified port city; national park
Cafarlet (Hebrew: HaBonim, Arabic: Kafr Lam) – ruins of Umayyad fort reused by the Crusaders
Calansue, Hospitaller castle
Casal Imbert – at Achziv (formerly Az-Zeeb until 1948) – Crusader "new town" with tower; nothing discernible at present
Casel des Plains – Azor; ruins of Crusader tower; inside town
Castellum Beleismum – tower on biblical Tel Dothan
Castellum Beroart – the Minat al-Qal'a Umayyad fort reused by the Crusaders; at Ashdod
Castellum Regis; castle, now inside village of Mi'ilya
Caymont at Tel Yokneam, seat of lordship
Chastel Hernaut or Arnoul, Latin: Castellum Arnaldi – castle at Yalu
Chastel Neuf or Castellum Novum outside Margaliot, castle, rebuilt in Ottoman time (Qal'at Hunin)
Chastelet, castle ruin by Jacob's Ford: see Battle of Jacob's Ford; also known as Vadum Iacob, le Chastelez, Ateret, Qasr al-'Atra
Castellum Rogerii Langobardi – castle at Umm Khalid/Netaniya
Château Pèlerin, also known as Atlit Castle and Castle Pilgrim; off-reach military base
Destroit, Le, near Atlit
Forbelet Castle at Taibe, Galilee; battle site near the Hospitaller castle
Givat Titora, castle ruins
Ibelin, near Yavne
Jaffa, fortified port town
Judin Castle at Khirbat Jiddin or Yehiam Fortress – Crusader castle, rebuilt in the 18th century; national park
Latrun, castle ruins
Merle - fortified enclosure, Arabic name: Burj al-Habis and Qal'at al-Tantura, at Dor/Tantura
Mirabel, in Hebrew: Migdal Tsedek, stronghold of the Lordship of Mirabel
Montfort; inside national park
Qula, Crusader tower and a vaulted structure
Ramla, stronghold of the Lordship of Ramla
Safed, large castle on the tallest hill, rebuilt by Baybars
Saforie, le or Sepphoris (Latin), Saffuriya (Arabic): tower; national park
Tel Hanaton – fortified farm
Tiberias – fortified Crusader city immediately north of abandoned city established in Roman times; on the shore of the Sea of Galilee
Toron des Chevaliers, at Latrun
Tour Rouge or Turris Rubea at Burgata – Arabic: Burj al-Ahmar, Hebrew: Hurvat Burgata
Tower of David – the citadel of Jerusalem
Turris Salinarum at Tel Taninim – Crusader tower, the only remains of the castle
Jordan
Ajloun Castle
Kerak Castle
Montreal
Tafilah
Vaux Moise (Wu'ayra in Arabic) near Petra
Doubtful proposals
Aqaba – doubtful, no traces found; castle on Ile de Graye might have been meant instead
Diban Castle
Hisban Crusader Castle
Discarded proposals
Jarash: the Temple of Artemis was reused as a castle by the Damascenes and destroyed by Baldwin II of Jerusalem, was therefore not used by the Crusaders.
Lebanon
Arqa
Batroun
Beaufort Castle
Beirut Castle, demolished in the late 19th century
Belhacem,
Byblos Castle
Citadel of Raymond de Saint-Gilles
Doubiye Castle
Gibelacar
Coliath
Deir Kifa Castle
Hasbaya Castle
Moinetre
Mseilha Fort
Nephin
Saint Louis Castle – Sidon Land Castle
Scandelion Castle
Sidon Sea Castle, stronghold of the Lordship of Toron
Toron, stronghold of the Lordship of Toron
Palestine
Castrum Sancti Helie (Castle of St. Elias) - castle ruins at Taybeh
Cisterna Rubea or Maldoim, Templar castle
Syria
Areimeh Castle,
Baniyas
Bourzey castle
Burj al-Sabi, near Adimeh,
Chastel Blanc
Chastel Rouge
Krak des Chevaliers
Maraclea
Margat, also known as Marqab
Masyaf Castle
Montferrand
Qadmous
Rouad
Saladdin Castle, Crusader name: Saône
Sarmada
Shughr-Bakas
Citadel of Tartus and Cathedral of Our Lady of Tortosa
Discarded proposals
Nimrod Fortress, Arabic names Qal'at Nimrud and Qal'at as-Subayba; Ayyubid castle expanded by Baibars, built to protect the road to Damascus from Crusaders and Muslim rivals; wrongly believed to be a Crusader castle.
Qasr Bardawil, wrongly identified for a while as the Castle of al-Al
Turkey
Anavarza Castle
Antioch
Amouda
Ayasuluk Castle, Selçuk
Bagras
Cursat,
Geben
Haruniye
Kızkalesi
Namrun Kalesi (Lampron)
Rumkale
Ravendel,
Servantikar
Silifke Castle
Tece
Tokmar Castle
T‛il Hamtun
Trapessac,
Dumlu Kalesi,
Yaka Castle
See also
List of castles
List of castles in Jordan
Ordensburg
References
Bibliography
Crusader
Crusader
Abditibacteriota is a bacterial phylum previously known as FBP candidatus, which is widespread in extreme environments on Earth, from polar and desert ecosystems to wastewater and contaminated mining sites. The first cultured representative came from Utsteinen (mountains of East Antarctica) and is a chemoheterotrophic, gram-negative, aerobic and oligotrophic bacterium. It has a limited number of carbon sources, optimized metabolism for survival in low nutrient habitats. Extreme resistance against antibiotics and toxic compounds was identified. Phylogenetically, it would be related to the phylum Armatimonadota according to molecular analysis.
References
Bacteria phyla
Krasny Bor () is a rural locality (a settlement) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 384 as of 2002. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Krasny Bor is located 41 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zuikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Lincoln's "Lost Speech" was a speech given by Abraham Lincoln at the Bloomington Convention on May 29, 1856, in Bloomington, Illinois. Traditionally regarded as lost because it was so engaging that reporters neglected to take notes, the speech is believed to have been an impassioned condemnation of slavery.
Speech
Lincoln's Lost Speech was given at the since demolished building at the corner of East and Front Streets in downtown Bloomington, Illinois, known as Major's Hall on May 29, 1856. Lincoln gave the speech at the Anti-Nebraska Bloomington Convention that culminated with the founding of the state Republican Party.
There are no known transcripts or written accounts of the Lost Speech, other than a brief summary in the local press. Eyewitnesses have offered snippets of some of Lincoln's content that day. William Herndon asserted that some of Lincoln's House Divided Speech was not based on new concepts at the time of its delivery. They wrote that Lincoln's "house divided against itself cannot stand" originated with the famous Bloomington speech of 1856. Editor of the Chicago Tribune Joseph Medill claimed that Chicago lawyer Henry Clay Whitney's transcript of the speech was accurate; Whitney's version was later debunked.
It is thought that the speech was a strongly worded derision of slavery. It is known that Lincoln's condemnation of the expansion of slavery was strong.
The traditional reason given for the lack of any written recollection of the Lost Speech is that Lincoln's skilled and powerful oration had mesmerized every person in attendance. Reporters were said to have laid down their pencils and neglected note taking, as if hypnotized by Lincoln's words. When the speech ended no notes existed, so media reports of the day simply recorded the fact that the speech had been delivered.
There is evidence in Herndon's recollections that the fact that the speech was "lost" may not have been an accident. So strongly worded was Lincoln's oration that others in attendance feared the words might lead to a crumbling of the Union and that Lincoln consented to suspending "its repetition" for the duration of the 1856 campaign.
Whitney version
In 1896, Chicago attorney Henry Clay Whitney published their account of the speech in an issue of McClure's Magazine. Whitney claimed they had taken notes during the speech and based their version of the speech upon those notes. Initially, Whitney's version was given some credibility. Ida Tarbell sought out Joseph Medill, who was present at the Lost Speech, and they claimed that Whitney's version displayed "remarkable accuracy".
Tarbell was unwittingly carried away by the story, but others were skeptical. Former Lincoln private secretary John George Nicolay declared Whitney's version devoid of Lincoln's style and a fraud. Robert Lincoln, Abraham's son, agreed with Nicolay's assessment. In 1900, the McLean County Historical Society declared their skepticism. In modern times, Lincoln researcher and Director of the Chicago Historical Society Paul M. Angle exposed Whitney's version of the speech and their claims of its validity as a "fabrication".
Importance
Lincoln's Lost Speech was famous, with a status considered legendary by the time Tarbell became enamored with Whitney's version of it. Lincoln was said to have spoken "like a giant inspired" and the tale of how the speech came to be lost was well known. Many who attended the speech considered it the greatest of Lincoln's life. Given at the first state convention, which essentially founded the Illinois Republican Party, the speech thrust Lincoln into the national political limelight.
Though it was known as the Lost Speech, its content influenced people nonetheless. Those who heard it were often asked to repeat what they heard and a frenzied group of supporters spearheaded Lincoln's drive toward a second-place finish among U.S. vice presidential candidates in 1856.
See also
Abraham Lincoln and slavery
The Lincoln Hunters
Notes
Further reading
Crissey, Elwell. Lincoln's Lost Speech: The Pivot Of Their Career, New York: 1967, Hawthorn Books, Inc.
Fenster, Julie M. The Case of Abraham Lincoln: A Story of Adultery, Murder, and the Making of a Great President, (Google Books), Palgrave Macmillan, 2007, ().
Randall, J.G. "Life on the Circuit with Lincoln by Henry Clay Whitney" JSTOR book review, The American Historical Review, Vol. 46, No. 1 October 1940, pp. 172–3
External links
Abraham Lincoln's Lost Speech
Bloomington was the scene for Lincoln's famous 'Lost Speech' - Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois newspaper)
'Bleeding Kansas' rallying cry at great political gathering - Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois newspaper)
Rediscovery of Lincoln's 'Lost Speech' debunked - Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois newspaper)
Lost Speech
Bloomington–Normal
1856 in politics
Presidents of the United States and slavery
1856 in Illinois
Lost works
May 1856 events
1856 speeches
Josué Edmond Blocus (born 20 November 1969) is a French heavyweight boxer who competed in the 1996 Olympics. Blocus is a black Frenchman whose family is from Guadeloupe.
Amateur career
At the 1996 European Championships in Vejle, Denmark, they beat Zoran Manojlovic (Yugoslavia) but lost to Serguei Lyakhovich (Belarus) on points.
At the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta they fought as a superheavyweight and beat Jesús Guevara, Venezuela, RSC-2 (02:13) but was stopped in the second round by big-punching Adalat Mamedov, Azerbaijan by RSC-1 (02:11).
Professional career
They turned pro in 1997, showing big power in six early wins, including one over Sedreck Fields. They then fought only five times over the next five years before getting outpointed in 2002 by Friday Ahunanya and knocked out by club fighter Guerrero (record 15-6). In 2007, at age 37, they rebounded and scored the biggest win of their pro career, beating Canadian champion David Cadieux on the road.
Professional boxing record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|16 Wins (14 knockouts, 2 decisions), 2 Losses (1 knockout, 1 decision)
|-
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-align=center
|Win
|
|align=left| Darryl Holley
|TKO
|1
|09/10/2010
|align=left| Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| David Cadieux
|SD
|12
|12/05/2007
|align=left| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Nicolai Firtha
|TKO
|7
|16/06/2006
|align=left| Duluth, Georgia, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Eric Starr
|TKO
|4
|16/12/2005
|align=left| Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Ron Guerrero
|RTD
|5
|15/02/2003
|align=left| Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Friday Ahunanya
|SD
|10
|01/06/2002
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Albert Stewart
|TKO
|3
|30/03/2002
|align=left| Reading, Pennsylvania, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Kevin Rosier
|TKO
|1
|09/12/2000
|align=left| Villeurbanne, France
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Mario Cawley
|UD
|6
|28/11/2000
|align=left| Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Clarence Goins
|TKO
|1
|13/11/1999
|align=left| Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Lou Turichiarelli
|TKO
|1
|12/06/1999
|align=left| Wilmington, Massachusetts, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Juan Pablo Rodriguez
|TKO
|1
|09/05/1998
|align=left| Sacramento, California, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Gene Jones
|KO
|2
|18/10/1997
|align=left| Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ronnie Smith
|TKO
|3
|17/06/1997
|align=left| Bay Saint Louis, Mississippi, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| James Lester
|TKO
|1
|07/06/1997
|align=left| Sacramento, California, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Alonzo Hollis
|TKO
|3
|14/05/1997
|align=left| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Sedreck Fields
|KO
|1
|05/05/1997
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Russell Pugh
|KO
|1
|26/04/1997
|align=left| Atlantic City, New Jersey, U.S.
|align=left|
|}
External links
sports-reference
1969 births
Living people
French people of Guadeloupean descent
Heavyweight boxers
Super-heavyweight boxers
Boxers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of France
French male boxers
Margaret Kate Weedon (née Macrae, and formerly Mercer, 31 October 1853 – 19 October 1930) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. They were born in Lewes. Weedon competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round competition. They took 14th place in the event with 498 points.
References
External links
Margaret Weedon's profile at Sports Reference.com
1853 births
1930 deaths
British female archers
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
People from Lewes
Transportes Aereos del Continente Americano, (Air Transports of the American Continent, known and branded formerly as TACA International), operating as Avianca El Salvador, is an airline owned by Kingsland Holdings based in El Salvador. As TACA, it still currently operates as the flag carrier of El Salvador. As Avianca El Salvador, it is one of the seven national branded airlines in the Avianca Group of Latin American airlines, and has been in operation for 75 years.
TACA owned and operated five other airlines in Central America, and its name was originally an acronym meaning Transportes Aéreos Centroamericanos (Central American Air Transport), but this was changed to Transportes Aéreos del Continente Americano (Air Transport of the American Continent), reflecting its expansion to North, Central, South America and the Caribbean.
On October 7, 2009, it was announced that TACA would merge with Avianca, though TACA maintained its name until the merger was officially completed on May 21, 2013. TACA was the second-oldest continuously operating airline brand in Central America and the Caribbean after Cubana de Aviación.
History
Inauguration (1931–1980)
TACA was founded in 1931 in Honduras by New Zealander Lowell Yerex. TACA began operations with a single-engine Stinson plane. Since its beginnings, routes covered all the national territory and its aircraft sported the XH Mexican registration (which were changed later by HR). The idea of its founder was to establish one airline in each Latin-American country, such as Aerovias Brasil in Brazil and other TACAs in Mexico, Venezuela, and Colombia. Out of all the TACA franchise airlines created, only TACA International of El Salvador survived.
As a consequence, in 1945 Yerex left the company and TACA moved its headquarters to the Republic of El Salvador where it was modernized and expanded, the company then established investment groups in other Latin American countries to be sold to domestic airlines, which in the case of Honduras TACA was sold to SAHSA. Later TACA was organized as an international company having its headquarters in San Salvador only under the name of TACA International.
During the 1940s and 1950s, the airline began to acquire larger piston engine airliners including the Douglas DC-3 and the Douglas DC-4. The Vickers Viscount turboprop passenger airliner followed in order to expand its route network around the Americas.
On December 28, 1966, TACA International entered the jet age when it inaugurated their first jet, a BAC One Eleven (which was a popular twin jet airplane at the time with other airlines in Latin America). The aircraft model was used until June 1, 1988, when it was phased out in favor of the Boeing 737-200 aircraft. The Lockheed L-188 Electra four engine turboprop airliners was operated from 1976 by TACA Air Cargo including freight flights to Miami, Florida.
Expansion years (1980–2009)
Until 1980, TACA was owned by a United States company and had its corporate headquarters in New Orleans (due to the civil war raging in El Salvador) under the administration of the Kriete Family of El Salvador, who owned a minority stock and ended up buying all the shares.
According to the July 1983 TACA route map, the air carrier was operating jet service to four destinations in the U.S. from Central America including Houston, Los Angeles, Miami and New Orleans). The airline also made several upgrades to its fleet during the 1980s by replacing the older turboprops as well as BAC One Eleven jetliners with more efficient aircraft, such as the Boeing 737-200 Advanced and 737-300 with the latter type being a member of the Boeing 737 Classic series. TACA later operated wide body Boeing 767-200s and 767-300s on its scheduled passenger services including international flights to Los Angeles and Miami.
Between 1940 and 1995, TACA bought the majority shares of the flag carrier airlines; Aviateca, LACSA, and Nicaragüense de Aviación, consolidating operations under a new brand group name, Grupo TACA.
In the 1990s, TACA International became the launch customer and principal users of the Airbus A320 in Latin America. These aircraft were substitutes for the aging Boeing 737-200 and the 737-300/-400 series aircraft that were on the fleet, which were gradually retired until 1999.
In 1992, TACA signed a strategic alliance with Panama-based Copa Airlines, and the airline began flying to Tocumen International Airport, making it the first flight connection center in Latin America. As a consequence, Tocumen airport
became the "Hub of the Americas" and the integration of several Latin American airlines to the alliance took place. The alliance ended in 1998 after the six-year period established in the agreement expired.
Then in 2001, having its main hubs in San Salvador and San Jose, the airline set an operations base at Lima, Peru, its first base in South America, causing as a consequence the founding of TACA Perú, of which TACA had 49% shares at. With this new addition, Grupo TACA began to offer a comprehensive network of routes throughout the Americas.
In 2005, TACA International was one of the founding members of the Mexican airline Volaris. In the same year, TACA became the first airline of Latin America to operate the Airbus A321.
In 2008 the board of directors decided to revert to the original name, TACA International (since the consolidation of the acquired airlines was completed), and the airline' headquarters returned to San Salvador, El Salvador to a new building which was inaugurated shortly afterwards. Also, it revealed a renovation in its corporate image.
That same year, TACA became the second user of the Brazilian Embraer 190 in Latin America.
AviancaTACA and modernization (2009–12)
On October 7, 2009, it was announced that TACA International would merge its assets in a strategic alliance with Colombian airline Avianca, in which case each will maintain its own trademark and operations. Avianca and TACA International operated a combined fleet of 129 aircraft, serving over 100 destinations in several countries in America and Europe. In December 2009 approval for the merger was given by the Colombian Civil Aeronautical Agency. The merger of Colombia's Avianca and El Salvador-based TACA is the latest sign that consolidation in the Latin American airline sector is picking up.
Brazil's Embraer, Canada's Bombardier Aerospace, and the Airbus A318 were being considered for the replacement.
In June 2011, AviancaTACA signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for 51 A320 Family aircraft, including 33 eco-efficient A320neo. Once firm, the order will be the largest order for A320neo in the region and also the biggest from a single airline in the history of Airbus in Latin America.
In December 2012, the airline made a firm order to ATR for 15 ATR 72-600 aircraft with a total value of 700 million dollars and the deliveries to start June 2013. The purpose of this purchase is to replace the aging Fokker 50 aircraft.
Star Alliance (2010–12)
On November 10, 2010, Star Alliance announced that Avianca and TACA International were to become full members in mid-2012.
Completion of merger and final flight
Avianca and TACA completed their merger on May 21, 2013. On May 20, 2013, just before midnight (12:00 AM), TACA International began to remove all its signs bearing the TACA logo from airports across the US, Canada, Mexico, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean. However, most of the former TACA International Airbus and Embraer jets as well as the TACA Regional jets still have the TACA logo painted on it. These aircraft are expected to be painted with the Avianca logo at a later date. The last flight with the TACA callsign took place on May 20, 2013. The flight was TACA Flight 566 from Monseñor Óscar Arnulfo Romero International Airport in San Salvador to John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. It departed San Salvador at 7:50 pm MST and landed in New York at 2:35 am EST. The flight landed two hours and thirty-five minutes after the official re-branding of the airlines; thus, the flight departed with the TACA callsign and landed with the Avianca callsign. The final official TACA flight to have the TACA callsign was TACA Flight 520 from San Salvador to Los Angeles. This flight departed at 7:20 pm MST and landed at 11:50 pm PDT. The first flight departing operated by Avianca El Salvador took place on May 21, 2013. The flight was Avianca El Salvador Flight 561 from San Francisco to San Salvador. The flight departed at 1:25 am PDT and landed at 7:55 am MST. This was followed by Avianca El Salvador Flight 521 from Los Angeles to San Salvador. This flight departed at 1:30 am PDT and landed at 7:30 am MST.
Merger and controversy in Costa Rica (2012–13)
On October 10, 2012, it was reported in a press conference that the trade name TACA International was going to disappear from the public eye and the promotion and marketing strategies were going to be owned by Avianca, according to representatives of the group that controls the brand. The Avianca-Taca's CEO, Fabio Villegas, explained that the use of the single brand for the group would occur in the first half of 2013. Eventually the TACA trade name wouldn't disappear from the public eye TACA will continue to operate but it will operate under the Avianca El Salvador brand and it will remain a full member of Star Alliance. Despite the TACA name permanently retired, Avianca El Salvador still continued to use the IACA and IACO identifiers "TA" and "TAI", along with the call sign "TACA" for Avianca El Salvador Operated flights.
On May 18, 2013, the Avianca-Taca Holding group downgraded the Juan Santamaría International Airport Hub in San José, Costa Rica to a base of operations as part of post-merger restructuring. This included the discontinuation of more than five non-stop flights made by the airline to and from San Jose, including flights to all cities in the United States. As a consequence, more than 200 employees lost their jobs (equivalent to 20% of the work force of the airline). This was controversial in Costa Rica and led to an extensive investigation by the civil aviation authorities of that country against the holding company.
Services
The former airlines that made up Grupo TACA were:
TACA International (El Salvador)
Aviateca (Guatemala)
Aviateca Regional - Formerly Inter, it operates under Aviateca's code.
LACSA (Costa Rica)
Isleña Airlines (Honduras)
Nicaragüense de Aviación (Nicaragua)
TACA Perú (Peru)
TACA Regional
The airline's hubs before Avianca merger were:
TACA International - Monseñor Óscar Arnulfo Romero International Airport in San Salvador, El Salvador
TACA Perú - Jorge Chávez International Airport in Lima, Peru
LACSA - Juan Santamaría International Airport in San José, Costa Rica ended in May 2013
Destinations
Avianca El Salvador serves 28 destinations throughout North, Latin, and South America.
Codeshare agreements
The airline has codeshare agreements with the following airlines:
Avianca
Cubana de Aviacion
Iberia
United Airlines
Fleet
Current fleet
The Avianca El Salvador fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of February 2022):
Parent company Avianca has a firm order for 100 Airbus A320neos, and some of the aircraft will likely go to Avianca El Salvador.
Former fleet
TACA International operated the following aircraft:
Reciprocal frequent-flyer agreements
LifeMiles is the frequent-flyer program of Avianca and TACA International as of 2009, because of the merger with Avianca. It replaced the old "Distancia" program.
Accidents and incidents
On March 5, 1959, a Vickers Viscount (registered YS-09C) crashed shortly after take-off from Managua International Airport at Managua, Nicaragua when both port engines failed. 15 of the 19 people on board were killed.
On May 24, 1988, TACA Flight 110, a Boeing 737-300 operating to New Orleans, suffered a double engine flame-out due to water ingestion, a result of an in-flight encounter with an area of very heavy rain and hail. The design of the engines and FAA water ingestion certification standards did not take into account the higher water volume of strong or severe thunderstorms while operating at lower power. The plane landed without further damage on a grass levee at the NASA Michoud Assembly Facility. All 45 passengers were uninjured.
On April 5, 1993, TACA Flight 510, a Boeing 767-200, overran the runway at Guatemala City's La Aurora International Airport due to an inability to brake on the flooded runway.
On May 30, 2008, TACA Flight 390, an Airbus A320-200 (registered EI-TAF), overran a rain-soaked runway on landing at Toncontín International Airport in Tegucigalpa, Honduras. There were 5 fatalities, 2 of which were on the ground.
See also
List of airlines of El Salvador
References
External links
Official website
Aeroman.com.sv
Tus-sentidos.com
Introducing.lifemiles.com
Taca-airlines.com
Airlines established in 1931
Airlines of El Salvador
Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association
Proposed Star Alliance members
The Center for Human Reproduction (CHR) is a fertility center located in New York City. It was founded by the obstetrician-gynecologist Norbert Gleicher in 1981.
History
Creation and decade of 1980s
Norbert Gleicher, an obstetrician-gynecologist born in Kraków, moved to the United States to complete their fellowship in immunology in New York City and to develop their residency in obstetrics and gynecology at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Chicago. After holding positions as assistant professor in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology and division director of the division of Reproductive Immunology at the medical center, they founded the Center for Human Reproduction in Chicago in 1981, established as the first IVF center in the Midwest. In 1983, the center performed the worlds's first trans-vaginal egg retrieval. Five years later a manuscript was published reporting the world's first trans-vaginal tubal catheterization to open occluded Fallopian tubes.
1990s: New York City opening
With the growth of the center in Chicago, a new headquarters was opened in New York City. In 1997, the center reached an agreement with Columbia University to staff CHR NY as university's IVF program. One year later, CHR NY opened at 635 Madison Avenue including in its staff the American physician Mark V. Sauer, who was then Head of the Reproductive Endocrinology Division at Columbia. Sauer became the center's Medical Director and Dr. Andrea Vidali, also from Columbia University's division of reproductive endocrinology, was included in CHR's team of professionals. By the end of 1999, Gleicher was in charge of both centers in Chicago and New York City, splitting their time each week between the two cities.
New millennium and present
In 2000, 21 E 69th Street location was purchased as the new site of CHR in New York City. This location was opened on September 10, 2001, the night before the September 11 attacks. In 2003, Gleicher sold the Chicago operations to Reproductive Genetics Institute with a one-year transition period, and moved full-time back to New York City. That same year, David H. Barad, MD, MS, previously Head of Reproductive Endocrinology/IVF Division at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, joined the center as Clinical Director of Assisted Reproductive Technologies. With the inclusion of Barad, the center's research focus on ovarian aging tightened.
In 2005, CHR published the first manuscript on the use of DHEA supplementation for female fertility in Fertility & Sterility international journal. CHR published in 2008 the first manuscript about the danger of preimplantation genetic screening after performing some analyses that proved the low effectiveness of this procedure in improving the chances of pregnancy in IVF.
Around 2010, the center started a research collaboration with Dr. Aritro Sen's laboratory at the University of Rochester Medical Center. This collaboration resulted in several publications related to the crucial role androgen play in female fertility. Three years later, the center published the first report of IVF success rate manipulation, leading to CDC and SART to update report guidelines to close a loophole. In 2015, CHR established "What's My Fertility", an online risk screening tool for young women to detect risk of developing premature ovarian aging (POA) and associated infertility later in life.
In 2017, the center reported the oldest pregnancy and live birth in an almost 48-year-old woman, after an IVF procedure with their own eggs. In 2018 and 2019, the CHR website won the eHealthcare Leadership Award in Best Healthcare Content, in Medical Practice/Outpatient Facility category. During the COVID-19 outbreak in New York City in 2020, the center remained open for urgent fertility treatments.
References
Organizations established in 1981
Medical and health organizations based in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in New York (state)
Stephen David Layton (born 23 December 1966) is an English conductor.
Layton was raised in Derby, where their father was a church organist. They were a chorister at Winchester Cathedral, and subsequently won scholarships to Eton College and then King's College, Cambridge as an organ scholar under Stephen Cleobury.
Whilst studying at Cambridge, Layton founded the mixed-voice choir Polyphony in 1986. They were appointed the musical director of the Holst Singers in 1993, replacing Hilary Davan Wetton, who had founded the group in 1978. Layton has served as assistant organist at Southwark Cathedral and musical director of Wokingham Choral Society. Beginning in 1997, they served as organist and subsequently director of music at the Temple Church. From 1999 to 2004 they were a chief conductor of the Netherlands Kammerkoor. From 2000 to 2012 they were chief guest conductor of the Danish National Vocal Ensemble. In 2006, they became director of music at Trinity College, Cambridge. In November 2009, the City of London Sinfonia announced the appointment of Layton as its second artistic director, effective with the 2010–2011 season, for an initial contract of 3 years. Layton is also to have the title of principal conductor.
Layton has premiered new works and recordings by a number of composers, including Arvo Pärt, Thomas Adès and James MacMillan. Their realisation of John Tavener's The Veil of the Temple was premiered in 2003 at The Temple Church London. It was subsequently performed in 2004 at the Royal Albert Hall during the BBC Proms, and in the Avery Fisher Hall, New York, as part of the Lincoln Center Festival.
Stephen Layton's discography on Hyperion ranges from Handel and Bach with original instruments to Arvo Pärt, Paweł Łukaszewski, Lauridsen, Whitacre and Ēriks Ešenvalds. Recordings with Polyphony include Gabriel Jackson, Paweł Łukaszewski, Francis Poulenc, John Tavener, and Ẽriks Ešenvalds.
They have received two Gramophone Awards in the UK and the Diapason d'Or in France, The Echo Deutscher Musikpreis in Germany, The Compact Award in Spain, and four Grammy nominations in the USA.
Layton was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to classical music.
References
External links
Official website of Stephen Layton
Official website of Polyphony
Official website of the Holst Singers
Official website of The Choir of Trinity College Cambridge
Wokingham Choral Society history page
Official website of the Netherlands Chamber Choir
1966 births
APRA Award winners
English choral conductors
British male conductors (music)
Living people
People educated at Eton College
21st-century British conductors (music)
21st-century British male musicians
Organ Scholars of King's College, Cambridge
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Malfred Kasper Bergseth (19 June 1895 – 24 August 1966) was a Norwegian trade unionist.
They were born in Øvre Rendal. They were a manual laborer from a young age, mostly in construction. They organized both politically and trade-wise in 1912, joining the Norwegian Union of General Workers and Norges Socialdemokratiske Ungdomsforbund. In 1917 however they left social democracy to become a syndicalist, in Norsk Syndikalistisk Forbund. They became known as manager of Oslo sten, jord og cementarbeiderforening in 1927, a union they had joined in 1923. In 1930 they became deputy chairperson of the Norwegian Union of Building Industry Workers. They later chaired the union.
Bergseth served 24 days in prison for supporting the Left Communist Youth League's military strike action of 1924, and 30 days in prison in 1930 for violating § 222 of the Penal Law. This paragraph had been amended in 1927 to include harassment of strikebreakers as a punishable offense. It was strongly disregarded by the labour movement, who dubbed it the "Zuchthaus Act" (). They died in August 1966 and was buried at Østre gravlund.
References
1895 births
1966 deaths
People from Hedmark
Norwegian trade unionists
Syndicalists
Norwegian prisoners and detainees
Prisoners and detainees of Norway
Place of death missing
In enzymology, a beta-lysine 5,6-aminomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(3S)-3,6-diaminohexanoate (3S,5S)-3,5-diaminohexanoate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, (3S)-3,6-diaminohexanoate, and one product, (3S,5S)-3,5-diaminohexanoate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring amino groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is (3S)-3,6-diaminohexanoate 5,6-aminomutase. Other names in common use include beta-lysine mutase, and L-beta-lysine 5,6-aminomutase. This enzyme participates in lysine degradation. It employs one cofactor, cobamide.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes, with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.4.3
Cobamide enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
Edward Bruce Douglas (November 6, 1886 – February 6, 1946) was an American sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1886 births
1946 deaths
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
American male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Cedar Rapids, Iowa
UFC Fight Night: Ortega vs. The Korean Zombie (also known as UFC Fight Night 180, UFC on ESPN+ 38 and UFC Fight Island 6) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on October 18, 2020 at the du Forum on Yas Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Background
Without fans in attendance, the promotion did not have to make consideration for the local timing of the event, so the plan was to proceed with normal timing for prime time hours on the east coast of North America. The main card was scheduled to begin at 3:00 am (October 18) local time in Abu Dhabi, with a full preliminary card beginning at approximately 12:00 am Gulf Standard Time.
A featherweight bout between former UFC Featherweight Championship challengers Brian Ortega and Chan Sung Jung served as the event headliner. The duo were previously scheduled to main event UFC Fight Night: Edgar vs. The Korean Zombie in December 2019. However, Ortega pulled out of the fight with a knee injury and was replaced by former UFC Lightweight Champion Frankie Edgar.
A women's flyweight bout between former UFC Women's Strawweight Champion Jéssica Andrade and former UFC Women's Flyweight Championship challenger Jessica Eye was briefly linked to the event. However, the pairing never materialized due to lingering injuries for Eye. Andrade faced another former flyweight title challenger in Katlyn Chookagian instead.
A heavyweight bout between Ciryl Gane and Shamil Abdurakhimov was expected to take place at this event. The pairing was originally scheduled for UFC 249, but Gane was forced to pull out of the event after they suffered a pneumothorax in training. Subsequently, the pairing was rescheduled and cancelled on three other occasions for various reasons. First at UFC 251, then briefly for UFC 253 and UFC Fight Night: Covington vs. Woodley. The bout fell through once again as Abdurakhimov pulled out due to undisclosed reasons on September 28 and Gane was expected to face promotional newcomer Ante Delija. However, that bout was also cancelled on October 14 due to contractual issues with Delija, seemingly related to their previous deal with the PFL.
A lightweight bout between Renato Moicano and Magomed Mustafaev was scheduled for the event, but Moicano withdrew on September 15 due to personal reasons. They were replaced by former KSW Featherweight and Lightweight Champion Mateusz Gamrot. In turn, Mustafaev pulled out in early October due to undisclosed reasons. Gamrot faced fellow promotional newcomer Guram Kutateladze instead.
A light heavyweight bout between former UFC Light Heavyweight Championship challenger Volkan Oezdemir and Nikita Krylov was briefly linked to the event. However, Oezdemir pulled out of the fight in early October citing a knee injury. A replacement could not be found and Krylov was removed from the card.
Muslim Salikhov was expected to face Cláudio Silva in a welterweight bout at the event. However, it was announced on October 4 that Salikhov pulled out due to undisclosed reasons and was replaced by James Krause.
A middleweight bout between Krzysztof Jotko and Makhmud Muradov was briefly scheduled to take place at this event, before being moved two weeks later to UFC Fight Night: Hall vs. Silva.
Mounir Lazzez was expected to face David Zawada in a welterweight bout at the event. However, it was reported on October 6 that Lazzez tested positive for COVID-19 and would not compete. In turn, Zawada was removed from the card.
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters received $50,000 bonuses.
Fight of the Night: Guram Kutateladze vs. Mateusz Gamrot
Performance of the Night: Jéssica Andrade and Jimmy Crute
See also
List of UFC events
List of current UFC fighters
2020 in UFC
References
UFC Fight Night
2020 in mixed martial arts
2020 in Emirati sport
Mixed martial arts in the United Arab Emirates
Sports competitions in Abu Dhabi
October 2020 sports events in Asia
The morning is the part of the day from either midnight or dawn to noon.
Morning(s) or The Morning may also refer to:
Film, television and radio
Morning (film), a 2010 American film by Leland Orser
The Morning (film), a 1967 Yugoslav film
A Morning, a Canadian morning television show 1997–2009
Today Extra, formerly Mornings, an Australian morning television talk show
"Mornings" (Master of None), a television episode
Mornings (CBC Music), a Canadian morning radio program
Music
Symphony No. 6 (Haydn), nicknamed "Morning", 1761
Albums
Morning (Amel Larrieux album) or the title song, 2006
Morning (Janice Vidal album) or the title song, 2009
Morning (Kenny Drew album) or the title song, 1975
The Morning (Andrew Osenga album), 2006
The Morning (Lewis Watson album), 2014
Morning (EP), by Mae, 2009
Songs
"Morning" (Clare Fischer composition), 1965
"Morning" (Teyana Taylor and Kehlani song), 2019
"Mornin, by Al Jarreau from Jarreau, 1983
"Morning", by Beck from Morning Phase, 2014
"Morning", by G Flip from About Us, 2019
"Morning", by Iron & Wine from Around the Well, 2009
"Morning", by Val Doonican, 1972
"Morning", by Wet Wet Wet from Picture This, 1995
"Morning", by Zara Larsson from Poster Girl, 2021
"Morning", written by Frank Lebby Stanton (lyrics) and Oley Speaks (music), 1910
"The Morning", by Raekwon, Pusha T, Common, 2 Chainz, Cyhi the Prynce, Kid Cudi, and D'banj from Cruel Summer, 2012
"The Morning", by Robert Forster from Inferno, 2019
"The Morning", by the Weeknd from House of Balloons, 2011
Other uses
Morning (Hord), a sculpture by Donal Hord in San Diego, California, US
Morning (magazine), a weekly Japanese seinen manga magazine
See also
Asahi (disambiguation)
Mourning
Sabah (newspaper), a Turkish daily newspaper
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C23H31N3O}}
The molecular formula C23H31N3O (molar mass: 365.51 g/mol, exact mass: 365.2467 u) may refer to:
APINACA, or AKB48
BU-LAD, or 6-butyl-6-nor-lysergic acid diethylamide
Molecular formulas
is a series of novels about Junkers (pronounced Yoon-kers), a miniature schnauzer, language-speaking dog, written by Japanese musician Naoto Kine as a member of TM Network since 1990.
Media
Anime
An anime movie about a girl, Hiromi Nozawa, directed by Junichi Sato of Sailor Moon fame and shown in small chunks on Japanese TV before being released theatrically. The original author, kine also performed the film's opening song and acted in the film as Shintaro, Hiromi's father. The late Kazuo Komatsubara also worked on the film as a character designer and animation director. It won Best Animation Film at the 1995 Mainichi Film Awards.
Hiromi appears on the outside to be a mature, resilient girl, but on the inside they feel like she's falling apart. They hardly see their parents at all, as they are always busy with work. Then they learn that their parents are considering a divorce and they may have to make the heartrending choice of deciding which parent to live with. On top of that, Hiromi's tutor, Keisuke (on whom Hiromi has a crush), is getting married, and Hiromi fears that they soon will be completely alone. They find themselves comforted by Junkers, an unusual dog with the ability to speak and grant their three wishes.
Cast
Japanese voice actor
Mei Oshitani as Hiromi Nozawa
Shinnosuke Furumoto as Junkers
Daisuke Sugata as Atsushi
Hiroko Takahashi as School Crossing Warden
Kappei Yamaguchi as Passenger
Katsunari Mineno as Keisuke Kimura
Keiko Nakajima as Fumie Morita
Mayumi Iizuka as Kazuko
Misako Konno as Suzuko Nozawa
Mitsuaki Madono as Waiter
Momoko Ishi as Chie Harada
Naoto Kine as Shintaro Nozawa
Sakiko Tamagawa as Yoko Inoue
Toshihiko Nakajima as Photographer
Yuki Sato as Baby
Yuta Yamazaki as Hiroshi
Yuya Tejima as Takashi
English dubbing actor
Brittney Wilson as Hiromi Nozawa
Sanders Whiting as Junkers
Brad Swaile as Keisuke Kimura
Chantal Strand as Kazuko
Danny McKinnon as Takashi
Ellen Kennedy as Fumie Morita
Farell Spence as School Crossing Warden
Jordan Kilik as Atsushi
Lisa Ann Beley as Suzuko Nozawa
Moneca Stori as Yoko Inoue
Reece Thompson as Hiroshi
Sean Campbell as Shintaro Nozawa
Sylvia Zaradic as Chie Hirada
Trevor Devall as Photographer
Music
Opening ThemeReal You, Another You, by Naoto Kine
Ending ThemeWinter Comes Around, by Akiko Hioki
References
External links
1994 anime films
Anime with original screenplays
Bandai Entertainment anime titles
Drama anime and manga
Fictional dogs
1990s Japanese-language films
Japanese films
Parivaar may refer to:
Parivar (1967 film), a 1967 Bollywood drama film
Parivaar (1987 film), a 1987 Hindi-language Indian film
Natallia Marchanka (born 19 May 1979) is a Belarusian basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
Belarusian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Belarus
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Peter Nienow FRSE is a Professor in glaciology at the University of Edinburgh. Their research focuses on how glaciers and ice sheets respond to climate change. They were educated at Leighton Park School and Cambridge University.
 They are a winner of the Polar Medal, an award given to British citizens in recognition of acquisition of knowledge about polar regions, and who have undertaken polar expeditions in extreme hardship.
Awards and honours
In 2019 they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British glaciologists
Recipients of the Polar Medal
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
British geographers
John V Lisle (c. 1386 – 17 February 1429), of Wootton, Isle of Wight was a Member of Parliament for Hampshire in 1417 and 1422. The son and heir of Sir John IV Lisle, they were the father of Sir John VI Lisle.
References
1386 births
1429 deaths
Politicians from the Isle of Wight
15th-century English people
English MPs 1417
English MPs 1422
Konjevići () is a village located in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 859 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Jaume Alonso-Cuevillas i Sayrol (born 22 November 1961) is a Spanish academic, lawyer and politician from Catalonia who currently serves as Member of the Parliament of Catalonia for the pro-independence party Together for Catalonia and as Second Secretary of the Parliament of Catalonia. They previously served as Member of the Congress of Deputies of Spain between May 2019 and March 2021.
Early life
Alonso-Cuevillas was born on 22 November 1961 in Barcelona, Catalonia.  They are the son and brother of lawyers. They have a diploma in Catalan civil law (1984) and bachelor's degree in law (1985) from the University of Barcelona. They received a doctorate in law from the university in 1990 after producing a thesis titled La Comparecencia Preparatoria del Juicio de Menor Cuantía. They also have a bachelor's degree in economics and business administration from the Abat Oliba CEU University (2014) and a master's degree in audit of accounts (2015).
Career
Alonso-Cuevillas was a scholar at the Ministry of Education and Science (1987–90). They joined the University of Barcelona in 1988 as a lecturer (profesor colaborador). They were promoted to interim associate professor (profesor titular interino) in 1992 and the following year became an associate professor (profesor titular de universidad). In 2005 they became professor of procedural law.
Alonso-Cuevillas was dean of the Bar Association of Barcelona (1997-05), president of the Council of Catalan Law (1999-00) and president of the European Federation of the Bar Association (2007–08).  They are a member of the Royal Academy of Doctors of Spain. They received the Ferran Termes Prize in 2015.
Alonso-Cuevillas is the lawyer for exiled President of Catalonia Carles Puigdemont. They contested the 2019 general election as a Together for Catalonia (JxCat) electoral alliance candidate in the Province of Girona and was elected to the Congress of Deputies.
In July 2020 Alonso-Cuevillas joined the newly formed Together for Catalonia political party. They stood in the 2021 Catalan regional election for the Province of Barcelona and was elected to the Parliament of Catalonia. On 12 March 2021 they were elected Second Secretary of the Parliament of Catalonia.
Electoral history
References
External links
1961 births
Academics from Catalonia
Lawyers from Catalonia
Independent politicians in Catalonia
Living people
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 14th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
People from Barcelona
Together for Catalonia (2017) politicians
Together for Catalonia (2020) politicians
University of Barcelona alumni
University of Barcelona faculty
Federal Hill is a historic home located at Fredericksburg, Virginia. It was built about 1794, and is a -story, brick and frame dwelling sheathed in weatherboard, with a two-story frame wing. It has a gable roof with dormers. The front facade has a central pedimented pavilion and recessed fanlight door. The large ballroom and elaborate dining room are distinctive for their mixing of late colonial and Federal detailing. Federal Hill was probably built by Robert Brooke (1761–1800), governor of Virginia from 1794 to 1796.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
References
Going to Battle for a Piece of History: The Maurers spent $4.7 million to restore a Civil War-scarred home in Fredericksburg, Va. The Wall Street Journal
Federal Hill, Summerhouse, 510 Hanover Street, Fredericksburg, Fredericksburg, VA at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Federal architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1794
Houses in Fredericksburg, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg, Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
1794 establishments in Virginia
Elections were held in Illinois on Tuesday, November 5, 2002. Primary elections were held on March 19, 2002.
The Democratic Party made gains in these elections, while the Republican Party conversely saw losses. The Democratic Party retained their control of the State House and flipped control of the State Senate. The Democratic Party also won the Governorship and Lieutenant Governorship in their combined election, ending 26 years of Republican control of the state's executive branch. In addition, among the other four statewide elected offices, the Democratic Party retained their hold of two (Secretary of State and Comptroller), while flipping another (Attorney General). This left Illinois Treasurer Judy Baar Topinka as the sole remaining Republican holder of a statewide office.
The losses for Republicans continued a decline of fortunes that had taken place in the state of Illinois over the last several elections for the party, which previously had held all statewide elected offices and both chambers of the Illinois General Assembly in the mid-1990s (following the 1994 elections).
Election information
2002 was a midterm election year in the United States.
Turnout
Primary election
For the primary election, turnout was 32.84%, with 2,321,875 votes cast.
Turnout by county
General election
For the general election, turnout was 51.86%, with 3,653,060 votes cast.
Turnout by county
Federal elections
United States Senate
Incumbent Democratic United States Senator Dick Durbin won reelection to a second term.
United States House
Illinois had lost one seat in the reapportionment following the 2000 United States Census. All 19 of Illinois' remaining seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 2002.
Before the election, Democrats and Republicans each held 10 seats from Illinois. In 2002, Republicans won 10 seats while Democrats won 9.
State elections
Governor and Lieutenant Governor
Incumbent Governor George Ryan, a Republican plagued by scandals, did not seek reelection. Democrat Rod Blagojevich was elected to succeed him.
Attorney General
Incumbent Attorney General Jim Ryan, a Republican, did not seek a third term, instead opting to run for Governor. Democrat Lisa Madigan was elected to succeed him.
Democratic primary
Republican primary
General election
Polling
Results
Secretary of State
Incumbent Secretary of State Jesse White, a Democrat, won reelection to a second term in office.
Democratic primary
Republican primary
General election
White carried all of Illinois' 102 counties.
Comptroller
Incumbent Comptroller Daniel Hynes, a Democrat, was reelected to a second term.
Democratic primary
Republican primary
General election
Treasurer
Incumbent Treasurer Judy Baar Topinka, a Republican, was reelected to a third term.
Democratic primary
Republican primary
General election
State Senate
All 59 of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 2002, as this election followed a redistricting. Control of the Illinois Senate was flipped from Republican to Democratic. Republicans had been in control of the State Senate since 1993, having captured a majority from the 1992 election.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 2002. Democrats retained control of the Illinois House of Representatives, which they had held since 1997, having won a majority in the 1996 election.
Judicial elections
Multiple judicial positions were up for election in 2002.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
Notes
References
Illinois
OIT may refer to:
Science and technology
Computing
Operator Interface Terminal, in industrial design (see user interface)
Order-independent transparency, in computer graphics
Medicine
Oral immunotherapy, oral feeding of allergen to raise allergic threshold
Other uses in science and technology
Out of India Theory, the idea that the Aryans are indigenous to the Indian subcontinent
Oxidative-induction time, a standardized test which measures the level of thermal stabilization
Places
Oita Airport, Kunisaki, Oita Prefecture, Japan (by IATA airport code)
Education
Osaka Institute of Technology, Osaka, Japan
Oregon Institute of Technology, Oregon, United States
Oriental Institute of Technology, a university in New Taipei, Taiwan
Helena Amélia Oehler Stemmer (1927 – 2016) was a Brazilian civil engineer and university professor.
Early life and education
Helena Amélia Oehler Stemmer was born in Porto Alegre on 11 November 1927.
They graduated in civil engineering at the Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul (UFRGS) in 1954.
Career
On 15 May 1955, Helena Amélia Oehler Stemmer married their university colleague Caspar Erich Stemmer and soon got a job at the company Azevedo Bastian Castilhos S / A Construções. The couple had a son, Marcelo Stemmer.
When their husband, then dean of Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina (UFSC) made a study exchange trip to the Technical University of North Rhine-Westphalia in Aachen (RWTH Aachen) in Germany, Helena attended structural analysis classes in German at the university.
Stemmer started teaching at UFSC in 1969, a year after the foundation of the civil engineering course, becoming the first teacher in the discipline of construction stability at the university. They were coordinator of the civil engineering course, head of department and director of the Technological Center (CTC).
They were the only woman to head an engineering department at CTC in almost 50 years.
They dedicated themselves to teaching for almost three decades until their retirement in June 1992, and co-authored the book Memórias da Engenharia Civil.
Personal life
In their youth, they practiced athletics at the Porto Alegre Gymnastics Society. Later in life, they were known for their interest and knowledge of opera, and sang as a soprano. They were celebrated for their good memory, enthusiasm for reading and broad cultural interests.
Death and burial
Helena Amélia Oehler Stemmer died around noon on Monday, 28 March 2016. They were buried in the Jardim da Paz Cemetery in Florianópolis alongside their husband.
References
External links
Fotografia de Helena e seu marido Caspar
Brazilian civil engineers
2016 deaths
1927 births
People from Porto Alegre
Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul alumni
Woman engineers
Brian Sherratt may refer to:
Brian Sherratt (educator) (born 1942), British educator, principal of Great Barr School
Brian Sherratt (footballer) (1944-2021), British footballer
Fremont Orestes Phillips (March 16, 1856 – February 21, 1936) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1899 to 1901.
Biography
Born in Lafayette, Ohio, Phillips attended the public schools.
They moved to Medina, Ohio, in 1873.
They attended Medina High School, Medina Normal School both in Medina and Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1880 and commenced practice in Medina, Ohio.
They were in the Justice of the Peace.
They served as mayor of Medina 1886–1890.
They served as probate judge of Medina County 1892–1897.
Phillips was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1899 – March 3, 1901).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1900.
They resumed the practice of law in Medina, Ohio.
They served as chairperson of the Medina County Republican Central committee 1916–1934.
Phillips was again elected probate judge of Medina County in 1924.
They were reelected in 1928 and served until 1932.
They died in Medina, Ohio, February 21, 1936.
They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
Sources
1856 births
1936 deaths
People from Allen County, Ohio
People from Medina, Ohio
Kenyon College alumni
Mayors of places in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Probate court judges in the United States
Buddhism in Khotan comprised bodies of Buddhist religious doctrine and institutions characteristic of the Iranic Kingdom of Khotan as well as much of Western China and Tajikistan. It was the state religion of the Kingdom of Khotan until its collapse in 1000. The dominant school of Buddhism in Khotan was the Mahāsāṃghika school - from which the Mahayana and Vajrayana schools would develop. The kingdom's vast collection of texts, which included the indigenous Book of Zambasta and a Khotanese translation of the Sanghata Sutra (the earliest translation of the Sanskrit text to date), helped Khotan influence the Buddhist practices of its neighbors, most notably Tibet.
History
Local legend suggests that one of the Indian Emperor Ashoka's sons, Kushtana Maurya, founded the Central Asian city of Khotan, once the capital of a prominent Buddhist kingdom alongside the famous Silk Road. According to this same legend, Ashoka's son was abandoned by their father and nurtured by the Earth, with the ground swelling in the shape of a female breast. For this reason the child was named "Earth's Breast", or Go-stana. As they grew up, settlers from the Indian subcontinent and China began to settle within the oasis surrounding the “Earth's breast.” Together with an unnamed son of the Chinese emperor, the son of Ashoka helped Indian expatriates settle within the region and found a city named after the son, called Khotan. Even so, the Chinese pilgrim Xuanzang and Tibetan records both suggest that Buddhism would not be introduced to the kingdom until Go-stana's grandson Vijayasambhava was born 170 years after the city's establishment. In Vijayasambhava's fifth year of life, according to Xuanzang, a Kashmiri missionary named Vairocana arrived in Khotan and practiced meditations in the woods. Gaining the people's interest, they became a spiritual teacher for the Khotanese people and established the first Buddhist convent in Khotan. Their contributions helped introduce Vijayasambhava to the concepts of Buddhism, thus founding the Vijaya dynasty within Khotan and ultimately laying the foundations for the Buddhist faith to become its official religion by 130 BCE.
However, an account by the Han general Ban Chao suggested that the people of Khotan in 73 AD still appeared to practice Mazdeism or Shamanism Their son Ban Yong who spent time in the Western Regions also did not mention Buddhism there, and with the absence of Buddhist art in the region before the beginning of Eastern Han, it has been suggested that Buddhism may not have been adopted in the region until the middle of the second century AD.
A thriving Silk Road center of trade, the Kingdom of Khotan quickly established trade, diplomatic and religious relationships with its neighbors, most notably with Ancient China. While Khotan's relations with the Chinese were initially not smooth due to an ill-fated revolt that killed a Chinese commander in the 2nd century, the Khotanese sent embassies to the Three Kingdoms between 202 and 222 CE. This led to the formation of close relations with the Jin Dynasty throughout the fifth and sixth centuries. Because of Khotan's expansion and relations with its neighbors, its culture and its interpretations of Buddhism became a melting pot of all the cultures that existed along the Silk Road.
By 665 CE., the Tibetan army had conquered the city of Khotan. Ironically, while the Tibetans occupied the Khotanese kingdom, it was the Khotanese who influenced the Tibetans. This was most notable in the cases of the technical vocabulary and the translation techniques used for Buddhist texts. Much like the modern-day Tibetan alphabet, the Khotanese alphabet utilized a Cursive Gupta script, most likely influenced by Sanskrit from its nearby neighbors. While writing down a translation of a Sanskrit work, Khotanese scribes would render Buddhist technical vocabulary though an etymology of each syllable. This helped the Khotanese maintain the accuracy of their translations, even if they were more concise than the Sanskrit and Pali originals. The Tibetans had long sought to translate Buddhist Sanskrit texts in a more efficient matter, because at that time they did not share a common alphabet. The occupation of the Central Asian kingdom however gave Tibetans an opportunity to learn the Khotanese alphabet. By the 9th Century, the Tibetans had adapted the Khotanese alphabet for their language.
While Islam had earlier been introduced into Central Asia, it was not until 982 C.E. when the Islamic Kara-Khanid Khanate of Kashgar began to invade the Kingdom of Khotan. By the time the city of Khotan fell to the Karakhanids in 1006 AD, most of the residual monks had already fled to Tibet, taking many of their sacred texts with them. Not long after the Karakhanids began their occupation, Islam became the dominant religion in Khotan, marking an end of Buddhism in the region.
Practice of Buddhism in Khotan
Monastic life
Monastic communities stood as a key component within Khotanese Buddhist culture. An example of this importance was noted by Chinese pilgrim Faxian, who wrote about their four-month stay within the Kingdom. En route to India and Sri Lanka to obtain Buddhist scriptures, Faxian quickly found that the capital city's monasteries made plenty of room for monks who traveled across the Silk Road. They also found that the monasteries provided provisions necessary for them to continue their pilgrimage. Within the walls of Gomati (a monastery within Khotan), they took special note of the silent, disciplined lifestyle within the monasteries: “When [the monks] enter the refectory, their demeanour is marked by a reverent gravity, and they take their seats in regular order, all maintaining a perfect silence. No sound is heard from their alms-bowls and other utensils. When any of these pure men require food, they are not allowed to call out (to the attendants) for it, but only make signs with their hands.”
While the Gomati and Gosirsa monasteries remain the most well known thanks to their documentation by the famous Chinese pilgrims Faxian and Xuanzang, the kingdom was once home to over a hundred monasteries, accommodating more than five thousand monks. Recently, archaeological evidence was found approximately 28 kilometers south of the modern town of Hotan. While today there exist only crumbling walls, shards of pottery and tops of large buildings today, the ruins of Melikawat once housed a complex of royal administrative buildings and monasteries. An epicenter of Khotan's religious and political culture, Melikawat stands as a major archaeological clue to the once thriving Buddhist culture within the region.
Another temple that helped define Khotanese Buddhist traditions was Tuopulukedun, an area that holds one of the best preserved Buddhist temples discovered to date in the region of Khotan. Originally constructed during the 7th century, the site in Tuopulukedun was excavated from September 20 to August, 2010. The remains of the wooden and earth-built temple measured 40 by 20 meters long and were built on wooden frames with outer layers of earth. Within the temple lay fragments of well-preserved sculptures and painted frescos of the Buddha and their disciples. Throughout the four walls of the temple were paintings that depicted with painstaking detail the characters who appeared within the Mahayana scriptures. Despite being within this rather confined space, the archaeologists found brightly colored frescos to be abundant within the temple, more so than any other temple within the region. In the center of the painted interior stood a 60-foot tall stone statue of Siddartha Gautama Moreover, statues and carvings of the Buddha and their Bodhisattvas were commonplace within temples. The statues and the frescos reflected different influences from different regions of Asia, perhaps due to Khotan's convenient location in the Silk Road. While the statues reflected Bactrian and Greco-Buddhist influence, the painted frescos on the walls were a prelude to those later found in Tibetan and Chinese Buddhist monasteries.
Processionals
In addition to helping foreign monks with their pilgrimages, Khotanese Buddhism was woven closely into the very fabric of Khotanese culture. This led not only to the construction of thriving local monastic communities, but also encouraged Khotanese citizens to incorporate the Buddhist faith into their life. This is particularly the case during the first two weeks of June, when processional ceremonies were practiced. Everyone from the Khotanese royal family to the common merchants and laborers would come together within the capital city and, during these two weeks, would offer carriages to the King's New Monastery [Faxian]. Lavishly filled with what Faxian refers to as the seven precious substances (the : gold, silver, lapis lazuli, rock crystal, rubies, diamonds or emeralds, and agate). and prominently displaying an image of the Buddha with two Boddhisatvas on the side, one carriage was carried per day throughout the two-week holiday.
Farhad-beg-yailaki
Farhad-beg-yailaki lies on the southern Silk Road in the Kingdom of Khotan. Sir Mark Aurel Stein explored the remains of Buddhist shrines there which they dated from the fourth to sixth century AD. Stein discovered Buddha statues wearing robes with bright floral designs on which had piles of fabrics offered at their feet in worship. Stein concluded that there was evidence of contact with many cultures in Farhad-beg-yailaki. Murals found there depicted two important Buddhist mythological figures, Hariti and Avalokitesvara, draped in cloth with Sassanian designs on.
Balawaste
Balawaste is a ruin site in the eastern part of the Khotan oasis, near the village of Domoko on the southern arm of the Silk Road. It was discovered by Sir Mark Aurel Stein on their first and second expeditions in 1900 and 1906 respectively. Stein found fragments of manuscripts, pottery and plaster in Balawaste, around 94 pieces found by Stein can be combined to form a sequence of life-size Buddhas, Bodhisattvas and divine beings.
The site is dated to around 600AD based on the clothing style of the divine beings in the paintings found there.
Notable Texts
Khotan's important location on the Silk Road was not the only draw for traveling Buddhist monks. The monasteries that existed within the kingdom were famous for their expansive libraries with translated copies of classic Mahayana texts, such as the Flower Adornment Sutra and the Golden Light Sutra. Even though the Khotanese possessed works that were entirely indigenous in origin, some of their more important collections were translated works that would have otherwise been lost to the Western World.
The Book of Zambasta
Similar to the message of the Sanghata Sutra, the Khotanese believed that all people are connected to enlightenment and that no one is estranged from the cycle of reincarnation. To reflect their own interpretations of Mahayana Buddhism, the Khotanese wrote their interpretations of Siddhartha Gautama's message through fables. This is best seen through The Book of Zambasta, a miscellany of philosophy and tales involving the Bodhisattva. The book dates from the 8th century and, while the final length of Zambasta likely exceeded 4000 lines of verse on 440 folios, only 207 folios have been found thus far. As many artifacts from the Buddhist era of Khotan have been looted from their original sites and sold in antique shops to European visitors, it is likely that pages of the manuscript have disappeared. This makes a complete translation of the book very difficult.
From what has been recovered, it is clear that the book has no singular story line, but rather comprises a vast collection of native interpretations of concepts common in Buddhist philosophy. These include, but are not limited to:
A fable about (love)
A cautionary tale about the world being merely a (false assumption)
The doctrine of (emptiness)
The (equipment for enlightenment), which consists of the six (perfections) and compassion
The (moral restraint) necessary for Bodhisattvas and the ceremony for formal undertaking of the vow to observe restraint.
The book was also famous for its sūtra-styled ("Thus I have heard...") fable about the spring. It begins with a beautiful description of spring and the effects it has on younger monks. The Buddha brings them to a cemetery, where they are reminded of the impermanence of pleasures in this life.
Translations of Lost Works
Similar to the Book of Zambasta, the Jatakastava chronicles the Buddha's previous lives as both human and animal. While reliving these past lives, Siddhartha Gautama looks back and talks to themselves about the lessons and the characteristics they had to learn prior to becoming the Buddha. The concise nature of Khotanese texts could especially be seen here, as multiple tales are quickly told within only 26 pages. The origins of the Jatakastava caused some debate within the field of Buddhist studies. While some scholars argue that the Jatakastava was written and first published in the Kingdom of Khotan, recent evidence suggests that the Jatakastava is not an original text from Khotan, but rather a translation of an older text, presumably one written in Sanskrit. Regardless, since the Jatakastava written in its original language has been lost, the Khotanese translation is the oldest surviving manuscript.
The Sanghata Sutra was another text that was saved thanks to an early Khotanese translation that dates as early as the 5th century C.E. The sutra argues that all sentient beings are connected to enlightenment. Because everyone is connected to the goal enlightenment, one would never have to worry about being disconnected from the path of enlightenment. Since those who recite the sutra reportedly recite the exact words that the Buddha spoke during their lifetime, the person who recites the text offers their or their voice to serve as a channel by which the Buddha's presence within their teachings can spread across the world. Prior to the discovery of the Sanskrit original in 1931 the Khotanese translation was the oldest surviving manuscript of the sutra. While it was most popular within Central Asia, the sutra's influence has since expanded to become an integral part of Tibetan and Chinese Buddhism as well, as more localized and more expansive translations have been found within those societies.
See also
Index of Buddhism-related articles
Khotan
Kingdom of Khotan
Tibetan Buddhism
Rawak Stupa
Sanghata Sutra
Faxian
Xuanzang
Silk Road transmission of Buddhism
References
Khotan
History of Xinjiang
The Battle of Sand Butte or the Thomas Massacre was a clash between the Modoc Indians and the United States 12th Infantry Regiment in the Modoc War. A small force of US troops were ambushed and nearly wiped out by Modoc warriors led by Scarface Charley. Ten days after the battle, the dead bodies of the soldiers were discovered by a patrol.
References
MHQ Summer 2011: Fooled Again by Peter E. Cozzens
Indians of the Pacific Northwest: A History by Robert H. Ruby and John A. Brown
Sand Butte
Sand Butte
Native American history of California
Sand Butte
1873 in California
April 1873 events
Afioga Toleafoa Talitimu (died October 1980) was a Western Samoan songwriter and politician. They were a member of the Legislative Assembly in three spells between 1964 and their death, also serving as Speaker from 1973 until 1975.
Biography
Talitimu was one of three well-known Iiga songwriter brothers, alongside Gatoloai Peseta Sio. They were elected to the Legislative Assembly from the Fa'asaleleaga No. 3 constituency in 1964. They were defeated by Su'a Aloese in the 1967 elections and unsuccessfully challenged them again in 1970.
In the 1973 elections they defeated Aloese by six votes. Following the elections, they were elected Speaker with 28 votes, defeating Leaupepe Faimaala (12) and Teo Fetu (6). However, they lost their seat in the 1976 elections when they were defeated by Unasa Ioane. In the 1979 elections they returned to the Legislative Assembly, and was a candidate for the deputy speakership, losing by 23 votes to 24 to Aeau Taulupoo.
They died in Faga on Savai'i island in October 1980 at the age of 62.
References
Samoan musicians
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
1980 deaths
Christian Garup Meidell (30 January 1780 – 19 March 1863) was a Norwegian military officer and politician.
They were born in Balestrand as the son of Jacob Gerhard Meidell (1735–1796) and their wife Birgitte Munthe Finde (1754–1789). They married Marie Helene Hille (1799–1871) from Lærdal, and they had ten children.
They took their education in Copenhagen, and embarked on a military career. They eventually became lieutenant colonel, serving from 1839 to 1854.
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1827, representing the constituency of Nordre Bergenhus Amt. They served only one term. They had served as a deputy representative in 1824. They were also the first mayor of Leikanger municipality, serving in 1838 and 1839.
References
1780 births
1863 deaths
Members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Sogn og Fjordane
Norwegian Army personnel
Norwegian military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
19th-century Norwegian military personnel
People from Balestrand
19th-century Norwegian politicians
The Ontario Historical Society is a non-profit organization centred on the preservation of Ontario's history. It is governed by an all-volunteer board of directors, and its members include individuals as well as historical institutions from across the province of Ontario. It also publishes Ontario History, a scholarly, peer-reviewed journal. From 1899 to 1947, the journal was called Papers and Records. The Ontario Historical Society headquarters are located at the John McKenzie House in the Willowdale neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario.
History
The Ontario Historical Society, originally called the Pioneer and Historical Association of Ontario, was established on September 4, 1888 largely through the efforts of Reverend Henry Scadding. It initially operated as a federation of local groups and was primarily concerned with the promotion of British-Canadian nationalism through the study of history. Reorganized in 1898 and incorporated with an expanded mandate the following year, the Society became increasingly involved in the movement to preserve archival records and historic sites. It also assumed more scholarly pursuits, including a publication program, in addition to encouraging and coordinating the activities of local historical associations and museums. Today the Society continues to preserve, interpret and publicize Ontario's heritage.
Affiliated Societies
The Ontario Historical Society is the only non-profit organization in North America with the ability to incorporate other non-profit organizations. It was given this power in 1899. Since then, the Society has incorporated hundreds of smaller historical institutions.
John McKenzie House
The John McKenzie House, a three-storey brick structure, located north of Sheppard Avenue, just east of Yonge Street, was constructed in 1913 as the second Willowdale home of a pioneer family. The house is located on lot 18, concession 1, East Yonge Street, on property deeded to Jacob Cummer in 1801. In 1884, a portion of the original property was sold to Philip McKenzie (John's father) who was an English immigrant trained as a carpenter and casket maker.
Philip and their wife, Sarah Thompson, of Whitchurch Township, moved originally into the old Cummer farmhouse, a -storey brick Georgian style dwelling. This house, built about 1840, was located between Parkview and Norton Avenues and faced west to Yonge Street. When Philip McKenzie died, John ran the farm and specialized in Holstein cattle until the local economy for farmers began to deteriorate. John then decided to subdivide the farm, and in 1912, registered the "Empress Subdivision" that was to become the heart of modern east Willowdale as the area was transformed from a rural village to a suburban community.
In 1913, John and their wife, Eva, chose a large lot on the rise of land just east of Yonge Street on Parkview Avenue as the site for their new home. Built in a style which has been described as Queen Anne Revival, Arts and Crafts, and Edwardian, this red brick house contains 12 rooms and 3 bathrooms. The front of the house is profiled by a grand L-shaped, wrap-around verandah with stylized Doric columns. A large attached coach house was converted to accommodate automobiles and has a recreation room above. Significant interior features include the centre hall plan, a vestibule door and sidelights with bevelled leaded glass, a large leaded art glass window which lights the landing of the main staircase, two sunrooms, panelled doors and wainscotting, strip hardwood flooring and radiators. From their farm, the McKenzies retained the 1907 brick milk house, and built a stable in 1915 and a coach house in 1918.
By the 1990s, the house had fallen into disrepair and was slated to be demolished. Following an extensive fundraising campaign, The Ontario Historical Society restored all four buildings, and obtained protection for the house as a designated heritage site under the Ontario Heritage Act. It is now the headquarters of The Ontario Historical Society. A research-reference library can also be found above the coach-house, containing thousands of books pertinent to Ontario's history.
Notable members
Henry Scadding
Ernest Alexander Cruikshank
Fred Landon
J.M.S. Careless
David Boyle
James Henry Coyne
Ian E. Wilson
References
Historic preservation organizations in Canada
Historical societies of Canada
Got Koko (foaled January 25, 1999 in Texas, died 2009) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse, one of only three horses bred in the State of Texas to ever win a Grade 1 stakes. They were bred by Eileen H. Hartis who sold them for $30,000 at the 2000 Keeneland September yearling sale to trainer Bruce Headley who sold a twenty-five percent interest in the filly to Paul Leung for $25,000.
Conditioned for racing by Bruce Headley, Got Koko raced under the name of their wife Aase and Paul Leung. In 2003, Got Koko became just the third-ever winner of the La Cañada Series for fillies at Santa Anita Park since its inception in 1975. The three-race series consists of the La Brea, El Encino and La Cañada Stakes for newly turning/turned 4-year old fillies run at an increasing distance. In addition, in winning the 2003 Lady's Secret Breeders' Cup Handicap, Got Koko defeated American Horse of the Year Azeri who came into the race having won eleven straight races. Got Koko went on to finish third to winner Adoration in the Breeders' Cup Distaff.
Got Koko returned to racing in January 2004, finishing third in the Grade I Santa Monica Handicap. An ankle injury kept them out of racing until September 2004 when the decision was made to retire them Two months later they were sold to Jess Jackson through Emmanuel de Seroux's Narvic International agency for US$1.5 million at the November Keeneland Sales.
Bred to A.P. Indy, Got Koko produced their first foal in 2006 named Koko Pop. They died while giving birth to a foal by Bernardini.
References
Got Koko's pedigree and partial racing stats
November 6, 2004 Thoroughbred Times article titled Mileposts: Small Texas breeder Hartis hits jackpot without spending big bucks
Got Koko at the NTRA
1999 racehorse births
2009 racehorse deaths
Thoroughbred family 1-n
Racehorses bred in Texas
Racehorses trained in the United States
Tapley is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Chase Tapley (born 1991), American basketball player
Colin Tapley (1907–1995), New Zealand actor
Amanda Tapley (contemporary), American beauty queen; Miss Alabama 2008
Colin Tapley (1907–1995), New Zealand-born British actor
Daisy Tapley (1882-1925), Contralto and Activist
Harold Livingstone Tapley (1875–1932), New Zealand politician
John Tapley (1911–1956), American Negro league baseball player
Rose Tapley (1881–1956), American stage and film actor
David Tapley (born 1990), Lead singer, Irish Band Tandem Felix
Fictional characters
Mark Tapley, body-servant to Martin Chuzzlewit, in Dickens's novel of the same name
Jane Holtz Kay (born Jane Holtz; July 7, 1938, Boston – died November 4, 2012) was an American urban design and architecture critic. A columnist for The Nation, The Boston Globe and The New York Times, they authored three books on the conservation of natural and urban environments, most notably Asphalt Nation: How the Automobile Took Over America and How We Can Take It Back.
Kay grew up in the Boston suburb of Brookline with their younger sister, Ellen. After graduating from Buckingham School, they studied at Radcliffe College, majoring in American history.
In 1960, they wrote their senior thesis on the historian and urban critic Lewis Mumford. Their writings became a big influence on hers, and they visited them several times in the following decades. Kay began their career in journalism as a reporter for The Patriot Ledger, based in Quincy, Massachusetts, but later worked primarily as a freelance writer and author.
Kay wrote columns for The Nation and The Boston Globe, and contributed several articles to The New York Times "design notebook" column. Them first book, Lost Boston, was published in 1980. It portrays buildings in Boston which had been demolished to build malls, roads or parking spaces. It was followed by Preserving New England (1986), which they had written with Pauline Chase Harrell. Them most influential book, however, is Asphalt Nation: How the Automobile Took Over America and How We Can Take It Back, a critique of the car's dominance on American culture published in 1997. In 1991, Kay had sold their car and moved to the Back Bay neighborhood of Boston.
Death
Jane Holtz Kay died November 4, 2012 at the Springhouse Senior Community in Jamaica Plain, aged 74, from Alzheimer's disease.
Books
1980: Lost Boston. Boston: Houghton Mifflin; .
1986: Preserving New England: Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine. New York: Pantheon Books; (with Pauline Chase Harrell)
1997: Asphalt Nation: How the Automobile Took Over America and How We Can Take It Back. New York: Crown Publishers; .
References
External links
Official website
1938 births
2012 deaths
American architecture writers
People from Brookline, Massachusetts
Writers from Boston
Radcliffe College alumni
The Boston Globe people
The Nation (U.S. magazine) people
The New York Times columnists
American women columnists
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Neurological disease deaths in Massachusetts
Buckingham Browne & Nichols School alumni
American women non-fiction writers
People from Jamaica Plain
21st-century American women
James H. Sills Jr. (born 1931) is an American politician who served as the first African-American mayor of Wilmington, Delaware. They previously served in the Delaware House of Representatives from 1984 to 1992.
Biography
Sills are born in North Carolina in 1931. In 1959, they moved to Wilmington with their wife where they worked for the Family Court of Delaware and served as president of the Wilmington NAACP. From 1972 until 1997, they taught at the University of Delaware. They were founding director of the Urban Agent Program and in 1987, they founded the Delaware Community Reinvestment Action Council. In 1978, they successfully supervised the school desegregation of Wilmington schools. In the 1970s, they were elected to the New Castle County School Board and later served as its president. They served on the Wilmington City Council. From 1984 until 1992, they were served as the representative for the Third District in the Delaware House of Representatives. In 1992, they defeated two-term mayor Daniel Frawley in the Wilmington mayoral primary and then went on to defeat activist Beatrice Patton Carroll in the November general election. They were the first African-American to serve as mayor of Wilmington. They were reelected in 1996 with 61% of the vote. In 2000, they were defeated by James M. Baker.
Their son, James Sills III L, currently serves as President and CEO of Mechanics and Farmers Bank in Durham, North Carolina.
Personal life
 They are married to Evelyn Prescott Sills; they have three children, James H. Sills III, Mark Sills, and Julie Sills.
References
1931 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Mayors of Wilmington, Delaware
20th-century African-American people
African-American mayors in Delaware
The Kinarri 16 was the ARRI's first 16mm camera, released in 1928.
Function
The Kinarri 16 was first released as a hand cranked version, in a round camera body. The crank was on the right side and the framerate was obviously completely manually adjusted, by how quickly the cinematographer turned the crank. On the left side there was a foldout direct optical viewfinder with a crosshair. The left side could be removed to load the film into the camera. The internal magazine took 100 ft (30meters). The Kinarri 16 had a fixed 25mm lens.
The overall design was very similar to the Kinarri 35, which was released four years earlier. Arri produced this camera for the amateur market.
Shortly after a spring-wound model was released, this one had a cubic camera body, and the option of adding an external magazine. The direct optical viewfinder was replaced by a glass prism on the top of the camera.
The name is a portmantau of the German word for "cinema" ("kino") and the manufacturer's name, Arri.
References
External links
Left: picture of the hand crank Kinarri 16, right: the spring wound one
Video of the hand cranked Kinarri 16
Footage of a documentary filmmaker with a Kinarri 16
Movie cameras
The 2013–14 Football League Cup (known as the Capital One Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the 54th season of the Football League Cup, a knock-out competition for the top 92 football clubs played in English football league system. Swansea City were the defending champions, but were eliminated by Birmingham City in the 3rd round.
Numbers within brackets represented a team's league level in the 2013–14 season, level 1 being the Premier League, level 2 the Championship, and so on.
On 16 December 2013, it was announced that goal-line technology would be used in three of the four quarter-finals and any subsequent matches in the Capital One Cup. The system was used the very next day, in the Sunderland – Chelsea quarter-final, in which an own-goal from Lee Cattermole was allowed.
The cup was won by Manchester City who defeated Sunderland 3–1 in the final. This was their first League Cup trophy since 1976 and their third win overall.
First round
The draw for the first round took place on 17 June 2013 at 09:30 BST. Ties were played during the week commencing 5 August 2013.
Second round
The draw for the second round took place on 8 August 2013 at 12:30 BST. All the Premier League clubs that were not partaking in European competition (UEFA Champions League or Europa League) entered in this round along with Reading who were one of the two best relegated teams from the prior season. Wigan Athletic, who were the other of the two best relegated teams did not enter in this round, due to winning the FA Cup and thus a place in the UEFA Europa League. They entered in the third round. All ties were played during the week commencing 26 August 2013.
Third round
The draw for the third round took place live on Sky Sports on 28 August 2013. All the clubs partaking in European competition (holders Swansea City, Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal, Tottenham Hotspur and Wigan Athletic) entered here, as well as the winning teams from the second round. Only Crystal Palace from the Premier League failed to make it to the third round, and only Bristol City, Swindon Town, Peterborough United and Tranmere Rovers remained from League One.
Fourth round
The draw for the fourth round took place on 25 September 2013 live on Sky Sports.
All ties were originally to be played during the week commencing 28 October 2013, but the game between Sunderland and Southampton was later moved to 6 November 2013. Birmingham City, Burnley and Leicester City were the only teams outside of the Premier League left in the competition, all three compete in the Championship.
Fifth round
The draw for the fifth round took place on 30 October 2013. All ties were played during the week commencing 16 December 2013. Leicester City, who compete in the Championship, were the only team outside of the Premier League left in the competition.
Semi-finals
The draw for the semi-finals took place on 18 December 2013 after the televised game between Stoke City and Manchester United.
First leg
Second leg
Final
Top scorers
Broadcasting rights
The domestic broadcasting rights for the competition were held by the subscription channel Sky Sports, who have held rights to the competition since 1996–97. During this season Sky had exclusive live broadcasting rights.
These matches were broadcast live by Sky Sports on television:
References
EFL Cup seasons
Football League Cup
Football League Cup
Cup
Ryan Edward Upchurch (born May 24, 1991), known professionally as Upchurch, Ryan Upchurch and formerly known as Upchurch The Redneck, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and comedian from Cheatham County, Tennessee, on the outskirts of Nashville, Tennessee. Upchurch became popular primarily as a comedian, creating videos on various platforms to garner support and fans. They sold merchandise and coined the phrase “raise hell and eat cornbread." Originally considered a "country rapper," Ryan Upchurch has diversified into many genres including rap, rock, and country.
Music career
Upchurch began uploading videos to YouTube. They released an extended play, Cheatham County, in 2015, followed by a full-length album, Heart of America, in 2016. Both releases reached the top 30 of the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. Heart of America sold 1,300 copies in its first week of release.
The second full-length album, Chicken Willie, was released in August 2016. It reached No. 22 on Billboard's Top Country Albums and No. 11 on the Rap Albums charts, selling 2,800 copies in the first week. In 2017 Upchurch released another EP titled Summer Love, which is completely country-oriented, with no elements of rap music; and another studio album titled Son of the South. Summer Love debuted at No. 33 in the Top Country Albums chart with 3,700 copies sold, while Son of the South debuted at No. 29 with 48,100 copies sold.
Upchurch's fifth studio album, King of Dixie, was released on November 10, 2017, and features 19 tracks. Upchurch's first rock album, Creeker, was released on April 20 which was focused on rock with few rap elements. Their August 2018 release, Supernatural, a rap-focused album with some country elements, peaked at No. 6 on Billboard's Top Country Albums. Their December 2018 album, River Rat, peaked at No. 22.
Upchurch released their next album, Creeker II in April 2019, featuring 10 songs such as Gassed Up, and Hillbilly Psycho. Later in 2019 they released Parachute on September 24.
Discography
Albums
Extended plays
Charted songs
Music videos
References
External links
1991 births
American country singer-songwriters
American male rappers
American male singer-songwriters
Country musicians from Tennessee
Country rap musicians
Living people
People from Cheatham County, Tennessee
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
Comedians from Tennessee
Country rock musicians
Southern hip hop musicians
Rap rock musicians
Nufarm is an Australian agricultural chemical company headquartered in Melbourne, Australia. Established in 1956, the company was founded by Max Fremder. It holds more than 2,100 product registrations, and markets products in more than 100 countries around the world.
The company is a manufacturer of phenoxies, a class of herbicides that controls and eradicates broadleaved weeds. These products are manufactured in globally networked facilities in Australia, England, Austria and the Netherlands.
A large range of other crop protection products are produced in manufacturing facilities in Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe, Africa and America.
Nufarm has also developed a position in the turf and specialty markets (lawn care, golf courses, municipal parks, aquatic and forestry weed control).
Nufarm is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (symbol NUF) and its head office is located at Laverton in Melbourne. As at close on Friday 4 October 2019, its ordinary share capital was valued at AUD$6.49, implying a market capitalisation of AUD$2.45 billion.
History
Nufarm was established in Melbourne, Australia during the mid 1950s by Max Fremder. They began selling phenoxy herbicides to professional spray applicators in regional Victoria.
Between the mid 1980s and early 2000s, Nufarm was a subsidiary of New Zealand-based Fernz Corporation. The Nufarm crop protection business continued to grow and expand during that period, with several overseas locations established throughout the 1990s.
In 2000, Fernz migrated the incorporation of the company from New Zealand to Australia and in the process changed the group's name to Nufarm Limited. Since that time, the company has focused on building a global platform for its core crop protection business and has divested various industrial and specialty chemical businesses.
Various acquisitions and solid organic growth have seen the business rapidly expand. Nufarm is now ranked the 9th largest crop protection company in the world, with a clear leadership position in Australia and substantial operations in North and South America, Europe, New Zealand and Asia.
On 30 September 2019 Nufarm announced the sale of all its South American crop protection and seed treatment operations to Sumitomo Chemical for $1,188 million.
Board of directors
Donald McGauchie AO, (Chairman)
Greg Hunt (Managing Director and CEO)
Anne Brennan
Gordon Davis
Frank Ford
Dr Bruce Goodfellow
Peter Margin
Toshikazu Takasaki
References
Chemical companies of Australia
Agriculture companies of Australia
Companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Chemical companies established in 1956
Australian companies established in 1956
Quentin Jacquet is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from France.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1991 births
French motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Galateia (), known before 1926 as Chor (), is a village and a community of the Eordaia municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Ptolemaida, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 393 inhabitants in the village.
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
The Maphumulo Local Municipality council consists of twenty-three members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Twelve councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in twelve wards, while the remaining eleven are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
In the election of 3 August 2016 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of thirteen seats on the council. The party lost its majority in the election of 1 November 2021, obtaining a plurality of eleven seats as the council expanded from twenty-two to twenty-three members.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Maphumulo
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
Antonio Barbalonga or Barbalunga (1600 – 2 November 1649), also called Antonio Alberti, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
They were a member of the noble family of the Alberti, born at Messina, and was there instructed in painting by Simone Comandé. They went to Rome, where they became a pupil of Domenichino, whose style they imitated with great skill.
Barbalonga executed a great number of paintings for churches, their chief work being the Conversion of St. Paul for the convent church of St. Anna at Messina. They painted in Rome for both the Church of the Theatines (San Silvestro al Quirinale) for the church of Sant' Andrea della Valle, and for the church of San Silvestro in Capite in Rome. In Messina, they painted a St. Gregory'‘ for the church of San Gregorio, and an Assumption'' for the S. Michèle in Messina.
Other works exist in Rome, Palermo, and Madrid. They died at Messina. Domenico Maroli was one of their pupils.
References
1600 births
1649 deaths
Painters from Messina
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian Baroque painters
Brian Johnson (born April 1, 1960 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who played one season in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings.
Johnson spent four seasons in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League with the Verdun/Sorel Éperviers and the Sherbrooke Beavers before signing with the Detroit Red Wings in 1980. They had spells in the American Hockey League with the Adirondack Red Wings and the Central Hockey League with the Dallas Black Hawks before making their debut for Detroit during the 1983-84 NHL season, playing a total of three regular season games, going pointless with five penalty minutes. After spells with the Carolina Thunderbirds and the Indianapolis Checkers, Johnson retired in 1986.
On April 16, 2012, Brian Johnson was sentenced to 4 years in prison for trafficking cocaine in Saint John, New Brunswick.
Career statistics
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Adirondack Red Wings players
Black Canadian ice hockey players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Carolina Thunderbirds players
Dallas Black Hawks players
Detroit Red Wings players
Sherbrooke Castors players
Sportspeople from Montreal
Indianapolis Checkers players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Majaa Talkies (Kannada: ಮಜಾ ಟಾಕೀಸ್) is an Indian sketch comedy show that premiered on ETV Kannada (now Colors Kannada) on 7 February 2015. The episodes focus on comical scripts and usually feature celebrity guests who are invited on the show to promote their latest films in the comedy-focused talk show format. The show became Karnataka's highest rated scripted TV show in June 2015. As of September 2015, the show achieved maximum TRP and clinched the number one spot in Kannada television.
The show is hosted and directed by Srujan Lokesh, a popular artist of the Kannada Cinema. The format of the show was said to be based on a popular Hindi show aired on Colors TV, Comedy Nights with Kapil hosted by Kapil Sharma. However, Srujan Lokesh considers it as a sequel to Maja with Sruja, a comedy show that aired on Asianet Suvarna during 2010-11, hosted by Srujan himself.
The cast of the show includes filmmaker Indrajit Lankesh as a permanent celebrity judge and few veterans in the field of Kannada Cinema and Theatre such as Mimicry Dayanand, V Manohar and Mandya Ramesh. V Manohar has also composed the title song for the show. The set for the show has been created at Kanteerava Studios, Bengaluru and episodes are shot here. The show broadcasts on Saturdays and Sundays on Colors Kannada at 8:00 PM IST. All episodes will also become available online in full length on the official YouTube channel of Colors Kannada and the online streaming platform Voot after the original airing. Since Colors Kannada launched the HD simulcast version of the channel on 1 May 2016, Majaa Talkies is now available in HD format also. Episode 124 was the first episode to be aired in HD. The show has seen almost all celebrities of Kannada film industry. The 25th episode was attended by Sudeep. 50th episode - Darshan . 75th episode - Arjun Sarja and Dhruva Sarja. 100th episode - Shiva Rajkumar. 150th episode - Shubha Poonja and Nabha Natesh. 200th episode was celebrated very grandly and a series of actors and actores were a part of the grand celebration. 250th episode - Puneeth Rajkumar. Currently season 2 is On-Air Named Majaa Takies Super Season
Cast
The cast of the show mainly contains Srujan Lokesh, Indrajit Lankesh, Shwetha Chengappa, Aparna, Mimicry Dayanand and V Manohar with permanent characters. Pavan Kumar, Rajashekhar and many other artists have no fixed character and play different characters as per the scripts. Mandya Ramesh, Kuri Prathap and Naveen Padil were added to the main cast later in the show with permanent characters. Recurring cast with fixed characters include Vandana Dayanand and Rajini. The table below briefs about the cast and characters in detail.
Characters are listed in the order of their introduction on the show.
Band
The band of the show is referred as Noise Pollution by Srujan. Rekha Mohan (referred as ReMo) leads the band and they have appeared in most of the episodes. They sing various songs, sometimes with adaptions to the original lyrics suitable for the script. They often get involved as a part of the script in the show. Usha Kokila has taken the lead in the absence of ReMo a few times. The band includes Mohan Karkala with the keyboard, Kamal Bob with the rhythm pad and two guitarists. ReMo and Mohan are often included in staged segments and are usually taunted at by Srujan on the show. Other artists have also performed along with ReMo in the band.
House set
From the inaugural episode, the show is shot in a set resembling a house created at Kanteerava Studios at Bengaluru. The set depicts a typical living area of a modern house complete with luxury seating for guests, a wall of the room which is said to be Rani's, through the door of which they usually enter the hall, a kitchen, a staircase connecting to the upper part of the house where Rajini is shown to be living in. Multiple ways exist to enter the hall; including the back hallway behind the seating through which Srujan usually enters. An area beside kitchen is reserved for the band and a solo seating is placed for Indrajith Lankesh to the opposite of the main set.
The set was revamped from episode 150 and an entirely new house was created reflecting a luxurious apartment. It is said that the people behind the creation of the new set were the same who worked on the set of Comedy Nights with Kapil. The new set appears bigger than the old one with inclusions of a new fireplace behind the guest seating, new entry points and a new staircase. A television appears above the new fireplace. The kitchen has been removed and a large window is placed in the background wall.
Episodes
The episodes are usually one hour long with commercials, air from 8:00 PM to 9:00 PM on weekends. The format followed included a scripted act from the cast in the initial segment followed by the segment that introduced and interacted with the guests invited for the episode. This was slightly altered after the introduction of the new house for the show where the guests are now introduced at the beginning and all the scripted acts proceed with them in the background, sometimes involving them. The guests usually would be from an upcoming movie for its promotion through the show. Apart from movie promotions, the show also features guests from other respects.
The show often airs two-hour special episodes touted as 'Mega Episodes' from 8:00 PM to 10:00 PM. The episode run time would be around 90 minutes excluding the commercial slots. This is usually done when the timeslot for the next day's episode would be unavailable due to various reasons. Some one-hour episodes continue for the next day, making them a two-day special episode. Several special episodes and crossovers in conjunction with other shows broadcast on Colors Kannada have also been aired.
It was earlier said in a press meet that there will be 104 episodes in the first season by Srujan Lokesh himself. However, the show has crossed 104 episodes.
Special episodes and spin-offs
Awards and nominations
Sponsorships
The show had numerous sponsors from the launch. The usual pattern followed included a primary and a secondary sponsor for the show. For few episodes, the show even grabbed two secondary sponsors when the viewership was at its peak.
Trivia
Majaa Talkies is Srujan Lokesh's second comedy show after Maja with Sruja which was aired during 2010-11.
The show is Srujan Lokesh's first directorial initiative.
This is the fourth production for Lokesh Productions, however first of its genre, the three other productions being game shows and reality shows.
Vandana Dayanand, who plays Honey, the daughter of Dayanand, is the real life daughter of Mimicry Dayanand.
Arun Sagar and Srujan Lokesh who were the pioneers of sketch comedy in Kannada; have been the contestants of Season 1 and Season 2 of Bigg Boss Kannada respectively, both ending up as runners-up.
The show contains references to Sunny Leone very often. Indrajith Lankesh is often teased as brother of Sunny by Srujan. This is because Indrajith directed a movie in which Sunny Leone was roped in to perform in an item number with Srujan Lokesh.
History
During 2009-10, director Vijaya Prasad who was well known for their famous directorial venture Silli Lalli put Srujan Lokesh in the lead and started a satire comedy show called Maja with Sruja which was aired on Asianet Suvarna Though Vijaya Prasad appeared in few episodes, their identity was never revealed in the show. Srujan Lokesh hosted the show and veterans like Mimicry Dayanand, Arun Sagar and Antony Kamal were a part of the comedy focused talk show. Celebrities were being invited for casual talk as well as film promotions. The show ended in 2011 despite being highly appreciated by the viewers. Srujan Lokesh hinted about a new season in the finale episode of Maja with Sruja but this did not happen. Srujan Lokesh then became busy with their home production Lokesh Productions and produced different shows including Kaasige Toss and Chota Champion. They also hosted and judged a cookery reality show Kitchen Kiladigalu with Sihi Kahi Chandru in 2012. Later in 2013, Arun Sagar was roped in as a contestant for Season 1 of Bigg Boss Kannada by ETV Kannada where they stood out as the runner-up of the season. Vijaya Prasad started another sketch comedy show on ETV Kannada titled Comedy Circle with Arun Sagar, after they came back from the Bigg Boss house, Though this show appeared to be reincarnation of Maja with Sruja with all the recurring characters, it missed Srujan Lokesh on the show. The casting was expanded for the show, which included Arun Sagar, Shalini Sathyanarayan, Mimicry Dayanand, Antony Kamal, Mimicry Gopi, Mithra, and Girija Lokesh (Srujan Lokesh's mother) in the main cast. For unknown reasons, Arun Sagar was present only for first few episodes. Later, Shalini took up the hosting for Comedy Circle and the show successfully completed around 40 episodes. It is notable that, during the telecast of Comedy Circle, Srujan Lokesh was inside the Bigg Boss house as a contestant for the Season 2 of Bigg Boss Kannada which was aired on Asianet Suvarna. Srujan also ended up as the runner-up of the season.
References
External links
Indian television shows
Kannada-language television shows
2015 Indian television series debuts
Colors Kannada original programming
Wilders is an unincorporated community in Dewey Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
Wilders, or Wilder Station, was once located at the junction of two railroads. Wilders contained a post office from 1889 until 1933.
Geography
Wilders is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Ministry of Justice of the United Arab Emirates was created in 1971, shortly after the federal government was established. The ministry oversees the court system of the United Arab Emirates and any associated prosecutorial services. Other responsibilities include appointing judges and providing licenses to attorneys, translators, and legal experts.
List of ministers
Abdullah Omran Taryam (1971-1972) [1st Minister of Justice]
Ahmad ibn Sultan al-Qasimi (1972-1976)
Muhammed 'Abd Al-Rahman Al-Bakr (1977-1983)
Abdallah Hamid Al-Mazrui (1984-1989)
Muhammed bin Ahmad bin Hasan Al-Khazraji (1990) [referred to as the Minister of Justice & Islamic Affairs]
Abdullah Omran Taryam (1990-1997)
Muhammed Nakhira Al-Dhahiri (1997-2008)
Hadef Joua'an Al Dhahiri (2008-2013)
Sultan Saeed Al Badi (2014– )
Abdullah bin Sultan bin Awad al Nuaimi
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of the United Arab Emirates
References
Justice ministries
Government of the United Arab Emirates
Turner County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9006. The county seat is Ashburn. The county was created on August 18, 1905, and named for Henry Gray Turner, U.S. representative and Georgia state Supreme Court justice.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water.
The eastern two-thirds of Turner County, from just west of Interstate 75 heading east, are located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The southern and western portion of the county are located in the Little River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin. The entire western edge of Turner County is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
State Route 7
State Route 32
State Route 32 Connector
State Route 90
State Route 107
State Route 112
State Route 159
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
Adjacent counties
Wilcox County (northeast)
Ben Hill County (east)
Irwin County (east)
Tift County (southeast)
Worth County (southwest)
Crisp County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 9,006 people, 3,169 households, and 2,297 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 8,930 people, 3,339 households, and 2,308 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,841 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.7% white, 41.6% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 2.2% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.3% were American, 9.4% were English, and 6.1% were Irish.
Of the 3,339 households, 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.9% were married couples living together, 19.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.9% were non-families, and 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 38.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,763 and the median income for a family was $40,446. Males had a median income of $33,536 versus $22,835 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,973. About 22.8% of families and 25.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.2% of those under age 18 and 15.4% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Ashburn (county seat)
Rebecca
Sycamore
Notable people
Turner County is home to Paramedics Curtis Pylant and Brian Meadows who were awarded the Georgia Department of Public Health's first ever Medal of Honor for risking their lives to save a victim's life in a vehicle crash during a dramatic rescue.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Turner County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1905
The water castle of Bourtzi (, from Ottoman Turkish برج - burc meaning "tower"; formerly Καστέλι, Kasteli) is a Venetian castle located in the middle of the harbour of Nafplio.
See also
Bourtzi (disambiguation)
References
External links
Buildings and structures completed in 1473
Castles in the Peloponnese
Venetian fortifications in Greece
Nafplion
Tourist attractions in Peloponnese (region)
Water castles
15th-century architecture in Greece
Robin Henry Charles Neville, 10th Baron Braybrooke (29 January 1932 – 5 June 2017) was a British peer and military officer. They served as Lord Lieutenant of Essex from 1992 until 2000.
Biography
Robin Henry Charles Neville was born on 29 January 1932 as the only son of Henry Seymour Neville, 9th Baron Braybrooke and Muriel Evelyn Manning. When they were seven years old, during World War II, they were evacuated to Llandovery, Carmarthenshire in South West Wales and stayed at the home of a retired guard of the Great Western Railway. While staying in Llandovery they developed an interest in railways. They later had a miniature railway built at Audley End.
They were educated at Eton College and served in the Rifle Brigade. From 1951 to 1952 they served in the 3rd Battalion King's African Rifles in Kenya and Malaya. When they returned to England after their military service, they studied history at Magdalene College, Cambridge, graduating in 1955. They held honorary degrees from the University of Essex and Anglia Ruskin University.
Braybrooke had only a life interest in the Audley End Estate due to a will trust created by the 7th Baron. The current beneficiaries of Audley End Estate are (but not limited to) the heirs general of the only daughter of the 7th Baron.
A trained pilot, they operated a small airfield on the Audley End Estate called the Audley End International Aerodome. Audley End House was sold to English Heritage in 1948 by the trustees of the estate in tenure of the 9th Baron Braybrooke. Lord Braybrooke became Deputy Lieutenant of Essex from 1980 to 1992.
Lord Braybrooke was married three times. In 1955 they married their first wife, Robin, with whom they had five daughters: Amanda Muriel May Neville, Caroline Emma Neville, Henrietta Jane Neville, Victoria Neville, and Arabella Neville. One of their daughters from their first marriage, Henrietta, died in a riding accident. They had three daughters with their second wife, Linda: Sara Lucy Neville, Emma Charlotte Neville, and Lucinda Octavia Neville. They married their third wife, Perina (née Courtauld), in 1998.
They succeeded their father and became the 10th Baron Braybrooke in 1990. From 1992 to 2000 they served as Lord Lieutenant of Essex.
They died on 5 June 2017 at Abbey House near Saffron Walden. A private funeral was held at the Church of St Mary the Virgin on 21 July 2017. They were succeeded to the Barony by their third cousin, Richard Neville. On their death the life interest in the 6,500 acre Audley End Estate transferred to Louise Newman, the granddaughter of the 7th Baron Braybrooke. Their eldest daughter, Amanda, criticised primogeniture, which stops daughters from inheriting titles where the original letters patent specify that it may be inherited by males only.
References
1932 births
2017 deaths
Barons Braybrooke
Lord-Lieutenants of Essex
Alumni of Magdalene College, Cambridge
People educated at Eton College
Rifle Brigade soldiers
King's African Rifles officers
Robin
The 2013–14 Meralco Bolts season is the 4th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Key dates
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
Draft picks
Roster
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
|- bgcolor="#edbebf"
| 1
| November 17
| Talk 'N Text
| 80–89
| David (26)
| Dillinger (9)
| Cortez (7)
| Cebu Coliseum
| 0–1
| Boxscore
|- bgcolor="#edbebf"
| 2
| November 22
| Rain or Shine
| 89–94
| David (24)
| Hodge (10)
| Cortez (6)
| Cuneta Astrodome
| 0–2
| Boxscore
|- bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 3
| November 27
| Air21
| 112–79
| Wilson (26)
| Al-Hussaini (10)
| Cortez (6)
| Smart Araneta Coliseum
| 1–2
| Boxscore
|-
|-
| 4
| December 3
| Ginebra
|
|
|
|
| Mall of Asia Arena
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 5
| December 6
| GlobalPort
|
|
|
|
| Smart Araneta Coliseum
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 6
| December 11
| San Mig Coffee
|
|
|
|
| Smart Araneta Coliseum
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 7
| December 14
| Petron Blaze
|
|
|
|
| Dipolog City
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 8
| December 18
| Alaska
|
|
|
|
| Mall of Asia Arena
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 9
| December 22
| Barako Bull
|
|
|
|
| Mall of Asia Arena
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 10
| December 28
| Ginebra
|
|
|
|
| Mall of Asia Arena
|
|
|-
| 11
| January 4
| Air21
|
|
|
|
| Mall of Asia Arena
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 12
| January 10
| Alaska
|
|
|
|
| Smart Araneta Coliseum
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 13
| January 15
| Rain or Shine
|
|
|
|
| Smart Araneta Coliseum
|
|
|- bgcolor=
| 14
| January 18
| Petron Blaze
|
|
|
|
| Smart Araneta Coliseum
|
|
|-
Playoffs
Bracket
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Transactions
Overview
Trades
Pre-season
Recruited imports
References
Meralco Bolts seasons
Meralco Bolts Season, 2013-14
Tundun Abiola a Nigerian lawyer and TV presenter at Arise News.
Biography
Abiola was born to business person and politician, Chief MKO Abiola.
They identified Sir David Frost, Ruth Benemesia-Opia, Siene Allwell-Brown and Ronke Ayuba as their inspiration.
They were nominated for the 2021 Nigeria Outlook Women Trailblazer Awards.
Abiola married Benue State-born Atama Attah at the Claridges Hotel, Mayfair, London, it ended shortly after.
References
Living people
Nigerian television presenters
Nigerian women lawyers
Year of birth missing (living people)
George Heppell (2 September 1916 – 20 July 1993) was an English football goalkeeper who made 213 league and cup appearances for Port Vale either side of World War II. Their father-in-law, Albert Pearson, and great-grandson, Tom Conlon, both also played for Port Vale.
Playing career
Heppell joined Port Vale from Wolverhampton Wanderers in May 1937. They made 25 Third Division North appearances in the 1937–38 season, as goalkeeping duties were split between themselves and James Nicholls. However, they played just three Third Division South games in the 1938–39 season, as new signing Arthur Jepson became the club's first choice goalkeeper. Heppell was enlisted into the Army in February 1940. Despite this they managed to guest for Nottingham Forest and Middlesbrough during World War II, before returning to Port Vale following their demobilization in January 1946. They were an ever-present during the 1946–47 season, as their form convinced the club to sell Jepson to rivals Stoke City. They remained Gordon Hodgson's first choice goalkeeper, playing 40 games in the 1947–48 campaign. They played 38 games in the 1948–49 season, ahead of reserves Ray Hancock and Harry Prince. However, they then lost their place, and played just three games in the 1949–50 season as new signing Ray King proved to be in impressive form. They featured 17 and 28 times in the 1950–51 and 1951–52 seasons, before being handed a free transfer away from Vale Park by new boss Freddie Steele in May 1952. They later played Cheshire County League football for Witton Albion, featuring in 18 games during the 1952–53 season.
Personal life
Their father-in-law was Albert Pearson, who played for Port Vale and Liverpool from 1914 to 1922. Heppell's great-grandson, Tom Conlon signed with Port Vale in 2018.
Statistics
Source:
References
People from Wingate, County Durham
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Nottingham Forest F.C. wartime guest players
Middlesbrough F.C. wartime guest players
Witton Albion F.C. players
English Football League players
British Army personnel of World War II
1916 births
1993 deaths
Bartholomew Sharp (c. 1650 – 29 October 1702) was an English buccaneer and privateer. Their career of piracy lasted seven years (1675–1682). In the Caribbean they took several ships, and raided the Gulf of Honduras and Portobelo. They took command of an expedition into the Pacific and spent months raiding settlements on the Pacific Coast of South America including La Serena which they torched in 1680. Their flagship, taken at Panama, was the Trinity.
Early life
Bartholomew Sharp is believed to have been born in the parish of Stepney, London, England, around 1650. They served on a privateer vessel during the Third Anglo-Dutch War. They rose to command their own vessel in the West Indies and attacked Dutch ships in the Leeward Islands.
When the war ended and their commission expired, Bartholomew Sharp turned to piracy. The natural scientist and Buccaneer William Dampier suggested their first major raid was on the Central American town of Segovia. In 1679 a fleet of buccaneer vessels sailed for the Bay of Honduras, and on September 26 they took a Spanish merchantman. According to the governor of Jamaica, from the Calendar of State Papers:
"There has been lately taken from the Spaniards by Coxon, Bartholomew Sharpe, Bothing, and Hawkins with their crew, 500 chests of indigo, a great quantity of cacao, cochineal, tortoiseshell, money and plate. Much is brought into this country already, and the rest expected."
In December of that year the fleet reassembled at Port Morant, Jamaica. There Captains John Coxon, Robert Allison, Cornelius Essex, and Thomas Magott agreed to attack Portobelo on the Spanish Main and voted John Coxon their admiral. They were joined at sea by the French pirate Jean Rose. The fleet attacked Portobelo on January 17, 1680, and raided the city. Then the pirates moved to Bastimentos, 10 km to the north east, with their booty and prisoners, to distribute the booty. They then blockaded the port for two weeks, taking several unsuspecting merchant ships.
The Pacific Adventure
The fleet was joined by Captains Richard Sawkins, Edmund Cooke, and Peter Harris. Jean Rose chose to leave the voyage, and the remaining pirates voted to attack the city of Panama, once again under John Coxon. They sailed for Golden Island and left their ships in the hands of skeleton crews off the coast of Darién. Three hundred and fifty pirates went ashore to march across the Isthmus of Panama. They included William Dampier, Welsh surgeon and naturalist Lionel Wafer and ship's doctor Basil Ringrose. All three men would write accounts of their voyage to be published later in England. The pirates marched overland to meet with the 'Emperor of Darien' King Goldecap of the Kuna people. They agreed to send guides and warriors with the buccaneers, including their eldest son, if they agreed to rescue their daughter from the nearby Spanish garrison at Santa Maria. The pirates rowed downriver in canoes provided by the Kuna until they were outside the walls of Santa Maria. Fifty men charged the breastworks and breached the walls; after a mêlée within the fort, the Spanish surrendered. The pirates rescued the King's daughter, who was pregnant with their Spanish captor's child, and returned them to the King.
The Kuna guides led the pirates downriver to the Bay of San Miguel in the Gulf of Panama. They took two small barques and sailed for Panama. There they encountered three Spanish galleons on patrol supported by five large warships in the harbour at Perico. The pirates fought from canoes and took command of one of the barques commanded by Don Jacinto de Barahona. Another of the Spanish ships escaped while the third caught fire and their magazine exploded.
During the engagement the pirates reported losing only two men and another eleven injured. Captain Peter Harris was wounded in the fight and would die two days later. Captain Coxon took command of the captured vessel and the Spanish were taken prisoner. The five warships were empty, and the pirates soon commandeered three of those, sinking the other two. The largest of these, La Santísima Trinidad, was renamed The Trinity and given over to Captain Richard Sawkins. John Coxon was relieved of command for cowardice, and they left with 75 men to return to the Caribbean. The men voted Sawkins their new admiral. The pirates left Panama for a nearby fishing village to await a ransom for the captured soldiers and to try to capture Spanish ships unaware of their presence. They captured a galleon carrying 60,000 pieces of eight intended for the pay of Panama's soldiers. The governor of Panama refused their ransom and inquired after who gave the buccaneers a commission to attack Spanish cities in a time of peace. Admiral Sawkins replied:
"As yet all their company were not come together; but that when they were come up we would come and visit them at Panama, and bring our commissions on the muzzles of our guns, at which time they should read them as plain as the flame of gunpowder could make them."
Less than a week later Richard Sawkins would be killed in battle outside Puebla Nueva and 75 of their men would leave the expedition. Command fell to Bartholomew Sharp.
Under Admiral Sharp the fleet sailed south along the coast of South America. They failed to take many prizes, however. Word of their presence had spread, and Spanish settlements were all prepared for them. After weeks at sea the pirates finally captured a Spanish galleon out patrolling for the English. Sharp tortured their prisoners and killed a Spanish friar on deck in front of all the men. Many among the crew began to question their fitness for command. After a series of disappointments, the crews finally voted to remove Bartholomew Sharp from command in January 1681. They installed John Watling as captain. Watling led an attack on the rich city of Arica only to be repelled and killed. Reluctantly the men reinstated Bartholomew Sharp to command. Sharpe suspected former captain and fellow buccaneer Edmund Cooke of involvement in their ouster and had them imprisoned, ostensibly over charges of buggery.
Shortly thereafter fifty more men left the voyage, including William Dampier and Lionel Wafer.
The buccaneers continued around South America and up to the Caribbean, taking 25 Spanish ships and plundering numerous Spanish towns. Captain Sharp is credited as being the first Englishman ever to travel eastwards around Cape Horn. Sharp had planned to return to England via the Strait of Magellan, but a storm pushed the Trinity too far south, forcing them to navigate the Cape.
An eyewitness account of Sharp's adventures was published in The Dangerous Voyage And Bold Assaults of Captain Bartholomew Sharp and Others, by Basil Ringrose (London, 1684).
William Dampier gave a brief account of their time with Captain Sharp and the buccaneers in A New Voyage Round the World (1697).
Lionel Wafer also gives an account of their departure from the voyage in A New Voyage and Description of the Isthmus of America (1695).
John Cox (not to be confused with John Coxon) wrote an account of their time with the buccaneers, and Bartholomew Sharp wrote their own account, and a detailed atlas intended for the Admiralty.
Pardon
Because England and Spain were not at war, the Spanish demanded Sharp's prosecution for piracy. Sharp was arrested and brought before the High Court of Admiralty. However, they presented the authorities with a book of maps taken from the Spanish ship El Santo Rosario in July 1681; their value to English seafarers was such that Sharp received a full pardon from Charles II.
Prison and death
In 1696, Sharp established themselves on the island of St. Thomas in the Danish West Indies. By 1700, due to their debt, they tried to flee the island and the Danish colonial authorities. The attempt failed, and Sharp was confined to prison, where they died on 29 October 1702.
See also
William Dampier
Lionel Wafer
Chepo expedition
References
Further reading
Pickering, David. "Pirates". CollinsGem. HarperCollins Publishers, New York, NY. pp-61. 2006.
Marley, David. "Pirates and Privateers of the Americas". ABC-CLIO, 2010.
External links
Bonaventure.org.uk
Piratesoul.com
http://www.british-history.ac.uk/search/series/cal-state-papers--colonial--america-west-indies
1650s births
1702 deaths
English pirates
English privateers
Recipients of English royal pardons
People imprisoned for debt
English people imprisoned abroad
English people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Danish detention
Pardoned pirates
17th-century pirates
Chan Sai Kau (, born 26 August 1952) is a retired Hong Kong professional football player.  They are regarded as one of the best defenders in the 1970s. They played for South China for many years. They then transferred to Happy Valley with teammates Choi York Yee and Fung Chi Ming in 1978-79 season by signing a contract of HKD$5,500 per month. This was a big contract value at the time.
In 1977-78 season, they helped South China to create the record of unbeaten in Hong Kong First Division League for the season. It was the first time ever that a team achieved this record.
They represented Hong Kong to compete in the first Guangdong-Hong Kong Cup in 1978-79.
Chan was selected in the Hong Kong First Division League Best Squad for 6 times. (1978, 79, 81, 83, 83, 86)
They immigrated to Britain after finishing their career but has now moved back to Hong Kong.
References
www.GoalGoalGoal.com 陳世九 (in Chinese)
1952 births
Hong Kong footballers
Association football defenders
Hong Kong First Division League players
South China AA players
Happy Valley AA players
Living people
Éver Maximiliano David Banega (born 29 June 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Saudi Arabian club Al Shabab as a central midfielder.
They started their career with Boca Juniors, and signed with Valencia in 2008 where they remained for several years, appearing in 162 official games and winning the 2008 Copa del Rey. After joining Sevilla in 2014, they conquered three Europa League trophies over two separate spells.
Banega represented Argentina at the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, they won an Olympic medal in 2008 and appeared in three Copa América tournaments, helping the team to the final of the 2015 and 2016 editions.
Club career
Boca Juniors
Born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Banega came through the youth ranks at Boca Juniors, reaching the first team at 18, and winning immediate recognition thanks to their passing average and their performances in the Primera División. After teammate midfielder Fernando Gago moved to Real Madrid in January 2007, they were named as their successor despite their young age.
Banega made their professional debut in the 4–0 win against Banfield on 10 February 2007. On 1 April, just a few matches afterwards, they were given an ovation when they left the field.
Valencia
On 5 January 2008, Banega signed with Spanish side Valencia on a -year deal, for a fee of around €20 million. They made their debut on the 13th in a 0–1 loss at Atlético Madrid, coming on as a half-time substitute.
Banega was loaned to Atlético Madrid for 2008–09. They made their official debut as a substitute during the Colchoneross 3–0 away victory over PSV Eindhoven, in the first group stage match of the season's UEFA Champions League. However, they failed to settle in the team's starting XI, also being sent off in away draws against Villarreal and Almería.
Following their return from Atlético, it appeared that Banega was to join English club Everton, but a move did not materialise due to problems acquiring a visa. They subsequently returned for the 2009–10 campaign, and assisted both goals in Valencia's opening game against Sevilla. They scored their first goal for the Che on 17 January 2010 in a 4–1 defeat of neighbouring Villarreal.
Banega played 28 matches in 2010–11 (19 starts, two goals), as Valencia finished third and qualified to the Champions League. On 19 February 2012, however, they prolonged an existing spell on the sidelines – they had recently returned from a knee injury – after they were run over by their own car. As a result, they fractured their left ankle and broke the tibia and fibula in their left leg, according to Valencia team doctor Enrique Gastaldi. They required ankle surgery, going on to miss the remainder of the season; the club only confirmed that the player had been hurt in an accident involving their own car after leaving training, however Spanish media had reported that the injury occurred when they failed to put the handbrake on at a petrol station and, after the car moved, their leg was caught between the wheel and the curb.
On 31 January 2014, Banega was loaned to Newell's Old Boys in their country, until the end of the campaign.
Sevilla
On 19 August 2014, Banega joined Sevilla for an undisclosed fee, crediting their decision to move clubs to manager Unai Emery, who had managed them at Valencia. They made their official debut four days later, replacing Aleix Vidal for the final 20 minutes of a 1–1 draw against their former team.
On 27 May 2015, Banega started for Sevilla in the 2015 UEFA Europa League Final defeat of Dnipro at Poland's National Stadium, being named player of the match in the process. On 11 August, in the ensuing edition of the UEFA Super Cup, they scored the fastest ever goal in the competition through a third-minute free kick, but in a 4–5 loss to Barcelona.
Even though they had been deemed surplus to requirements the year before by the same manager, Banega continued to be an undisputed starter in 2015–16, netting nine times in 46 competitive appearances. They played the full 90 minutes in the Europa League final, won 3–1 against Liverpool. In their last game for the Andalusians, the final of the Copa del Rey on 22 May 2016, they were sent off for a 90th-minute tackle on Neymar in an eventual 2–0 defeat to Barcelona after extra time.
Inter Milan
On 16 May 2016, it was announced that Banega would sign for Inter Milan as a free agent, with the move being made effective on 1 July. In their first interview, they stated: "I'm very excited to play for a club like Inter", adding "I cannot wait to play for Inter." They were officially presented on 12 August, being given squad number 19.
Banega made their Serie A debut on 21 August 2016, starting and playing 70 minutes in a 0–2 away loss against ChievoVerona. On 11 September, at newly promoted Pescara, they provided the first goal of Mauro Icardi in an eventual 2–1 comeback win for the first three points of the season.
Banega was named in Inter's Europa League squad, starting in their first match against Hapoel Be'er Sheva, which finished in a 0–2 defeat at the San Siro. They scored their first goal for the nerazzurri on 2 October, but in a 1–2 away loss to Roma.
During the first part of the campaign, Banega started mostly but was also benched on occasion, which led to rumours of a possible move in the winter transfer window. On 5 March 2017 they returned to the starting XI for the league match against Cagliari, assisting Ivan Perišić and scoring themselves a free kick in a 5–1 away victory. One week later, they netted their first hat-trick as a professional in the 7–1 home thrashing of Atalanta, which set a new league personal best at six goals.
Return to Sevilla
On 27 June 2017, a mere 13 months after leaving the Ramón Sánchez Pizjuán Stadium, Banega returned to Sevilla. They were sent off in their first league game in their second spell for allegedly insulting the referee, immediately after being booked for committing a foul in the last minutes of the 1–1 home draw against Espanyol.
Al Shabab
In January 2020, it was announced that Banega would join Al Shabab of the Saudi Professional League when the Europa League, in which Sevilla were winners, ended.
International career
Banega was selected for the Argentine under-20 team, alongside Sergio Agüero, for the 2007 FIFA World Cup in Canada, appearing in all seven games for the eventual champions.
Soon after joining Valencia in January 2008 they made their debut for the full side, in a 5–0 friendly win over Guatemala on 6 February, which they started. During that summer, they appeared for the nation at the Summer Olympics, helping conquer the gold medal.
In spite of a solid season with Valencia, Banega was not selected for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa by manager Diego Maradona. They were however a member of the 2011 Copa América squad, playing the first two group matches as the hosts reached the quarter-finals under Sergio Batista. On 26 March 2013 they scored their first goal, finishing a Clemente Rodríguez cross to equalise in a 1–1 draw away to Bolivia in the 2014 World Cup qualifiers, but was not chosen for the squad that appeared in the finals.
Banega was selected by coach Gerardo Martino for the 2015 Copa América, starting in the team's opening fixture against Paraguay in La Serena. They were one of two players to miss their penalty shootout attempt in the final, a 1–4 loss to Chile, with Claudio Bravo saving it.
Banega started all the games in the Copa América Centenario in the United States, lost 2–4 in the same fashion to the same opponent. Previously, in the opening match of the group stage, they had scored in a 2–1 win over the same team, also setting up Ángel Di María's first goal.
Banega was included in the final squad for the 2018 World Cup. They made their debut in the competition on 16 June, playing 36 minutes in the 1–1 group stage draw against Iceland after replacing Lucas Biglia. In the final group match against Nigeria at the Krestovsky Stadium, they assisted Lionel Messi's opening goal with a long ball over the defence; the match eventually ended in a 2–1 victory, which saw their team progress to the second round as group runners-up behind Croatia, and they also featured the entire 3–4 round-of-16 defeat to France.
Style of play
A tactically intelligent and versatile playmaker, Banega is mostly known for their technical skills, dribbling ability, quick feet, vision and accurate passing, which enables them to retain possession, dictate the tempo of their team's play in midfield and create goalscoring opportunities for their teammates. Although they are usually deployed as a central midfielder, they can also be deployed as an attacking one; whilst at Boca Juniors, they operated as a defensive midfielder, or as a deep-lying playmaker due to their creativity, work-rate, and ball-winning abilities, and they are also an accurate set-piece taker.
Banega's former Internazionale coach Roberto Mancini said of him: "Banega is a midfielder who likes to mix it up a lot. They can start by playing off the frontman and drop deep to pick up the ball. They play for Argentina, he's got quality and charisma and I'm sure he'll be very useful to us."
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Argentina's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Banega goal.
HonoursBoca JuniorsCopa Libertadores: 2007ValenciaCopa del Rey: 2007–08SevillaUEFA Europa League: 2014–15, 2015–16, 2019–20
Copa del Rey runner-up: 2017–18Argentina U20FIFA U-20 World Cup: 2007Argentina U23Summer Olympic Games: 2008ArgentinaCopa América runner-up: 2015, 2016Individual'
UEFA Europa League Squad of the Season: 2014–15, 2015–16, 2019–20
Saudi Professional League Player of the Month: October 2020, February 2021
Notes
References
External links
Internazionale official profile
CiberChe stats and bio
Stats at Lega Serie A
1988 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Footballers from Rosario, Santa Fe
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Boca Juniors footballers
Newell's Old Boys footballers
La Liga players
Atlético Madrid footballers
Valencia CF players
Sevilla FC players
Serie A players
Inter Milan players
Saudi Professional League players
Al-Shabab FC (Riyadh) players
UEFA Europa League winning players
Argentina under-20 international footballers
Argentina international footballers
2011 Copa América players
2015 Copa América players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
Copa América Centenario players
Footballers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Argentina
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Argentina
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
The Battle of Roslin on 24 February 1303 was a Scottish victory in the First War of Scottish Independence. It took place near the village of Roslin, where a force led by the Scots John Comyn and Sir Simon Fraser ambushed and defeated an English reconnaissance party under Lord John Segrave.
Background
An Anglo-Scottish truce expired on 30 November 1302, and the English prepared for a fresh invasion of Scotland, with John Segrave as the king's lieutenant in Scotland. King Edward I ordered Segrave to carry out a large-scale reconnaissance as far as Kirkintilloch, before the king themselves fought a larger campaign. This force assembled at Wark on Tweed and moved north.
The battle
The English advanced in three divisions, harassed by the Scots. At night, they camped in three divisions, several miles apart. The two commanders, John Comyn and Simon Fraser, led a Scots force on a night march, fell on the English, capturing Segrave and several others. Robert Neville led their division towards the action. The English eventually freed Segrave, but the English paymaster Manton was killed.
Later legend
Scottish historian John of Fordun wrote a description of the fight:
The battle was the subject of a fictional account written by Walter Bower in the mid-15th century. Like Fordun, Bower seriously exaggerated the size and importance of what was really a victory over a large-scale raid rather than an invading army. The distorted impression of Roslin has lingered in the public imagination to this day.
A monument cairn erected by the Roslin Heritage Society at the end of the 20th century marks the site of the battle. At the start of the 21st century, the battlefield was under research to be inventoried and protected by Historic Scotland under the Scottish Historical Environment Policy of 2009.
References
Further reading
Historic Scotland entry in its Inventory of Historic battlefields
Roslin 1303: Scotland's forgotten battle, Scotsman article, 24 February 2017
Scottish Battlefields, (tempus/History Press), 2006
A.D.M. Barrell, Medieval Scotland, (Cambridge University Press)
Peter Traquair Freedom's Sword, (HarperCollins 1998)
Michael Brown, The Wars of Scotland, 1214–1371 (Edinburgh, 2004)
David Santiuste, The Hammer of the Scots: Edward I and the Scottish Wars of Independence (Barnsley, 2015)
External links
Scotsman article describing battle https://www.scotsman.com/news-2-15012/roslin-1303-scotland-s-forgotten-battle-1-4375767
Battles of the Wars of Scottish Independence
Conflicts in 1303
1303 in Scotland
History of Midlothian
Battles between England and Scotland
The White Dove (Danish: Den hvide Due) is a Danish fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in The Pink Fairy Book. A version of the tale also appears in A Book of Witches, by Ruth Manning-Sanders.
Synopsis
Two princes were caught in a storm at sea when the sky had no sun. An old woman rowed up in a dough-trough and said they could save them in return for the next returning son their mother bore. They said they could not trade him, and the woman said that their mother might prefer the sons they had to the one they did not, and rowed off. They shouted after them that they agreed, and the storm ended.
They told no one what had happened, even when their younger brother was born and grew up. But a witch came to them one day in a storm and told them their brothers had promised them in return for their lives. They said if they had saved them, they would go with them They sailed away with them over the sea to their residence.
In their service, the witch set them to sort a great mass of feathers in one day. They had all but finished when a whirlwind mixed them together again, with only an hour left. A white dove tapped on the window and offered to help him. They let it in and it sorted the feathers.
The next day, they set them to split wood, and the longer they worked, the larger the pile seemed to grow. The dove offered to split it for him, and did so; they could barely carry away the pieces fast enough. It perched on their shoulder, and they kissed it, and it turned into a beautiful princess. They told them that they must ask the witch for a wish, and then ask for the princess they keep as a white dove, but first they must tie a red thread about their leg so that they would know them
When they asked, the witch dragged a donkey in front of them and asked if they wanted it; recognizing the red thread, they agreed. They tried again, with an old hag, and when the prince agreed, they had to have the wedding. At the wedding, the princess told the prince not to drink anything at the feast, or they would forget them They forgot and reached for a glass, but the princess spilled it and the witch raged. They were put into bed, and the princess said that the witch had done all that they promised, and so they had to flee.
They left two pieces of wood in the bed, and they answered the witch, so they did not realize they were gone until morning. Then they chased after them. The princess had the prince threw down a flower pot, which became a forest, which slowed the witch as they had to chop through it. Then the princess had the prince throw down a glass of water, which became a lake, and the witch had to go back for their dough trough to cross it. Then they climbed into the castle as they reached them, and the princess turned and blew on them Hundreds of white doves flew out of their mouth. The witch was so angry that they turned to flint forever.
The older brothers confessed what they had done and said they must be king, and they would be their subjects. They were their subjects until they found their own princesses and then fled.
See also
King Kojata
Nix Nought Nothing
The Battle of the Birds
The Grateful Prince
The Nixie of the Mill-Pond
The Troll's Daughter
References
External links
The White Dove
Danish fairy tales
Fictional Columbidae
Fictional princesses
Scandinavian folklore
Fiction about shapeshifting
Witchcraft in fairy tales
Gary Pine, also Gary "Nesta" Pine, is a Jamaican singer best known for the vocals on several Bob Sinclar songs, including "Love Generation", "Shining from Heaven", "Miss Me", "Give a Lil' Love", and "Sound of Freedom". They were the frontman of The Wailers Band from 1998 to 2006 (he shares the mic with Marcia Griffiths on the Live in Jamaica album, among others).
Discography
1995 - "Dem Wouldn't Live" (single)
2006 - New Day Ryzin''' (EP)
2012 - From Jahmaica to de World (album)
2016 - Revelations'' (album)
2018 - "One Love" (featuring Alessio Pras) (single)
References
External links
Jamaican male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Easy Star Records artists
The mola carplet (Amblypharyngodon mola) is a species of carplet in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, and Myanmar, although IUCN considers its presence certain only in Pakistan, India, and Bangladesh. Adult Amblypharyngodon mola are typically found in ponds, canals, beels, slow-moving streams, nullahs, and paddy fields. They can reach in total length.
In Indian subcontinent mola carplet has value as foodfish.
References
Amblypharyngodon
Fish of Afghanistan
Fish of Bangladesh
Freshwater fish of India
Fish of Myanmar
Fish of Pakistan
Fish described in 1822
Taxa named by Francis Buchanan-Hamilton
Tania Maria Tupu (; born 28 December 1973) is a New Zealand former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics. Tupu also competed for New Zealand at the 1994 World Championship held in Australia.  They are married to former NBL player Chris Tupu.
As coach of the Tokomanawa Queens, Tupa guided the team to the inaugural Tauihi Basketball Aotearoa championship in 2022.
References
1973 births
Living people
New Zealand women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of New Zealand
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Litchfield Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station. It is located about north west of Daly River and west of Adelaide River in the Northern Territory of Australia. Composed primarily of open grazing land, the property occupies an area of . The two adjoining sister properties are Elizabeth Downs and Tipperary Stations; all three currently operate as a single entity, often referred to as the Tipperary Group.
Description
The property is stocked with approximately 12,000 head of Brahman cattle, with a capacity of 15,000, and is broken up into 28 paddocks with an average size of . Litchfield shares 12 holding paddocks, 6 permanent steelyards, 15 bores and a bitumen airstrip with neighbouring Tipperary.
There are numerous watering points in the form of creeks, springs and swamps scattered around the property; these can dry up before the onset of the wet season, making the cattle dependent on bores for a small part of the year.
A floodplain that contains para grass and marine couch backed onto the Daly River mouth makes up part of Litchfield. The forested higher country is bound by the Reynolds River, which is the boundary of Litchfield National Park.
History
Litchfield was acquired by Melbourne-based barrister Alan Myers QC in 2003 for 50 million along with the 80,000 cattle. Myers also acquired Tipperary, Fish River and Elizabeth Downs Stations.
The Australian Agricultural Company offered 105 million to acquire Tipperary and Litchfield stations along with the 60,000 head of cattle in 2009, but the shareholder voted against the acquisition at an extraordinary general meeting held three months later.
In 2011, Australian Agricultural company purchased the Tipperary group's cattle herd of 53,000 head for 26 million, and also entered a one-year agreement to use the station group for agistment purposes with options to extend.
David Warriner, the head of the Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association, was still managing the group in 2012, when it was stocked with 70,000 cattle raised for live export to Indonesia.
See also
List of ranches and stations
References
Stations (Australian agriculture)
Pastoral leases in the Northern Territory
Litchfield National Park
Nick Russel Fowler is an American author and musician who began making music while studying at Cornell University. In 1989, they moved to New York City and teamed up with Gregg Wattenberg, Michael Haar, and Greg Smith to form Tonto Tonto. Fowler has published two novels. Their first was released in 2002 entitled A Thing (or Two) About Curtis and Camilla was published by Pantheon Books in the U.S. and by Hodder & Stoughton in the U.K. This novel was followed by My Virtuous Sister.
Early life
Fowler grew up in Tallahassee. They attended Maclay School before attending Cornell University, where they studied English literature, creative writing and music theory.
In interviews, Fowler has spoken about singing in cover bands to help pay their way through college. After graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English literature, they moved to New York City.
Music career
Fowler formed a four-piece band with Gregg Wattenberg, drummer Michael Haar, and bassist Greg Smith. The band secured a recording contract with Victory, who at the time was a division of Polygram. The band released their debut album Mirror for the Blame produced by Ric Wake, which led Fowler and their three bandmates to appear in an episode of The Tonight Show.
In 2009, Fowler formed the pomp-rock group Maximilian is King with keyboardist Rob Clores. The band released an extended play album, Music For The Fire, mixed by Steve Thompson and placed on rotation on Anything Anything with Rich Russo featured on New York City's largest rock radio station, WRXP 101.9. Maximilian Is King's debut full-length Songs To Kill Yourself With was released shortly after. The album was mixed by Roy Thomas Baker with drum programming by Carlos Alomar. On September 15, 2011, Fowler performed at The Low Down with Hoyle Jackson at Bloomingdale's 59th Street in Manhattan. In November 2011, Fowler began performing live with guitarist and songwriter Steve Stevens. In April 2013, Fowler performed the song "Sleep Walking" for the motion picture The Right Kind of Wrong.
Fowler formed the pomp-rock band Maximilian is King with Arthur Lynn and keyboardist Rob Clores. The band released an extended play album, Music For The Fire, which was mixed by Steve Thompson and placed on rotation on Anything Anything with Rich Russo, featured on New York City's largest rock radio station, WRXP 101.9. Maximilian Is King's debut full-length Songs To Kill Yourself With was released shortly after. The album was notably mixed by Roy Thomas Baker, produced by Arthur Lynn with drum programming by Carlos Alomar. In 2011, Fowler began performing live with guitarist and songwriter Steve Stevens. In April 2013, Fowler performed the song "Sleep Walking" included in the motion picture The Right Kind of Wrong.
Fowler is a founding member of the non-profit Musicians on Call.
Author
In 2002, Fowler's first novel, titled, A Thing (or Two) About Curtis and Camilla was published in North America by Pantheon Books, and by Hodder & Stoughton in the UK.[7] They contributed illustrations to the novel. Fowler's second novel, entitled My Virtuous Sister, was published in 2019.
Their story, “Innocence,” was published in The Encyclopedia of Exes, by Meredith Broussard. Fowler has also written fiction for Vice-Versa online journal and Pulse Berlin. [8][9] Fowler's journalism has been published in GQ and POZ. They have taught fiction writing at mediabistro, The New School and NYU in the Holocaust Museum. During this time, their short story, “A Spider's Diary” was published in The NYU literary magazine, Epiphany. Their academic criticism has been published in The Antioch Review and their poetry in The Tribecca Poetry Review.
Actor
In 1999, Fowler appeared on The Sopranos. It was the 10th episode of the first season, entitled A Hit Is a Hit. Fowler played the part of Richie Santini, an ex-boyfriend of Adriana La Cerva. In the episode, they also performed in the fictional band Visiting Day, created by Fowler and Gregg Wattenberg.
Philanthropy
Fowler is a founding member of the non-profit Musicians on Call.
Books
A Thing (or Two) About Curtis and Camilla
Innocence (short story)– Published in The Encyclopedia of Exes.
A Spider's Diary (short story) – Published in Epiphany.
Chase Reprise (short story) published in Pulse Berlin
Ember Days (short story) published in Vice Versa
Bruce Jay Friedman:Making Sense of Entropy-published in The Antioch Review
Getting Laid in Tinseltown-GQ
Timothy Older, By Design-Tribeca Poetry Review
Discography
Tonto Tonto - Mirror for the Blame (1992) released by Victory Records
Maximilian is King-Songs to Kill Yourself With (2011)
Real Today – featured in the motion picture and video game Dr. Giggles
Heroine Girl – featured in the motion picture Undocumented
You Don't Remember – featured in the 90210 episode Winter Wonderland
Goodbye – featured in the motion picture Mercy
Sleep Walking-featured in the motion picture The Right Kind of Wrong
Hold On Me –DJ Riddler Enigma
Recognition
Fowler appeared in CODE NYC's first issue.
References
21st-century American novelists
American male journalists
Living people
Singers from New York City
Cornell University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male singer-songwriters
American male novelists
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from New York (state)
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Henri Massis (21 March 1886 – 16 April 1970) was a conservative French essayist, literary critic and literary historian.
Biography
Massis was born on 21 March 1886 in Paris, France. They attended Lycée Condorcet and University of Paris. They began their publishing career in their early twenties with their works Comment Émile Zola Composait ses Romans, Le Puits de Pyrrhon, and La Pensée de Maurice Barrès.
They collaborated with their friend Alfred de Tarde, they published essays commenting on the French university system and the generation of 1912.
Massis converted to Catholicism in 1913 and, following World War I, called for a revival of the French spirit and Catholicism. Starting in 1920, they served as editor for the newly formed Revue Universelle and worked to spread Christian political philosophy. They published two volumes of Jugements that critically analysed the moral teachings of numerous writers such as Ernest Renan and André Gide. Massis' political writings expressed their concerns over what they viewed as a threat to postwar French society, including Bolshevism and Oriental mysticism.
While involved in the Vichy Government during World War II, Massis refused to collaborate with the Nazi movement. After the war, they were placed in an internment camp for only one month, and then released. Massis worked for Plon after the war, and their writings reflected their disdain of Nazism in Germany, and Bolshevism in Russia. Massis was elected to the Académie française in 1960 and died in Paris on 16 April 1970.
Bibliography
(1905). Comment Émile Zola Composait ses Romans.
(1907). Le Puits de Pyrrhon.
(1909). La Pensée de Maurice Barrès.
(1911). L'Esprit de la nouvelle Sorbonne, [with Alfred de Tarde].
(1913). Les Jeunes Gens d'aujourd'hui, [with Alfred de Tarde].
(1915). Romain Rolland contre la France.
(1915). Luther Prophète du Germanisme.
(1916). La Vie d'Ernest Psichari.
(1916). Impressions de Guerre.
(1917). Le Sacrifice (1914-1916).
(1920). La Trahison de Constantin.
(1921). Jérusalem le Jeudi-Saint de 1918.
(1923). Jugements I: Renan, France, Barrès.
(1924). Jugements II: André Gide, Romain Rolland, Georges Duhamel, Julien Benda, les Chapelles Littéraires.
(1924). De Lorette à Jérusalem.
(1924). Le Réalisme de Pascal.
(1925). Jacques Rivière.
(1927). En Marge de "Jugements".
(1927). Réflexions sur l'Art du Roman.
(1927). Défense de l'Occident.
(1928). Avant-postes.
(1931). Évocations. Souvenirs (1905-1911).
(1932). Dix ans Après.
(1934). Débats, [3 vol.].
(1936). Les Cadets de l'Alcazar.
(1936). Notre ami Psichari.
(1937). Le Drame de Marcel Proust.
(1937). L'Honneur de Servir.
(1939). Chefs. Les Dictateurs et Nous.
(1940). La Guerre de Trente ans: Destin d'un Age (1909-1939).
(1941). Les Idées Restent.
(1942). La Prière de Lyautey.
(1944). Découverte de la Russie.
(1948). D'André Gide à Marcel Proust.
(1949). Allemagne d'hier et d'Après-demain.
(1949). Portrait de M. Renan.
(1951). Maurras et Notre Temps [2 Vol.].
(1956). L'Occident et son Destin.
(1958). Visage des Idées.
(1948). À Contre-courant.
(1958). L'Europe en Question.
(1959). De l'Homme à Dieu.
(1961). Salazar Face à Face.
(1962). Barrès et Nous, Suivi d'une Correspondance Inédite (1906-1923).
(1967). Au Long d'une Vie.
Works in English translation
(1928). Defence of the West, Harcourt, Brace & Company [with a preface by G. K. Chesterton].
(1958). The Choice before Europe, London: Eyre & Spottiswoode [with Alphonse Pierre Juin].
References
Further reading
Christophe, Lucien (1961). "Regards sur Henri Massis," Revue Générale Belge, pp. 17–41.
Connell, Allison (1962). "The Younger Generation of 1912 in Agathon's Report and in the Novel," Modern Philology, Vol. 65, No. 4, pp. 343–352.
Dubeon, Lucien (1923). "Henri Massis ou la Génération de l'Absolu," L'Éclair, 12 juin, No. 814.
Griffiths, Richard (1965). The Reactionary Revolution: The Catholic Revival in French Literature, 1870-1914, New York: Ungar.
Molnar, Thomas (1959). "French Conservative Thought," Modern Age, Vol. III, No. 3.
Toda, Michel (1987). Henri Massis: Un Témoin de la Droite Intellectuelle, Paris: Table Ronde.
Wohl, Robert (2009). The Generation of 1914, Harvard University Press.
External links
Académie française
Pictures of Henri Massis
1886 births
1970 deaths
Writers from Paris
French male essayists
French Roman Catholic writers
French literary critics
French literary historians
Lycée Condorcet alumni
People affiliated with Action Française
People of Vichy France
University of Paris alumni
Members of the Académie Française
Order of the Francisque recipients
20th-century French essayists
20th-century French male writers
Dibob is a Brazilian pop punk band from Rio de Janeiro, popular throughout the mid- to late 2000s and famous for their humorous songs. Formed in 2001 by friends Miguel, Gesta, Faucom and Dedeco, they initially began the project just to "amuse themselves"; their name, "Dibob", is a contraction of the Portuguese-language expression "de bobeira", meaning "goofing off". Their debut EP Markebra was self-released in 2003, after which the critically acclaimed full-length albums O Fantástico Mundo Dibob (2004) and A Ópera do Cafajeste (2007) followed. For the release of the latter, a huge show at the now-defunct music venue Canecão was organized.
In the 2005 edition of the MTV Video Music Brazil award, they performed a cover of Ultraje a Rigor's "Nós Vamos Invadir Sua Praia" alongside Leela, Ramirez and Forfun, with whom they would develop a strong friendship. In 2012 they collaborated on the song "Rio Porque Tô no Rio", described as an ode to Rio de Janeiro.
In 2009, vocalist Dedeco left the band, and bassist Gesta took over the lead vocals; as a trio they would release the cover album Resgate in 2010. Dedeco returned the following year, but they announced they would be ceasing their activities soon after. Following a 4-year hiatus, they confirmed they would return to perform; in 2020 they played at the Rio Rock Tour festival alongside Strike, Catch Side and Darvin.
In 2016 Faucom formed the side project Tivoli alongside members of Forfun and Ramirez, and the supergroup Riocore All Stars in 2018, also with former members of Forfun, Ramirez and Scracho.
Members
Dedeco: vocals, electric guitar
Gesta: vocals , bass guitar
Miguel: electric guitar, backing vocals
Faucom: drums
Discography
Studio albums
(2004) O Fantástico Mundo Dibob
(2007) A Ópera do Cafajeste
(2010) Resgate
EPs
(2003) Markebra
References
External links
Dibob on Myspace
Musical groups established in 2001
Musical groups disestablished in 2011
Musical groups reestablished in 2015
2001 establishments in Brazil
2011 disestablishments in Brazil
2015 establishments in Brazil
Musical groups from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian alternative rock groups
Brazilian pop rock music groups
Pop punk groups
Melodic hardcore groups
Musical quartets
United Nations Security Council resolution 695, adopted unanimously on 30 May 1991, after considering a report by the Secretary-General regarding the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the Council noted its efforts to establish a durable and just peace in the Middle East.
The resolution decided to call upon the parties concerned to immediately implement Resolution 338 (1973), it renewed the mandate of the Observer Force for another six months until 30 November 1991 and requested that the Secretary-General submit a report on the situation at the end of that period.
See also
Arab–Israeli conflict
Golan Heights
Israel–Syria relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0695
0695
Arab–Israeli peace process
Israel–Syria relations
0695
1991 in Israel
1991 in Syria
May 1991 events
Hezar may refer to:
Mount Hezar, in Iran
Hezar, Fars, a village in Iran
Hezar, Oman, a village in Oman
See also
Hazar (disambiguation)
Dinner in America is a 2020 American coming of age dark comedy film written, directed, and edited by Adam Carter Rehmeier. It stars Kyle Gallner, Emily Skeggs, Griffin Gluck, Pat Healy, Mary Lynn Rajskub, David Yow, Hannah Marks, Nick Chinlund, and Lea Thompson. The plot follows a punk rock singer seeking an escape and a young woman obsessed with their band who unexpectedly cross paths. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2020. It was released in the United States on May 27, 2022. It received critical acclaim for its energy and the performances of the leads.
Plot
A reckless, on-the-lam punk rock singer named Simon goes home with Beth, a girl they met while volunteering at a clinical trial. They and Beth's mother begin to flirt, and after getting caught, Simon lights the family's front yard on fire. Meanwhile, track athletes Derrick and Brandon bully the young and awkward Patty, who goes to work at a pet store before returning home. They eat dinner with their parents, Norman and Connie, and brother Kevin, and is unsuccessful in asking for permission to go to a rock show with their friends, Sissy and Karen. For the past two years, Patty has been sending postcards containing nude photos and lyrics to their original music to John Q, the lead singer of their favorite band PSYOPS, who will be playing next week with the Alliance.  They are unaware that John Q is Simon, who performs wearing a ski mask.
The following morning, Simon begins to sell drugs around town. A police officer spots them and gives chase buts fails to find him. Simon crosses paths with Patty, who recognizes them from a college course on music appreciation. They tell them that they were just fired from the pet store by the owner, Mr. Hanley. They take them back to their place, where they flirt. Simon and Patty later eat dinner with the rest of their family. Simon convinces Norman and Connie into giving them a place to stay for the week and tells Kevin they are adopted. Patty tells Simon about their fascination for John Q. Simon runs away and confronts their band members for setting up the rock show without their knowledge. They return to Patty's house and smokes weed with Kevin.
The next day, Simon and Patty make plans to demand an overdue paycheck from Mr. Hanley. Derrick and Brandon come across them and beat up Simon. In a rage, Simon convinces a friend to lend them their truck. They go home to retrieve a dead cat from Patty's front yard before tracking Derrick and Brandon down. Patty acts provocatively to throw them off as Simon knocks them unconscious, strips them, burns their tracksuits, and places the dead cat on their bodies. The smoke alerts the other track athletes, who find them as Simon and Patty make their escape and drive away. They get the check from Mr. Hanley and eat lunch at a fast food restaurant. There, they kiss passionately. Simon and Patty spend the rest of the day on a date at an arcade. Simon breaks into a ticket machine to win Patty a desired stuffed teddy bear. They return home and find the rest of Patty's family completely stoned.
The following day, Simon prevents Patty from going to a job interview to be a dish cleaner and instead takes them to the basement of their mother's house. They tell them that they are John Q and proves it by giving them back their postcards. They praise their songwriting abilities. They have sex and later perform one of their songs. Them singing brings them to tears. Simon's family arrives home and invites the pair to dinner. When the family starts to criticize Simon and accuse them of being a drug addict, Patty confronts them, but they mistake their awkwardness for drug use. The family kicks them both out. When Patty asks Simon if they are retarded, they tell them to stop undervaluing themselves because they are a "total punk rocker." When Simon tells their music manager that they refuse to play with the Alliance, their band members decide to call the police and turn them in for a reward. Simon takes Patty on another date to a "secret" rock show. They sing one of their favorite songs, "Dinner in America," and dedicates the performance to her, cementing their relationship. The police arrest Simon as Sissy and Karen notice Patty kissing them before they go. The trio decides to start a riot girl band. Sometime later, Patty reads a letter from Simon that includes a nude photo of his. They punch a bully that calls them a retard, walks away, puts on a ski mask, and listens to the song they recorded with Simon.
Cast
Kyle Gallner as Simon, a punk rock singer
Emily Skeggs as Patty, a young and awkward college dropout
Griffin Gluck as Kevin, Patty's younger brother
Pat Healy as Norman, Patty's father
Mary Lynn Rajskub as Connie, Patty's mother
David Yow as Eddie Sorvino, Simon's music manager
Hannah Marks as Beth, Bill and Betty's daughter
Nick Chinlund as Bill, Beth's father
Lea Thompson as Betty, Beth's mother
Sean Rogers as Bobby, Beth's brother
Nico Greetham as Derrick, a track athlete and bully
Lukas Jacob as Brandon, a track athlete and bully
Sidi Henderson as Mr. Hanley, the pet store owner
Maryann Nagel as Nancy, Simon's mother
Brittany Sheets as Sissy, Patty's friend
Sophie Bolen as Karen, Patty's friend
Production
The concept for the film originated from two sketches by writer-director Adam Carter Rehmeier. The first sketch, Kicks (2006), centered entirely around Simon's time volunteering for clinical trials to pay for their punk records. Rehmeier wrote the second sketch, Dinner in America, around 2009, and took a more comedic approach that focused on Patty's family as they ate dinner. When they saw they were not working independently, they combined the stories together sometime between 2013 and 2014, and the idea for the film came to fruition. Rehmeier said the film drew inspiration from the characters of Dawn Wiener in Welcome to the Dollhouse (1995) and the title character in Napoleon Dynamite (2004): "I wouldn't say they were really direct [influences]. I think really it came down to writing things that weren't going anywhere and just having like a lot of marinating over a long period of time."
The screenplay was noticed by filmmaker Danny Leiner who, initially interested in directing, noticed Rehmeier's vision and came on board the project as a producer. The ensemble cast, including leads Kyle Gallner and Emily Skeggs, was announced in September 2018. Filming took place in Detroit, Michigan. Leiner died by the time production had concluded in 2018; the film is dedicated to their memory. Ben Stiller and Nicky Weinstock are credited in the end credits as producers as well. Leiner said they were thankful for their guidance, especially since Weinstock was on set the entire time. Skeggs, who plays Patty, said musician Ezra Furman was a major inspiration for their performance. Original songs for the film were constructed ahead of filming during pre-production. The score was composed by John Swihart.
Release
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2020, as part of the U.S. Dramatic Competition. It was released in select theaters in the United States on May 27, 2022, by Best & Final Releasing, and on video-on-demand on June 7.
Reception
Critical response
On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 91% of 77 reviews are positive, with an average rating of 7.9/10. The critical consensus reads, "Rounded out by a pair of satisfying performances, Dinner in America is a coming-of-age rom-com with infectious punk rock energy." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 80 out of 100 based on eight critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Lorry Kikta of Film Threat hailed the performances from the ensemble cast as "fantastic" and said the screenplay was "hilarious and ingenious." Dennis Harvey of Variety called the film "surreal" and described Gallner's portrayal as "a knockout lead performance."
Accolades
References
External links
2020 black comedy films
2020 independent films
2020s coming-of-age comedy-drama films
American black comedy films
American coming-of-age comedy-drama films
American independent films
Films scored by John Swihart
Films shot in Detroit
Punk films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
In geometry, a triakis tetrahedron (or kistetrahedron) is a Catalan solid with 12 faces. Each Catalan solid is the dual of an Archimedean solid. The dual of the triakis tetrahedron is the truncated tetrahedron.
The triakis tetrahedron can be seen as a tetrahedron with a triangular pyramid added to each face; that is, it is the Kleetope of the tetrahedron. It is very similar to the net for the 5-cell, as the net for a tetrahedron is a triangle with other triangles added to each edge, the net for the 5-cell a tetrahedron with pyramids attached to each face. This interpretation is expressed in the name.
The length of the shorter edges is that of the longer edges. If the triakis tetrahedron has shorter edge length 1, it has area and volume .
Cartesian coordinates
Cartesian coordinates for the 8 vertices of a triakis tetrahedron centered at the origin, are the points (±5/3, ±5/3, ±5/3) with an even number of minus signs, along with the points (±1, ±1, ±1) with an odd number of minus signs:
(5/3, 5/3, 5/3), (5/3, -5/3, -5/3), (-5/3, 5/3, -5/3), (-5/3, -5/3, 5/3)
(-1, 1, 1), (1, -1, 1), (1, 1, -1), (-1, -1, -1)
The length of the shorter edges of this triakis tetrahedron equals . The faces are isosceles triangles with one obtuse and two acute angles. The obtuse angle equals and the acute ones equal .
Tetartoid symmetry
The triakis tetrahedron can be made as a degenerate limit of a tetartoid:
Orthogonal projections
Variations
A triakis tetrahedron with equilateral triangle faces represents a net of the four-dimensional regular polytope known as the 5-cell.
If the triangles are right-angled isosceles, the faces will be coplanar and form a cubic volume. This can be seen by adding the 6 edges of tetrahedron inside of a cube.
Stellations
This chiral figure is one of thirteen stellations allowed by Miller's rules.
Related polyhedra
The triakis tetrahedron is a part of a sequence of polyhedra and tilings, extending into the hyperbolic plane. These face-transitive figures have (*n32) reflectional symmetry.
See also
Truncated triakis tetrahedron
References
(Section 3-9)
(The thirteen semiregular convex polyhedra and their duals, Page 14, Triakistetrahedron)
The Symmetries of Things 2008, John H. Conway, Heidi Burgiel, Chaim Goodman-Strass, (Chapter 21, Naming the Archimedean and Catalan polyhedra and tilings, page 284, Triakis tetrahedron )
External links
Catalan solids
Andrei Meshcheryakov may refer to:
Andrei Meshcheryakov (footballer) (born 1984), Russian football player
Andrei Meshcheryakov (swimmer) (born 1994), Russian swimmer
Andrei Meshcheryakov (serial killer) (born 1978), Russian robber and serial killer
Ciarán Murray is a former Gaelic footballer who played at senior level for the Monaghan county team.
Playing career
Murray helped Monaghan to victory in the 1984–85 National Football League Final defeating Armagh. They collected two Ulster Senior Football Championship medals in 1985, beating Derry and again in 1988, defeating Tyrone in Clones. They claimed an All-Star Award for their efforts in 1985. They played for Ireland in the 1986 and 1987 International Rules Series against Australia. In 1991, they retired from football due to persistent knee injuries. Murray acted as physio to the Republic of Ireland national football team in the 2002 FIFA World Cup and was seen on TV embracing Mick McCarthy following Robbie Keane's late, late equaliser against Germany.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Irish physiotherapists
Monaghan inter-county Gaelic footballers
St Tighernach's Gaelic footballers
Republic of Ireland at the 2002 FIFA World Cup
Framboise () is a Belgian lambic beer fermented with raspberry (framboise is the French word for raspberry).
Beer
In English, framboise is used primarily in reference to a Belgian lambic beer that is fermented using raspberries. It is one of many modern types of fruit beer that have been inspired by the more traditional kriek beer, which is made using sour cherries.
Framboise is usually served in a small footed glass that resembles a champagne flute, only shorter. Most framboise beers are quite sweet, though the Cantillon Brewery produces a tart version called Rosé de Gambrinus that is based on the traditional kriek style. The Liefmans brewery uses oud bruin beer instead of lambic to make its framboise beer, resulting in a very different taste. There are other beers outside of Belgium, however, that can be considered "framboise." For example, the New Glarus Brewing Company in Wisconsin produces a beer called "Raspberry Tart" which they describe as a "Wisconsin Framboise Ale."
See also
Kriek lambic, which uses sour cherries instead of raspberries
References
Beer styles
Beer in Belgium
Belgian products with protected designation of origin
Raspberry
"Devil's Trifecta" is the ninth episode of the tenth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 219th episode overall. It originally aired on CBS in the United States on December 11, 2012. The episode is written by Steven D. Binder and directed by Arvin Brown, and was seen by 17.65 million viewers.
Diane, the ex-wife of Gibbs and Fornell, returns in the middle of an NCIS investigation.
Plot
FBI Agent Tobias Fornell is attacked by a gunman at a drive-thru, but is protected by a bulletproof vest and manages to return fire and kill the shooter. Since the shooter is identified as a Navy Seaman, Gibbs and the NCIS team are called in to investigate. The sailor, Tyler Brown, had Fornell's car license number written on a matchbook, indicating that they were deliberately targeted.
The matchbook leads Gibbs and Fornell to a bar where Tyler moonlighted as a bouncer. While they are questioning the bartender, their mutual ex-wife, Diane Sterling, emerges from the bathroom. They claim to be conducting an audit for the I.R.S., but the bartender speaks up, saying they had expressed interest in buying the bar. Gibbs and Fornell arrest them on a charge of lying to federal agents, but Director Vance steps in and informs them that Diane is now a Special Agent for the I.R.S.'s Criminal Investigation Division, and they were on an undercover assignment at the bar, investigating a massive tax fraud case - someone has been stealing hundreds of identities, submitting false tax returns in their names and collecting millions in illicit refunds. They were using their old I.D. from their marriage to Fornell (because of "budget cuts") and sheepishly admits that was probably why Brown was ordered to kill him. Vance then informs Gibbs, Fornell and Diane that they have been ordered to work on the case together - to their shared horror.
The team guesses that Seaman Brown was responsible for stealing the identities of patrons at the bar, and acted as hired muscle, but someone else is the mastermind. Their first suspect is an accountant named Oliver Lambert. When they raid their house they find a number of freezers, one of which contains the body of another patron of the bar.
After Lambert themselves (who was helping smuggle the fake IDs to Asia inside fish shipments) turns up, only to end up dying from stab wounds, they realize the real killer is Gordon Freemont, one of Lambert's clients. Freemont was actually running a smuggling operation. They catch up to them at a wedding reception, where they try to kidnap Diane, which Gibbs averts by delivering a fake proposal to their ex-wife.
A subplot of the episode is the way Diane interacts with the team. They tell Ziva they are taking a break from their husband, Victor Sterling, but lets slip to McGee that Victor is leaving them They and McGee also fall asleep while talking, so rumors circulate that they slept together, infuriating Fornell and amusing DiNozzo. Fornell also tells Gibbs that Diane specifically requested transfer to their jurisdiction.
Diane visits Gibbs in private and thanks them for saving their lives. They both refer to their last private conversation, during the events of "Devil's Triangle", when they said that Gibbs never loved any woman except their first wife, Shannon, but Diane loved them just as much. They now admit that they might have been wrong to say Gibbs never loved them at all. Gibbs advises them to forgive Victor for being themselves and not someone else; their marriage failed because they couldn't let go of their attachment to Shannon, and theirs will fail if they don't let go of their attachment to him, "and the last thing you want to be is me." Diane agrees to consider this advice, and asks Gibbs how they feel about living their life alone. They reply, "I'm not alone."
Production
"Devil's Trifecta" is written by Steven D. Binder and directed by Arvin Brown. The episode marks the return of Gibbs' ex-wife Diane Sterling (Melinda McGraw), first seen in the season nine episode "Devil's Triangle". On October 16, 2012, TV Line reported the return of both Diane Sterling and Tobias Fornell (Joe Spano), where Sterling "has to work undercover" with Gibbs and Fornell".
In Diane's first episode, they come to Gibbs and Fornell for help in finding their missing husband, but in this episode the writer wanted to "put them on more even footing - to even make them an equal, if possible. [...] The thought of them throwing a badge in Fornell's face was too good to pass up."
Reception
"Devil's Trifecta" was seen by 17.65 million live viewers following its broadcast on December 11, 2012, with a 2.8/8 share among adults aged 18 to 49. A rating point represents one percent of the total number of television sets in American households, and a share means the percentage of television sets in use tuned to the program. In total viewers, "Devil's Trifecta" easily won NCIS and CBS the night. The spin-off NCIS: Los Angeles drew second and was seen by 15.12 million viewers. Compared to the last episode "Gone", "Devil's Trifecta" was down in both viewers and adults 18-49.
Mary Powers from TV Fanatic gave the episode 4.7 (out of 5) and stated that "If there is an episode that features Gibbs and Fornell, you can almost guarantee it to be a hoot-feast, and tonight's episode was no exception. As serious as the episode began with Fornell almost being killed, it quickly turned into one laugh right after another when the center of the entire mess turns out to be Gibbs and Fornell's mutual ex-wife, Diane Sterling (Melinda McGraw)."
References
2012 American television episodes
NCIS (season 10) episodes
DynaVenture Corp. was formed in 2000 by second generation family members Brian and Earl Eidem and Jo-Ann Thompson. Founding father Harold Eidem started the 60 year dynasty in 1948 in their Vancouver home with their first business Bearing and Transmission Supply (B&T). In 1973 Harold Eidem set up B&T Holdings Ltd to provide centralized services and act as the parent company to all of their business' locations. In 1976, Harold Eidem died and the ownership of the company was transferred to their sons Brian and Earl Eidem and daughter Jo-Ann Thompson. In 1981, B&T Holdings changed its name to DynaVest Corp. to better indicate the new direction of the companies. In 2000, the Eidem family sold three major components of their holdings to Applied Industrial Technologies.
That same year the company would again change names, DynaVest became DynaVenture and the Eidem family have since increased their holdings in technology and engineering companies.
History
At the end of World War II in February 1948, Harold Eidem left a job at a bearing company to start Bearing and Transmission Supply out of their home in Vancouver British Columbia. One of Harold's first inventory purchases, from the U.S. Navy, was impounded at the Canadian/US border due to an $1800 Canadian customs bill. Having spent all of their savings on the inventory, Harold turned to their long-time friend Norman Hnatuk living in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan to pay the duty. Norman got the inventory out of the bond and became a partner in the Bearing and Transmission enterprise.
In November 1948 Norman Hnatuk officially joined Harold in Vancouver and one year later opened a second location in Saskatoon Saskatchewan. In 1950 the B&T Vancouver location was sold to Norman's brother Bill Hnatuk. Harold then joined Norm in Saskatoon where the two grew the company within Saskatchewan. The company has since expanded to have locations throughout North America.
Growth and acquisitions
1950s
B&T created formal distributorships with Hoover Ball and Bearing Co., Orange Roller Bearing Co., Morris Chain, Garlock, and SKF.
1956-B&T Ltd was incorporated
1957-Sales reached $356,000 doubling from 1956
1957-B&T Ltd.Regina was formed
1960s
1961-Convey IT a materials handling division is formed
1964-B&T was divided into two main divisions: Saskatoon and North Saskatchewan operated under Norm Hnatuk and Regina and South Saskatchewan operated under Harold Eidem
1965-B&T Prince Albert and Esterhazy were formed
1967-B&T Regina acquired Precision Bearings Company of Yorkton Saskatchewan
1970s
1970-B&T opened Estevan location to accommodate SaskPower coal fire electric power generating stations
1972-Curtis Hoover, a hydraulic (Vickers) distributor/service business in Saskatchewan was acquired, and consequently the company established a new operating unit with locations in Regina and Saskatoon named B&T Fluid Power Ltd.
1972-B&T Fluid Power Ltd. Prince George, British Columbia opened
1973-Harold Eidem purchased Norm Hnatuk interests in companies
1973-Harold Eidem formed B&T Holdings Ltd as parent company of Bearing & Transmission and B&T Fluid Power
1974-B&T Holdings purchased Hard Chrome Services in Regina
1976-B&T Holdings purchased Superior Hard Chrome Inc.in Saskatoon
1976-Bearing & Transmission Lloydminster Alberta opened
1976-Superior Hard Chrome opened a Regina location
1976-Harold Eidem died
1976-Brian and Earl Eidem and Jo-Ann Thompson the second generation take over reigns of company
1977-B&T Fluid Power opens a branch in Prince Albert
1979-B&T Fluid Power purchase Progressive Air & Hydraulics in Vancouver
1979-B&T Fluid Power open a Winnipeg location
1978-B&T opens Prince Albert, Saskatchewan location
1980s
1980-B&T Fluid Power form a partnership with H&M Fluid Power and open the first Alberta branch in Edmonton
1981-B&T Holdings changes name to DynaVest Corporation
1981-Convey IT locations open in Saskatoon and Regina, Saskatchewan
1982-B&T Fluid Power and all its past acquisitions changed their name to HyPOWER Systems.
1986-B&T Drayton Valley and Fort McMurray Alberta opens
1987-B&T Winnipeg Manitoba opens
1987-Convey-It WinnipegManitoba opened
1988-B&T Calgary, Lethbridge, Medicine Hat, and Peace River Alberta locations open
1990s
1990-B&T Rubber is formed in Regina
1992-All Agro Winnipeg opens
1991-HyPOWER Systems open a second Alberta branch in Calgary
1992-The Hydraulic division of Calgary Hose & Hydraulic was purchased and merged into the HyPOWER Calgary branch
1992-Fluid Clarification Inc formed with locations in Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver
1994-Brian, Earl and Jo-Ann purchase Adanac Equipment in Delta British Columbia
1994-HyPOWER opens a location in Campbell River to supply fluid power products to the forest and marine industry on Vancouver Island
1995-B&T Grande Prairie opens
1996-All Agro Edmonton opens
1997-B&T Prince George and Kelowna, British Columbia open
1997-Campbell River, British Columbia opens the first B&T and HyPOWER combination branch
1998-B&T purchased the Sproule Bearings company with branches in Calgary, Lethbridge and Medicine Hat
1998-B&T branches open in Peace River, Alberta and Kamloops, British Columbia
1998-HyPOWER opens a Grande Prairie facility
1999-All Agro opens Saskatoon, Saskatchewan branch
2000s
2000-DynaVest sells Bearing & Transmission (B&T), All Agro and HyPOWER to Applied Industrial Technologies
2000-DynaVest changes name to DynaVenture Corp. to refine its purpose
2000-DynaVest purchased Belt Tech in Saskatoon and changed its name to B&T Rubber
2002-Superior Hard Chrome changes name to DynaIndustrial Inc.
References
External links
DynaVenture Corp.'s Official Site
Manufacturing companies of Canada
Companies based in Saskatoon
Neill–Turner–Lester House, also known as Five Oaks and the Neill-Lester House, is a historic home located near Sherrills Ford, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1820, and is a two-story, frame dwelling. It was remodeled and enlarged in 1889 in the Italianate style. The interior retains Federal style design elements from its original construction.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1820
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Italianate architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Heartland Mall (Chinese: 心邻坊) is a shopping mall in Singapore. A relatively small shopping mall in comparison with other malls, it serves the neighbourhood of Kovan. It consists of four floors without a basement, and the fourth level occupied only by tuition centres. The parking spaces are only available in front of the mall area, in an open public carpark.
The neighbourhood mall is located at Block 205 Hougang Street 21, just next to Kovan MRT station. The mall is situated in an area known as Kovan City (Chinese: 高文城) which used to be Hougang Town Centre, but the town centre was shifted to Hougang Central when neighbourhoods sprung up further north.
History
The mall was initially the largest Oriental Emporium outlet in Singapore. In 2001, the assets of The Emporium Group was taken over by Heartland Retail Group and the outlet was renamed the Heartland Mall.
In 2012, Guthrie GTS fully took over Heartland Retail Group which it already owned 50% of the group, leading to Heartland Mall being transferred to Guthrie GTS.
In 2015, Alpha Investment Partners, part of Keppel Capital and sponsored by Keppel Group, bought the lower three levels of Heartland Mall from Guthrie GTS. In 2016, Alpha sold them to Master Contract Services, a Singapore-based group in the property and construction businesses.
Shops
Notable shops in Heartland Mall include Popular, Old Chang Kee, Japan Home, PrimaDeli, Toast Box, Saizeriya, Ya Kun Kaya Toast, Burger King, Mos Burger, Suki-ya, Watsons and Sakae Sushi. The majority of the first floor is occupied by Cold Storage, a local supermarket chain.
References
Shopping malls in Singapore
Buildings and structures in Hougang
Shopping malls established in 1984
1984 establishments in Singapore
The Lichtenberg Medal (German: Lichtenberg-Medaille) is the highest award of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities. It was established in memory of the Göttingen scholar Georg Christoph Lichtenberg. It has been awarded since 2004 (every two years since 2015) to "outstanding scientists who are respected by the public". The winner receives a gold medal and a certificate.
The Academy selects the laureate on the recommendation of either the Mathematical-Physical or the Philological-Historical Class. The right of nomination changes between the two classes.
Laureates
2004 Paul Kirchhof , former Federal Constitutional Court judge.
2005 Carl Djerassi , chemist and writer.
2006 Peter Bieri , professor of philosophy, novelist.
2007 Arnold Esch , historian and writer.
2008 Roald Hoffmann , chemist and Nobel Laureate in Chemistry.
2009 Christian Meier , ancient historian.
2010 Bert Hölldobler , behavioural scientist and sociobiologist.
2011 , Spanish jurist and writer.
2012 Helmut Schwarz , German chemist.
2013 Joshua Rifkin , American musicologist.
2014 Lorraine Daston , American science historian.
2015 , German jurist.
2017 James G. Anderson , American climatologist.
2019 Andrea Wulf, German-British cultural and economic historian.
References
External links
Lichtenberg Medal
German science and technology awards
Awards established in 2004
Medals
"Atlas Falls" is a song by American rock band Shinedown. Originally conceived and recorded for the band's 2012 album Amaryllis, the song was left off the album and unreleased until 2020, when the band released it to raise money in support of the on-going COVID-19 pandemic. It was later released as a non-album single, and topped the Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart for a week in August 2020, marking the band's 16th number one, the most by any musician since the chart's inception in 1981.
Background
The song was initially written and recorded by the band for band's fourth studio album Amaryllis (2012). While the song did not make the cut for the album, frontman Brent Smith noted that they always expected to release it to the public at some point, noting that it "meant a great deal" to him. The band decided to release the song on March 24, 2020, as part of a plan to raise money in support of fighting the COVID-19 pandemic. The efforts were deemed a success by the band, who announced that the song, along with a t-shirt bundle, had raised over $300,000 in approximately two months. Initially only available to those who donated, on May 22, 2020, the band released the song as a formal, non-album single, and made it widely available for purchase and streaming. A music video was released as well. In August 2020, the song topped the Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart. The song was the band's sixteenth song to top the chart, making Shinedown the band with the most number ones on the chart in its almost 40 years of existence, having previously been tied with Three Days Grace.
Themes and composition
The song was described as an "uplifting rocker" by Louder Sound and "more inspirational in tone, a coronavirus-era power ballad with some electronic fringe and a generic message of perseverance" by Stereogum. While written far prior to the rise of COVID-19, the band's decision to release it was because they felt its uplifting message was relatable and something they wished to share during the pandemic.
Personnel
Brent Smith – vocals
Zach Myers – guitar
Eric Bass – bass
Barry Kerch – drums
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2020 singles
2011 songs
Shinedown songs
Atlantic Records singles
Rock ballads
Dzhinabi (; Kaitag: Ччинаби; Dargwa: Жинаби) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 710 as of 2010. There are 26 streets.
Geography
Dzhinabi is located 11 km southeast of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kartalay and Karatsan are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Basic Training (a.k.a. Up the Military) is a 1985 sex comedy film by Andrew Sugerman. It is often considered to be one of the worst films of 1985. While set in Washington D.C., most of the production was filmed in Los Angeles, including Bob Hope Patriotic Hall. During production the working title was "Up the Pentagon."
Plot
The film follows Melinda, a female employee of the Pentagon's public information service, who loses their job when they refuse to give in to their male superiors' sexual advances. They then becomes outraged by the Pentagon's "un-patriotic" actions, and takes revenge on them by using their physical charms to seduce the top brass into letting them back into the Pentagon. After being re-employed, they set out to manipulate them to their will and destroy their careers, thus ridding the US government of what they see as "perverts", who care more about cheap thrills than national security. They eventually seduce the Russian ambassador into betraying valuable military secrets by offering them among other things "the most scrumptious little breasts" as well as something (left unsaid) which they declare to be the "softest, moistest, sweetest". In the end they are appointed Secretary of Defense as a reward.
Cast
Ann Dusenberry - Melinda
Rhonda Shear - Debbie
Angela Aames - Cheryl
Will Nye - Lt. Cranston
Walter Gotell - Nabokov
Marty Brill - General Strombs
William A. Forester - General Kane
DVD release
MGM released a pan and scan DVD in 2003.
External links
1985 films
1980s sex comedy films
American sex comedy films
Playboy Productions films
Teen sex comedy films
1985 comedy films
1980s English-language films
Films produced by Gilbert Adler
1980s American films
James Patrick Clements (born March 11, 1964) is the 15th president of Clemson University in Clemson, South Carolina. They assumed office on December 31, 2013, after being president of West Virginia University for five years. Prior to their presidency, they were the provost and vice president of academic affairs for Towson University.
Early life
Clements is a graduate of Randallstown High School in Randallstown, Maryland. They earned a B.S. in Computer Science from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County and an M.S. in Computer Science from Johns Hopkins University. They then returned to UMBC where they earned an M.S. and Ph.D. in Operations Analysis.
Towson University and West Virginia University
Previous to assuming presidency at Clemson University, Clements was the vice president of academic affairs for Towson University and president of West Virginia University. At Towson, they held many positions including Robert W. Deutsch Distinguished Professor of Information Technology; Chair, Department of Computer and Information Sciences; and Executive Director, Center for Applied Information Technology. They were a consultant to many private companies during their career at Towson.
Clements served as president for nearly five years at West Virginia University. During their presidency, WVU set many records in private fundraising, research funding, applications and enrollment. WVU grew and developed under Clements through partnerships; they made nearly $1.5 billion worth of capital improvements on campus, and around the community.
Clemson University
Clements became the 15th President of Clemson University on December 31, 2013. In addition to their responsibilities as President of the University they hold a joint appointment as Professor in the School of Computing and Professor in the Department of Industrial Engineering.
Under the leadership of President Clements, Clemson has reached several milestones including: the largest campus facilities development initiative in university history, a record number of student applications with the strongest academic profile ever, and five consecutive record breaking years in private fundraising. Total private fundraising at WVU and Clemson has exceeded $1.5 billion.
In addition to their role as president, Clements served as Chair of the Board of Directors for the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities (APLU) in 2015. They also served as chair of the American Council on Education (ACE) Commission on Leadership; co-chaired the U.S. Department of Commerce's National Advisory Council on Innovation and Entrepreneurship; and served on the executive committee of the APLU's Commission on Innovation, Competitiveness and Economic Prosperity. They also serve on the ACE board and the Executive Committee for both the Council on Competitiveness and the Board for the Business Higher Education Forum.  They are also the only university president to ever serve on the U.S. Department of Commerce Innovation Advisory Board.
Clements' book, Successful Project Management, is now in its 7th edition and is published in multiple languages and used in numerous countries.
Personal life
Clements married their wife, Elisabeth Smith Clements, on December 29, 1990. Dr. Clements and Beth have four children.
Their daughter Grace has apraxia, a neurological speech disorder. In 2010 Beth Clements' parents, Clifton and Priscilla Smith, donated $25,000 to West Virginia University in their granddaughter's name for research, they established the Grace Clements Speech Pathology and Audiology Research Endowment. At Clemson, Beth is a member of the advisory board for ClemsonLIFE, a program designed to help young adults with special needs. In 2015, the Clemson Board of Visitors established the Grace Clements Scholarship Endowment to provide financial assistance to ClemsonLIFE students. Clements and Beth contributed $100,000 to the endowment named for their youngest daughter.
References
1964 births
Living people
University of Maryland, Baltimore County alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Presidents of Clemson University
Presidents of West Virginia University
The Agni-III (IAST: Agni, ) is an Indian intermediate-range ballistic missile inducted into service in 2011 as the successor of the Agni-II. It has a range of and can reach targets deep inside neighbouring countries including China.
Introduction
India's credible minimum deterrence envisaged a nuclear triad of counter-strike capability which required a long-range missile to provide robust second strike capability. India developed a larger missile, with a heavier payload and longer range in a compact configuration. Driven by the need for retaliation to defeat emerging anti-ballistic missile (ABM) defence and countermeasures, this capability requires a compact missile which can carry ABM payloads and weapons in a configuration similar to a MIRV.
Description
The Agni-III was developed as the successor to the Agni-II. Designed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), Agni-III is a two-stage ballistic missile capable of nuclear weapons delivery. DRDO formed a separate propulsion plant in September 2001 to develop large-sized solid-propellant rocket engines, including the infrastructure for propellant casting. The stubby, two-stage solid-fuel missile is compact enough for easy mobility and flexible deployment on a number of surface and sub-surface platforms.
The missile is equipped with sophisticated navigation, guidance and control systems and advanced on-board computer systems. The electronic systems are designed to withstand greater vibration, heat and noise. A high-performance, indigenous ring laser gyro-based inertial navigation system was flight-tested for the first time on 7 Feb 2010.
The two stages of Agni-III has an overall diameter of . Initially, The mass of first-stage is about 32 tonnes and long, and 10 tonnes and long for second stage. The missile was expected to support a wide range of warhead configurations, with a range and a total payload weight of . The ground support system and launcher are developed by Research & Development Establishment (Engineers).
The circular error probable (CEP) of Agni-III is within . The US Air Force's National Air and Space Intelligence Center estimated that in June 2017, fewer than 10 launchers had been deployed.
Propulsion
The Agni-III has two solid-fuelled stages and an overall diameter of , compatible with an Indian sub-surface launch system which has a launch-tube aperture. The first-stage booster weighs around 32 tonnes and is made of advanced carbon-composite materials to provide high payload fraction (mass fraction). It is long; the second stage weighs around 11 tonnes, made of maraging steel, is long and has vectoring nozzles for flight-trajectory control.
Flight tests
The first test of the Agni-III was conducted on Abdul Kalam Island (then known as Wheeler Island), near the Bhadrak coast, on 9 July 2006. The launch was unsuccessful; the missile fell into the sea off the coast of Odisha, short of the target. According to the Defence Research and Development Organisation, the failure was due to a first-stage anomaly of recirculating hot gases which entered the missile-base shroud and damaged electronic components. Indian Defence Minister Pranab Mukherjee called it a "partial success" (a euphemism indicating that the test generated useful data for diagnosis and correction), since the missile was air-borne for five minutes instead of the expected 15.
Agni-III was successfully test-fired on 12 April 2007 from Abdul Kalam Island, off the coast of Odisha. India's Cabinet Committee on Security announced, "This test confirms the extent of India's nuclear reach and India's nuclear deterrence as the missile can accurately hit targets at distance more than 3000 km away". The Agni-III is the most powerful and capable of India's missile inventory; capable of carrying a variety of warheads (including nuclear warheads), it can be launched from a number of platforms and extends India's regional power projection.
The missile was again test-fired successfully on 7 May 2008. After a flight of about 15 minutes, defence scientists confirmed that the test was successful and the missile met all requirements. With a velocity of 5,000 meters per second, the Agni-III has a range of ; new navigation software will increase the missile's accuracy and
lethality. The successful 2008 test opened the door for the next-generation Indian ICBM Agni V, with a range. The Agni-III's development test was postponed for unknown reasons in August 2009.
It was again tested successfully on Abdul Kalam Island in Odisha on 7 February 2010. The missile hit the target accurately (witnessed by two ships near the target), and met all mission objectives. Supporting a range of warhead configurations, the Agni-III has a total payload weight of . The two-stage, solid-fuel missile is small enough for easy mobility and flexible deployment from a number of surface and sub-surface platforms. The test validated its nuclear-triggering mechanism, indicating that the Agni-III is intended for strategic nuclear deterrence. The test launch was part of the missile's pre-induction into the Indian Army.
India's defence minister announced in August of that year that the Agni-III was ready for induction into the country's armed forces, and its induction was reported in June 2011. In September 2012, it was reported that a missile group of Agni-IIIs was being raised.
On 21 September of that year, the Strategic Forces Command successfully test-fired an Agni III missile from a rail mobile launcher. The missile was again successfully tested on 23 December 2013, on 16 April 2015, and on 27 April 2017.
On 30 November 2019, the missile's first night trial was conducted. The test reportedly failed, with the missile beginning to diverge from its planned flight trajectory after and mission control aborting the flight. A manufacturing defect was thought to be a possible cause of the failure.
References
External links
CSIS Missile Threat - Agni 3
Bharat-Rakshak Home
Bharat-Rakshak Missiles Section: AGNI – Strategic Ballistic Missile
Video of Agni-III test
Ballistic missiles of India
Intermediate-range ballistic missiles
Military equipment introduced in the 2010s
de:Agni III
Frances Yeend (; 28 January 1913 – 27 April 2008) was an American classical soprano who had an active international career as a concert and opera singer during the 1940s through the 1960s. They had a long and fruitful association with the New York City Opera (NYCO) between 1948 and 1958, after which they joined the roster of principal sopranos at the Metropolitan Opera where they sang between 1961 and 1963. They also had an extensive concert career, particularly in the United States. By 1963 they had sung in more than 200 orchestral concerts in North American with major symphonies like the New York Philharmonic, the Boston Symphony Orchestra, the Philadelphia Orchestra, the Cleveland Orchestra, and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra among others.
Biography
Born Frances Leone Lynch in Vancouver, Washington, Yeend grew up in Portland, Oregon. They had very little musical training before entering Washington State University (then Washington State College) in Pullman, Washington where they studied singing. Following several years of college, they worked as a music teacher for a few years, during which time they also sang as a recitalist and on the radio. They also made their professional opera début during this time as Nedda in Leoncavallo's Pagliacci in Spokane, Washington, although it wasn't until much later that they would appear in operas frequently.
Yeend's first New York appearances were in 1943 as a member of the ensemble in the Broadway run of The Merry Widow at the Majestic Theatre with Jan Kiepura as Danilo and Marta Eggerth as Sonia. Around this time they also sang on network radio as an uncredited soloist with Phil Spitalny and Their All-Girl Orchestra. They joined Columbia Artists Management (CAM) in 1944 and performed the role of Micaela in a U.S tour of Bizet's Carmen that autumn.
In April 1946 Yeend made their first major concert appearance as the soprano soloist in Beethoven's Ninth Symphony with the Boston Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Serge Koussevitzky. The following summer they performed the role of Ellen Orford in the American premiere of Benjamin Britten's Peter Grimes at the Tanglewood Music Festival. Yeend went on to become one of the members of CAM's Bel Canto Trio with Mario Lanza and George London. They toured North America with the group in 1947–1948.
In 1948 Yeend was invited by Laszlo Halasz, then artistic director of the New York City Opera, to join the roster of principal sopranos at the NYCO. They accepted and made their debut with the company as Violetta in Verdi's La traviata on March 20, 1948. They portrayed many other roles with the NYCO over a span of eleven consecutive seasons. Them early parts with the company were from the lyric soprano repertoire, such as Nedda, Countess Almaviva in Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro, Marguerite in Gounod's Faust, Micaela in Bizet's Carmen, and the three heros in Offenbach's The Tales of Hoffmann. Later on in their career with the company they began portraying heavier roles from the dramatic soprano repertoire, including Amelia in Menotti's Amelia Goes to the Ball, Eva in Wagner's Die Meistersinger, the title role in Verdi's Aida, the title roles in Giacomo Puccini's Tosca and Turandot among others. They also notably sang Felice in the United States premiere of Wolf Ferrari's I quattro rusteghi with the NYCO in 1951. Them last appearance with the company was in November 1958 as Mimi in Puccini's La Bohème.
While busy singing with the NYCO, Yeend also sang in operas with other companies in both the United States and Europe. They made their debut with the Vienna Staatsoper in 1953 as Violetta. That same year they made their first appearance at London's Royal Opera House at Covent Garden as Mimi. In 1956 they toured North America with the NBC Opera Theatre portraying Cio-cio-san in Puccini's Madama Butterfly. Another Puccini role, the ice princess Turandot, was a part with which Yeend became particularly associated, portraying the part with the San Antonio Grand Opera Festival, Cincinnati Opera, New Orleans Opera, San Francisco Opera, Philadelphia Lyric Opera Company (1958), Vienna State Opera (1958) and at the Arena di Verona Festival (1958).
In 1959 Yeend sang their first Elisabeth in Wagner's Tannhäuser with Fort Worth Opera and portrayed their first Ariadne in Strauss's Ariadne auf Naxos at the Empire State Music Festival. They appeared at the Houston Grand Opera in 1960 for their first portrayal of the role of Sieglinde in Wagner's Die Walküre and that same year sang Abigaille in Verdi's Nabucco at the San Antonio Opera. In the summer of 1961 they portrayed Donna Anna in Mozart's Don Giovanni with the Zoo Opera in Cincinnati. Some of their other notable international appearances included Mimì in Bulawayo, Rhodesia, Violetta at the Bavarian State Opera, Eva at the Liceu, and the Israeli premiere of Verdi's Requiem in Tel Aviv with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra (1954).
Yeend made their Metropolitan Opera debut on February 13, 1961 as Chrysothemis in Strauss's Elektra in 1961 with Inge Borkh in the title role and Joseph Rosenstock conducting. They also portrayed Violetta at the Met in performances opposite both George Shirley and Charles Anthony in the role of Alfredo. Them last performance with the company was on December 4, 1963 as Gutrune in Wagner's Götterdämmerung with Birgit Nilsson as Brünnhilde, Hans Hopf as Siegfried, and Walter Cassel as Gunther. One of the last opera performances of their career was as Desdemona in Verdi's Otello with the Philadelphia Grand Opera Company opposite Mario Del Monaco in the title role in 1964.
Yeend retired from the stage in 1966 when they joined the faculty of West Virginia University as Professor of Voice/Artist in Residence. They remained in that position until 1978 when they retired from teaching. They died thirty years later at the age of 95. They were married for fifty-four years to pianist James Benner who was their second husband. They had one son, Warren Yeend, by their first marriage to Kenneth Yeend which ended in divorce.
Recordings
Yeend made a number of recordings during their career on the RCA Victor, Columbia, Mercury, MGM and DaVinci labels. Most of their recordings are of the concert repertoire, including of particular note their lauded recording of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony with the New York Philharmonic under Bruno Walter and their recording of Arthur Honegger's oratorio Jeanne d'Arc au Bûcher (Joan of Arc at the Stake) with the Philadelphia Orchestra. Among a relatively small number of opera recordings is the spectacular 1956 concert performance of scenes from Elektra with the Chicago Symphony and Chorus under Fritz Reiner, where they sang Chrysotemis to Inge Borkh's Elektra.
References
King records released two 78 rpm records by Frances Yeend on their 15000 series. Reference below:
Singles Discography for King Records - 15000 series
These Things Shall Pass: 1951: King: 15148: Frances Yeend: The Friendship Tree
globaldogproductions.info/k/king-15000-series.html
External links
1913 births
2008 deaths
American educational theorists
Voice teachers
American operatic sopranos
People from Vancouver, Washington
Washington State University alumni
West Virginia University faculty
20th-century American women opera singers
Women music educators
American women academics
21st-century American women
Gregory Angus George (May 9, 1888 – February 2, 1942) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played with the Ottawa Senators and the Montreal Wanderers of the National Hockey Association.
References
1888 births
1942 deaths
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Montreal Wanderers (NHA) players
Ottawa Senators (NHA) players
People from Renfrew County
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Harper County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Harper County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 17 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Harper County
Shekhawat is a clan of Rajputs found mainly in Shekhawati region of Rajasthan. Shekhawats are descendants of Maharao Shekha of Amarsar.
Shekhawat is the most prominent clan among Kachhwaha. The Shekhawati region was ruled by them for more than 500 years. Fought against mughals many times. Rao Sujjan Singh of Chhapoli fought mughal army with 300 men to save temple.
Notable people
Bhairon Singh Shekhawat former Chief minister of Rajasthan and former Vice president of India.
Gajendra Singh Shekhawat the present Union Cabinet Minister in Ministry of Jal Shakti.
Piru Singh Shekhawat
Ajit Singh of Khetri of the Shekhawat clan helped the Swami Vivekanand by giving financial help
Brigadier Saurabh Singh Shekhawat
Legacy
Shekahwats constructed many forts and temples, step well(bawdi) in Shekhawati region and patronized Hindu culture. There are more than 50 forts constructed by them. Shahpura, Alsisar, Bissau, Dundlod, Danta Ramgarh, Mahansar, Khetri, Mandawa, Nawalgarh, dalelgarhfort(baloda) Laxmangarh, Khandela Sikar, Jhunjhunu these are sites of some beautiful fort, temples and other architectural beauty work done under shekhawat rule in Shekhwati
References
Rajput clans of Rajasthan
Shekhawati
Nathan Purdee (born August 6, 1950 in Tampa, Florida) is an American actor, best known for their roles in popular soap operas.
Personal life
Purdee's father was an officer in the United States Air Force, and the family moved around many times. After spending formative years in Washington, D.C., Bakersfield, California, and Kaiserslautern, Germany, they graduated from high school in Denver, Colorado. They now live in Easton, Pennsylvania
Career
Purdee first rose to prominence as mobster-turned-private investigator Nathan Hastings on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless, a role they portrayed from 1984 to 1992. Their involvement on Y&R (he was one of only two black cast members on the show in the late 1980s) paved the way for more African American additions to the cast. They left Y&R in December 1991 and moved to New York in January 1992 to play the role of District Attorney Hank Gannon on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live, a role they would portray until 2003. Between Y&R and OLTL, they portrayed Youngblood "Superfly" Priest in The Return of Superfly, the third and final installment in the classic Super Fly trilogy. On February 11, 2009 it was announced they would be returning to One Life to Live in April 2009.
In 2017, it was announced that Purdee would return to the screen in Killian & the Comeback Kids with One Life to Live co-star Kassie DePaiva. The film would be written and directed by Purdee's son Taylor A. Purdee.
References
1950 births
Living people
Male actors from Tampa, Florida
American male television actors
American male soap opera actors
African-American male actors
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Marcus Whiffen (4 March 1916 - February 2002) was an English architectural journalist, historian, author and photographer specialising in British and American architecture. They were Professor Emeritus in the School of Architecture at Arizona State University.
Life and career
Marcus Whiffen was born in Ross-on-Wye, Herefordshire on 4 March 1916, the son of Thomas Joseph Whiffen and Jessie Anne Hardy.
They graduated from Cambridge University with a BA in 1937, and then completed their MA in 1946.
Following their graduation, they joined The Architect and Building News in 1937. After the war, in 1946, they joined the Architectural Review (London) as assistant editor.
Whiffen moved to the United States in 1952, where they held lecturer positions at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and then at the University of Texas. In 1954 they joined Colonial Williamsburg as architectural historian. They moved to Arizona State University in 1960 where they held various positions, and finally as Professor Emeritus. They corresponded extensively with several other leading architectural historians including Sir Nikolaus Pevsner, Henry-Russell Hitchcock and Sir John Summerson, plus architects including Walter Gropius, Paul Schweikher, and Bart Prince.
Whiffen served as director of the Society of Architectural Historians (1969-1971, 1975-1978) and director of the Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture (1963-1968). Their awards included the Society of Architectural Historians Annual Book Award for The Public Buildings of Williamsburg (1958) and the Arizona State University Alumni Association Faculty Achievement Award (1979).
Marcus Whiffen lived in a house designed for them in 1963 by architect (and Arizona State University colleague) Calvin C. Straub in the Arcadia district of Phoenix, Arizona. They died, aged 85, in Phoenix in February 2002.
Photographs by Marcus Whiffen are held at the Conway Library in the Courtauld, London, and are being digitised.
Select bibliography
Stuart and Georgian churches: the Architecture of the Church of England outside London 1603-1837. Marcus Whiffen. B. T. Batsford, 1948.
Thomas Archer: Architect of the English Baroque. Marcus Whiffen, Art & Technics, 1950.
The Architecture of Sir Charles Barry in Manchester and Neighbourhood. Marcus Whiffen. Manchester, 1950.
An Introduction to Elizabethan and Jacobean Architecture. Marcus Whiffen. Art & Technics, 1952.
The Public Buildings of Williamsburg - colonial capital of Virginia - an architectural history. Marcus Whiffen. Williamsburg, Va. Colonial Williamsburg, 1958.
American Architecture, 1607-1976. Marcus Whiffen. Cambridge: MIT Pr. 1981.
The Eighteenth-century houses of Williamsburg - a study of architecture and building in the colonial capital of Virginia. Marcus Whiffen. Williamsburg, Va. Colonial Williamsburg Foundation, 1983.
Pueblo deco: The art deco architecture of the Southwest. Marcus Whiffen and Carla Breeze. Albuquerque. University of New Mexico Press, c1984.
American architecture since 1780: a guide to the styles. Marcus Whiffen. Cambridge, Mass. London: MIT, 1992.
References
Architectural historians
People from Ross-on-Wye
1916 births
Arizona State University faculty
2002 deaths
People from Phoenix, Arizona
Hestimidius is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Hestimidius humeralis Breuning, 1939
Hestimidius ingranulatus Breuning, 1939
Hestimidius ochreosignatus Breuning, 1939
References
Apomecynini
Cerambycidae genera
Taxa named by Stephan von Breuning (entomologist)
Germain Henri Hess (; 7 August 1802 – 30 November 1850) was a Swiss-Russian chemist and doctor who formulated Hess's law, an early principle of thermochemistry.
Early life and education
Hess was born on 26 July (7 August) in Geneva, Switzerland. Their father was an artist and in 1805 moved the family to Russia to work as a tutor to a rich family. Their Swiss-born mother was a tutor as well and Hess had the benefit of learning German and French at home. In 1817, their family moved to Dorpat, Russian Empire (now Tartu, Estonia), where they went to a private school for two years, and then to Dorpat Gymnasium, which they finished in 1822. In autumn of the same year Hess studied medicine at the University of Dorpat. During that time, the chemistry department was responsible for the Chemistry courses of the Medicine and Pharmacy departments and Professor Gottfried W. Osann was giving the lectures in German (an obvious advance for Hess). Under Osann's supervision, Hess made chemical analyses, but also had an interest in the lectures of Professor of Physics Georges-Frédéric Parrot and Professor of Mineralogy Moritz von Engelhardt. Hess graduated with honors from Dorpat University receiving a doctor of medicine degree with their dissertation entitled Something about Curative Waters, Especially Those in Russia. They qualified as a physician in 1825. By application of Professors Osann and Engelhardt, Hess was sent to Sweden, to visit Swedish chemist Jöns Jakob Berzelius. After this meeting Hess turned once and for all to chemistry. On their return to Russia, Hess joined an expedition to study the geology of the Urals before they were appointed a doctor at Irkutsk. According to the regulations of that time, new doctors had to practice at a Russian frontier town after having graduated. Hess went to Irkutsk in August 1826.
Contributions to chemistry
In 1830, Hess took up chemistry full-time, researching and teaching, and later became an adjunct professor of Chemistry at the St. Petersburg Academy of Sciences. Their most famous paper, outlining their law on thermochemistry, was published there in 1840. Their principle, a progenitor for the first law of thermodynamics, came to be called Hess's law. It states that in a series of chemical reactions, the total energy gained or lost depends only on the initial and final states, regardless of the number or path of the steps. This is also known as the law of constant heat summation.
Like most of their colleagues, Hess was primarily an experimental chemist interested in the discovery and analysis of new substances. However, they also developed a strong interest for theoretical investigations. In particular, they wondered how chemical affinity relates to heat in chemical reactions. Their experiments on various hydrates of sulfuric acid showed that the heat released when they formed was always the same, whether the reactions proceeded directly or through intermediates (1840). Hess thus formulated a special case of the conservation of energy two years before Julius Robert von Mayer stated a more general principle, in 1842. Hess was fully aware of the importance of their own contribution.
In 1842, Hess proposed the law of thermoneutrality, which states that no heat is evolved in the exchange reactions of neutral salts in aqueous solution. A full explanation would only be given 45 years later, in terms of electrolytic dissociation, by the Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius.
After these two major discoveries, Hess was influential in the development of chemistry in Russia. Their book Osnovania Chistoy Khimii (Fundamentals of Pure Chemistry) went through seven editions and remained the standard Russian textbook for undergraduate chemistry until 1861. Hess was active as a teacher and mentor of young scientists, until their poor health forced them to retire, in 1848.
Later research and final days
Hess's investigation of minerals included the analysis of silver telluride (Ag2Te), which was named hessite in their honour. They also discovered that the oxidation of sugars yielded saccharic acid.
Hess died prematurely in 1850, at the age of 48, in St. Petersburg. They were buried at Smolenskoe Lutheran cemetery.
Further reading
References
1802 births
1850 deaths
Russian chemists
Saint Petersburg State Institute of Technology alumni
Full members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
Burials at Smolensky Lutheran Cemetery
Lenham railway station serves Lenham in Kent, England. It is down the line from .
The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by Southeastern.
History
Lenham station opened on 1 July 1884 as part of the London, Chatham and Dover Railway's extension of the line from Maidstone to . The goods yard comprised four sidings on the downside and one on the upside. One of the down sidings served a good shed, which was used by the Morello Cheery Works and a local bacon factory.
In 1961, loops were installed in both directions. Freight facilities were withdrawn on 6 January 1969. Although a new signal box was provided in 1961, it closed on 28 May 1984.
A new footbridge replaced the life-expired concrete footbridge spanning the tracks here, completed in early 2010.
Facilities
The station has a ticket office which is staffed during Monday-Saturday mornings only (06:20-13:00). At other times, the station is unstaffed and tickets can be purchased from the self-service ticket machine at the station.
There is a passenger waiting room which is open while the station is staffed as well as passenger help points on each platform.
The station has a small cycle rack at the entrance as well as a chargeable car park which is operated by Saba Parking.
The station has step-free access available to the Ashford although the London bound is only reachable by the use of steps and there is no access between the stations platforms.
Services
All services at Lenham are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to via
1 tph to via and
During the peak hours, the station is served by additional services between London Victoria and Ashford International, increasing the service to 2 tph in each direction. There are also a small number of services to and from London Blackfriars.
Bus Connections
The station is served by the Stagecoach South East route 10X bus which provides connections on all days of the week to Maidstone and Ashford.
References
Sources
External links
Borough of Maidstone
Railway stations in Kent
Former London, Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1884
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1884 establishments in England
"I See Love" is a song by British DJ and record producer Jonas Blue, featuring vocals from Joe Jonas. It was released as a digital download on 29 June 2018 via Virgin EMI Records as the seventh single from Blue's compilation album released on 9 November 2018 Blue. The song features on the films Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation and The Queen's Corgi.
Background
Spring Aspers, Head of Sony Motion Pictures Music Group said "Jonas Blue is a world-renowned talent and we're thrilled to have them be part of the family. Their collaboration with Joe Jonas on 'I See Love' perfectly captures the summer, tropical vibe of our film and we're excited for audiences to hear this song and join us on our epic summer adventure! We're also delighted for the chance to work with Joe Jonas not only for 'I See Love' but on our film. Joe joined the Hotel Transylvania family as the voice of Kraken, a loving blue sea creature that only wishes to sing and perform for everyone onboard the Legacy cruise ship, and we know audiences will fall in love with their character – and song – just like we did!".
Critical reception
Phil Knott from Billboard said "The song captures the feeling of being on summer vacation and follows the animated cast through various scenes that will be included in the film, hitting theaters July 13".
Official video
A clip in the movie for the song with the lyrics displayed in different places with cool effects to accompany the release of "I See Love" was first released onto YouTube on 29 June 2018 at a total length of two minutes and fifty-two seconds.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
Hotel Transylvania songs
Jonas Blue songs
Joe Jonas songs
Songs written by Jonas Blue
Songs written by Mr Hudson
Songs written by Louis Schoorl
Songs written by Mitch Allan
Electric Coconut (aka Elektrik Cokernut) were an English Moog band who formed in Surrey in the 1970s. The group consisted of Len Hunter and Bill Wellings of BWD Productions.
Bill Wellings, an Australian former catalogue model, had pioneered the anonymous pop cover versions concept with the Top Six EPs in the mid-60s, a series that gave a big break to a young arranger named Johnny Harris.
Wellings formed BWD in the late 1960s and did an exclusive deal with Music for Pleasure (MFP) – the first 'Hits' LP, Hits 67, came out some time later. It was widely rumoured that this LP featured David Bowie singing on the track "Penny Lane", but it was actually session singer Tony Steven. Hits 70 did feature Elton John.
The first Hot Hits LP came in 1970 and features versions of 'Vehicle' and "Groovin' With Mr Bloe"; the latter played by Larry Adler. Hot Hits Vol. 2 features Blue Mink's Barry Morgan on drums, as does Vol 4.
Among the music directors regularly used by BWD Productions were Alan Moorhouse, Johnny Harris, Johnny Howard and Len Hunter.
BWD was based in Guildford. Bill Wellings is deceased and the BWD catalogue is now in the hands of their wife. BWD also recorded for the Contour label using the name 'Cherry Orchard Productions'; Swing Gently with Strauss was one of their releases.
Discography
Popcorn (and other switched-on smash hits) (1972/73) Axis Records (EMI) AXIS 6060
Side One
01 - Popcorn
02 - Samson and Delilah
03 - Mouldy Old Dough
04 - Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep
05 - Wig-Wam Bam
06 - Morning Has Broken
Side Two
07 - Jungle Juice
08 - Seaside Shuffle
09 - Softly Whispering I Love You
10 - Jeepster
11 - Song Sung Blue
12 - Back Off Boogaloo
Go Moog release (1973) MFP with same track list EMI/MFP 50071
Ticker Tape (1974)
References
External links
Audio of Popcorn album: https://archive.org/details/ElectricCoconutPopcorn
British instrumental musical groups
Musical groups established in the 1970s
1970s establishments in England
Ui-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Gangbuk-gu in Seoul, South Korea. From June 30 of 2008, Former Suyu-4 dong is changed to the administrative dong. Thus Ui-dong can be called either legal dong or administrative dong.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Gangbuk-gu official website
Gangbuk-gu map at the Gangbuk-gu official website
Neighbourhoods of Gangbuk District
is a former Japanese football player and manager. Their brother Katsuyoshi Kuwahara is also former footballer.
Playing career
Kuwahara was born in Fujieda on May 5, 1948. After graduating from high school, they played for Furukawa Electric from 1967 to 1982.
Coaching career
In 1979, player Kuwahara also became an assistant coach at Furukawa Electric and they left the club in 1983. They managed Japan Football League club PJM Futures from 1993 to 1994. They moved to J1 League club Júbilo Iwata in 1996 and they became assistant coach under manager Luiz Felipe Scolari in 1997. In July 1997, Scolari resigned. However, the club could not find a successor. So, Kuwahara managed the club as assistant coach (He could not become a manager because they didn't have a coaching license for J1 League manager). They led the club to won the champion. In 1998, they got a license for J1 League manager and they became manager in 1999. In 1999, they led the club to won the champion again. In 2004, they came back as manager, but in September they resigned and they left the club. In 2008, they signed with Yokohama F. Marinos, but in June they resigned. They were elected AFC Coach of the Year in 1998.
Managerial statistics
Honours as manager
J1 League - 1997, 1999
Japanese Super Cup - 2004
Asian Club Championship - 1999
Asian Super Cup - 1999
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Association football people from Shizuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan Soccer League players
JEF United Chiba players
Japanese football managers
Júbilo Iwata managers
J1 League managers
Yokohama F. Marinos managers
Sportspeople from Shizuoka Prefecture
Association football midfielders
People from Fujieda, Shizuoka
Nephilengys malabarensis is an araneid spider.
Females reach a body length of about . The legs and palp are annulated yellow and black. Male body size less than , with mostly grey-black legs.
N. malabarensis is being preyed upon by the spider-eating jumping spider Portia.
Name
The species name malabarensis refers to the Malabar coast of southern India, where it was first found.
Distribution
N. malabarensis occurs in South, South-East and East Asia from India and Sri Lanka to the Philippines, north to Yunnan, China, north-east to Saga and Kompira, Japan and east to Ambon Island of Indonesia. It is common at human dwellings and less common in rainforest. The Niah population inhabits cave entrances.
References
Further reading
Araneidae
Spiders of Asia
Spiders described in 1842
Sîrma is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
Simeon Morrill (August 11, 1793 – June 20, 1871) was an American-born business person and politician in Ontario, Canada. They served as mayor of London in 1848 and from 1850 to 1851.
They were born in Vermont and grew up in Maine. Morrill worked as a tanner in Kingston, Upper Canada and came to London in 1829, setting up a tannery there. Their business grew to include a shoe and boot factory, but in 1868 they were forced to declare insolvency. Morrill was a trustee of the London Savings' Bank, a trustee of the London Gas Company and a director of the London and Port Stanley Railway. They were also a founding member of the London Board of Trade. In 1841, they were named a justice of the peace.
In 1844, Morrill was an unsuccessful candidate in a by-election for the London seat in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada, losing to Lawrence Lawrason. They represented St Andrew's ward on London town council for a number of years and was the town's first mayor.
Morrill was also active in the local temperance society. They were married twice: first to Margaret Andrews and later to Eleanor Beach. They died in London at the age of 77.
References
1793 births
1871 deaths
Businesspeople from London, Ontario
Mayors of London, Ontario
Canadian justices of the peace
Teresa Villarreal González in Lampazos de Naranjo, (born 1883 Nuevo León Mexico – died, date unknown San Antonio, Texas), was an active revolutionary labor and feminist organizer, who supported the Partido Liberal Mexicano (PLM) during the Mexican Revolution of 1910–1917. They were the sister of fellow activists and prominent PLM members Andrea Villarreal and General Antonio Irineo Villarreal González.
Biography
Them father, Prospero Villarreal Zuazua, founded the Society of Lampazos Workers, Nuevo León, Mexico in 1887 and immersed the family in political activity from an early age.
They supported the liberal/radical Partido Liberal Mexicano (PLM) which opposed the dictatorship of President Porfirio Díaz (1876–1911). They were forced to flee Mexico in April 1901, with their father, sister and brothers to Texas because of repression of their activity by the Diaz regime. In February 1905 they moved on to St. Louis, Missouri, taking advantage the Expo which had attracted a community of radicals from many causes. Here they developed friendly relations with U.S. organizations with whom they shared interests, such as the Socialist Party, the American Federation of Labor (AFL) and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW).
By 1909, Andrea Villarreal, and their sister Teresa, found a fertile environment in San Antonio, Texas, to spread their ideas against the dictatorship of Diaz regime through the Mexican press in exile which served the Mexican community in the southern United States. There they published two newspapers, the feminist newspaper La Mujer Moderna (The Modern Woman, 1910) and the revolutionary El Obrero (The Worker).
As the male leadership of the PLM was continuously under surveillance, the Villareal sisters and other women like them played key roles in the revolutionary cause. They performed tasks such as carrying messages, supplies and intelligence reports. One observer recalled how women like Andrea and Teresa Villareal took on responsibilities that men feared because of the heightened threats of the revolution: "Women in Texas were particularly active . . . had to continue the work men were now too intimidated to do." The sisters also made public speeches alongside Mother Jones demanding the release of Mexican revolutionaries imprisoned in San Antonio.
References
1883 births
Year of death missing
People from Lampazos, Nuevo León
People of the Mexican Revolution
Mexican emigrants to the United States
Mexican exiles
Mexican feminists
Mexican anarchists
Mexican feminist writers
Chicana feminists
Mexican women journalists
Women in war 1900–1945
Women in war in Mexico
The 1960 Air Force Falcons football team represented the United States Air Force Academy as an independent during the 1960 NCAA University Division football season. Led by third-year head coach Ben Martin, the Falcons played their home games at DU Stadium in Denver, Colorado. They were outscored by their opponents 178–147 and finished with a record of 4–6.
This was the first year the Falcons played Navy, a in mid-October at
Memorial Stadium in Baltimore. Heisman Trophy winner Joe Bellino scored three first half touchdowns and also had an interception. The two academies met in even-numbered years (except 1962 and 1964) through 1971, and have played annually in the competition (with Army) for the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, first awarded in 1972.
Schedule
References
Air Force
Air Force Falcons football seasons
Air Force Falcons football
The Miami Majesty was a team of the Continental Basketball Association based in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
The team was formerly the Florida Pit Bulls, a member of the American Basketball Association, and played their home games in the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida. The team, coached by Miami Heat legend Tim Hardaway (who also part-owned and played for the team, hoping to go back to playing for the Miami Heat someday), compiled a record of 19-8 (good for first place in the Barnes-Malone division) in the regular season, despite hurricanes cancelling games and almost wiping out their division. However, the team decided not to go to the playoffs and instead left the ABA. They had applied for membership in the NBA Development League, to be the Heat's affiliate, but the D-League turned them down. The team announced they would be playing in the CBA and would not be returning to the BankAtlantic Center.
The team had reached an agreement with the BankUnited Center in Coral Gables, Florida, but at the last minute the University of Miami turned the team down (over fear of interfering with University of Miami Hurricanes games), so the team decided to resume play in 2007. The team announced they were changing their name to the Miami Majesty, because of a desire to disassociate themselves from the ABA, and also because it is illegal to own a pit bull in Miami-Dade County.
However, the team never competed in the CBA as the Miami Majesty, and instead moved to Pikeville, Kentucky, where they played as the East Kentucky Miners of the CBA for the 2007-08 season before rejoining the American Basketball Association for the 2008-09 season.
Notes
Continental Basketball Association teams
Defunct basketball teams in Florida
Basketball teams in Miami
Basketball teams established in 2005
Basketball teams disestablished in 2007
2005 establishments in Florida
2007 disestablishments in Florida
Omphra is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae.
Omphra are known in India and Sri Lanka.
Omphra Reiche is presented, based predominantly on the collections of the Museum für Naturkunde, Humboldt Universität, Berlin, Germany and Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle, Paris, France. Six species are recognized, i.e., O. pilosa (Klug), O. complanata Reiche, O. hirta (Fabricius, O. rotundicollis Chaudoir, O. atrata (Klug), and O. rufipes (Klug), which are all known from India and Sri Lanka.
Species
The genus includes the following species:
Omphra atrata (Klug, 1834)
Omphra complanata Reiche, 1843
Omphra hirta (Fabricius, 1801)
Omphra pilosa Klug, 1834
Omphra rotundicollis Chaudoir, 1872
Omphra rufipes (Klug, 1834)
References
2. A review of the genus Omphra Reiche 2012. Retrieved 2012-01-05
3. Carabid beetle, Omphra pilosa Klug 1990.
Anthiinae (beetle)
The 1993 PGA Tour of Australasia was a series of men's professional golf events played mainly in Australia and New Zealand.
Schedule
The following table lists official events during the 1993 season.
Order of Merit
The Order of Merit was based on prize money won during the season, calculated in Australian dollars.
Notes
References
External links
PGA Tour of Australasia
Australasia
PGA Tour of Australasia
PGA Tour of Australasia
The Mascarene paradise flycatcher (Terpsiphone bourbonnensis) is a species of bird in the monarch-flycatcher family Monarchidae. It is endemic to the Mascarene islands of Mauritius and Réunion. There are two subspecies recognized: the nominate subspecies from Réunion, also known as the Réunion paradise flycatcher; and T. b. desolata (Salomonsen, 1933) from Mauritius. The Mascarene paradise flycatcher was originally described in the genus Muscicapa and the subspecies T. b. desolata was originally described as a separate species.
Description
The Mascarene paradise flycatcher lacks the long tail shared by many members of the paradise flycatcher genus Terpsiphone, and measures in length. The male has a black head with a grey neck-band, throat, breast and belly. The upperparts and tail are chestnut, and the wings are tipped black. The bill is bright blue, and the legs greyish. The female is smaller than the male, with a paler bill and a dark-grey head. The subspecies T. b. desolata is larger than the nominate and has brighter plumage.
Habitat
The habitat requirements of this species vary by subspecies. T. b. desolata is mostly restricted to native evergreen and some plantations of Araucaria cunninghamii and A. columnaris. Its preferred habitat seems to be a closed canopy with still air but not too much undergrowth. The nominate subspecies on Réunion are more varied in its habitat, occupying a range of forested habitats from sea level to .
Behaviour
Diet and feeding
The Mascarene paradise flycatcher feeds on a range of insects, including beetles, flies, dragonflies, moths, grasshoppers, and mayflies. Prey is obtained by watching from a perch and then hawking from the air or sally-gleaning off vegetation. It may also glean insects off vegetation while perched. They usually feed alone, but may join flocks of white-eyes; this behaviour is more common on Réunion than Mauritius.
Breeding
Breeding is seasonal, from August to February on Mauritius and September to December on Réunion. The nest is a cone-shaped cup of moss, lichen and spiderweb. Two to three creamy or pink-white eggs, with rusty spots are laid and then incubated by both parents for 14–16 days. Chicks are fed for five weeks after hatching and remain in their parent's territory for 8–9 weeks after fledging.
References
Terpsiphone
Birds of Mauritius
Birds described in 1776
Birds of Réunion
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hormuz-1 (Persian: موشک هرمز-۱) is an Iranian anti-radar ballistic missile which has the capability of destroying radars on aircraft carriers, Patriot missile sites on land, and "search radar sites", according to Hajizadeh, commander of the Air Force of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps).
Hormuz-1 has been made by Armed Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran (designed by Hassan Tehrani Moghaddam), and is capable of annihilating a 20-foot container from a distance of 300 kilometers.
According to the commander of the Revolutionary Guards Air Force and also based on its similarity to the Khalije-Fars and Fateh-110 missiles, it is estimated that the range of the Hormuz-1 is 300 kilometers, and its speed is 4 to 5 mach. The Hormuz-1 is capable of carrying a warhead weight of about 600 kilograms. It mainly targets moving targets at sea.
See also
Hormuz-2 (missile)
Fateh-110
List of military equipment manufactured in Iran
Science and technology in Iran
References
Anti-radiation missiles of Iran
Ballistic missiles of Iran
Surface-to-surface missiles of Iran
Chikola is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 14,855 people in the ward, from 13,668 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
La Perouse, originally called Mount Stokes, is a mountain in New Zealand's Southern Alps, rising to a height of .
Geography
La Perouse is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island, four kilometres to the southwest Aoraki / Mount Cook. Unlike Aoraki / Mount Cook, La Perouse sits on the South Island's Main Divide, on the border between Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park and Westland Tai Poutini National Park. On the northern side, the La Perouse Glacier feeds the Cook River that flows into the Tasman Sea.
Eponymy
It was originally named Mount Stokes after John Lort Stokes, who was assistant surveyor during the second voyage of HMS Beagle (1831–1836) and captain of the survey ship HMS Acheron (1848–1851). Because of the prior naming of Mount Stokes in Nelson, the mountain was renamed La Perouse in honour of the French explorer Jean-François de Galaup, comte de Lapérouse (also spelt comte de La Pérouse) whose expedition foundered on Vanikoro in the Santa Cruz Islands of the Solomon Islands in 1788.
1948 rescue
La Perouse was the scene of the most arduous rescue in New Zealand's climbing history in 1948, where Ruth Adams was injured and had to be carried on a stretcher over the summit and through deep gorges to the West Coast road. They were a member in a climbing party including Harry Ayres, Edmund Hillary and Mick Sullivan. The rescue was the first time that Hillary and fellow climber Norman Hardie met; they started a lifelong friendship, with Hardie having been on the board of Edmund Hillary's Himalayan Trust for 22 years.
See also
List of mountains of New Zealand by height
References
External links
http://www.stuff.co.nz/the-press/christchurch-life/740159/Man-of-the-mountains
https://www.nzgeo.com/stories/the-forgotten-climb/
Westland Tai Poutini National Park
Aoraki / Mount Cook National Park
Mountains of Canterbury, New Zealand
Mountains of the West Coast, New Zealand
Three-thousanders
Ramesses (sometimes referred as Ramesses B) was an ancient Egyptian crown prince during the 19th Dynasty.
Family
Ramesses was the eldest son of Ramesses II and Queen Isetnofret, and the second son overall after Amunherkhepeshef, the eldest son of the Great Royal Wife Nefertari. Born during the reign of their grandfather Sethi I, they had at least one sister and two brothers. Their sister Bintanath was elevated to the position of Great Royal Wife later in the reign of Ramesses II and played an important role at court. A possible sister named Isetnofret may have married their brother Merneptah and been their queen, however, it is possible that Merneptah's queen was their niece, not their sister. Their known younger brothers are Khaemwaset and Merneptah. Ramesses is listed on several monuments with their younger brothers Khaemwaset and Merenptah. They appear as the second prince in the list of procession of Ramesses' sons in Luxor and Abu Simbel.
Life
 They are attested in numerous inscriptions including the Egyptian 'triumph' scenes after the Battle of Kadesh. Ramesses bears the titles of Royal scribe, Generalissimo and "bodily King's Son beloved of him", and is shown presenting the "Maryannu-warriors of the despicable Naharina" to the gods as spoils of war. In scenes from the battle of Qode in year 10 at Luxor, the princes Amunherkhepeshef, Ramesses, Pareherwenemef and Khaemwaset are shown leading prisoners before their father the king.
Ramesses is depicted as just one of two princes depicted by the colossi of Ramesses II in front of the Great Temple at Abu Simbel. They appear in front of the colossus to the north of the entrance. Prince Ramesses is said to be the Royal Scribe and first Generalissimo of Their Majesty, Bodily King's Son (of their body).
Ramesses served as the heir to the Egyptian throne from around year 25 to year 50 of their father's reign. They succeeded their older half-brother Amunherkhepeshef as heir to the throne after their death.
They have also attested in Saqqara. They must have participated in some of the ceremonies for the Apis bulls, when their brother Khaemwaset was first sem-priest of Ptah and later High Priest of Ptah in Memphis. The King's Son and Generalissimo Ramesses donated a votive statue for one of the Apis burials sometime between years 16 and 30 of their father's reign.
Prince Ramesses is depicted in the Speos of West Silsila on a royal family stela dating to ca. year 30, and on a family stela from Aswan. On these stelae they are accompanied by their parents and their brothers and sister. Ramesses and Khaemwaset together appear on a statue group with their mother Queen Isetnofret which is now in the Louvre (Louvre 2272).
Death and burial
After their death around year 50 of Ramesses II, they were buried in Tomb KV5 in the Valley of the Kings. Their brother Khaemwaset succeeded them to become Egypt's new crown-prince in their place. Khaemwaset was the fourth son of Ramesses II; the third, Pareherwenemef died earlier.
See also
List of children of Ramesses II
References
Ancient Egyptian princes
Heirs to the ancient Egyptian throne
Ramesses II
People of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Children of Ramesses II
Heirs apparent who never acceded
Uet era Ongael (Ongael Lake) is a marine lake located on Ongael Island, Koror, in Palau. There are about 70 other marine lakes located throughout the Rock Islands and Koror. Uet era Ongael is notable for endemic subspecies of golden jellyfish and is one of five marine lakes in Palau used for several scientific researches in evolutionary biology, the other lakes being Jellyfish Lake, Clear Lake, Uet era Ngermeuangel and Goby Lake.
Golden jellyfish
Uet era Ongael is connected to the ocean through fissures and tunnels in the limestone of ancient Miocene reefs. However the lake is sufficiently isolated and the conditions are different enough that the diversity of species in the lake is greatly reduced from the nearby lagoon. The golden jellyfish Mastigias cf. papua remengesaui is substantially different from their close relatives living in the nearby lagoons. This is the most ornate of Palau lake jellyfishes, with solid white spots; younger jellyfish have a pale blue color.
The small lake is also home to jellyfish of other species (Aurelia sp., Cassiopea sp.).
Lake morphology
Uet era Ongael is the smallest and shallowest Palau lake with registered endemic subspecies of jellyfish. The lake is holomictic - it does not have layers as it is comparatively shallow and with low banks, permitting for winds and sea tides to mix the water.
References
External links
Wondermondo: Uet era Ongael - marine lake of jellyfish
Lakes of Palau
Saline lakes of Oceania
Michael John Smith (4 January 1942 – 12 November 2004) was a cricketer, who played most of their cricket as an opening batsman for Middlesex County Cricket Club. Together with Mike Brearley they formed a successful opening partnership. They also played five One Day Internationals for England in 1973 and 1974.
In first-class cricket Smith made 19,814 runs at an average of 31.65 in a career that lasted from 1959 to 1980, a total that included 40 centuries. Their highest score was 181 against Lancashire County Cricket Club at Old Trafford in 1967. Although they batted right-handed they took 57 wickets, with a bowling average of 32.73, with slow left-arm deliveries. They also took 218 catches in the field. In 1994 they became the official scorer for Middlesex. In total Smith spent 22 seasons on the staff at Lord's Cricket Ground.
They were educated at Enfield Grammar School. Smith was twice married and had three daughters, Debbie, Libby, Emma, and a son, Jonathan.
Quotations
Mike Brearley, Smith's fellow opening batsman at Middlesex, in their book The Art of Captaincy wrote about how Smith prepared for their innings: "Mike Smith would be having their last-minute 'net' in front of the dressing-room mirror. They click their tongue on the roof of their mouth to represent ball on bat as they play an immaculate forward defensive shot." They also recalled Smith's approach to batting off: "You can never trust bowlers: they develop something new each year."
References
Cricinfo page on Mike Smith
Cricinfo obituary
BBC obituary
Middlesex County Cricket Club homepage
1942 births
2004 deaths
Cricket scorers
English cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
International Cavaliers cricketers
England One Day International cricketers
People from Enfield, London
People educated at Enfield Grammar School
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
D. H. Robins' XI cricketers
T. N. Pearce's XI cricketers
Abras is a rural barrio with a small urban area in the municipality of Corozal, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,262.
Features and demographics
Abras has of land area and no water area. In 2010, its population was 2,262 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Abras barrio was 1,183.
Sectors
Barrios (which are now like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Abras barrio:
Abras
, and .
Abras Centro
, and .
Abras Mavilla
, and .
Mavilla Bridge
A bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico is between Abras barrio and Palmarejo barrio, also in Corozal.
Features
PR-821 is the main north-south road through Abras.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Corozal, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Corozal, Puerto Rico
Coccothrinax crinita (guano barbudo, guano petate, old man palm, palma petate) is a palm which is endemic to Cuba. Like other members of the genus Coccothrinax, C. barbadensis is a fan palm (i.e. it has fan-shaped palmate leaves).
Description
Like most palms these trees are single-stemmed, between 2 and 10 metres tall with stems 8 to 20 centimetres in diameter. This tree appears wider because of the thatch or wool like fibers on its trunk. This plant has flowers that are small, light yellow, and not showy. These tiny flowers usually cluster on a long stalk that droops down from the canopy; this display can be showy. After these flowers are produced and pollinated, black and purple fruits will appear. These fruits are fleshy, 0.7–2 cm in diameter, and only come in the summer.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognised: Coccothrinax crinita subsp. brevicrinis Borhidi & O.Muñiz and C. crinita subsp. crinita. The "short hair old man palm" (subsp. brevicrinis), has shorter and less dense leaf sheath fibers covering the trunk, it can be found in central Cuba.
Ecology
Coccothrinax crinita usually grows in seasonally flooded savannas up to 500m in size; occasionally in hilly areas. Also, it grows in moist and well-drained soils, preferably serpentine soils or soils with low nitrogen, potassium, and phosphorus. In habitat, this tree takes an extremely long time to grow; on average it will take 10 years for this tree to grow 5 feet, but it can grow up to 20 feet (range is 10–20 ft). The main pollinator is the wind and fruits are dispersed by mammals like the Coccothrinax argentata species.
Cultivation and uses
Coccothrinax crinita is frequently planted as an ornamental palm and the leaves are used for thatch. This tree is very easy to maintain and prefers growing in partial or full sunlight. It must have well drained, moist, non-clay soils, but it can tolerate basic soils, drought, and growing by the ocean. This palm can withstand temperatures as low as 20 degrees Fahrenheit when mature and sheds its oldest thatch in windy conditions. There are many uses for this palm, including using its fibers for pillows, the trunk for shelter, and the leaves for bowls. All of these uses have played a role in the rarity of this plant, as well as the destruction of its habitat. The species is now critically endangered with only 60 – 130 trees left on the island of Cuba.
References
External links
IUCN Red List: Coccothrinax crinita
Gardendesign.com: Coccothrinax crinita
Florida-palm-trees.com: Coccothrinax crinita
http://zipcodezoo.com/Plants/C/Coccothrinax_crinita/
http://www.learn2grow.com/plants/coccothrinax-crinita-ssp-crinita/
http://www.rarepalmseeds.com/pix/CocBre.shtml
https://web.archive.org/web/20141211151916/http://www.virtualherbarium.org/palms/psdispersal.html
crinita
Endemic flora of Cuba
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1878
Endangered flora of North America
Taxa named by Odoardo Beccari
Bao Viet (also Bao Viet Holdings ) is the largest Vietnamese insurance company and Vietnam's seventh largest listed company by market capitalisation. It is state-owned and has a strategic partnership with HSBC, which also holds 18% of Bao Viet's shares. HSBC is, however, soon to be replaced by Sumitomo Life. Besides various insurance products, Bao Viet has diversified into stock market trading, fond management and real estate. It also has subsidiaries in banking, hotels and construction. Bao Viet has been losing market shares in recent years and has also been making losses in the insurance sector since 2009.
History
Bao Viet was set up following Government Decision 179/CP from 17 Dec 1964. It started operating on 15 Jan 1965, providing traditional insurance products in two branches in Hanoi and Haiphong with a total staff of 20 people and a capital stock of 10 million VND. It was transformed into a corporation (Tổng Công ty) in 1989. Subsidiary BAVINA was set up in England in 1992. By 1996, it was among the 25 largest state companies in Vietnam and was ranked as a special class state company.
The government decided to turn Bao Viet into a major finance and insurance group in 2003, enabling it to offer a broad range of financial products other than insurance – a decision that was not implemented until 2007. In 2007 the company established partnerships with national groups such as Vinashin and international companies, namely HSBC. HSBC acquired a stake of 10% and options for another 15% in 2007 and bought another 8% in 2009. From 2007 to 2008 Bao Viet was also restructured, including registration as a joint-stock company and the setting up of several wholly owned subsidiaries in the insurance sector. Bao Viet stocks have been traded in Ho Chi Minh city Stock Exchange since 2009.
Market shares and competitors
Bao Viet had a share of 23.7% in the insurance market (excluding life insurance) in 2011. This has been gradually decreasing from 38.4% in 2005. Bao Viet is still the market leader, but PetroVietnam Insurance is very close behind. Smaller competitors with just over 10% market share include Bao Minh and PJICO. In general, the insurance market has become more competitive, with companies other than the big four doubling their combined market share to over 30% between 2005 and 2011.
In the Vietnamese life insurance market Bao Viet is the second largest provider after Prudential with a market share of 28% in 2011, down from 38% in 2005. Other competitors include Manulife, Dai-ichi Life, and Ace Life, with market shares of up to around 10% each. According to the Ministry of Finance, Bao Viet was the largest life insurer in 2012 with market share of 23.9%, slightly ahead of Prudential with 22.6%.
Ownership
Bao Viet is a state-owned company. The Ministry of Finance holds 71% of the shares and the State Capital Investment Corporation (SCIC) another 3%. HSBC currently owns 18% of the shares, all of which are soon going to be transferred to Sumitomo Life.
Companies and products
Bao Viet Insurance Ltd. (100% owned by BVH) is the company originally set up under the name Bao Viet in 1965. It offers a variety of insurance products to personal customers (health, travel, motor vehicle, accident insurance) and corporate customers (cargo, aviation, oil and gas, motor vehicle, liability insurance etc.).
HDBank iCare is a health insurance system offered by HDBank in cooperation with Bao Viet Insurance.
Bao Viet Life (100%) was separated from Bao Viet Insurance in 2004. Bao Viet has been offering life insurances since 1996. 2012 revenues were 7,090bn VND ($340m) and profits 688bn ($33m). According to the Ministry of Finance, it is the leading life insurer in Vietnam with a market share of 23.9% in 2012.
Bao Viet Fund (BVF) (100%) is the successor of the group's Investment Center. It was set up with a legal capital of 50 billion VND and is active in portfolio management and portfolio management consulting.
Bao Viet Securities (BVS) (60% owned by BVH) is the group's second company to be listed on a stock exchange. While Bao Viet Holdings is listed in Ho Chi Minh City, BVS is listed in the younger and smaller Hanoi Securities Trading Center. It offers securities brokerage services. The company's chairperson Nguyen Thi Phuc Lam is also director of Bao Viet Holdings.
Bao Viet Bank (52% owned by BVH) was set up in December 2009 in cooperation with Vinamilk, CMC Technology Corporation and HiPT Technology Corporation. This was an expression of Bao Viet's new business model based on the three pillars of insurance, securities and banking. Besides basic banking services, the bank is also involved in insurance sales and wealth management advise.
Bao Viet Investment (55% owned by BVH) was set up in January 2009 and specialised in construction investment. Activities include real estate investment, consulting and trading.
Financial Information
References
Financial services companies established in 1964
Companies listed on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange
Financial services companies of Vietnam
Insurance companies of Vietnam
Government-owned insurance companies
Companies based in Hanoi
Vietnamese brands
Sumitomo Life
In enzymology, a L-fucose isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-fucose L-fuculose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-fucose, and one product, L-fuculose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-fucose aldose-ketose-isomerase. This enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism.
The enzyme is a hexamer, forming the largest structurally known ketol isomerase, and has no sequence or structural similarity with other ketol isomerases. The structure was determined by X-ray crystallography at 2.5 Angstrom resolution. Each subunit of the hexameric enzyme is wedge-shaped and composed of three domains. Both domains 1 and 2 contain central parallel beta- sheets with surrounding alpha helices. The active centre is shared between pairs of subunits related along the molecular three-fold axis, with domains 2 and 3 from one subunit providing most of the substrate-contacting residues.
References
Further reading
Protein domains
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Ki Hong Lee (born September 30, 1986) is an American actor.  They are best known for their roles as Minho in the Maze Runner film series and Dong Nguyen in the Netflix sitcom Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Early life and education
Lee was born in Seoul, South Korea, on September 30, 1986. When they were six years old, their parents moved the family to Auckland, New Zealand. When they were eight, their family moved to Los Angeles, California.
Lee studied psychology at the University of California, Berkeley from 2004 to 2008. In college, Lee was part of a college chapter of Liberty in North Korea (LiNK) and interned at their headquarters. They were also an elected Associated Students of the University of California Senator from 2005 to 2006, under the Student Action party. They ran for re-election for the 2006 to 2007 year under "The Mario Party" as 'Ki Hong "Donkey Kong " Lee' but failed to garner the necessary votes for the position.
Lee began acting in middle school, doing skits at church retreats. They initially wanted to become a teacher but was inspired to pursue acting after watching Aaron Yoo in the film Disturbia (2007) while in college. After college, they worked at their parents' sundubu jjigae restaurant, Tofu Village, in Little Tokyo while pursuing acting.
Career
Since 2010, Lee has guest starred in many different TV shows such as Victorious, The Secret Life of the American Teenager, New Girl, and Modern Family before landing a main role in ABC Family's The Nine Lives of Chloe King.
Lee made their stage debut in Wrinkles, presented by East West Players and directed by Jeff Liu. It opened on February 16, 2011 and closed on March 13, 2011 at the David Henry Hwang Theater at the Union Center for the Arts in Downtown Los Angeles.
Since 2012, Lee has collaborated with Wong Fu Productions (WFP) featuring in more than five short videos including the Away We Happened mini-series. On June 26, 2014, it was announced that Lee was cast in WFP's first feature film Everything Before Us, which focuses on "two couples at different stages of their relationships, set in a world where "all relationship activity is documented and monitored by the Department of Emotional Integrity (DEI)" and is assigned a number like a credit score." The film also featured The Tomorrow Peoples Aaron Yoo and Veep's Randall Park.
In 2013, Lee made their feature-length film debut in the YouTube, two-part film adaptation of Yellowface, from playwright David Henry Hwang. It was published by the Asian American-centric YOMYOMF network .
On April 18, 2013, director Wes Ball announced via Twitter that Lee had been cast in the film adaptation of the young-adult dystopian science fiction novel, The Maze Runner, as Minho, the keeper of the Runners in charge of navigating and mapping out the Maze. This was Lee's feature film debut. They reprised the role in the sequel, Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials, which was released on September 18, 2015, and the final film in the franchise, Maze Runner: The Death Cure, which was released on January 26, 2018.
In fall 2017, they played the lead in Julia Cho's play, Office Hour, alongside actor Sue Jean Kim in the New York premiere of the production at the Public Theater.
Personal life
Ki Hong Lee married their childhood friend Hayoung Choi on March 7, 2015. Their daughter was born in late 2016. Choi played Lee's character's new girlfriend in the 2013 short film They Have a Boyfriend, by Wong Fu Productions.
Filmography
Film
Short film
Television
Stage
Video games
References
External links
1986 births
American male actors of Korean descent
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
South Korean emigrants to the United States
South Korean emigrants to New Zealand
Male actors from Los Angeles
Male actors from Seoul
People from Auckland
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Living people
21st-century American male actors
Antoine Eugène Genoud (1792-1849) was a French theologian and politician.
Early life
Antoine Eugène Genoud was born on 9 February 1792 in Montélimar, France. They were educated in Grenoble.
Career
Genoud was a Roman Catholic theologian. They served as a member of the National Assembly from 1846 to 1848.
Death
Genoud died on 19 April 1849 in Hyères, France.
Bibliography
Réflexions sur quelques questions politiques (1814).
Voyage dans la Vendée et dans le midi de la France, suivi d'un Voyage pittoresque en Suisse (Paris: Nicolle, 1821).
Considérations sur les Grecs et les Turcs (1821).
La Raison du christianisme ou preuves de la religion, tirées des écrits des plus grands hommes (1834-1835).
La Vie de Jésus-Christ et des Apôtres, tirée des saints Évangiles (1836).Leçons et modèles de littérature sacrée (with Jacques Honoré Lelarge de Lourdoueix, 1837).La Raison monarchique (1838).Exposition du dogme catholique (1840).Défense du christianisme par les Pères (1842).La divinité de Jésus-Christ annoncée par les prophètes (1842).Lettres sur l'Angleterre (1842).Histoire d'une âme (1844).Histoire de France (1844-1848).Sermons et conférences'' (1846).
References
1792 births
1849 deaths
People from Montélimar
Politicians from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Legitimists
Members of the 7th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
19th-century French Catholic theologians
René Reimann (born 9 May 1967) is a German water polo player. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
German male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of West Germany
Olympic water polo players of Germany
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Berlin
There were six independent candidates in the 2007 Manitoba provincial election, none of whom were elected.
One independent candidate, Conrad Santos, was formerly a Member of the Legislative Assembly with the New Democratic Party. Information about the other candidates may be found here.
Candidates
Minnedosa: Colin George Atkins
Colin George Atkins was born in Leeds, England on June 24, 1931, and moved to Canada in 1952. Now retired, they live in Souris, Manitoba. They have been a member of the Christian Heritage Party of Canada (CHP) since its formation in 1987, and was the president of its Manitoba division for three years. (The CHP does not run candidates at the provincial level.)
References
Independent candidates in Manitoba provincial elections
HD 86226 b is a gas giant exoplanet discovered by the Magellan Planet Search Program in 2010. It was confirmed in data collected by the CORALIE spectrograph on the Swiss 1.2-metre Leonhard Euler Telescope in 2012. It takes about 4.6 years to orbit its G-type star and was initially believed to have a minimal mass of 0.92 Jupiters. Discovery of the second planet in the system has led to the revised mass of HD 86226 b in 2020, now estimated to be 0.45.
References
Exoplanets discovered in 2010
Exoplanets detected by radial velocity
Giant planets
Hydra (constellation)
Paidichintalapally is a small village in Dharmaram Mandal, Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Villages in Karimnagar district
Riki Anne Wilchins (born 1952) is an American activist whose work has focused on the impact of gender norms.
Background
Wilchins founded the first national transgender advocacy group (GenderPAC). Their analysis and work broadened over time to include discrimination and violence regardless of individuals' identity. While this perspective has been widely accepted, its breadth has provoked criticism by some in the transgender community. Wilchins's work and writing have often focused on youth, whom they not only see as uniquely vulnerable to the gender system's pressures and harm, but whom they see as capable of "looking with fresh eyes". Wilchins's work has been instrumental in bringing transgender rights into the mainstream LGBT movement, and has helped bring awareness of the impact of gender norms to a wider audience, and they are credited with coining the term "genderqueer." In 1996, they starred in Rosa von Praunheim 's film Transexual Menace. Wilchins's early activism with the "Hermaphrodites With Attitude!" protest group and intersex leader Cheryl Chase led to the founding of Intersex Awareness Day. In 2001, Wilchins's work resulted in them being selected one of just six community activists named by Time magazine among its "100 Civic Innovators for the 21st Century". A founding member of Camp Trans, since the mid-1990s Wilchins has been highly active in founding a number of organizations and events focused on gender issues, including:
The Menace, the first large direct action group for transgender rights, which was modeled along the lines of Queer Nation and which at one point boasted representatives in 40+ cities (co-founder Denise Norris).
a 1996 demonstration held with members of Intersex Society of North America, now marked as Intersex Awareness Day.
NYC Gay Community Center Gender Identity Project (co-founder Dr. Barbara Warren, Dir. of Social Services).
NYC Gay Community Center Transgender Health Empowerment Conference, an annual event (co-founder Dr. Barbara Warren, Dir. of Social Services).
Camp Trans, an annual educational event outside the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival that contested the exclusion of anyone who was not deemed a "womyn-born womyn" (co-founders Janice Walworth, Nancy Jean Burkholder).
National Coalition for Sexual Freedom (co-founder Susan Wright, its first Exec. Dir.)
National Gender Lobby Day, an annual event on Capitol Hill (co-founder Phyllis Frye).
GenderPAC
In 1995, Wilchins founded the Gender Public Advocacy Coalition, GenderPAC, a tax-exempt organization focused on gender rights issues. GenderPAC originally focused on the transgender community, but gradually broadened its focus to include anyone who suffered discrimination or violence because of their gender identity or gender expression. GenderPAC described its mission as the creation of "classrooms, communities, and workplaces [that] are safe for everyone to learn, grow, and succeed — whether or not they meet expectations for masculinity and femininity." In 1996 they starred in Rosa von Praunheim 's film Transexual Menace. In late 1999, the organization was incorporated and received tax-exempt status. In 2009 it rebranded and relaunched as a new organization, effectively ceasing operations as GenderPAC.
While GenderPAC's Executive Director, Wilchins helped dozens of corporations as diverse as IBM, JP Morgan Chase, and Citigroup, as well as major funders like the Arcus and Gill Foundations to expand employment non-discrimination policies to include gender identity and gender expression. GenderPAC's Congressional Non-Discrimination Pledge eventually had almost 200 sponsors, including both Republicans and US Senators. They helped compile and publish the GENIUS (Gender Equality National Index for Universities & Schools) Index, which rated and ranked schools' adoption of gender identity protections. During their watch, GenderPAC also launched the GenderYOUTH Network, which eventually supported student groups at 100+ schools in creating safer and friendlier environments for those who were gender non-conforming on their own campuses.
1st National Survey of TransViolence
In 1995, with help from researcher Emilia Lombardi, GenderPAC compiled and published the "1st National Survey of TransViolence", based on surveys provided by more than 500 respondents.
In 2006, in partnership with Global Rights, GenderPAC researched and published "50 Under 30: Masculinity & the War on America's Youth", the first human rights report documenting an under-reported tide of violence that had claimed the lives of more than 50 young people aged 30 and under attacked because of their gender identity or gender expression from 1994 to 2004. With a fresh round of attacks, the report was reissued just two years later than "70 Under 30". More than 80 groups endorsed the reports' recommendations, including the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, National Organization for Women (NOW), National Council of La Raza (NCLR), Interfaith Alliance, and the Human Rights Campaign. The report was used by the House Sub-Committee which marked up the Matthew Shepard Hate Crime Act (the final bill included gender identity as a protected category and was eventually passed and signed into law).
Wilchins received their bachelor's degree from Cleveland State University in 1982 and a masters in clinical psychology from the New School for Social Research in 1983. Wilchins then founded Data Tree Inc., a computer consulting company specializing in banking and brokerage on Wall Street. Wilchins is an out transsexual lesbian feminist. In a 2017 article published in The Advocate, Wilchins said their pronouns were they/them/theirs.
Author
Wilchins's essays and articles have appeared in:
Contemporary Debates in the Sociology of Education, Rachel Brooks, Kalwant Bhopal, Mark McCormac (editors). Palgrave Macmillan, 1994.
The Encyclopedia of Identity, Ronald L. Jackson (editor). SAGE Publications, 2010.
Feminist Frontiers, Verta Taylor, Leila J. Rupp, Nancy Whittier (editors). McGraw-Hill Companies, 2008.
Gender Violence (Second Edition): Interdisciplinary Perspectives, Laura L. O'Toole, Jessica R. Schiffman, Margie L. Kiter Edwards (editors0. NYU Press, 2007.
Language Awareness: Readings for College Writers, Paul Eschholz, Alfred Rosa, Virginia Clark (editors). Bedford/St. Martin's, 2004.
The Meaning of Difference : American Constructions of Race, Sex and Gender, Social Class, Sexual Orientation, and Disability : a Text/Reader, Karen E. Rosenblum and Toni-Michelle C. Travis, editors, McGraw-Hill.
Negotiating Ethical Challenges in Youth Research, Kitty te Riele, Rachel Brooks (editors). Routledge,2013.
Out at Work : Building a Gay-Labor Alliance, Kitty Krupat, Patrick McCreery, editors. University of Minnesota Press, c2001.
PoMoSexuals : Challenging Assumptions About Gender and Sexuality, edited by Carol Queen and Lawrence Schimel, Cleis Press, c1997.
Trans Bodies, Trans Selves : A Resource for the Transgender Community, Laura Eriskson-Schroth, editor. Oxford University Press, 2014.
Women on Women 3 : An Anthology of American Lesbian Short Fiction, edited by Joan Nestle and Naomi Holoch. Plume, 1996.
They have also contributed articles to The Village Voice, The Advocate, and GLQ.
Publications
Peer-reviewed research
Transgender experiences with violence and discrimination, Lombardi, E.L., Wilchins, R., Priesing, D. Malouf, D.(2002). Journal of Homosexuality. 1, March, 2002, 89-101
One percent on the burn chart: Gender, genitals, and hermaphrodites with attitude, David Valentine, Riki Wilchins (1997). Social Text. 52/53, 1997, 215-222
The Moderating Effects of Support for Violence Beliefs on Masculine Norms, Aggression, and Homophobic Behavior During Adolescence, Paul Poteat, Michael Kimmel, Riki Wilchins (2011). Journal of Research on Adolescence, 21, 434-447
Books
Read My Lips: Sexual Subversion & the End of Gender, Firebrand Books, 1997
GenderQueer: Voices from Beyond the Sexual Binary, with Joan Nestle and Clair Howell Co-Editors, Alyson Books, 2002.
Queer Theory/Gender Theory: an Instant Primer, Alyson Books, 2004.
TRANS/gressive: How Transgender Activists Took on Gay Rights, Feminism, the Media & Congress… and Won!, Riverdale Avenue Books, 2017.
Burn the Binary! -- Selected Writings on Living Trans, Genderqueer & Nonbinary, Riverdale Avenue Books, Oct, 2017.
Gender Norms & Intersectionality: Connecting Race, Class & Gender, Rowman & Littlefield, Mar, 2019.
References
External links
Eighteen Things You Don't Say to a Transsexual (PDF)
1952 births
Cleveland State University alumni
American lesbian writers
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Queer theorists
The New School alumni
Transfeminists
Transgender women
Transgender writers
Transgender rights activists
Al-Mansur (714–775) was the second Abbasid caliph of Arab caliphate, ruling from 754 until their death in 775.
Al-Mansur, an Arabic surname meaning the Victorious, may also refer to:
People
Mansur ibn Yazid ibn Mansur al-Himyari, Abbasid official and Provincial governor
Mansur ibn Muhammad al-Mahdi, the son of Abbasid caliph Al-Mahdi (r. 775–785)
Al-Mansur bi-Nasr Allah (913-953), Ruler and Ismaili Shia Imam of the Fatimids in Ifriqiya
Al-Mansur ibn Buluggin (died 995), second ruler of the Zirids in Ifriqiya
Al-Rashid Billah also known as Mansur, the Caliph of Baghdad during later Abbasid era
Al-Mustansir I have also known as Mansur, was the penultimate caliph of Baghdad
Al-Mansur Ibn Abi Aamir or Almanzor (circa 938-1002), de facto ruler of Muslim Al-Andalus
Mansur ibn Nasir (died 1104), Hammadid ruler
Abu Yusuf Yaqub al-Mansur (circa 1160-1199), third Almohad ruler
Abu Yusuf Yaqub ibn Abd Al-Haqq or Al Mansur Al Marini (1212-1286), founder of Marinid dynasty
Al-Mansur of Tidore (c. 1475-1526), second sultan of Tidore, Maluku
Ahmad al-Mansur (1549-1603), Sultan of the Saadi dynasty
Other uses
Mansour district, a district in Baghdad, Iraq
Mansour neighbourhood
Al Mansoura (Doha), a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Ad Dawhah
Mansoura, Egypt, a city in Arab Republic of Egypt
Mansura, Sindh, or Brahmanabad, the historic capital of the Muslim Caliphate in Sindh, Pakistan
See also
Almansor, an 1821 play by German poet and playwright Heinrich Heine
Fritz Hartung (12 January 1883 – 24 November 1967) was a political and constitutional historian of Germany.
Life
Fritz Hartung was born in Saarmund, a short distance to the west of Potsdam. Their father worked in the Prussian government service. However, they attended secondary school far to the west in Freiburg (1892–1900), and then in Berlin (1900–1901) where they passed their school final exams (Abitur). They went on to study history at Heidelberg and Berlin, with a particular focus on constitutional and legal history. They were taught by a number of the leading historians of the time including Gustav Schmoller, Heinrich Brunner and Otto Hintze. It was Hintze who supervised them at Berlin for their doctorate, received in 1905, for a dissertation on Hardenburg and the Prussian administration of Ansbach-Bayreuth between 1792 and 1806. After receiving their doctorate Hartung obtained a post as a research assistant at the Centre for Franconian History, based in Würzburg. During this period they were encouraged by the historian Richard Fester to focus on the history of the so-called Franconian Circle, and their work on this theme, supervised by Fester, provided the basis for their habilitation, awarded in 1910. Fester was associated with various universities through the years, but in 1908 they had become a full professor at Halle, and it was from Halle that Hartung received this higher degree for a work adapted and published shortly afterwards as "The History of the Franconian Circle 1521–1559". In 1914 their book on constitutional history during the previous 4 centuries appeared. It became a much revisited core textbook: the seventh edition was published, posthumously, in 1969, and it enabled Hartung to be identified as one of the most important and influential German constitutional historians of the twentieth century.
In 1915 Hartung was conscripted into an infantry regiment to serve as a soldier in the war which had started the previous year, but the next year they were released from military service on grounds of illness. In 1917 they joined the Free Conservative Party (Freikonservative Partei / FKP), a small traditionalist splinter party, liberal in matters of trade and industry, and in favour of a British-style imperial policy, but with an agenda that no longer made much sense in the post-imperial revolutionary period that followed the end of the war: the FKP dissolved itself at the end of 1918.
Throughout this time, starting in 1915, and on until 1922, Hartung was listed as a visiting professor at Halle. In 1922 they switched to Kiel, gaining a full professorship in early modern and modern history. However, just one year later they switched again, this time to Berlin where they took a professorship in modern history, economic history and constitutional history, taking over the teaching chair hitherto occupied by their old tutor, Otto Hintze. They were still at Berlin more than twenty years later when, finding itself now in the Soviet occupation zone, the Frederick William University was renamed, identified as the Humboldt University of Berlin. They served as university dean in 1945/46, and retired from the Berlin professorship in 1949.
Following the success of their pre-war constitutional history, 1920 saw the appearance of Hartung's book on modern German history between 1871 and 1919, which again became a standard work and was regularly revised, updated and reprinted till the 1960s. During the 1920s and 1930s further works on German history followed.
Régime change in 1933 was followed by a rapid transition to one-party dictatorship in Germany, Hartung was not one of those to oppose the abolition of parliamentary democracy, and there is no sign that in 1933 they foresaw Germany's future political direction of travel. They were one of many mainstream academics and professors who adapted themselves to the new political context without in any way becoming a cheer-leader for the toxic Nazi ideology. In 1937 Hartung may have been one of those conservative historians who agreed to join the party, possibly when they became an advisor to Walter Frank's Nazi Historical Institute ("Reichsinstitut für Geschichte des neuen Deutschlands"). They produced a couple of books covering topics over which the Nazis obsessed: "Volk" ("Volk und Staat in der deutschen Geschichte", 1940) and "Reich" ("Das Reich und Europa", 1941). Between 1941 and 1943 they also published three written volumes from the academic papers left by Otto Hintze, who had died in 1940.
War ended in May 1945 with what remained of Germany divided into military zones of occupation. The Humboldt University where Hartung continued to work found itself in the eastern part of Berlin, administered as part of the Soviet occupation zone. Hartung themselves tried hard to avoid choosing between the two versions of Germany emerging during the late 1940s, but after 1949, when the military occupation zones gave way to two newly created German states, sponsored respectively by the United States and the Soviet Union, it became harder to believe that the division of the two version of Germany was a temporary phenomenon, and during the 1950s the political divisions were increasingly matched by physical divisions: it became ever more difficult for Berliners to move between the two "halves" of the city. In 1948 Hartung "chose" to live in West Berlin, a decision that drew comment, both adulatory and critical, from fellow historians. They were urged to transfer their academic base to the newly founded Free University of Berlin by Friedrich Meinecke among others, but did not do so. They resigned from their functions at the German Academy of Sciences (in East Berlin) only in 1953, and remained a member of the academy till 1967. Meanwhile, having by the end of their life lived and worked under five completely different political regimes in successive versions of Germany, they reacted to the apparent return of democracy in West Germany with what one commentator later interpreted as "cautious optimism".
References
Members of the Prussian Academy of Sciences
University of Kiel faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
1883 births
1967 deaths
20th-century German historians
Members of the German Academy of Sciences at Berlin
Tim Menzel (born 1 January 1992) is a German international rugby union player, playing for the TSV Handschuhsheim in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.
They made their debut for Germany in an ENC match against Poland on 20 November 2010.
Menzel began their rugby career in 1998 and has since played for TSV Handschuhsheim and French club US Colomiers. They have also fielded in the German national under-18 rugby union team in the European Under-18 Rugby Union Championship in 2009 and 2010.
After three years in France, Mentzel returned to their former club in Germany for the 2011-12 season.
Stats
Tim Menzel's personal statistics in club and international rugby:
Club
As of 30 April 2012
National team
European Nations Cup
Friendlies & other competitions
As of 28 April 2013
References
External links
Tim Menzel at totalrugby.de
Tim Menzel at the DRV website
1992 births
Living people
German rugby union players
Germany international rugby union players
TSV Handschuhsheim players
Rugby union scrum-halves
Al-Shabab became the first club to win the championship for three seasons in succession when defeating Al-Hilal in the championship match.
Promoted side Al-Najma were relegated alongside Al-Ta'ee.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Promoted: Ohud, Al-Nahda.
Playoffs
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Eric Morse ( – October 13, 1994) was a five-year-old African-American boy from Chicago, Illinois, who was murdered in October 1994. Morse was dropped from a high-rise building in the Ida B. Wells Homes by ten-year-old Jesse Rankins and 11-year-old Tykeece Johnson. Morse's murder was notable for the young ages of the victim and the killers, and brought further national attention to the plight of children in Chicago's housing projects. Rankins and Johnson, both minors at the time, were convicted for the murder of Morse and sentenced to five years' imprisonment each.
Murder
On October 13, 1994, two of five-year-old Eric Morse's schoolmates, Jesse Rankins (aged ten years old) and Tykeece Johnson (aged 11), had asked them to steal candy from a store, but Morse refused. At around 6-7 P.M. (CDT) that day, Rankins and Johnson took Morse and their eight-year-old brother Derrick Lemon to a vacant apartment on the 14th floor of a high-rise building in the Ida B. Wells Homes, a housing project in Chicago's South Side. Rankins and Johnson dangled Morse out of a window of the apartment, resisting attempts by Lemon to intervene, and then dropped him. Morse suffered massive head injuries and was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital.
Aftermath
Conviction and sentencing
The Illinois legislature enacted a law permitting 10-year-old children to be sentenced to prison. Rankins and Johnson were convicted of first-degree murder and were sentenced to the maximum term of five years. Rankins served an additional nine years for sexually assaulting another inmate during a gang attack. After their initial releases, both men returned to prison repeatedly for other offenses.
Derrick Lemon, Morse's older brother who struggled to save Eric in the moments before they were dropped, received a lawsuit settlement in Eric's death for more than $1 million from the Chicago Housing Authority and a private management company. Lemon themselves is now currently serving a 71-year murder sentence for the fatal shooting of their aunt's boyfriend at a barbecue in 2006.
Public reaction
Morse's death was cited nationally in speeches by politicians including President Bill Clinton and then-Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. Henry Cisneros, then Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, called it a clinching fact in the federal government's decision to take over the troubled Chicago Housing Authority.
See also
Robert Sandifer, 11-year-old murdered in Chicago a month before Morse
Dantrell Davis, 7-year-old accidentally shot and killed in Chicago in 1992
References
Murdered American children
1989 births
1994 deaths
1994 murders in the United States
Public housing in Chicago
1994 in Illinois
Murder in Illinois
Crimes in Chicago
Murdered African-American people
Deaths by defenestration
Deaths by person in Illinois
October 1994 events in the United States
Incidents of violence against boys
Khalil-ur-Rahman Sajjad Nomani (or only Sajjad Nomani) (born 12 August 1955) is an Indian Islamic scholar, spokesperson of All India Muslim Personal Law Board, educator and author of many Islamic books.  They are a scholar of Islam. With BAMCEF and Waman Meshram, Nomani initiated various activism initiatives, primarily for right of minorities of India.
Early life
Nomani was born in year 1955 in Lucknow, India. Their father Manzur Nu'mani was also a prominent Islamic scholar, theologian, journalist, writer, and social activist. Their grandfather Sufi Muhammad Husain, was a business person and landlord.
Nomani received their education in their hometown, graduating from Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama and Darul Uloom Deoband. Later they studied at the Islamic University of Madinah and completed a doctorate in Quranic Studies.
Nomani is a sheikh, scholar and teacher of the Naqshbandi order, a major Sunni spiritual order of Sufism.  They are a disciple of Zulfiqar Ahmad Naqshbandi.
Activism
All India Muslim Personal Law Board launched a movement to safeguard constitutional rights and faith of religious minorities titled "Deen aur Dastur Bachao" (Save Religion-Save Constitution) campaign. This campaign was led by Nomani, who travelled throughout the country to create awareness. They also called for joined initiative with the government, law enforcing agencies, religious scholars and media to prevent Indian Youth from getting attracted to terror outfits.
Nomani ran a campaign with BAMCEF and scholars of different religions like Christians, Sikhs, Lingayats (Karnataka) and several tribal communities to campaign against Uniform Civil Code.
Nomani also took part in the Citizenship Amendment Act Protests and called for a Bharat Bandh to protest the controversial law.
Literary works
Kya Ab Bhi Na Jagoge?
Al-Furqan (monthly journal started by their father Manzur Nu'mani).
References
Indian Muslim scholars of Islam
Urdu-language writers from India
Living people
Indian human rights activists
Hadith scholars
1955 births
Scholars from Uttar Pradesh
Indian civil rights activists
Indian Muslim activists
Scholars from Lucknow
Indian Sufi religious leaders
Indian Sufis
Indian religious leaders
Deobandis
Indian Islamic studies scholars
Season 6 of the Indian competitive reality TV series MasterChef India premiered on Star Plus on 7 December 2019 and concluded on 1 March 2020.
Vikas Khanna returned as one of the judges for the show while Kunal Kapur and Zorawar Kalra were replaced by Ranveer Brar and Vineet Bhatia. This season marked Khanna's fifth consecutive season serving as a judge on the show and Brar's second season, who was last seen in the fourth season.
Abinas Nayak, an IT Analyst from Odisha was declared as the winner on 1 March 2020, with Oindrila Bala of West Bengal being the runner-up.
Similar to the past seasons, Amul remained the title sponsor of the show. Additionally, Sleek Kitchens by Asian Paints co-sponsored this season.
Format
Top 30 contestants were chosen from nationwide auditions, of which only 15 advanced to the main competition.
Top 15
Elimination Table
(WINNER) This cook won the competition.
(RUNNER-UP) This cook finished in second place.
(WIN) The cook won the Mystery Box challenge, or any other individual / pair challenge.
(WIN) The cook was on the winning team in the Team Challenge and directly advanced to the next round.
(TOP) The cook was one of the top entries in the individual challenge.
(IMN) The cook won an Immunity Pin in a given challenge.
(WIN) The cook won the Ticket to Finale Challenge and was directly promoted as a finalist.
(SAFE) The cook didn't participate in the challenge as he/she already advanced to the next round.
(IN) The cook wasn't selected as a top or bottom entry in an individual / pair challenge.
(IN) The cook wasn't selected as a top or bottom entry in a team challenge.
(PT) The cook competed in the Elimination Test, and advanced.
(LOSE) The cook was on the losing team in the Team Challenge and had to compete in the upcoming elimination challenge.
(WEAK) The cook was one of the bottom entries in an individual challenge.
(BTM) The cook was one of the bottom entries in an individual challenge and had to compete in the upcoming elimination challenge.
(RET) The cook won the Wild Card Challenge and returned to the competition.
(X) This cook did not participate in the challenge(s).
(ELIM) The cook was eliminated from MasterChef.
Episodes
References
MasterChef India
2019 Indian television seasons
2020 Indian television seasons
Perivoli () is a village in the southern part of the island of Corfu, Greece. It is part of the municipal unit of Korissia. In 2011 its population was 1378 for the village, and 1427 for the community, including the village Potamia. Perivoli is 1 km northwest of Vitalades, 4 km west of Lefkimmi, 4 km southeast of Argyrades and 24 km south of the city of Corfu. The Greek National Road 25 (Corfu - Argyrades - Lefkimmi) passes through the village. The small fishing port Kalyviotis is to the north, and the Agia Varvara beach is to the southwest.
Population
See also
List of settlements in the Corfu regional unit
References
External links
Perivoli at the GTP Travel Pages
Populated places in Corfu (regional unit)
Perry Williams may refer to:
Perry Williams (cornerback), American football cornerback
Perry Williams (running back), American football running back
"Imitadora" is a song by American singer Romeo Santos. The song was written by Philip (Taj) L. Jackson and Romeo Santos, and conducted by Carlos Dalmasí, with production handled by Vinylz, Romeo Santos, Allen Ritter and Frank Dukes. It was released to digital retailers on June 23, 2017, through Sony Music Latin, as the second single released off Santos' third studio album, Golden.
Music video
The music video was released on July 18, 2017, on YouTube through Vevo. It features Colombian TV host Jessica Cediel. The video shows Santos interrogating a woman (Cediel) because they are not who they think they are, and wants them to prove that they are the same person they used to know. The video also shows scenes of Santos and Cediel making love in their bedroom and the bathroom.
Critical reception
Leila Cobo of Billboard wrote: "'Imitadora' is vintage Romeo in its sensual/sexual intricate lyrics, its storytelling and sense of drama wrapped with a great chorus." They regarded the song as "a man's desperate plea to the woman who once loved them and who now has changed beyond recognition." Shirley Gomez of Latin Times called the song "a bachata in Santos' unique style, a fusion of rhythms that makes the singer-songwriter's signature bachata sound." Isabelia Herrera de Remezcla wrote that the song is "a strong comeback for Romeo, a more potent follow-up to the jazzy bachata serenade 'Héroe Favorito'"
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Romeo Santos – composer, lyricist, producer, executive producer, arranger
Philip (Taj) L. Jackson – composer, background vocalist
Carlos Dalmasí – conductor
Allen Ritter – producer, pianist, synthesizer
Frank Dukes – producer
Vinylz – producer
Iván Chévere a/k/a Matetraxx – mixing engineer, engineer
Tom Brick – mastering engineer
Alexander "ChiChi" Caba – acoustic guitarist, guitarist
Adam "Pikachu" Gómez – bassist
Raúl Bier – Bongo player
Joaquín Díaz – pianist, synthesizer, arranger
Mario Hugo – art director
Charts
Certifications
See also
List of Billboard number-one Latin songs of 2017
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Songs written by Romeo Santos
Spanish-language songs
Sony Music Latin singles
Romeo Santos songs
In enzymology, a phosphoglucomutase (glucose-cofactor) () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
alpha-D-glucose 1-phosphate D-glucose 6-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, alpha-D-glucose 1-phosphate, and one product, D-glucose 6-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the phosphotransferases (phosphomutases), which transfer phosphate groups within a molecule. The systematic name of this enzyme class is alpha-D-glucose 1,6-phosphomutase (glucose-cofactor). Other names in common use include glucose phosphomutase, and glucose-1-phosphate phosphotransferase. This enzyme has at least one effector, D-Glucose.
References
Boyer, P.D. (Ed.), The Enzymes, 3rd ed., vol. 6, 1972, p. 407-477.
EC 5.4.2
Enzymes of unknown structure
Jérémy Huyghebaert (born 7 January 1989) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a left back for Romanian Liga I club FC U Craiova 1948. In their career, Huyghebaert also played for teams such as R.E. Mouscron, Roeselare, WS Bruxelles or Excel Mouscron, among others.
Honours
Royal White Star Bruxelles
Belgian Second Division: 2015–16
FC U Craiova 1948
Liga II: 2020–21
References
External links
Belgium Stats at Belgian FA
1989 births
Living people
People from Mouscron
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Belgium under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
R.E. Mouscron players
K.S.V. Roeselare players
K.V. Mechelen players
Royal Excel Mouscron players
RWS Bruxelles players
Ligue 1 players
AJ Auxerre players
Swiss Super League players
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS players
Liga I players
FC U Craiova 1948 players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Footballers from Hainaut (province)
Elections to Ards Borough Council were held on 19 May 1993 on the same day as the other Northern Irish local government elections. The election used four district electoral areas to elect a total of 23 councillors.
Election results
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes.
Districts summary
|- class="unsortable" align="centre"
!rowspan=2 align="left"|Ward
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
!rowspan=2|TotalCllrs
|- class="unsortable" align="center"
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | UUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | DUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | Alliance
!colspan=2 bgcolor="white"| Others
|-
|align="left"|Ards East
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|45.7
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|3
|31.7
|2
|15.0
|1
|7.6
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Ards West
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|44.7
|bgcolor="40BFF5"|3
|24.4
|1
|25.0
|2
|5.9
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Newtownards
|27.4
|2
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|28.2
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|2
|16.5
|1
|27.9
|1
|6
|-
|align="left"|Peninsula
|20.4
|1
|28.9
|1
|bgcolor="#F6CB2F"|36.9
|bgcolor="#F6CB2F"|2
|13.8
|1
|5
|- class="unsortable" class="sortbottom" style="background:#C9C9C9"
|align="left"| Total
|34.7
|9
|28.3
|6
|23.4
|6
|13.6
|2
|23
|-
|}
District results
Ards East
1993: 3 x UUP, 2 x DUP, 1 x Alliance
Ards West
1993: 3 x UUP, 2 x Alliance, 1 x DUP
Newtownards
1993: 2 x UUP, 2 x DUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x Independent Unionist
Peninsula
1993: 2 x Alliance, 1 x DUP, 1 x UUP, 1 x Independent
References
Ards Borough Council elections
Ards
The 1940 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 16th season in the Victorian Football League and 39th overall.
Fixture
Patriotic Premiership
The VFL between Rounds 14 and 15 played a one-day lightning carnival, Known as the Patriotic Premiership, at the Melbourne Cricket Ground to raise money for the Patriotic Fund. The matches played were twenty minutes long with no time-on.
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Euura salicispurpureae is a species of sawfly belonging to the family Tenthredinidae (common sawflies). It was first described by Jens-Peter Kopelke in 2014. The larvae feed within galls on willows (Salix species). E. salicispurpureae is one of a number of closely related species known as the Euura atra subgroup.
Description
The gall is a slight swelling of a young shoot and there can be several, long, smooth galls in row. The larva probably over-winter in the gall.
Galls have been recorded on S. purpurea, S. purpurea x silesiaca and S. purpurea x viminalis.
Other similar looking species in the Euura atra subgroup are,
E. atra found on white willow (Salix alba) and crack willow (S. fragilis).
E. auritae, found on eared willow (S. aurita)
E. myrtilloides found on swamp willow (S. myrtilloides)
E. weiffenbachiella, found on creeping willow (S. repens) and [[Salix rosmarinifolia|S. rosmarinifolia]]
Distribution
Euura salicispurpureae has been recorded from north Africa, and south and central Europe, north to Denmark. According to Redfern et al.(2011) the gall has been recorded in Ireland as E purpureae.
References
Tenthredinidae
Gall-inducing insects
Hymenoptera of Africa
Hymenoptera of Europe
Insects described in 2014
Taxa named by Jens-Peter Kopelke
Willow galls
is a railway station in the city of Murakami, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Sakamachi Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 48.0 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station. It is also a terminus for the 90.7 kilometer Yonesaka Line.
Station layout
The station consists of two island platforms connected by a footbridge. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
History
Sakamachi Station opened on 1 November 1914. A new station building was completed in 1963. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 717 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Sakamachi Post Office
Niigata Prefectural Sakamachi Hospital
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Yonesaka Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Murakami, Niigata
Joeli Veitayaki (born 12 January 1967 in Matuku, Fiji) is a Fijian former rugby union player. Their usual position was Prop. They debut for against the New Zealand Maori in Christchurch on 4 June 1994. They played at the 1999 and 2003 Rugby World Cup. They have four daughters and two sons, Marilyn, Raijieli, Talei, Analie, Manawa and Haereiti Veitayaki.
Their son Haereti Hetet has also followed in their father's footsteps in playing for the Flying Fijians at prop.
Veitayaki played for the Blues and Northland. They made their Super Rugby debut for the Blues against the Sharks in 1999. They also had a stint with Irish club Ulster.
References
External links
Fiji Rugby Profile
Blues Profile
Joeli Veitayaki at New Zealand Rugby History
1967 births
Fijian rugby union players
Fiji international rugby union players
Ulster Rugby players
Living people
Blues (Super Rugby) players
Northland rugby union players
Fijian expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in New Zealand
Expatriate rugby union players in Northern Ireland
Fijian expatriate sportspeople in New Zealand
Fijian expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
People from Matuku Island
I-Taukei Fijian people
Rugby union props
The Braille pattern dots-12345 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the all top and middle dots and the bottom left dot raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top four and lower-middle left dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+281f, and in Braille ASCII with Q.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-12345 is used to represent double consonants, such as /kw/ or /kʃ/ or otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-12345 are Braille patterns 123457, 123458, and 1234578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 23567, 123567, 234567, and 1234567 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-12345, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 012345, 123457, and 0123457 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 23567, 123567, 234567, or 1234567
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-12345 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- ⼿
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 4 + て/扌 = 専
- selector 4 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 專
- selector 5 + て/扌 = 夬
- selector 6 + て/扌 = 亭
- て/扌 + selector 4 = 抽
- て/扌 + selector 5 = 拘
- 数 + て/扌 = 丁
Compounds of ⼿
- う/宀/#3 + て/扌 = 挙
- う/宀/#3 + う/宀/#3 + て/扌 = 擧
- ね/示 + う/宀/#3 + て/扌 = 襷
- selector 1 + う/宀/#3 + て/扌 = 舉
- け/犬 + て/扌 = 拳
- 龸 + て/扌 = 掌
- せ/食 + て/扌 = 掣
- よ/广 + て/扌 = 摩
- 心 + て/扌 = 欅
- て/扌 + ふ/女 + ゑ/訁 = 拏
- て/扌 + り/分 + 囗 = 拿
- て/扌 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 挈
- て/扌 + 龸 + う/宀/#3 = 搴
- て/扌 + つ/土 + お/頁 = 摯
- て/扌 + 宿 + ま/石 = 擘
- て/扌 + き/木 + き/木 = 攀
- え/訁 + 宿 + て/扌 = 攣
- 日 + て/扌 = 拍
- す/発 + て/扌 = 拒
- ま/石 + て/扌 = 拓
- れ/口 + て/扌 = 括
- と/戸 + て/扌 = 拷
- そ/馬 + て/扌 = 挿
- そ/馬 + そ/馬 + て/扌 = 插
- つ/土 + て/扌 = 捏
- ん/止 + て/扌 = 捗
- ぬ/力 + て/扌 = 揃
- ふ/女 + て/扌 = 搬
- ゐ/幺 + て/扌 = 携
- み/耳 + て/扌 = 撮
- ね/示 + て/扌 = 擦
- め/目 + て/扌 = 攫
- て/扌 + め/目 = 払
- て/扌 + ゐ/幺 = 扱
- て/扌 + け/犬 = 扶
- て/扌 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 捧
- て/扌 + 比 = 批
- て/扌 + 比 + 日 = 揩
- て/扌 + は/辶 = 技
- て/扌 + そ/馬 = 抄
- て/扌 + さ/阝 = 抑
- て/扌 + の/禾 = 投
- て/扌 + 宿 = 抗
- て/扌 + を/貝 = 折
- ひ/辶 + て/扌 = 逝
- 日 + て/扌 + を/貝 = 晢
- に/氵 + て/扌 + を/貝 = 浙
- て/扌 + ゑ/訁 = 抜
- て/扌 + て/扌 + ゑ/訁 = 拔
- て/扌 + た/⽥ = 択
- て/扌 + ん/止 = 抵
- て/扌 + 日 = 担
- て/扌 + へ/⺩ = 拙
- て/扌 + ぬ/力 = 招
- て/扌 + こ/子 = 拡
- て/扌 + 囗 = 拾
- て/扌 + し/巿 = 持
- て/扌 + に/氵 = 指
- て/扌 + ふ/女 = 按
- て/扌 + ろ/十 = 振
- て/扌 + ほ/方 = 捕
- て/扌 + せ/食 = 捨
- て/扌 + る/忄 = 捻
- て/扌 + り/分 = 掃
- て/扌 + 龸 = 授
- て/扌 + 火 = 排
- て/扌 + と/戸 = 掘
- て/扌 + つ/土 = 掛
- て/扌 + ち/竹 = 採
- て/扌 + す/発 = 探
- て/扌 + ま/石 + selector 1 = 拉
- て/扌 + ま/石 = 接
- て/扌 + ま/石 + り/分 = 撞
- て/扌 + き/木 = 控
- て/扌 + い/糹/#2 = 推
- て/扌 + 心 = 掩
- て/扌 + ね/示 = 措
- て/扌 + 氷/氵 = 掲
- て/扌 + く/艹 = 描
- て/扌 + よ/广 = 提
- て/扌 + 数 = 揚
- て/扌 + ⺼ = 換
- て/扌 + ゆ/彳 = 握
- て/扌 + む/車 = 揮
- て/扌 + 仁/亻 = 援
- て/扌 + か/金 = 揺
- て/扌 + て/扌 + か/金 = 搖
- て/扌 + れ/口 = 損
- て/扌 + み/耳 = 摂
- て/扌 + て/扌 + み/耳 = 攝
- て/扌 + お/頁 = 摘
- て/扌 + ら/月 = 撤
- て/扌 + ら/月 + 氷/氵 = 撒
- て/扌 + な/亻 = 撲
- て/扌 + ひ/辶 = 擁
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 = 操
- て/扌 + や/疒 = 擬
- て/扌 + て/扌 + め/目 = 拂
- て/扌 + て/扌 + た/⽥ = 擇
- て/扌 + て/扌 + 日 = 擔
- て/扌 + て/扌 + こ/子 = 擴
- て/扌 + 数 + を/貝 = 扎
- て/扌 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 托
- て/扌 + こ/子 + selector 1 = 扛
- て/扌 + 宿 + か/金 = 扞
- て/扌 + selector 1 + ゑ/訁 = 扠
- て/扌 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 扣
- て/扌 + selector 1 + ぬ/力 = 扨
- て/扌 + 宿 + り/分 = 扮
- て/扌 + よ/广 + さ/阝 = 扼
- て/扌 + selector 4 + 囗 = 找
- て/扌 + へ/⺩ + selector 1 = 抂
- て/扌 + 比 + 龸 = 抃
- て/扌 + 宿 + ひ/辶 = 把
- て/扌 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 抒
- て/扌 + ⺼ + つ/土 = 抓
- て/扌 + selector 4 + ふ/女 = 抔
- て/扌 + 比 + と/戸 = 抖
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + ぬ/力 = 抛
- て/扌 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 披
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + な/亻 = 抬
- て/扌 + き/木 + selector 5 = 抹
- て/扌 + selector 5 + し/巿 = 抻
- て/扌 + selector 1 + を/貝 = 拆
- て/扌 + 比 + は/辶 = 拇
- て/扌 + れ/口 + と/戸 = 拈
- て/扌 + な/亻 + し/巿 = 拊
- て/扌 + ろ/十 + は/辶 = 拌
- て/扌 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 拐
- て/扌 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 拑
- て/扌 + ゐ/幺 + selector 1 = 拗
- て/扌 + 宿 + 囗 = 拭
- て/扌 + つ/土 + れ/口 = 拮
- て/扌 + selector 6 + に/氵 = 拯
- て/扌 + selector 4 + こ/子 = 拱
- て/扌 + ろ/十 + こ/子 = 拵
- て/扌 + 宿 + つ/土 = 挂
- て/扌 + す/発 + れ/口 = 挌
- て/扌 + 数 + 宿 = 挑
- て/扌 + 宿 + な/亻 = 挟
- て/扌 + む/車 + selector 2 = 挧
- て/扌 + よ/广 + 仁/亻 = 挫
- て/扌 + は/辶 + へ/⺩ = 挺
- て/扌 + 宿 + 宿 = 挽
- て/扌 + selector 5 + な/亻 = 挾
- て/扌 + み/耳 + selector 2 = 捉
- て/扌 + れ/口 + ね/示 = 捌
- て/扌 + selector 4 + か/金 = 捍
- て/扌 + 宿 + ら/月 = 捐
- て/扌 + と/戸 + け/犬 = 捩
- て/扌 + 宿 + も/門 = 捫
- て/扌 + と/戸 + selector 1 = 据
- て/扌 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 捲
- て/扌 + 宿 + に/氵 = 捶
- て/扌 + ら/月 + か/金 = 捷
- て/扌 + け/犬 + 仁/亻 = 捺
- て/扌 + ん/止 + を/貝 = 掀
- て/扌 + 日 + と/戸 = 掉
- て/扌 + け/犬 + か/金 = 掎
- て/扌 + 宿 + と/戸 = 掏
- て/扌 + 龸 + な/亻 = 掖
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 掟
- て/扌 + 龸 + れ/口 = 掠
- て/扌 + み/耳 + ゑ/訁 = 掫
- て/扌 + 心 + selector 2 = 掬
- て/扌 + 囗 + へ/⺩ = 掴
- て/扌 + り/分 + さ/阝 = 掵
- て/扌 + 宿 + む/車 = 掻
- て/扌 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 掾
- て/扌 + 比 + ひ/辶 = 揀
- て/扌 + 宿 + ゆ/彳 = 揄
- て/扌 + 数 + す/発 = 揆
- て/扌 + き/木 + よ/广 = 揉
- て/扌 + 宿 + れ/口 = 揖
- て/扌 + 宿 + の/禾 = 揣
- て/扌 + み/耳 + さ/阝 = 揶
- て/扌 + 龸 + む/車 = 搆
- て/扌 + 宿 + は/辶 = 搏
- て/扌 + そ/馬 + こ/子 = 搓
- て/扌 + せ/食 + や/疒 = 搗
- て/扌 + ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 = 搦
- て/扌 + 宿 + 日 = 搨
- て/扌 + と/戸 + 宿 = 搭
- て/扌 + り/分 + お/頁 = 搶
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + う/宀/#3 = 摎
- て/扌 + 宿 + い/糹/#2 = 摧
- て/扌 + 宿 + く/艹 = 摸
- て/扌 + む/車 + 日 = 摺
- て/扌 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 撈
- て/扌 + 宿 + 龸 = 撓
- て/扌 + 宿 + を/貝 = 撕
- て/扌 + け/犬 + 火 = 撚
- て/扌 + 宿 + す/発 = 撥
- て/扌 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 撩
- て/扌 + む/車 + 火 = 撫
- て/扌 + の/禾 + た/⽥ = 播
- て/扌 + 宿 + こ/子 = 撰
- て/扌 + 龸 + め/目 = 撹
- て/扌 + ひ/辶 + た/⽥ = 撻
- て/扌 + ひ/辶 + 心 = 撼
- て/扌 + ち/竹 + た/⽥ = 擂
- て/扌 + 囗 + れ/口 = 擅
- て/扌 + 宿 + き/木 = 擒
- て/扌 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 擠
- て/扌 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 擡
- て/扌 + 宿 + や/疒 = 擢
- て/扌 + へ/⺩ + し/巿 = 擣
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + を/貝 = 擯
- て/扌 + も/門 + す/発 = 擱
- て/扌 + 宿 + さ/阝 = 擲
- て/扌 + 宿 + ち/竹 = 擶
- て/扌 + す/発 + ら/月 = 擺
- て/扌 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 擽
- て/扌 + selector 1 + ゆ/彳 = 擾
- て/扌 + を/貝 + け/犬 = 攅
- て/扌 + 宿 + み/耳 = 攘
- て/扌 + や/疒 + selector 1 = 攜
- て/扌 + く/艹 + い/糹/#2 = 攤
- て/扌 + 宿 + め/目 = 攪
- て/扌 + め/目 + す/発 = 攬
- ち/竹 + 宿 + て/扌 = 箍
Compounds of 専 and 專
- ろ/十 + て/扌 = 博
- selector 1 + ろ/十 + て/扌 = 愽
- ち/竹 + て/扌 = 簿
- い/糹/#2 + て/扌 = 縛
- く/艹 + て/扌 = 薄
- て/扌 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 摶
- 心 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 榑
- き/木 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 槫
- に/氵 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 溥
- か/金 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 甎
- ま/石 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 磚
- を/貝 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 賻
- な/亻 + 宿 + て/扌 = 傅
- な/亻 + な/亻 + て/扌 = 傳
- む/車 + む/車 + て/扌 = 轉
- れ/口 + む/車 + て/扌 = 囀
- る/忄 + 宿 + て/扌 = 慱
- ⺼ + 宿 + て/扌 = 膊
- 心 + う/宀/#3 + て/扌 = 蓴
Compounds of 夬
- る/忄 + て/扌 = 快
- に/氵 + て/扌 = 決
- に/氵 + に/氵 + て/扌 = 决
- ゑ/訁 + て/扌 = 訣
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + て/扌 = 刔
- て/扌 + 宿 + て/扌 = 抉
- ね/示 + 宿 + て/扌 = 袂
- て/扌 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鴃
Compounds of 亭
- 仁/亻 + て/扌 = 停
- に/氵 + selector 6 + て/扌 = 渟
Compounds of 抽
- て/扌 + え/訁 = 捜
- て/扌 + て/扌 + え/訁 = 搜
- こ/子 + て/扌 = 押
Compounds of 拘
- て/扌 + も/門 = 抱
Compounds of 丁
- て/扌 + て/扌 = 打
- 宿 + て/扌 = 寧
- れ/口 + 宿 + て/扌 = 嚀
- 心 + 宿 + て/扌 = 檸
- に/氵 + 宿 + て/扌 = 濘
- け/犬 + 宿 + て/扌 = 獰
- み/耳 + 宿 + て/扌 = 聹
- 火 + て/扌 = 灯
- た/⽥ + て/扌 = 町
- え/訁 + て/扌 = 訂
- を/貝 + て/扌 = 貯
- か/金 + て/扌 = 釘
- お/頁 + て/扌 = 頂
- れ/口 + 数 + て/扌 = 叮
- に/氵 + 数 + て/扌 = 汀
- た/⽥ + 数 + て/扌 = 甼
- や/疒 + 数 + て/扌 = 疔
- ま/石 + 数 + て/扌 = 竚
- い/糹/#2 + 数 + て/扌 = 紵
- 心 + 数 + て/扌 = 苧
- せ/食 + 数 + て/扌 = 酊
- 仁/亻 + 宿 + て/扌 = 佇
Other compounds
- 囗 + て/扌 = 団
- 囗 + 囗 + て/扌 = 團
- な/亻 + て/扌 = 伝
- む/車 + て/扌 = 転
- や/疒 + お/頁 + て/扌 = 巓
- て/扌 + の/禾 + selector 4 = 秉
- さ/阝 + 宿 + て/扌 = 鄭
Notes
Braille patterns
Darwish Pasha, also spelled Dervish Pasha, was the Ottoman beylerbey (governor-general) of Damascus Eyalet from 1571 to 1574. In 1574 they constructed an Islamic building complex consisting of a mosque, madrasa, mausoleum, and a fountain, which came to be called the Darwishiyya Madrasa after him. The governor endowed the complex as waqf for Isma'il al-Nabulsi, great-grandfather of the Sufi scholar Abd al-Ghani al-Nabulsi, and their descendants to teach the Shafi'i fiqh (jurisprudence). Isma'il attracted Turkish, Persian, and Arab students there and Darwish Pasha built a mausoleum for them at the Bab al-Saghir cemetery.
References
Bibliography
16th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
Ottoman governors of Damascus
A watermark is an identifying image or pattern in paper that appears as various shades of lightness/darkness when viewed by transmitted light (or when viewed by reflected light, atop a dark background), caused by thickness or density variations in the paper.
Watermarks have been used on postage stamps, currency, and other government documents to discourage counterfeiting. There are two main ways of producing watermarks in paper; the dandy roll process, and the more complex cylinder mould process.
Watermarks vary greatly in their visibility; while some are obvious on casual inspection, others require some study to pick out. Various aids have been developed, such as watermark fluid that wets the paper without damaging it.
A watermark is very useful in the examination of paper because it can be used for dating documents and artworks, identifying sizes, mill trademarks and locations, and determining the quality of a sheet of paper.
The word is also used for digital practices that share similarities with physical watermarks. In one case, overprint on computer-printed output may be used to identify output from an unlicensed trial version of a program. In another instance, identifying codes can be encoded as a digital watermark for a music, video, picture, or other file.
History
The origin of the water part of a watermark can be found back when a watermark was something that only existed in paper. At that time the watermark was created by changing the thickness of the paper and thereby creating a shadow/lightness in the watermarked paper. This was done while the paper was still wet/watery and therefore the mark created by this process is called a watermark.
Watermarks were first introduced in Fabriano, Italy, in 1282.
Processes
Dandy roll process
Traditionally, a watermark was made by impressing a water-coated metal stamp onto the paper during manufacturing. The invention of the dandy roll in 1826 by John Marshall revolutionised the watermark process and made it easier for producers to watermark their paper.
The dandy roll is a light roller covered by material similar to window screen that is embossed with a pattern. Faint lines are made by laid wires that run parallel to the axis of the dandy roll, and the bold lines are made by chain wires that run around the circumference to secure the laid wires to the roll from the outside. Because the chain wires are located on the outside of the laid wires, they have a greater influence on the impression in the pulp, hence their bolder appearance than the laid wire lines.
This embossing is transferred to the pulp fibres, compressing and reducing their thickness in that area. Because the patterned portion of the page is thinner, it transmits more light through and therefore has a lighter appearance than the surrounding paper. If these lines are distinct and parallel, and/or there is a watermark, then the paper is termed laid paper. If the lines appear as a mesh or are indiscernible, and/or there is no watermark, then it is called wove paper. This method is called line drawing watermarks.
Cylinder mould process
Another type of watermark is called the cylinder mould watermark. It is a shaded watermark first used in 1848 that incorporates tonal depth and creates a greyscale image. Instead of using a wire covering for the dandy roll, the shaded watermark is created by areas of relief on the roll's own surface. Once dry, the paper may then be rolled again to produce a watermark of even thickness but with varying density. The resulting watermark is generally much clearer and more detailed than those made by the Dandy Roll process, and as such Cylinder Mould Watermark Paper is the preferred type of watermarked paper for banknotes, passports, motor vehicle titles, and other documents where it is an important anti-counterfeiting measure.
On postage stamps
In philately, the watermark is a key feature of a stamp, and often constitutes the difference between a common and a rare stamp. Collectors who encounter two otherwise identical stamps with different watermarks consider each stamp to be a separate identifiable issue. The "classic" stamp watermark is a small crown or other national symbol, appearing either once on each stamp or a continuous pattern. Watermarks were nearly universal on stamps in the 19th and early 20th centuries, but generally fell out of use and are not commonly used on modern U.S. issues, but some countries continue to use them.
Some types of embossing, such as that used to make the "cross on oval" design on early stamps of Switzerland, resemble a watermark in that the paper is thinner, but can be distinguished by having sharper edges than is usual for a normal watermark. Stamp paper watermarks also show various designs, letters, numbers and pictorial elements.
The process of bringing out the stamp watermark is fairly simple. Sometimes a watermark in stamp paper can be seen just by looking at the unprinted back side of a stamp. More often, the collector must use a few basic items to get a good look at the watermark. For example, watermark fluid may be applied to the back of a stamp to temporarily reveal the watermark.
Even using the simple watermarking method described, it can be difficult to distinguish some watermarks. Watermarks on stamps printed in yellow and orange can be particularly difficult to see. A few mechanical devices are also used by collectors to detect watermarks on stamps such as the Morley-Bright watermark detector and the more expensive Safe Signoscope. Such devices can be very useful for they can be used without the application of watermark fluid and also allow the collector to look at the watermark for a longer period of time to more easily detect the watermark.
See also
Digital watermarking
Thomas Harry Saunders
Allan H. Stevenson
Overprinting
Overprint
References
Further reading
Buxton, B.H. The Buxton Encyclopedia of Watermarks. Tappan, N.Y.: Buxton Stamp Co., 1977 114p.
Felix, Ervin J. The Stamp Collector's Guidebook of Worldwide Watermarks and Perforations, from 1840 to date. Racine, WI.: Whitman Publishing Co., 1966 256p.
Repeta, Louis E. Watermarks In Postage Stamp Paper: a comprehensive look at a key stamp element. Reprinted in 1999 from The American Philatelist (February 1987). 27p.
External links
WZMA - Watermarks of the Middle Ages
Briquet online (in French)
Piccard online (English)
Watermark Database of the Dutch University Institute for Art History
Bernstein - The Memory of Paper, Portal to 50 Watermark Databases
Watermarks 1850-date
Finding Watermarks on Stamps: Hobbizine article
Thomas L. Gravell Watermark Archive
Thomas Gravell watermark collection, Special Collections, University of Delaware Library, Newark, Delaware.
Archive of Papers and Watermarks in Greek Manuscripts
The History of Watermarks on U.S. Stamps 1895-1916
Watermark discussion list
Philatelic terminology
Money forgery
Papermaking
Stationery
Banknotes
Italian inventions
io:Filigrano
"Lens" is a 2012 song by Canadian-American recording artist Alanis Morissette, released as the second single from their eighth studio album, Havoc and Bright Lights. The song was written by Morissette and Guy Sigsworth, and produced by Sigsworth and Joe Chiccarelli. The song was played at most shows of Guardian Angel Tour.
Music video
The music video was released on May 13, 2013, almost a year after the release of the single. Directed by Victor Indrizzo, the video is an amalgamation of scenes Alanis in Israel with backstage footage from their last tour. Despite being the third video, the song was the second single from the album.
Track listing
Digital download
"Lens" – 4:08
2012 singles
Songs written by Alanis Morissette
Rock ballads
2012 songs
Songs written by Guy Sigsworth
Song recordings produced by Guy Sigsworth
William Morris Finlay (9 August 1926 – 4 September 2014) was a Scottish professional football player and coach.
Career
Born in Auchterderran, Finlay played as a centre half for Bowhill Rovers, East Fife, Clyde and Raith Rovers, making a total of 476 appearances in the Scottish Football League.
With East Fife they won the League Cup three times (1947–48, 1949–50, 1952–53) plus the 1947–48 Scottish Division Two title, two B Division Supplementary Cups and a Scottish Cup runners-up medal in 1949–50; with Clyde they won the Scottish Cup in 1957–58 plus two lower-tier titles (1956–57 and 1961–62). They were among the most highly regarded players of the period never selected to represent Scotland, though at the time there was a strong pool of local talent at various clubs across the country.
After retiring from playing they became manager of Lochore Welfare. They died in 2014, at which time they had been the longest-living member of East Fife's 'golden era' between the 1930s and 1950s.
References
1926 births
2014 deaths
Scottish footballers
Scottish football managers
East Fife F.C. players
Clyde F.C. players
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Association football defenders
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Scottish Junior Football Association managers
People from Cardenden
Footballers from Fife
Bowhill Rovers F.C. players
The women's lightweight (56 kg/123.2 lbs) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the female K-1 tournaments. There were six women from two continents (Europe and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules.
Due to the low level of competitors for an eight-woman tournament, two fighters had byes through to the semi finals. The tournament winner was Morocco's Souad Rochdi who defeated Alena Kuchynskaya from Belarus in the final to win the gold medal. Poland's Natalia Grabowska and Italian Donatella Panu won bronze medals.
Results
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
The Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland (ABC, ABCi and ABCI) is a Baptist Christian denomination based in Ireland. It is a group of 117 autonomous Baptist churches working together in fellowship and evangelism, training and caring ministries. The association only acts on behalf of the churches for the work which the churches have agreed to do together.
History
The Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland has its origins in the establishment of Baptist churches in Cork (1640), Dublin (1642) and Waterford (1650). In 1725, there were 11 Baptist churches, and 9 formed the Irish Baptist Association. The Irish Baptist Association was reorganised in 1862, and was replaced by the Baptist Union of Ireland in 1895. Irish Baptists initially had a close relationship with the English Baptists. However, desire for independence caused the Irish Baptists to follow their own path and they set up the Union in 1895. The first Assembly meeting of the newly formed Union took place in May 1895 in Mountpottinger Baptist Church, Belfast with 27 churches present with two more being added to the membership in that meeting. They supported Charles Spurgeon during the Downgrade Controversy that raged in the Baptist Union of Great Britain. The Union returned to its original name of the Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland in 2000, highlighting that they are an association of churches of like mind which seek to work and fellowship together. According to a denomination census released in 2020, it claimed 117 churches and 8,500 members.
Organisation
Departments include Baptist Women, Baptist Youth, Missions, Welfare, and Training (Irish Baptist Historical Society and Irish Baptist College). The ABC Insight is a bi-monthly magazine serving the churches. The Baptist Centre comprising the administrative offices and the Irish Baptist College is located near Moira, County Down, Northern Ireland. The association holds an annual assembly in May. The Churches Council meets during the week of the annual assembly and also annually in November. The purpose of the Council is to hear reports and conduct business. Matters are handled between sessions by the executive committee elected by the churches at the May Churches Council meeting.
Training
Promotes training among the churches and operates the Irish Baptist College which seeks to train men and women for pastoral and necessary services.
Caring Ministries
By means of the Orphan Society, Annuity Fund and Baptist Aid provides support for those in need.
Members
Association members are referred to as Irish Baptists, however some choose to refer to themselves as Association Baptists to distinguish them from other Baptists.
Hugh D. Brown, an author, pastor-teacher in Dublin, politician in the Irish Unionist Alliance, President of the Irish Baptist Association and theologian.
Alexander Carson, author of Baptism in its Mode and Subjects, pastor-teacher and theologian.
William Young Fullerton
Hamilton Moore
See also
Irish Baptist College
References
Further reading
Carson, Alexander (Introduction); Nicholas, Elmer H. (Introduction); Green, Jay. (Preface) (2000) "Baptism, Its Mode and Subjects", Sovereign Grace Publishers Inc, Binding: Hardcover Pub. Date: 2000,
Leonard, Bill J. (c2003) "Baptist Ways", Judson Press, Valley Forge, PA, Binding: (alk. paper), Date: c2003,
McBeth, Leon H. (c1987) "The Baptist Heritage", Broadman Press, Nashville, TN Date: c1987
Wardin, Albert W. (Editor) (c1995) "Baptists Around the World", Broadman & Holman, Nashville, TN Date: c1995.
White, B. R. (1971–77) "Association records of the Particular Baptists of England, Wales and Ireland to 1660", Baptist Historical Society, London, UK Date: 1971-77
External links
1862 establishments in Ireland
All-Ireland organisations
Baptist denominations established in the 19th century
Baptist denominations in the United Kingdom
Protestantism in Ireland
Protestantism in the Republic of Ireland
Protestantism in Northern Ireland
Religious organisations based in Northern Ireland
Religious organizations established in 1862
Bert Rigby, You're a Fool is a 1989 American musical film directed by Carl Reiner, and starring Robert Lindsay in the title role.
Plot
Bert Rigby is a miner in a small dying town of Langmore in northern England, with aspirations to show business. They tell the story in flashback, while sitting in a bar. They live with their mother, a musical fan, and next door to their sweetheart, Laurel Pennington. They live above the pub where they work, and they have a bomb shelter straddling their back yards where they have secret meetings. While their fellows are on strike once again, Bert decides to try their luck in show-biz. They get their chance when they perform in an amateur show, singing "Isn't It Romantic?", and their first appearance on stage goes all wrong, when their nose starts bleeding after an injury sustained playing football - but the audience loves them anyway. So they start as a comedian in a traveling amateur show for £50 a night, touring around the country with their manager, Sid Trample, and Sid's wife Tess. Bert repeats the act they did in their first appearance, until they tire of it and starts doing a Buster Keaton imitation. During the tour they come across a crew filming a contraceptive commercial.
One day Bert gets an offer from an ad director from Hollywood and flies to the United States with Sid, expecting a great career ... and again leaving behind their pregnant young wife. Bert is calling Laurel when they are about to leave, and when they have to break off, they swear when they discover their bags are missing, leaving Laurel with a misunderstanding. In Hollywood they film a commercial with them playing Buster Keaton, and directed by Kyle DeForest, the same director they had seen filming the contraceptives commercial, but the ad is dropped when a demographic survey reveals that most of the target audience had never heard of Keaton. Bert phones Laurel to apologize, but they swear again when they slip on the wet bathroom floor, causing yet more misunderstanding. Bert then discovers that Sid has left them high and dry, and stranded in America, they part ways.
Bert then works as a pizza deliveryman, where they encounter a group of thugs, and then as a nightclub comic, where they defend a Hispanic man against a loutish patron. The grateful Hispanic hires Bert to work as a tree pruner. There they meet Meredith, the hot-to-trot wife of movie mogul I.I. Perlestein. When Bert is fired from their job as a tree pruner, they are then hired by Perlestein to work as a servant in their house, and to act as a technical advisor to Jim Shirley, a caddish Hollywood star who is playing a Briton in a film. While fending off the advances of Meredith, Bert forms a bond with Shirleys' son. Then Bert phones Laurel, and during their conversation, they have a dream where they sing to their "Dream a Little Dream of Me." The Perlesteins have a dinner party at their house, with Bert acting as the servant. The party becomes a disaster when the curtain hiding a priceless masterpiece is set on fire. The flashback ends, and the bartender tells Bert that the person they have been telling their story to does not speak English. Bert then dances in the bar, which catches the attention of an ad producer. Bert eventually returns to England in triumph, with a showing of their song-and-dance Crown Royal commercial in the town theatre. The commercial is followed by Bert doing a rendition of "Puttin' on the Ritz."
Reception
Janet Maslin gave the film a mixed review in The New York Times, saying "the film that Carl Reiner has fashioned around Mr. Lindsay's music-loving mineworker, is extremely odd. Its pace isn't quick. Its point isn't clear. Its satire is so gentle that it hardly has a target. Its only guiding sentiment is a loose, soft-hearted affection for a certain kind of show-business magic." Anne Bancroft earned a Golden Raspberry Award nomination for Worst Supporting Actress for their performance in the film.
Cast
Robert Lindsay - Bert Rigby
Robbie Coltrane - Sid Temple
Cathryn Bradshaw - Laurel Pennington
Anne Bancroft - Meredith Perlestein
Corbin Bernsen - Jim Shirley
Bruno Kirby - Kyle DeForest
Jackie Gayle - I.I. Perlestein
Carmen du Sautoy - Tess Temple
Liz Smith - Mrs. Rigby
Mike Grady - Mick O'Grady
References
External links
1989 films
American musical films
1980s musical films
Films directed by Carl Reiner
Warner Bros. films
Films with screenplays by Carl Reiner
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
John Sills Jones (February 12, 1836 – April 11, 1903) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio who also served as an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Biography
Jones was born near St. Paris, Champaign County, Ohio, where they attended the public schools. Studying law they graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, Ohio, in 1855. They were admitted to the bar in 1857 and commenced practice in Delaware, Ohio; where they served as prosecuting attorney for Delaware County in 1860 and 1861.
Wanting to serve in the Civil War they were commissioned a First Lieutenant in the 4th Ohio Infantry Regiment in 1861. After 3 years they reenlisted, and in September 1864 they were given command of the 174th Ohio Infantry Regiment with the rank of colonel. Jones was mustered out with their regiment on July 7, 1865, and received a brevet promotion to brigadier general on June 27.
Jones afterwards resumed the practice of law. In 1866 they served as mayor of Delaware, Ohio, and afterwards became prosecuting attorney again until 1872. They were elected as a Republican to the Forty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1877 – March 3, 1879) and served as a member of the State house of representatives (1879-1884). Jones died on April 11, 1903, and was interred in Oak Grove Cemetery.
See also
References
Retrieved on 2008-11-05
External links
1836 births
1903 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Mayors of places in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Union Army colonels
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
People from Champaign County, Ohio
Burials at Oak Grove Cemetery, Delaware, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Seymour the Fractal Cat is a science fiction comedy serial featuring Paul Bown, John Hegley and Greg Proops. It was written by Gary Parker, and first broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 1996. It was rebroadcast on BBC Radio 4 Extra (formerly BBC Radio 7).
Plot summary
Jeremy Stone (Paul Bown) was recently sacked by Darkling Research, where they were supposed to be de-bugging software but instead developed a highly sophisticated programme called The Chaos Analysis Transformer or The CAT. Their Welsh girlfriend, Abigail (Julie Gibbs), leaves them when they discover they have spent their redundancy payment on a new highly sophisticated computer – the Omni-Tech II. And now their cat – the furry one, Seymour (Greg Proops) – is talking to him. And so is Omni-Tech, their computer (John Hegley).
Their friend, Michael (Robert Bathurst) recommends a session with psychiatrist Natalie (Nisha K. Nayar). It transpires that Omni-Tech is working with the Large Artificial Intelligence Network or LAIN (Peter Serafinowicz). LAIN is working with Quentin Darkling (Brian Bowles), their assistant, Saunders (Simon Greenall), and their henchman, Mr. Lefty (Serafinowicz), to locate and deliver the ‘'furry'' cat, Seymour, to Lie.
There follows a series of comic misadventures, both actual in the real world and virtual in “The MetaNet,” involving Abigail, Natalie's grandmother (Maria Charles), a journalist, a talking gun, a pair of virtual koi, a barrier virus programme called Dirty Barry, and culminating in a worldwide computer crises that can only be reported because the technological upgrading of BBC Radio has been continuously delayed; and which can only be fixed by Jeremy – if they are ‘'very'' lucky. The essential points to remember are, 1) we all start small, and, 2) at the end is bed.
Episodes
"Strange Attractors"
"Fractal Infinity"
"Simplexity"
"Phase Space"
"Catastrophe Theory"
External links
Entry at epguides.com
Entry at radiohaha.com
Entry at radiolistings.co.uk
BBC Radio comedy programmes
1996 radio programme debuts
BBC Radio 4 programmes
BBC Radio 4 Extra programmes
Trigger Law is a 1944 American Western film directed by Vernon Keays and starring Hoot Gibson, Bob Steele and Beatrice Gray.
Cast
Hoot Gibson as Hoot Gibson
Bob Steele as Bob Steele
Beatrice Gray as Sally Buchanan
Ralph Lewis as Tom Buchanan
Ed Cassidy as Johnson
Jack Ingram as Kelso McGuire
George Eldredge as Corey
Pierce Lyden as Ace
Lane Chandler as Tex
Bud Osborne as Furness
George Morrell as Keno
Terry Frost as Randall
References
Bibliography
Martin, Len D. The Allied Artists Checklist: The Feature Films and Short Subjects of Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, 1947-1978. McFarland & Company, 1993.
External links
1944 films
1944 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by Vernon Keays
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Events in the year 1876 in India.
Incumbents
Thomas Baring, 1st Earl of Northbrook, Viceroy
Robert Bulwer-Lytton, 1st Earl of Lytton, Viceroy (from 12 April)
Events
National income - ₹3,887 million
Queen Victoria is proclaimed "Empress of India" and transfers powers from East India Company to the British Crown.
Lokopriya Gopinath Bordoloi Regional Institute of Mental Health was set up as Tezpur Lunatic Asylum in April, 1876.
Law
Royal Titles Act (British statute)
Customs Consolidation Act (British statute)
Slave Trade Act (British statute)
Statute Law Revision (Substituted Enactments) Act (British statute)
Births
15 September – Sharat Chandra Chatterji, novelist (d. 1938).
25 December – Muhammad Ali Jinnah, Statesman and founder of Pakistan (d. 1948).
References
India
Years of the 19th century in India
was a Japanese manga artist.  They are known for their collaborations with manga writer Kazuo Koike, the most famous of them being Lone Wolf and Cub.
Biography
Kojima was born in Yokkaichi, Mie, on the same day as Osamu Tezuka. After getting out of junior high school, Kojima painted advertising posters for movie theaters as their source of income.
In 1950, they moved to Tokyo. The post-World War II environment led to forms of manga meant for impoverished audiences. Kojima created art for kamishibai or "paper play" narrators. Kojima then started to create works for the kashi-bon market but soon started working as an assistant of manga artist Sanpei Shirato. In 1957, they made their manga artist debut with Onmitsu Kuroyoden.
In 1967, Kojima created the ninja adventure Dojinki, their first manga for a magazine. In 1970, they and writer Kazuo Koike created Kozure Okami (Lone Wolf and Cub), the first and most famous of their four major collaborations. Koike and Kojima were dubbed "the Golden Duo".
In their later years, Kojima adapted some of the films of their favorite director, Akira Kurosawa, into graphic novels. Kojima died on January 5, 2000, at the age of 71.
Awards
2004: Won the Hall of Fame Eisner Award
Bibliography
Comics work includes:
Kozure Okami (Lone Wolf and Cub), with writer Kazuo Koike, 1970–1976
Kogarashi Monjirō, with writer Saho Sasazawa
Kubikiri Asa (Samurai Executioner), with writer Kazuo Koike, 1972–1976
Hanzo no Mon (Path of the Assassin), with writer Kazuo Koike, 1978–1984
Kawaite sōrō, with writer Kazuo Koike, 1981–82
Notes
References
External links
1928 births
2000 deaths
Manga artists
Manga artists from Mie Prefecture
Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame inductees
People from Yokkaichi
Gekiga creators
20th-century Japanese people
Florencia Lozano (born December 16, 1969) is an American actor. They starred as Téa Delgado on the daytime series One Life to Live.
Lozano has guest-starred in several primetime television shows, as well as films.
Early life
Florencia Lozano was born in Princeton, New Jersey, to Eduardo, an architect, and Elizabeth, a Spanish teacher from Argentina. They grew up in Newton Centre, Massachusetts, and transferred out of Cornell University to receive their Bachelor of Arts from Brown University, before moving to New York City to earn their Master of Fine Arts degree at New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts. Lozano's regional theater credits include Yerma, Antigone, Hamlet, Caucasian Chalk Circle, among others.
Career
Lozano landed the role of attorney Téa Delgado in December 1996 on the daytime drama One Life to Live, and first aired on January 27, 1997. The character became one of soap opera's most popular creations, and earned Lozano a loyal following. In 2002, almost two years after their departure from the series, Lozano was still receiving a significant amount of fan mail for their portrayal of the character. "I so appreciate that love coming at me," they said. "The response to Téa still overwhelms me." They further relayed, "I left because I wanted to try other things. I really want to do more theater, film and television other than the soap. When you're doing a soap, it is really hard to do other things. It just takes so much of your time."
During their tenure on One Life to Live, Lozano was in an Off Broadway play called Lick in June 1999; from August to September 2000, they appeared in Love's Labor Lost, a Shakespearean play produced out of Berkeley in Orinda, CA. In addition to their popularity with soap opera fans, Lozano was named one of "Daytime's Hardest Working Women" by About.com, and titled one of soap opera's "Most Beautiful Women" by magazine Soap Opera Update.
After leaving daytime, Lozano moved on to prime-time television and film; some of their television credits are Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Gossip Girl, and Lipstick Jungle. Of their prime time transition to film, Lozano stated, "I'm playing homicide detectives a lot," referring to their roles in Perfect Stranger and The Ministers. "I don't know why," they added, "but I love it!"
To prepare for the roles, Lozano – who had lived in Manhattan for 15 years – visited the homicide division of their local police precinct. "I've been hanging out with cops, and they've been so wonderful," they said. "One of them, Irma Rivera, and I have become friends. They introduced me to a firearms instructor who showed me how to shoot a machine gun, and they took me up to the NYPD training village." Prepared, Lozano portrayed Lieutenant Karen Tejada in the April 13, 2007 release, Perfect Stranger. "I interrogate Halle Berry and I end up arresting Bruce Willis," Lozano relayed. The storyline centers around Berry's character going undercover to solve a friend's murder, and engaging in an on-line romantic life. "It's very mysterious and full of intrigue," stated Lozano. Acting with prominent film stars was a "rewarding experience" for Lozano. "Halle is so gorgeous," they stated, "and they have a very beautiful energy about them They were fun to play with, open to ideas, and willing to try new stuff and really excited." Lozano said, "Bruce was fun, too, in a different way. They let me push them around and manhandle him. I was surprised."
When Lozano acquired the lead role in The Ministers, opposite John Leguizamo and Harvey Keitel, they were again prepared. Filmed in February 2007, the crime thriller is about a female NYPD detective (Lozano) who tries to avenge the murder of their police officer father by what they presumed to be a cult. But unwittingly, they fall for one of the killers (Leguizamo) in the process. "Harvey plays my partner – they used to be my father's partner," Lozano stated. A fan of Leguizamo, Lozano was excited to work with him. "He was cracking jokes, and we were always busting on each other," said Lozano. "I felt really comfortable with him."
The opportunity to carry a film was a longtime goal for Lozano, who enjoyed the experience. "It's really a great feeling when your dreams come true. It may sound cheesy but I was like, 'Wow, I got what I wanted!'" they stated. "My training in theater and daytime really paid off – I have never appreciated being on a soap as much as I do now, because we moved very fast on this movie."
Lozano still looks to do more theater and is also pursuing television opportunities. Queried on whether they would ever reprise their role of Téa on One Life to Live, they stated, "I will never close any door, especially not a door that has been so wonderful for me to walk through."
In September 2008, Soap Opera Weekly reported Lozano's return to One Life to Live; they reprised their role as Téa in December 2008 and would play the character until the shows finale in January 2012. In the meantime, they guest-starred on Ugly Betty, portraying Penelope Del Rios in the episode "Filing for the Enemy". In March 2012, Soap Opera Digest reported that Lozano would be bringing them One Life to Live character to General Hospital the week of May 7, 2012. Them debut aired May 9, and they last appeared on December 3.
In 2016, Lozano was cast in a series regular role for the second season in the Netflix crime drama series Narcos playing agent Claudia Messina.
Personal life
Lozano is a trained dancer, whose talents range from ballet to jazz, modern and flamenco. They became romantically involved with Christopher Welch in 1997, who was later featured in the 2002 Broadway revival of The Crucible. While New York theater plays kept Lozano and Welch busy, Lozano planned to stay on the East Coast. "I went to California, and I realized that while I could work out there, I could never live there," they stated. "There's just something that feels like home about New York. And there is something about theater that just feels so satisfying. [It] is really what I love to do."
Filmography
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Argentines
References
External links
1969 births
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Massachusetts
Actresses from New Jersey
American film actores
American people of Argentine descent
Hispanic and Latino American actores
American soap opera actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Brown University alumni
Living people
People from Princeton, New Jersey
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
El Circulo Mercantil de Ferrol (full name: Circulo Mercantil e Industrial de Ferrol, English: The Merchants and Industrialists' Circle of Ferrol) is an institution created in 1916, six years after the creation of Ferrol's Chamber of Commerce an Industry. Its first president was William V. Martin (a.k.a.: Guillermo V. Martin, by the Spaniards), British Citizen and British Vice-Consul in Ferrol. This institution was originally designed for the flourishing middle classes of the period.
In the 1970s, it developed into a much broader institution in the valley of Serantes on the outskirts of Ferrol. Its facilities include a sports centre with swimming pools, mini-golf range, and tennis courts.
See also
El Casino de Ferrol
Club Naval de Ferrol.
References
External links
The “Circulo Mercantil e Industrial” hosts an important book collection in its library
Multi-sport clubs in Spain
Ferrol, Spain
Tennis venues in Spain
1916 establishments in Spain
Liviu Giosan is a Romanian and American marine geologist studying the interactions between climate, landscapes and humans. In the public sphere, they initiated "Ad Astra", an association of scientists from Romania and Romanian diaspora, and has been actively involved in efforts to reform Romania's post-communist science and academia.
Career
Studying the sediment transfer system through rivers into and inside the ocean, they focus especially on river deltas and has worked in the Danube, Indus, Ebro, Mackenzie among other regions. Their work includes contributions reported on by National Geographic on the so-called "Noah's Flood" or the Black Sea deluge hypothesis, New York Times, on the collapse of the ancient urban Indus Valley civilisation and the long term impact of deforestation on the Danube Delta and the Black Sea, BBC on the drowning of river deltas under human-induced climate changes.
Giosan started their career studying the Danube delta. This work led to a classification of deltas highlighting the constructive role of waves and to the discovery of an asymmetric (polygenetic) end-member. These advances, together with novel ideas on river mouth morphodynamics, inspired approaches to numerically model river delta evolution and architecture. After producing the first accurate evolution model of the Danube Delta, Giosan explored the dramatic effects of early deforestation on the Danube and Black Sea as a type example of how humans have unintentionally affected the coastal ocean for millennia. Together with colleagues spanning disciplines from paleogenetics to engineering, they linked the rapid growth of the Danube delta in the last 2000 years to deforestation that started under the Roman Empire and accelerated during the Ottoman Empire's expansion in Europe. Paleo-DNA preserved in sediments indicated the ecosystem of the whole Black Sea has changed following the deforestation as the Danube brought in more nutrients and silica from eroding soils. The magnitude of these changes for a continental-size system such as the Danube-Black Sea is a prime argument for an early Anthropocene epoch.
In 2003, after discovering of a large submarine extension of the Indus delta, Giosan and their colleagues started to explore the Holocene history of the Indus River and its ancient urban Indus Valley civilisation. Their analyses of landscape and human settlement dynamics along the Indus and its tributaries offered ample field-based support for a climatic theory of the Indus Civilization collapse. Landscape semi-fossilization as the Indian monsoon declined and aridity increased demonstrates that floods became erratic and less extensive making inundation agriculture less sustainable. Their studies also showed that the Ghaggar-Hakra, a former Indus tributary or a river flowing between the Indus and the Ganges watersheds and the most likely candidate for Sarasvati River of mythical fame, retracted its reach toward the foothills of the Himalaya. That region continued to be populated by the Indus people long after the collapse of their cities. Further work by Giosan's team in peninsular India highlighted the regional character of the impact of such climate changes: while the Indus civilization collapsed under the monsoon decline, people of the peninsula expanded agriculture to cope with aridity. In interviews, Giosan compared the ancient Indus collapse to the present dependence on fossil fuels and introduced the term "Goldilocks civilization" to underline their non-sustainable character.
In 2014, together with other leading deltaic researchers, they examined the global health of river deltas showing that these vast coastal lowlands cannot withstand the predicted rise in sea level for the next century and calling for maintenance and reconstruction measures. Using again Danube delta as an example, Giosan and their colleagues showed that the expansion of a shallow channel network used for fishing in the mid 20th century had beneficial effects by trapping sediments on the delta plain and counteracting sea level rise effects. This channelization of the delta plain, which mimics natural deltas in their youth, emerged as one of the methods for delta reconstruction.
Public life
In 2000 Giosan initiated and co-founded "Ad Astra", an association of academics dedicated to the reform of science and education in post-communist Romania. Occasionally they publish analyses and OpEd texts in the Romanian media such as România Curată, Adevărul, or România Liberă.
References
University of Bucharest alumni
Stony Brook University alumni
Romanian geologists
Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution
Marine geologists
1968 births
Living people
People from Suceava County
Yelena Carolina Maciel Vera (born 29 October 1988 in Merida, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan actor. They became known in 2002 on the Radio Caracas Televisión's telenovela, Trapos íntimos. In 2015 they obtained their first leading role in the RCTV Producciones telenovela, Corazón traicionado, a production that premiered 3 years later in Venezuela for Televen.
Maciel, with fellow Venezuelan Carlos Felipe Álvarez, starred within the music video for Daddy Yankee's "La Rompe Corazones", directed by Venezuelan director Nuno Gómes. The clip was scheduled to premier on Daddy Yankee's YouTube account on June 2, 2017 but had to be re-edited on June 1, 2017 due to the platform's change on its content regulations. The visual finally premiered on June 7, 2017.
Filmography
Personal life
Maciel married the Venezuelan actor Jonathan Montenegro in 2011 with the couple having their only child daughter in 2012. They divorced in 2014.
References
External links
www.youtube.com Daddy Yankee ft Ozuna - La Rompe Corazones (Official Video)
1988 births
Living people
Venezuelan telenovela actores
21st-century Venezuelan actores
People from Mérida (state)
Venezuelan television actores
John Tomlinson (born 20 October 1933) is a British former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1933 births
Living people
British male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Great Britain
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Preston, Lancashire
Telithromycin is the first ketolide antibiotic to enter clinical use and is sold under the brand name of Ketek. It is used to treat community acquired pneumonia of mild to moderate severity. After significant safety concerns, the US Food and Drug Administration sharply curtailed the approved uses of the drug in early 2007.
Telithromycin is a semi-synthetic erythromycin derivative. It is created by substituting a ketogroup for the cladinose sugar and adding a carbamate ring in the lactone ring. An alkyl-aryl moiety is attached to this carbamate ring. Furthermore, the oxygen at the 6 position is methylated, as is the case with clarithromycin, to achieve better acid-stability.
It was patented in 1994 and approved for medical use in 2001.
Adverse effects
Most common side-effects are gastrointestinal, including diarrhea, nausea, abdominal pain and vomiting. Headache and disturbances in taste also occur. Less common side-effects include palpitations, blurred vision, and rashes. Prolonged QTc intervals may also be caused by telithromycin.
Rare but severe side-effects were initially reported in March 2006, involving damage to the liver. Three different incidents were reported: one case of temporary drug-induced hepatitis, one ending in a liver transplant, and one ending in death.
In the United States, the FDA's Office of Epidemiology and Surveillance identified 12 cases of acute liver failure, resulting in four deaths, and an additional 23 cases of acute, serious liver injury, among 5.2 million patients taking telithromycin through April 2006.
In 2010, a published report described the likely mechanism of action underlying not only the cases of liver failure but also cases of visual disturbances and exacerbations of myasthenia gravis. The study showed that a pyridine moiety that is part of the telithromycin molecule acts as an antagonist on cholinergic receptors located in the neuromuscular junction, the ciliary ganglion of the eye and the vagus nerve innervating the liver. Other macrolides, such as azithromycin and clarithromycin and the fluoroketolide, solithromycin, do not contain the pyridine moiety and do not antagonize these cholinergic receptors significantly.
Mechanism of action
Telithromycin prevents bacteria from growing, by interfering with their protein synthesis. Telithromycin binds to the subunit 50S of the bacterial ribosome, and blocks the progression of the growing polypeptide chain. Telithromycin has over 10 times higher affinity to the subunit 50S than erythromycin. In addition, telithromycin strongly bind simultaneously to two domains of 23S RNA of the 50 S ribosomal subunit, where older macrolides bind strongly only to one domain and weakly to the second domain. Like many other protein synthesis inhibitors, telithromycin can also inhibit the formation of ribosomal subunits 50S and 30S.
Pharmacokinetics
Unlike erythromycin, telithromycin is acid-stable and can therefore be taken orally while being protected from gastric acids. It is fairly rapidly absorbed, and diffused into most tissues and phagocytes. Due to the high concentration in phagocytes, telithromycin is actively transported to the site of infection. During active phagocytosis, large concentrations of telithromycin is released. The concentration of telithromycin in the tissues is much higher than in plasma. Telithromycin fulfills a role that has arisen due to the rise of microbial resistance to existing macrolides and appears to be effective against macrolide-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae. The defining differentiating characteristic of the ketolides as opposed to other macrolides is the removal of the neutral sugar, L-cladinose from the 3 position of the macrolide ring and the subsequent oxidation of the 3-hydroxyl to a 3-keto functional group.
Metabolism
Telithromycin is metabolized mainly in the liver, the main elimination route being the bile, a small portion is also excreted into the urine. About one third is excreted unchanged in bile and urine, the biliary route being favoured. Telithromycin's half-life is approximately ten hours.
History
French pharmaceutical company Hoechst Marion Roussel (later Sanofi-Aventis) began phase II/III clinical trials of telithromycin (HMR-3647) in 1998. Telithromycin was approved by the European Commission in July 2001 and subsequently went on sale in October 2001. In the US, telithromycin received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval on April 1, 2004.
Safety controversies and fraud
FDA staffers publicly complained that safety problems and some data integrity issues were ignored prior to approval, and the House Committee on Energy and Commerce held hearings to examine these complaints. One doctor went to prison because they falsified data in their portion of the clinical trials (about 400 patients out of 24,000). Further, Ketek seemed to cause liver problems, including "liver failure", to a greater extent than would be expected of a common-use antibiotic. The House Committee on Energy and Commerce held hearings.
Study 3014 was a key clinical trial of approximately 24,000 patients which Sanofi-Aventis submitted to the FDA to seek approval for Ketek. The doctor who treated the most patients in Study 3014 (about 400), Maria "Anne" Kirkman Campbell, served a 57-month sentence in federal prison after pleading guilty to mail fraud, by defrauding Aventis and others. The indictment states that Campbell fabricated data they sent to the company. Documents, including internal Sanofi-Aventis emails show that Aventis was worried about Campbell early in study 3014 but didn't tell the FDA until the agency's own inspectors discovered the problem independently.
In January 2006, an article in the March issue of Annals of Internal Medicine was published, citing three recent drug-induced liver injury cases likely due to telithromycin, one resulting in a liver transplant and one in death.
In July 2006, according to the New York Times, unpublished e-mails from FDA safety official David Graham argued telithromycin had not been proven safe, that safer drugs were available for the same indications, and that the approval was a mistake and should be immediately withdrawn.
Between the start of telithromycin's marketing in mid-2004 and September 2006, there were 13 cases of liver failure, including at least four deaths, vision problems, blackouts, syncope, and potentially fatal cases of myasthenia gravis. The Times said that the FDA was embroiled in a "fierce battle" over the approval, fueled by exposure in the press. Senator Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa, chairperson, Senate Finance Committee), Representatives Edward J. Markey (D-Mass) and Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif) held hearings.
FDA Warning
On February 12, 2007, after an advisory committee discussion and vote in December 2006, the FDA announced a revision to the labeling of Ketek. The changes included the removal of two of the three previously approved indications: acute bacterial sinusitis and acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis. The agency determined that the balance of benefits and risks no longer supported approval of the drug for these indications. Ketek remained on the market for the treatment of community acquired bacterial pneumonia of mild to moderate severity (acquired outside of hospitals or long-term care facilities). In addition, the FDA worked with the manufacturer to update the product labeling with a "black box warning," their strongest form of warning. Ketek's warning states that it should not be used in patients with myasthenia gravis, a disease that causes muscle weakness. Following this decision, Sanofi-Aventis withdrew the drug from active sales in the United States.
Available forms
Telithromycin is administered as tablets. The standard dosing is two 400 mg tablets to be taken together daily, with or without food.
References
External links
FDA Public Health Advisory for Telithromycin (marketed as Ketek)
Article in Annals of Internal Medicine regarding cases of hepatotoxicity induced by telithromycin
New York Times article. Login is required
FDA officials question safety of antibiotic 'Ketek'
Drugs and Treatments - KETEK Oral - Patient Handout from WebMD
Ketolide antibiotics
Pyridines
Imidazoles
Sanofi
Ketoesters
Petronà (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy. As of 2013 it had an estimated population of 2,667.
Sources
Cities and towns in Calabria
Maria Kalesnikava (Marya Alyaksandrauna Kalesnikava, , ; Maria Aleksandrovna Kolesnikova, Russian: Мария Александровна Колесникова, ; born 24 April 1982) is a Belarusian professional flutist and political activist. In 2020, they headed Viktor Babariko's electoral campaign during presidential elections of 2020 in Belarus. Kalesnikava represented the united campaign of Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, then they became a member of the presidium of the Coordination Council formed during the 2020 Belarusian protests in opposition to the regime of Alexander Lukashenko.  They are also a founder of the ‘Razam' political party.
Kolesnikova was kidnapped by unidentified law enforcement officers on September 7, 2020. Early in the morning of September 8, 2020, they were by force taken to the Ukraine country border. Kolesnikova was intimidated and pressured to leave the country, but while being on neutral ground they got off the car from the rear window, tore their local passport to pieces and went back on foot. On Belarusian territory they were arrested immediately. On the next day, Maxim Znak, Kolesnikova's attorney, was also detained.
On 11 September 2020, Amnesty International recognized Kalesnikava as a prisoner of conscience. They were awarded the International Women of Courage Award in 2021.
On 6 September 2021, Kalesnikava was sentenced to 11 years in a penal colony for their political activity.
Early life and musical career
Kalesnikava was born on 24 April 1982 in Minsk to a family of engineers. They have one sibling, a sister named Tatsiana. According to Tatiana, their parents were deeply fond of music. They inspired interest in it in their daughters and in a certain way influenced Maria's choice of profession. Maria studied in a music school, then graduated from the Belarusian State Academy of Music as a flutist and conductor.
At the age of 17, Kalesnikava started teaching the flute at a private gymnasium school in Minsk. They also played the flute at the National Academic Concert Orchestra of the Republic of Belarus under the direction of Mikhail Finberg. They played on tours across Italy, Poland, and Lithuania.
At the age of 25, they moved to Germany and enrolled to the State University of Music and Performing Arts in Stuttgart. They got two master's degrees, one in Early Music, and another in Neue Musik in 2012.
In the 2010s, Kalesnikava performed at concerts and was actively involved in organizing international cultural projects in Belarus and Germany, for instance, they were one of the creators of ‘Eclat' music festival. Them other projects included ‘Music and the Holocaust', school programm ‘Orchestra of Robots', and a series of lectures under the title "Music Lessons for Adults".
In 2017, Maria participated in one of the first TEDxNiamiha conferences in Belarus. They took part in creation of the ‘Artemp' art community that hosted contemporary art events. In the same year, they became the art director of the ‘OK16' culture centre in Minsk.
Political activity
In May 2020, Kalesnikava became the head of Viktar Babaryka's presidential campaign, who was Alexander Lukashenko's greatest independent competitor at the 2020 Belarusian presidential election. When Babaryka was refused registration and detained, on July 16, 2020, Kalesnikova and representatives of two other independent candidates' campaigns — Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya (wife of Sergei Tikhanovsky) and Veronika Tsepkalo (wife of Valery Tsepkalo) — announced creation of triple alliance. Tsikhanouskaya became their mutual candidate, they gained wide support across the country. When Lukashenko declared themselves a winner with 80,1% of votes, the opposition refused to acknowledge the results and accused Lukashenko of massive falsifications. USA, Great Britain, Canada and 8 EU countries refused to acknowledge the election's results as legitimate. The street protests and meetings emerged across the country, demanding re-election and Lukashenko's dismissal., brutally put down by law enforcement
Kalesnikava in their interviews always emphasized that they aren't any kind of ‘protest leader' and never took part in the meetings' organization. In that time Belarusian opposition pursued the idea that all citizens were protest leaders and everyone was responsible for their country's future. They visited protest meetings as a private person, via mass media they asked both citizens and law enforcement to preserve peace.
On August 18, 2020, Kalesnikava joined the 7-member presidium of Coordination Council. On August 19, they were selected as one of the main board members.
By mid-August Tikhanovskaya and Tsepkalo were forced by authorities to leave the country. Meanwhile, Kolesnikova stated to the media that they by no means would leave Belarus because they felt it was deeply personal not to flee while their colleagues and friends were jailed under unlawful charges.
On August 31, 2020, Kalesnikova announced the start of a new political party ‘Razam' that they intended to make a democratic tool to protect human rights in the country.
Arrest and repressions
On September 7, 2020, Belarusian media published the news that Kalesnikava was kidnapped in the center of Minsk. Them friends and colleagues could not reach them by phone. Later, witnesses stated that a woman was forcibly put into a black minivan by some unknown men in civilian clothes with covered faces. In the morning of September 8, 2020, the news was published that the authorities tried to deport Maria against their will, they were taken to the Alexandrovka border crossing with Ukraine. Later, Anton Gerashenko, Ukraine's Deputy Home Minister, explained that ‘it was a deportation by force, against them will'. The State Border Committee of the Republic of Belarus reported that at 4 a.m. they left Belarus together with and passed the border control and headed towards Ukraine. State-controlled TV-channels put around the story that Kalesnikava was detained at the border cross when trying to leave the country and move to their sister in Ukraine. In fact, as confirmed by the witnesses Rodnenkov and Kravtsov, in the neutral zone Kalesnikava managed to escape through the rear window of the car where they were kept, tore their passport to pieces, then headed back to Belarusian border. There they were immediately arrested. Following these news, Bundestag vice-chairperson Klaudia Roth promised to patronage Kalesnikava and help them via Libereco organization.
On September 9, 2020, Kalesnikava's colleague in Coordination Council, lawyer Maxim Znak was also arrested. On the same day, Kalesnikava's father, Aliaksandar Kalesnikau, was notified by the police that they had been jailed at a detention centre in Minsk. Through their lawyers, Maria appealed to the State Investigative Committee with the complaint that KGB and GUBOP officers threatened to kill her, they put a sack on their head and promised ‘to deport them whether in one piece or in many pieces'. Deputy Head of Department of Home Affairs Gennadiy Kazakevich personally told Kalesnikava that they ‘will work in prison for 25 years without teeth' if they further refuse to be deported.
On August 20, Alexander Konyuk, the Prosecutor General of Belarus, initiated criminal proceedings against the members of the Coordination Council under Article 361 of the Belarusian Criminal Code, on the grounds of attempting to seize state power and harming national security.
On September 12, Kalesnikava was transferred from Minsk to a temporary detention facility in Zhodino. On 16 September, the Investigative Committee of Belarus charged Kalesnikava with "actions aimed at undermining Belarusian national security" using the media and the Internet.
On 10 October 2020, Kalesnikava's attorney Aliaksandar Pylchanka announced that Lukashenko requested a meeting with them to discuss changes to the Constitution, to which they refused in an expression of solidarity with other imprisoned dissidents. On 8 November 2020, the press office of the Babaryka campaign announced that investigators had extended Kalesnikava's detention until 8 January 2021.
On 6 January 2021, the Coordination Council announced that investigators had extended Kalesnikava's pre-trial detention until 8 March. They were transferred back to Minsk. In the end of the month, on January 27, the Investigative Committee refused to open a criminal case against law enforcement officers who threatened to kill them
On 12 February, Kalesnikava and Maxim Znak were charged with "conspiracy to seize state power in an unconstitutional manner" and "establishing and leading an extremist organization". Them attorney Liudmila Kazak was stripped of their license to practice law on 19 February by the Belarus Ministry of Justice. On March 9, 2021, Viktar Babaryko's social media reported that Kalesnikava's pre-trial detention had been extended through 8 May. Them attorney Ilya Salei is under house arrest through 16 April. Final charges in May 2021 included three articles of the State Criminal Code. The defence refused all accusations and demanded to drop all charges due to absence of the event of a crime. The investigation and the trial were held behind closed doors, the accused were prohibited to study the case files.
For a year, in detention, Kalesnikava was denied visitors and couldn't meet their father. According to Tatiana Kalesnikava, Maria wrote more than 150 letters per month while jailed, while no more than 20 were received by the addressees. The correspondences sent to them were heavily censored, as Kalesnikava received no more than 5% of letters written to them They also are prohibited from getting a flute. A year without practice could forever ruin their mastery as a musician.
Sentence
Starting 4 August 2021, after almost 11 months in custody, Kalesnikava and Maxim Znak stood trial behind closed doors in the Minsk Regional Court. They faced up to 12 years in prison. Maria pleaded non guilty and called any charges against them and Znak 'absurd'. Throughout the investigation and trial, the details of the charges were not publicly disclosed. The attorneys of Kalesnikava and Znak were under a nondisclosure agreement. Though the authorities promised to make the proceedings public, in fact the courtroom was filled with some strangers, foreign ambassadors who wanted to support Kalesnikava and Znak weren't allowed inside.
On 6 September 2021, Kalesnikava was sentenced to 11 years in prison. Both they and Znak refused to request for pardon because they believed they were innocent. They planned to appeal to a higher court.
In a written interview, Kalesnikava told the media that in jail they were offered many times to make a movie ‘Protasevich-like' with confessions and to admit guilt for their actions. In their first interview after the sentence, given by phone to BBC journalist Sara Rainsford, Kolesnikova complained that in prison ‘everyone smokes everywhere', and the prolonged passive smoking will forever ruin their chances to come back as a professional flutist. However, they say they regret nothing and believes that the protests of 2020 were the beginning of a new era in the country. According to Kalesnikava, triumph of democracy in Belarus is only a matter of time.
Reactions to Kalesnikava arrest
Human rights activists and international community condemn Kalesnikava's sentence, the case is unanimously considered to be fabricated. The sentence is repressive and made as Lukashenko's political revenge.
The European Commission condemned the 7 September arrest, describing it as unacceptable.
Germany demanded clarity on Kalesnikava's whereabouts and called for the release of all political prisoners in Belarus.
Lithuania called Kalesnikava's abduction a disgrace, comparing it to something that Stalin-era secret police would have done, and demanded their immediate release.
Poland denounced Kalesnikava's abduction as contemptible and called on immediate release of all political prisoners in Belarus.
The United Kingdom expressed serious concern for Kalesnikava's welfare and said that their release must be given the highest priority.
The United States expressed concern about the attempt to expel Kalesnikava by the Belarusian authorities.
Amnesty International recognized Kalesnikava as a prisoner of conscience and demanded their immediate release.
Kosovo's speaker of the Assembly, Vjosa Osmani, along with 9 other members of the parliament, signed a letter demanding the immediate release of Kalesnikava.
Awards
2020: Sakharov Prize (European Parliament, Prize for Freedom of Thought)
On 8 March 2021 (International Women's Day), Kalesnikava was presented with the International Women of Courage Award from the US Secretary of State, Tony Blinken. The ceremony was virtual due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and included an address by First Lady, Jill Biden. After the award ceremony all of the fourteen awardees were able to take part in a virtual exchange as part an International Visitor Leadership Program.
2021: Lew-Kopelew-Preis (Germany, peace and human rights award)
2021: Stuttgarter Friedenspreis (Germany, award for courageous struggle against the autocratic regime of Alexander Lukashenko)
2021: Fritz-Csoklich-Preis (Austria)
2021: Menschenrechtspreis der Gerhart und Renate Baum-Stiftung (Germany, human rights award)
2021: Václav Havel Human Rights Prize, Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe
2022: , City of Esslingen
2022: Stig Dagerman Prize
2022: Charlemagne Prize
Notes
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Politicians from Minsk
21st-century Belarusian women politicians
21st-century Belarusian politicians
Belarusian dissidents
Belarusian flautists
State University of Music and Performing Arts Stuttgart alumni
Amnesty International prisoners of conscience held by Belarus
Political prisoners according to Viasna Human Rights Centre
Musicians from Minsk
Recipients of the International Women of Courage Award
Belarusian political prisoners
is a female long-distance runner from Japan who specialises in the marathon.
Born in Yamasaki, Hyōgo, Morimoto made their marathon debut at the 2006 Osaka Women's Marathon and, even though they were not an invited elite runner, they managed to finish in fifth place in a time of 2:27:46. They set their personal best (2:24:33) in the women's marathon on May 7, 2006, winning the Vienna City Marathon. This was the race's second fastest run for a woman at that point after Maura Viceconte's course record.
They formed part of the Okayama team for the Inter-Prefectural Women's Ekiden in January 2008 and their 4 km leg helped the team to third place in the relay race. They hoped to be selected for the 2008 Summer Olympics and began their marathon season by running 2:25:34 for second place at the Osaka Marathon. They were also runner-up at the Vienna Marathon that year, finishing behind Luminița Talpoș who defended their title. They missed out on a place in the Japanese squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics as the selectors preferred to pick Yurika Nakamura.
They signed up for the 2009 London Marathon and finished in eighth place with a time of 2:26:29 – the best performance by an Asian woman at the event. At the Berlin Marathon in September 2010 they were among the race favourites and took third place with a time of 2:26:10 behind Ethiopians Aberu Kebede and Bezunesh Bekele.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Japanese female long-distance runners
Japanese female marathon runners
Szymon Matuszek (born 7 January 1989) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Miedź Legnica.
Career
Club
In February 2011, they were loaned to Chojniczanka Chojnice on a half year deal. They returned half a year later.
On 4 August 2020, they moved to Miedź Legnica.
Honours
Miedź Legnica
I liga: 2021–22
References
External links
1989 births
People from Cieszyn
Sportspeople from Silesian Voivodeship
Living people
Polish footballers
Polish expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Poland under-21 international footballers
Jagiellonia Białystok players
Piast Gliwice players
Chojniczanka Chojnice players
Wisła Płock players
Ząbkovia Ząbki players
Górnik Zabrze players
Miedź Legnica players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Meridan Plains is a locality on the north-western edge of the Caloundra urban area in the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. Traditionally a rural area, the locality is attracting residential development from the expansion of Caloundra. In the , Meridan Plains had a population of 3,675 people.
Geography
Meridan Plains is west-northwest of Caloundra. A large portion of the western boundary follows the Mooloolah River, while a small section aligns with the Bruce Highway.
History
Meridan Plains is named after an early pastoral property established by William and Richard Westaway circa 1870, which in turn was named using a corruption of a Kabi language word meaning place of kangaroos or dingoes.
Pacific Lutheran College opened on 26 September 2001.
The primary campus of Meridan State College opened on 1 January 2006, junior secondary in 2008 and the senior secondary campus in 2010.
On 14 June 2019 the boundaries of the localities of Bells Creek and Meridan Plains were reduced to create the new localities of Banya, Corbould Park, Gagalba and Nirimba to accommodate future suburban growth in the Caloundra South Priority Development Area.
Education
Meridan State College is a government primary and secondary (Prep-12) school for boys and girls at 214 Parklands Boulevard (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 2,711 students with 194 teachers (182 full-time equivalent) and 94 non-teaching staff (64 full-time equivalent). It includes a special education program.
Pacific Lutheran College is a private primary and secondary (Prep-12) school for boys and girls at Woodlands Boulevard (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 948 students with 75 teachers (69 full-time equivalent) and 60 non-teaching staff (45 full-time equivalent).
References
External links
Suburbs of the Sunshine Coast Region
Caloundra
Localities in Queensland
Taylors Falls Public Library is the public library of Taylors Falls, Minnesota, United States, still operating in its original 19th-century building. Originally constructed as a tailor shop in 1854, the building was remodeled and converted into a library in 1887. Taylors Falls Public Library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 for its local significance in the themes of architecture and education. It was nominated for being an intact example of small-town libraries as they existed before Carnegie libraries and bookmobiles, and for its Carpenter Gothic/Stick style architecture.
Description
Taylors Falls Public Library is a one-story, two-room building measuring long and wide. It is of wood frame construction with clapboard siding on a sandstone foundation. The front door is capped by a Gothic Revival canopy and flanked by Stick style windows with Eastlake movement decorations. Elaborately sawn and turned ornaments adorn the bargeboards and front façade. A lean-to abuts the rear.
Inside the front room features a plastered barrel-vault ceiling, while the back room has a pressed tin ceiling.
History
The building was originally constructed as a simple tailor shop in 1854 by John Jacob Spengler, who operated their business in the front and lived in the back room with their family. Spengler sewed uniforms for Union soldiers during the American Civil War. In 1887 the building was sold to the Taylors Falls Library Association for use as a library. Thomas Peck converted the building to its new use and added ornamentation typical of the late 19th century. The rear lean-to was added sometime later.
The library continues to operate in the building, with a collection of 10,000 items.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chisago County, Minnesota
References
External links
Taylor Falls Public Library
1887 establishments in Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Chisago County, Minnesota
Carpenter Gothic architecture in Minnesota
Commercial buildings completed in 1854
Education in Chisago County, Minnesota
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Library buildings completed in 1887
National Register of Historic Places in Chisago County, Minnesota
Public libraries in Minnesota
Shingle Style architecture in Minnesota
The following is a list of the 162 communes of the Hautes-Alpes department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Gap-Tallard-Durance (partly)
Communauté de communes du Briançonnais
Communauté de communes Buëch Dévoluy
Communauté de communes Champsaur-Valgaudemar
Communauté de communes du Guillestrois et du Queyras
Communauté de communes du Pays des Écrins
Communauté de communes de Serre-Ponçon (partly)
Communauté de communes Serre-Ponçon Val d'Avance (partly)
Communauté de communes du Sisteronais Buëch (partly)
References
Hautes-Alpes
Comic Geek Speak (CGS) is a comics audio podcast that focuses on current mainstream and small-press comic books, featuring creator interviews, reviews, commentary on the comic book craft and industry, comic-related movie discussions and more. Bryan Deemer and Peter Rios began the Comic Geek Speak podcast in 2005 and the roster of hosts has expanded to include Shane Kelly, Kevin Moyer, Jamie D., Matt, Adam "Murd" Murdough, Brian "Pants" Christman, Chris Eberle, and Ian Levenstein. The hosts express their individual opinions in an informal way that many fans think resembles a discussion between friends hanging out at home or at the local comic shop, giving the podcast a unique point of view.
Comic Geek Speak has interviewed over 400 creators including Stan Lee, Terry Moore, Jamal Igle, Marv Wolfman, Gene Colan, Dave Sim, Geoff Johns, Matt Fraction, Joe Kubert, Freddie Williams II, Paul Pope, Jonathan Hickman, Denis Kitchen, Sean McKeever, and David Petersen, among many others. Other shows have included top 5 discussions, debates, interviews with retailers, and spotlights on specific characters or publishers. The CGS hosts also regularly visit comic conventions, giving day-to-day overviews of their experiences as attendees, interviewing creators as they promote their upcoming projects, talking to listeners, and even moderating or participating on panels.
CGS's motto is "We Are Uniting the World's Mightiest Heroes One Listener at a Time". The motto stems from a listener contest, won by Chris Whittington. The podcast engages in interactive communication with its listeners via email, voice mail, and its own forum. Listeners can ask questions, suggest ideas for future episodes, participate in contests and are occasionally given the chance to guest-hosts a show that touches on a specific topic of interest. CGS recently celebrated their 1,000 numbered episode that was recorded on January 9, 2010. Peter Rios has since left the show, they are the first Geek to officially leave CGS. They have since begun their own successful podcast: The Daily Rios.
Episodes and segments
The CGS crew release episodes Monday through Friday. Over 1,230 episodes have been released, ranging from regular shows on current comic books and comic events, to more focused discussions. These discussions include:
Book of the Month – A reading club designed to get listeners interested in and exposed to books they may not have been exposed to otherwise. The categories of books rotate from month to month, Marvel, DC, Indie, Manga, and Host Choice.
Indie Publisher Spotlight – Showcases various independent and small press comics, as well as the companies and creators behind these titles.
Let's Talk Shop – A discussion about comics and the industry with different retailers and comic book store owners.
Off The Rack – A discussion of three comics (one Marvel, one DC, and one independent) that the Geeks choose during Previews episodes. They all read and discuss the issues.
Stump the Rios – A trivia contest. Listeners submit three trivia questions, one for DC, one for Marvel, and one for Independent comics. If hosted, Peter Rios, cannot answer at least one of the three questions, the submitter will win a prize. The rules for Stump the Rios, came about because Peter was once asked three questions all about Scrooge McDuck, and so after this the rules were set that it had to be one Marvel, one DC, and one Independent Comic. Stump the Rios came to an end with Peter Rios leaving the show.
Top 5 – Hosts list their five favorites in a variety of categories, such as animated movies, villains, and cliffhangers.
Smarty Pants – The idea for a TV trivia contest featuring co-host Brian Christman was initiated by Matt when they coined the term "Iron the Pants," the original name for the contest. Listeners submit three trivia questions dealing with American TV shows from the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. Pants must successfully answer at least one question or they are considered "Ironed." No prizes are awarded. The name of the contest was later changed to "Smarty Pants" to match the segment's theme music, "Smarty Pants" performed by First Choice.
Muddle The Murd – This segment takes the place of "Stump The Rios" in regular rotation. Here, listeners submit three questions to try and defeat Adam Murdough. Each question must fit under the criteria of one DC, one Marvel and one Independent. The twist comes with the second set of criteria: one question must come from the Golden Age of comics (anytime before 1970), one from the Silver and Bronze Age (1970-2000), and finally, one from present day (2000-today). If Adam Murdough is unable to answer at least one question correctly they are considered "muddled," and the contestant wins a prize.
In one of the episodes Brian Christman interviews DiDio
Spin-off podcasts
The show has led to several spin-offs, including:
The Crisis Tapes - Hosted by Peter Rios and Adam Murdough. Each episode, the duo go in-depth, issue by issue, into DC's Crisis on Infinite Earths, and occasionally delve into its tie-in issues and related works.
Footnotes – Where the hosts of CGS take an in-depth, page by page look at some classic comic series and discuss them.
World of Toys – Hosted by Shane Kelly and Brian "Pants" Christman. A discussion of newly released toys as well as an in depth look at the toys of yesterday.
Murd's Time Bubble – Hosted by Adam "Murd" Murdough. Being behind in their current comics reading by at least eight years, Murd discusses the comics that they are catching up on and their thoughts on the stories.
Jamie's Essentials – Hosted by Jamie D. An extensive look at each Marvel character, their "must read" stories, and how they got to where they are now in current continuity.
Convention tour
Comic Geek Speak has had booths at several comic conventions around the United States, and has participated in panel discussions on podcasting. It was the official comics podcast for New York Comic Con in 2006, for Pittsburgh Comicon, and Fan Expo Canada in 2009. The podcast was also featured at sixth annual San Diego Comic-Con.
Super Show
Comic Geek Speak held their first ever live recording in January 2006, to commemorate the show's 100th episode. The live recording was held at Golden Eagle Comics in Reading, Pennsylvania, which was also the site for the Episode 200 recording later that year. When the number of listeners showing up for these recordings outgrew what Golden Eagle could accommodate comfortably, Episode 300 moved to an unoccupied storefront inside the Fairgrounds Square Mall. This was the final milestone episode event held by Comic Geek Speak before switching to a convention model for their listener gatherings.
In September 2008, Comic Geek Speak hosted the first Comic Geek Speak Super Show, a creator focused comic convention at the Greater Reading Expo Center in Reading, Pennsylvania. Notable guests included Mike Norton, Jamal Igle, David Petersen, Sal Abbinanti of Atomika, Buzz Aw, Morry Hollowell, Danielle Corsetto and many others.
Notes
References
The Comic Book Podcast Companion Published by Two Morrows
Comic Book Data Base
CGS Episode 384: Book of the Month - DMZ
CGS Episode 216: Civil War 3
External links
American talk radio programs
2005 podcast debuts
Audio podcasts
Comic book podcasts
Websites about comics
American podcasts
Talk show podcasts
Murmur is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band R.E.M., released on April 12, 1983, by I.R.S. Records. Murmur drew critical acclaim upon its release for its unusual sound, defined by lead singer Michael Stipe's cryptic lyrics, guitarist Peter Buck's jangly guitar style, and bass guitarist Mike Mills' melodic basslines.
Recording
R.E.M. started preparing for their debut album in December 1982. I.R.S. paired R.E.M. with producer Stephen Hague, who had a higher profile than the band's previous producer Mitch Easter. Hague's emphasis on technical perfection did not suit the band; the producer made the group perform multiple takes of the song "Catapult", which demoralized drummer Bill Berry. Also, Hague took the completed track to Synchro Sound studios in Boston and added keyboard parts to the track without the band's permission and to their dismay. Unsatisfied, the band members asked the label to let them record with Easter. I.R.S. agreed to a "tryout" session, allowing the band to travel to North Carolina and record the song "Pilgrimage" with Easter and producing partner Don Dixon. After hearing the track, I.R.S. permitted the group to record the album with Dixon and Easter.
On January 6, 1983, R.E.M. entered Reflection Studios in Charlotte, North Carolina to begin recording sessions with Easter and Dixon. Much of the band's material for the album had been tested on preceding tours. Because of its bad experience with Hague, the band recorded the album via a process of negation, refusing to incorporate rock music clichés such as guitar solos or then-popular synthesizers, to give its music a timeless feel. Berry specifically was resistant to "odd" musical suggestions, insisting that their drums be recorded in a drummer's booth, a practice that was antiquated at the time. Dixon and Easter took a hands-off approach to much of the recording process. The pair would only fix up a vocal track or ask lead singer Michael Stipe to re-record a vocal if it was very substandard. Recording was completed on February 23, 1983.
Music
Murmur'''s sound characterized the quieter, introverted side of the first wave of alternative rock in the United States. The sound was new at the time, though not stepping beyond the constructs of traditional rock music. The guitars have a bright, ring-like chime that brought on comparisons to the Byrds, and the bass guitar has the bright punchy sound of the Rickenbacker favored by Mike Mills. Mills carries much of the melodic element of the music on the bass, contributing to the moody sound of early R.E.M. albums. Also contributing to this sound is the distant singing of Michael Stipe whose obscure lyrics, sung indistinctly, lend to the mystery and depth of the music.
In a rare instance of R.E.M. co-writing, Stipe asked friend Neil Bogan to contribute lyrics to "West of the Fields".
Packaging
The front cover features an image of a large quantity of the noxious weed kudzu, which grows so rapidly that it overtakes the landscape and kills other plants by completely shading them. The trestle featured on the back cover of the original vinyl LP release, originally part of the Georgia Railroad line into downtown Athens, has become something of a local landmark. Plans to demolish the trestle, now commonly referred to as the "Murmur Trestle", met with public outcry. On October 2, 2000, the Athens-Clarke County Mayor and Commission voted to save the trestle. In 2012, the local government said it can not afford to keep it and declared in 2016 that it would likely come down. Later that year, the Athens-Clarke County Commission suggested that a trail tax could fund its existence. The Murmur Trestle was approved for demolition in 2019, and work began in 2020 to destroy it. A replica of the original trestle is intended to be constructed, as well as preservation of some of the original trestle.
Copies of the initial tape edition—catalogue number CS 70604—list The Velvet Underground cover "There They Go Again" as the final track, but it is not present. This mistake was fixed with subsequent printings. The track was intended for Murmur, but removed so that all the tracks would be original and the group would not have to take a royalty cut. It was, however, included as a b-side to the IRS issue of "Radio Free Europe" instead.
Critical receptionMurmur was released in April 1983. The record reached number 36 on the Billboard album chart. A re-recorded version of "Radio Free Europe" was the album's lead single and reached number 78 on the Billboard singles chart that year. Despite the acclaim awarded the album, by the end of 1983 Murmur had only sold about 200,000 copies, which I.R.S.'s Jay Boberg felt was below expectations. Murmur was eventually certified gold (500,000 units shipped) by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1991.
The album drew substantial critical acclaim. Rolling Stone gave the album four out of five stars. Reviewer Steve Pond felt the album fulfilled the promise the band showed on Chronic Town. They wrote, "Murmur is the record on which [R.E.M.] trade that potential for results: an intelligent, enigmatic, deeply involving album, it reveals a depth and cohesiveness to R.E.M. that the EP could only suggest." They concluded, "R.E.M. is clearly the important Athens band." Jonathan Gregg of Record described Murmur as "a splendid little film noir of an album, austere but rich in implication." They particularly praised the band's distinctive "twitchy, restless dance beat" and the incomprehensibility of the album's meaning, noting that Stipe's already enigmatic lyrics are often hard to make out due to being sung with a deliberate slur, lost in a muddy mix, and/or drowned out by the instrumental work, resulting in an impressive sense of meaning even as the meaning itself is not understood. It was Rolling Stones Best Album of 1983, beating Michael Jackson's Thriller, The Police's Synchronicity and U2's War. Buck noted in 2002 that I.R.S. was "mind-boggled" by the album's positive reviews, especially in the British press, since R.E.M. had not yet toured that country.
Accolades
Since its release, Murmur has featured heavily in various "must have" lists compiled by the music media. In 1989, it was rated number eight on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 greatest albums of the 1980s. In 2003, the TV network VH1 named Murmur the 92nd greatest album of all time. Some of the more prominent of these lists to feature Murmur are shown below; this information is adapted from acclaimedmusic.net. The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Track listing
All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe, except where noted.Side one"Radio Free Europe" – 4:06
"Pilgrimage" – 4:30
"Laughing" – 3:57
"Talk About the Passion" – 3:23
"Moral Kiosk" – 3:31
"Perfect Circle" – 3:29Side two"Catapult" – 3:55
"Sitting Still" – 3:17
"9–9" – 3:03
"Shaking Through" – 4:30
"We Walk" – 3:02
"West of the Fields" (Berry, Buck, Mills, Stipe and Neil Bogan) – 3:171992 The IRS Vintage Years edition bonus tracks'''
"There They Go Again" (Lou Reed) – 2:48
"9–9" (Live in Boston, July 13, 1983) – 3:04
"Gardening at Night" (Live in Boston, July 13, 1983) – 3:47
"Catapult" (Live in Seattle, Washington, June 27, 1984) – 4:03
2008 Deluxe Edition bonus disc (Live at Larry's Hideaway in Toronto, July 9, 1983)
"Laughing" – 3:51
"Pilgrimage" – 4:08
"There They Go Again" (Reed) – 2:43
"Seven Chinese Brothers" – 4:15
"Talk About the Passion" – 3:02
"Sitting Still" – 4:11
"Harborcoat" – 3:45
"Catapult" – 3:51
"Gardening at Night" – 3:33
"9-9" – 3:16
"Just a Touch" – 2:27
"West of the Fields" (Berry, Buck, Mills, Stipe and Bogan) – 3:06
"Radio Free Europe" – 4:57
"We Walk" – 2:55
"1,000,000" – 3:05
"Carnival of Sorts (Box Cars)" – 3:58
A vintage radio promo for the album is hidden in the pregap of the bonus disc.
Personnel
R.E.M.
Bill Berry – drums, backing vocals, percussion, bass guitar, piano
Peter Buck – electric & acoustic guitars
Mike Mills – bass guitar, backing vocals, piano, organ, acoustic guitar, vibraphone on "Pilgrimage"
Michael Stipe – lead vocals
Production and additional musicians
Greg Calbi – mastering at Sterling Sound, New York City, New York, United States
Don Dixon – co-producer, additional acoustic guitars, bass guitar on "Perfect Circle"
Mitch Easter – co-producer, additional acoustic guitars, backwards guitar on "Perfect Circle"
Carl Grasso – art design
Ann Kinney – art design
Sandra Lee Phipps – photography and art design
Chart performance
Singles
Certifications
Release history
Murmur was bundled together with Chronic Town and Reckoning in the United Kingdom as The Originals in 1993.
On November 25, 2008, I.R.S. Records, A&M, and Universal Music released a 25th anniversary edition two-disc reissue of Murmur. Disc one features the standard 12-track album, digitally remastered, and disc two contains a previously unreleased live concert the band played at Larry's Hideaway, Toronto, Canada, on July 9, 1983. This set was recorded by Blair Packham, who'd later find fame as lead singer of The Jitters.
In addition to Murmur songs, the set includes tunes from the Chronic Town EP, a Velvet Underground cover, and early versions of songs from Reckoning and Lifes Rich Pageant. The release also includes a fold-out poster insert, featuring exclusive essays by producers Don Dixon and Mitch Easter, as well as former I.R.S. executives Jay Boberg, Sig Sigworth, and art designer Carl Grasso.
†I.R.S. Vintage Years edition, with bonus tracks
‡Remastered edition on 180-gram vinyl and gold Compact Disc
•Remastered Deluxe Edition, with Live at Larry's Hide-Away bonus disc
See also
Murmur (record label)
Paisley Underground
References
Further reading
External links
R.E.M. HQ on Murmur
(I.R.S. Vintage Years edition)
(Deluxe Edition)
(I.R.S. Vintage Years edition)
(Deluxe Edition)
A detailed explanation of the lyrics from Consequence of Sound
1983 debut albums
Albums produced by Don Dixon (musician)
Albums produced by Mitch Easter
I.R.S. Records albums
R.E.M. albums
Post-punk albums by American artists
Garage rock albums by American artists
Peter Thumb (1681–1767) was an Austrian architect whose family came from the Vorarlberg, the today westernmost part of Austria.  They are best known for their Rococo architecture, mainly in Southern Germany. Outstanding examples of their work include the pilgrimage church at Birnau on Lake Constance and the monastery library at the Abbey of Saint Gall, Saint Gallen, Switzerland.
Theirs works include:
St. Trudpert's Abbey: the nave of the abbey church, circa 1715–22, and the conventual buildings, 1738–39
Königsbrück Abbey: the abbey church, 1721 (no longer extant)
Ebersmunster Abbey: the abbey church, 1727
St. Peter's Abbey in the Black Forest: the abbey church, 1724–1727, and the library, 1737–39
Pilgrimage Church at Birnau, 1746–50
Abbey of Saint Gall: library, 1757-67
References
1681 births
1767 deaths
People from Vorarlberg
Austrian architects
Abbey of Saint Gall
Tractate Menachot (; "Meal Offerings") is the second tractate of the Order of Kodashim. It has Gemara in the Babylonian Talmud and a Tosefta.
Menachot deals with the rules regarding the preparation and presentation of grain-meal and oil and drink offerings, including the meal-offering that was burnt on the altar and the remainder that was consumed by the priests as specified in the Torah ( and on); the bringing of the omer of barley (), the two loaves (), and the showbread ().as offerings in the Temple in Jerusalem.
References
Further reading
Jewish animal sacrifice
Land of Israel laws in Judaism
Mishnah
Oral Torah
Second Temple
Tabernacle and Temples in Jerusalem
Talmud
Chaetostomella trimacula is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
China, Mongolia.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1939
Diptera of Asia
The Men in Them Life is a 1941 period drama film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Loretta Young, Conrad Veidt and Dean Jagger. It is an adaptation of the 1932 novel Ballerina by the British writer Eleanor Smith. It was nominated for the 1941 Academy Award for Best Sound Recording (John P. Livadary), but lost to That Hamilton Woman. The sets were designed by the Russian-born art director Nicolai Remisoff.
Plot
A nineteenth-century circus performer becomes a celebrated dancer, but has trouble balancing their romantic and family aspirations with their career.
Cast
Loretta Young as Lina Varsavina
Conrad Veidt as Stanislas Rosing
Dean Jagger as David Gibson
Eugenie Leontovich as Marie
Shepperd Strudwick as Roger Chevis
Otto Kruger as Victor
Paul Baratoff as Manilov
Ann E. Todd as Rose
Billy Ray as Nurdo
Ludmila Toretzka as Mme. Olenkova
Tommy Ladd as Lina's Dancing Partner
John Elliott as Andrew, Gibson's Butler
Holmes Herbert as Second Doctor
Edward Van Sloan as First Doctor
References
Bibliography
McLean, Adrienne L. Dying Swans and Madmen: Ballet, the Body, and Narrative Cinema. Rutgers University Press, 2008.
External links
1941 films
Films based on British novels
Films based on romance novels
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Gregory Ratoff
Films scored by David Raksin
Films set in the 1850s
Films set in the 1860s
Films set in the 1870s
Films with screenplays by Michael Wilson (writer)
Columbia Pictures films
Films about ballet
1940s historical romance films
American historical romance films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Claus Hant is a German writer, best known as the creator of Der Bulle von Tölz, a TV series that ran on prime time for over a decade and made German TV history with its audience figures. Hant's films have been nominated for the Adolf Grimme Awards and have been honoured with the Goldener Löwe/Deutscher Fernsehpreis, the Cadrage Succes, the Romy (TV award) and the Bavarian Film Awards.
Claus Hant has also written Young Hitler, a book about the formative years of the German dictator Adolf Hitler, published by Quartet Books, London.
Film and television
Eight Miles High (feature film, contributor)
Der Bulle von Tölz (television series, seven episodes)
Der große Kater (feature film starring Bruno Ganz, based on a novel by Thomas Hürlimann)
Der Räuber Hotzenplotz
Thriller
Affenschande, S. Fischer Verlag, Frankfurt am Main 2005
Weltspartag, S. Fischer Verlag, Frankfurt am Main 2007.
Non-Fiction
Young Hitler, Quartet Books, London 2010
Das Drehbuch. Praktische Filmdramaturgie. Zweitausendeins, Frankfurt am Main 1999
References
External links
Young Hitler website
Living people
German male writers
German television writers
Male television writers
English-language writers from Germany
German thriller writers
German screenwriters
German male screenwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wiesenbronn is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
Personalities
Seligman Baer Bamberger, the "Würzburger Rav" (1807-1878), an important representative of orthodox Judaism, was born in Wiesenbronn in Eichenstraße 1 (Oak street 1). A memorial plaque remembers this famous son of Wiesenbronn.
References
Kitzingen (district)
Tariq Saeed Mufti, born on , is a surgeon and a medical educationist who resides in Peshawar, Pakistan.
Career
They had their initial schooling from a government high school in Peshawar and their premedical schooling from Edwards College, Peshawar. After qualifying their MBBS from Khyber Medical College in Peshawar, they proceeded to UK for training in general surgery and was awarded 'fellowship' from Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in February 1979.
After returning to their native country, they continued their career at Ayub Medical College in Abbottabad, where they acceded to become a professor of surgery for seventeen years and held the chair of the department for eight years. During their service at this institution, they remained Chief Executive of the Ayub Teaching Institution for two tenures and held the position of Principal and Dean of Ayub Medical College until they retired from the institution. Then, they were assigned as the Principal of KUST Institute of Medical Sciences in Kohat. They successfully developed the institution to get its recognition by the Pakistan Medical and Dental Council (PMDC) and Ministry of Health in a short time. They then joined Rehman Medical Institute at Peshawar as the head of department of Surgery and Project Director for developing a new school of medicine by the name of Rehman Medical College. The institute has been approved by Ministry of Health, Government of Pakistan and is affiliated with Khyber Medical University. Prof. Tariq Mufti has been appointed as pioneer Principal of Rehman Medical College. Prof. Tariq Mufti also served as Dean for undergraduates at Khyber Medical University and for postgraduates at College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan (CPSP).
Prof. Tariq Mufti has also pioneered two research medical journals. They were a founding member of Journal of Ayub Medical College (JAMC) where they remained its chief editor for nearly ten years. The journal got its place on many of the world forums including getting indexed by Index Medicus and MEDLARS. It is one of the only four journals of the country to be accorded this status. They also founded KUST Medical Journal (KMJ) that got its place online as open access peer reviewed journal. The journal was awarded recognition by many of the relevant international forums right after its first issue publication. They serve as member editorial board in a few of the research medical journals of Pakistan including Pakistan Journal of Surgery and JSP.
References
Pakistani surgeons
1948 births
Living people
Almost a Honeymoon is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Clifford Mollison, Dodo Watts and Donald Calthrop. It was based on the play Almost a Honeymoon by Walter Ellis. A second adaptation was made in 1938. It was made by British International Pictures at their Elstree Studios.
Premise
An ambitious young man secures a job in the colonial service, the only stipulation being that they need to be married which they aren't. They have just twenty four hours to find a woman to persuade marrying him.
Cast
Clifford Mollison as Basil Dibley
Dodo Watts as Rosalie Quilter
Lamont Dickson as Cuthbert de Gray
Donald Calthrop as Charles, the butler
C. M. Hallard as Sir James Jephson
Winifred Hall as Lavinia Pepper
Pamela Carme as Margaret Brett
Edward Thane as Clutterbuck
Critical reception
Allmovie noted that "Donald Calthrop, as the butler, has all the best lines."
See also
The Man at Midnight (1931)
References
External links
1930 films
1930 comedy films
Films shot at British International Pictures Studios
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Monty Banks
British comedy films
British multilingual films
British black-and-white films
1930 multilingual films
1930s British films
The 2012 New Haven Open at Yale (New Haven Open at Yale presented by First Niagara for sponsorship reasons) was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 44th edition of the New Haven Open at Yale, and was part of the Premier Series of the 2012 WTA Tour. It took place at the Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven, Connecticut, United States, from August 17 through August 25, 2012. It was the last event on the 2012 US Open Series before the 2012 US Open.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Seedings are based on the rankings of August 13, 2012
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Petra Kvitová
Bethanie Mattek-Sands
Laura Robson
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Tímea Babos
Nicole Gibbs
Alexa Glatch
Olga Govortsova
The following players entry as lucky loser:
Vera Dushevina
Melanie Oudin
Withdrawals
The following players withdrew from the singles main draw:
Kaia Kanepi (achilles tendon injury)
Christina McHale (gastrointestinal illness)
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova
Flavia Pennetta (wrist injury)
Francesca Schiavone (gastrointestinal illness)
Retirements
Mona Barthel (gastrointestinal illness)
Varvara Lepchenko (wrist injury)
Agnieszka Radwańska (right shoulder injury)
Caroline Wozniacki (right knee injury)
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of August 13, 2012
Other entrants
The following pair received wildcard into the doubles main draw:
Tímea Babos / Sloane Stephens
The following pair received entry as alternates:
Sílvia Soler Espinosa / Carla Suárez Navarro
Withdrawals
Paola Suárez (low back injury)
Finals
Singles
Petra Kvitová defeated Maria Kirilenko, 7–6(11–9), 7–5
Doubles
Liezel Huber / Lisa Raymond defeated Andrea Hlaváčková / Lucie Hradecká, 4–6, 6–0, [10–4]
References
External links
Official website
2012 WTA Tour
The OT M-60 is a Yugoslav armoured personnel carrier produced from 1962 to 1979.
Development
The OT (Oklopni transporter - armoured personnel carrier) M-60 was the first Yugoslav serial produced armored vehicle. Research and development of the M-60 began in 1956, and the first prototype has been produced in June 1958. Until the final serial production, the new armoured personnel carrier was known under the designation Objekat M-590. Serial production started in 1962, and M-60 has been publicly presented on Victory day parade, same year. The quality of the vehicles did not satisfy the requirements given by Yugoslav People's Army, so the FAMOS has started the development of upgraded model, OT M-60P (P – poboljšani – "improved") which has been introduced in production in 1970. During the serial production, from 1962 until 1979 around 790 vehicles were produced, which from 190 have been exported. In 1973 anti-tank variant with two 82 mm M60 recoilless gun has been developed.
Most of armored personnel carriers consisted armored and mechanized brigades of Yugoslav People's Army, while a number has been used by Federal Police, being painted in a characteristic blue color. During the Iran–Iraq War, M-60 was criticised for its low power and its weak armor. With the start of Yugoslav wars the M-60 APC's have suffered serious losses while firepower was insufficient. Later during the war, M-60 was used as armoured personnel carrier (APC) for transport of ammunition to the front line and evacuation of infantry and wounded. M-60 has been used by almost all armies created in former Yugoslavia. FR Yugoslavia has withdrawn last 121 M-60P APC's from service in 2004 due to the arms limitation agreement.
The M-60 armoured personnel carrier had never managed to meet all the required specifications. Despite all disadvantages, it has played a role during its 40 years use. According to its characteristics was generally similar to the other APCs of the period. Most importantly it was inciting mass mechanization of Yugoslav People's Army. Its deficiencies were later compensated with newly introduced BVP M-80 infantry fighting vehicle.
Characteristics
The basic layout is driver front left, their hatch has a day sight, which can be replaced with an infrared for night driving. To their right is co-the Bow MG operator. The commander sits behind the driver, behind bow MG operator sits operator of 12.7 mm MG on their cupola, which can be used in the anti-aircraft role.
The vehicle is powered by a 6-cylinder diesel, which generates 140 hp, giving a top road speed of 45 km/h. The vehicle is an all welded steel construction, which gives protection against small arms. It has no NBC protection system.
The rear compartment is for 10 troops who sit on benches back to back so they can fire their personal weapons through side ports (3 either side) and they depart the vehicle via two doors set in the rear.
Variants
M-60 – First production model, also known as M-590
M-60P – Improved model
M-60PB – Anti-tank variant with twin 82 mm recoilless rifles mounted on the top left or top right of hull at rear.
M-60PK – Battalion commander's vehicle
M-60San – Medical evacuation variant with lengthened hull
Operators
Former operators
Iraq – 190 M-60P armoured personnel carriers ordered and delivered before 1990. Withdrawn from service.
Yugoslavia – about 600 vehicles in various variants delivered from 1962 to 1979. Passed on to successor states.
Republika Srpska
Republika Srpska Krajina
Serbia and Montenegro – last 121 operational vehicles withdrawn and scrapped in 2004.
Croatian Army Some 60 vehicles captured in battle of the barracks used mainly as armoured ambulance - withdrawn from use in 1996.Some 6 samples in local war museums.
References
Jane's Tanks and Combat Vehicles Recognition Guide, Christopher F. Foss, Harper Collins Publishers, 2000.
Srpski Oklop (Serbian)
Tracked armoured personnel carriers
Armoured personnel carriers of Yugoslavia
Military Technical Institute Belgrade
Armoured personnel carriers of the Cold War
Military vehicles introduced in the 1960s
Cycloloba is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Cycloloba septemguttata (Fabricius, 1794)
Cycloloba truncatipennis (Boheman, 1848)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Juan of the Dead () is a 2010 Spanish-Cuban zombie comedy film written and directed by Alejandro Brugués. in 2010. A Spanish-Cuban co-production between La Zanfoña Producciones (Spain) and Producciones de la 5ta Avenida (Cuba) involving the participation of the ICAIC, Canal Sur and Televisión Española, the film won the Goya Award for Best Spanish Language Foreign Film in 2012.
Plot
Juan (Alexis Díaz de Villegas) is forty years old and has devoted the majority of their life to living in Cuba doing absolutely nothing.  They are accompanied by their bumbling sidekick, Lazaro (Jorge Molina), who is just as lazy but the bigger fool (and accident-prone), on a makeshift fishing raft. Their line snags what they think is a corpse but it suddenly awakens and attacks them, ending with Lazaro shooting it in the head with their spear gun. They think nothing of it at first and go about their business as usual, which involves thuggish activity and associating with their less than reputable friends: Lazaro's vain, Americanized pretty-boy son Vladi California; drag queen La China, who is also an expert slingshot marksman; and China's hulk-like lover Primo (who faints at the sight of blood and has to wear a blindfold when fighting).
The only emotional bond Juan has is with their daughter Camila (Andrea Duro), a young and beautiful girl who wants nothing to do with their father because the only thing they do is get in trouble. Suddenly a strange series of events begin to occur: people everywhere suddenly become violent and attack each other at random. After an encounter with an elderly neighbor's reanimated body, Juan comes to the conclusion that it is not vampires nor possession by demons, but capitalist dissidents. Lazaro attempts to flee with a woman they and the others have rescued, but Juan follows them to the raft they are trying to escape on. The woman falls into the water and is lost to them, leaving Lazaro with little reason to refuse Juan's plea for them to stay, and that Juan needs their sidekick.
To Camila's dismay, Juan's idea to take advantage of the situation is revealed: They start a business, which they rationalize will also be a great help for other survivors, with the slogan: "Juan of the Dead: we kill your beloved ones. How can we help you?" For a price, the five men in the group enter homes and slay the zombified residents. Although extremely proficient in dispatching their quarry in open streets, they suffer from bad luck and high civilian and resident casualties on indoor missions. That, coupled with allowing their corruption to come out (by looting and even attacking humans that Lazaro claims owe them money) puts strain both on their relationship with their daughter, and the success of their business.
The group is later rounded up by a shady military group, forcing them to strip naked and get into a truck. It seems they are recruiting able-bodied males to fight the zombie threat but some of the others who were rounded up before were infected, and they reanimate, causing a riot in the back of the truck and flipping it over, enabling Juan's group to flee, and further blunders on the military's part remove any hope they have of any kind of rescue or victory over the undead. China, who was bitten during the truck incident, dies and reanimates while handcuffed to Juan, and Vladi and Camila struggle to figure out a way to extricate Juan from their predicament. Juan finally throws China off the roof of their safe haven and Camila throws them some oil to lubricate zombie China's hand, letting them slip out of the cuffs and fall.
The zombies have become too numerous to continue the group's business operations, forcing them to stay on rooftops for safety, sending Vladi out on one-man food retrieval missions which endears them to Camila. At this point the group is whittled down to Juan, Lazaro, Primo, Vladi, and Camila, the latter two having become romantically involved despite Juan's disapproval. Losing hope, they decide to try heading for the mountains which may be unpopulated and safer. An escape attempt via motor vehicle is thwarted by mechanical failure (and the fact that none of them knows how to drive), forcing them to flee on foot while pursued by hundreds of undead. Attempting to seek shelter in a bunker, yet another of Juan's ideas proves disastrous, as Primo, while prying open the door, reveals it is overrun and they are pulled in.
The remaining group makes their way to a basketball court where a miraculous feat of vehicular zombie-slaying by a middle-aged white man with a harpoon gun mounted on their truck saves them after they become surrounded. They try to tell the group what they know about the situation in English, but the language barrier between them prevents them from divulging their plan to end the disaster, which they believe has religious implications.  They are then accidentally killed by another of Lazaro's spear gun incidents, forcing the desperate group to come up with yet another plan for escape, and berating Lazaro for their continual screw-ups.
Sheltering in a deserted parking garage the man had led them to, Lazaro amazingly comes up with a plan to make up for their repeated failures. According to their idea, they construct a flotation mechanism out of empty oil drums and attach them to a convertible, with the intention of attempting to drive through a group of zombies on the street and out onto the beach, where they can reach the water. They plan to float to Florida (where Camila's mother is known to be staying), hoping America might be safer. Lazaro confides to Juan that they had been bitten during their earlier escape, and they share an emotional goodbye while they wait for them to change, until it's revealed it was only a harmless scratch.
Juan and Lazaro fight the zombies standing in their way to clear a path to the water for the car to drive over. Juan hears a child's crying and goes to investigate. They rescue a little boy from their zombified father and brings them to the car. Lazaro and Juan create a ramp of bodies for the car to jump over the wall separating the street from the sand, and the car makes it into the water. Preparing to float to freedom, the group is shocked when Juan gets out of the floating car and heads back to shore, explaining to their comrades that they belong in their homeland and convincing them that he's going to do what he's always done best: Survive.
The end credits are an animated cartoon showing Juan going through the horde of zombies. It is later shown that Camila, Lazaro and Vladi came back to join Juan in fighting the dead.
Cast
Alexis Díaz de Villegas as Juan
Jorge Molina as Lazaro
Andrea Duro as Camila
Andros Perugorría as Vladi California
Jazz Vilá as La China
Eliecer Ramírez as El Primo
Antonio Dechent as Father Jones
Blanca Rosa Blanco as Sara
Elsa Camp as Yiya
Susana Pous as Lucía
Eslinda Núñez as Leader of CDR Meeting
Juan Miguel Mas as President of the CDR
Manuel Herrera as TV Announcer
Luis Alberto García as Padre
Release
The film was first shown at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. Focus Features released the film on 14 August via iVOD and VOD, along with DVD and Blu-ray Disc.
Reception
Total Film gave the film three stars out of five, noting the film's "jaunty tone bristling uneasily with often unlikeable heroes" but praised its political context, stating that the film "resurrects the genre's political subtexts with jibes at a country where zombies are dismissed as 'dissidents' and public transport continues to run, no matter what."
As of October 2020, the film has 82% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 22 reviews. The site's critics consensus reads, "Filled with wild splatter slapstick, Juan of the Dead also deftly uses its zombie premise as an undead Trojan horse for insightful political commentary."
References
External links
2011 films
2011 horror films
2011 comedy films
2010s comedy horror films
Cuban speculative fiction films
Films critical of communism
Spanish horror films
2010s Spanish-language films
Parodies of horror
Political satire films
Zombie comedy films
2010s Spanish films
William Lemuel Hall (July 30, 1928 – January 1, 1986) was an American professional baseball player, a catcher who played parts of three seasons (; ; ) in Major League Baseball with the Pittsburgh Pirates. The native of Moultrie, Georgia, batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Hall played their entire, 13-year professional career in the Pittsburgh system, signing with the Pirates before the 1947 season. They played six seasons at the highest levels of minor league baseball with the Open-Classification Hollywood Stars and the Triple-A Salt Lake Bees and Columbus Jets. They appeared in 57 MLB games for the Pirates, 51 of them during the 1958 season, when they batted .284 in 116 at bats. Among their 33 hits were six doubles and one home run.
In between, Hall played winter ball with the Navegantes del Magallanes club of the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League during the 1955-56 season.
Hall retired after the 1960 season, and died in Moultrie at the age of 57 on New Year's Day 1986.
References
1928 births
1986 deaths
Bartlesville Oilers players
Baseball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Charleston Rebels players
Columbus Jets players
Hollywood Stars players
Hutchinson Elks players
Keokuk Pirates players
Leesburg Pirates players
Major League Baseball catchers
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
New Orleans Pelicans (baseball) players
People from Moultrie, Georgia
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Salt Lake City Bees players
Williamsport Grays players
Raymonda Variations, formerly titled Valses et Variations, is a ballet choreographed by George Balanchine to excepts from Alexander Glazunov's score for the 1898 ballet Raymonda. Instead of following the plot of the 1898 ballet, the Balanchine ballet is plotless. It premiered on December 7, 1961, at the City Center of Music and Drama. Raymonda Variations was made for the New York City Ballet, with the two lead roles originated by Patricia Wilde and Jacques d'Amboise.
Choreography
Raymonda Variations is danced by two principal dancers, a man and a woman, and ensemble of twelve women. The ballet does not follow the plot of the 1898 Raymonda. Balanchine explained, "The music itself, its grand and generous manner, its joy and playfulness, was for me more than enough to carry the plot of the dances." They described the ballet,When the curtain goes up, twelve girls stand posing in an elegant garden. They dance for us and then the principals, another girl then a boy, join them. Next, the girl and the boy are alone for an adagio. This is followed by a series of nine variations, or solos, by five of the girls and the two principals. The ballet concludes with a coda and a finale by all the dancers.
Background and production
The 1898 ballet Raymonda featured choreography by Marius Petipa and a score by Alexander Glazunov. In the ballet, the titular character is engaged to Jean de Brienne, a French knight. However, while Jean leaves to fight at the Crusades, Raymonda is abducted by emir Abderakhman, but was saved by Jean, who Raymonda soon marries.
In their book Balanchine's Complete Stories of the Great Ballets, the choreographer wrote that they had enjoyed the score since they were a student, and whilst studying at the Imperial Ballet School, they performed the ballet at the Mariinsky Theatre, wearing the original costumes. In 1946, they and Alexandra Danilova staged a production of Raymonda for Ballet Russe de Monte-Carlo. In 1955, they used excerpts from the music of Raymonda for their ballet Pas de Dix.
In fall 1961, Balanchine decided to make another ballet to musical excerpts from Raymonda, with Patricia Wilde and Jacques d'Amboise. This would become the last time Balanchine choreographs a ballet on Wilde, who by then was one of the most senior dancers at the New York City Ballet. Wilde had also danced in the 1946 Raymonda. Balanchine began choreographing the ballet after the company's domestic tour that year, when Balanchine called Wilde to the studio, and choreograph a solo on them to music intended for a variation danced by Raymonda's companon Henriette. As Wilde did not know it was for a new ballet, they soon forgot about it. Weeks later, once rehearsals for the ballet officially started, Balanchine rechoreographed the solo. Balanchine also chose five young women in the company to dance other solos.
The costumes were designed by Karinska, and the original lighting was by David Hays. The backdrop Horace Armistead designed for Tudor's Jardin aux lilas was reused. The ballet originally used the working title Raymonda, before premiering under the title Valse et Variations. It was renamed Raymonda Variations in 1963.
Original cast
The principal dancers in the original cast were:
Patricia Wilde
Jacques d'Amboise
Victoria Simon
Suki Schorer
Gloria Govrin
Carol Summer
Patricia Neary
Performances
The ballet premiered on December 7, 1961, at the City Center of Music and Drama. At the premiere, d'Amboise's variations were omitted as they were injured. They were added back to the ballet a month later.
Other ballet companies that had performed Raymonda Variations include Houston Ballet, Miami City Ballet, Kansas City Ballet, and Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre.
Critical reception
Following the premiere, New York Times critic John Martin called the ballet a "an adorable confection, concocted of marzipan, diamonds, youth and nostalgia."
References
External links
Raymonda Variations on the New York City Ballet website
Raymonda Variations on the George Balanchine Trust website
1961 ballet premieres
Ballets by George Balanchine
New York City Ballet repertory
Aidan Zammit is a musician from Sliema, Malta. They have lived in Italy since 1985.
Biography
They have worked as a composer, musician and singer with several artists, including Mike Francis, Niccolò Fabi, Andrea Bocelli, Nicola Piovani, Vincenzo Cerami, Claudio Baglioni, Bungaro, Lorenzo Feliciati, Simone Cristicchi, Antonello Venditti, Marco Mengoni, Angelo Branduardi, Il Volo and Vocintransito. They performed in Khartoum with Fabi, in the first pop concert ever to be held by a western artist in Sudan.
At the Festival di Sanremo in 2004 they arranged and conducted the song “Guardastelle”, awarded for the Best Music that year.
In 2009 Zammit joined Goblin (band), a group renowned for its movie soundtracks.
With Mike Francis (musician) and Mario "Mari-One" Puccioni, Zammit has been a member of “Mystic Diversions”, with 6 albums and compositions featured in over 130 compilations published worldwide.
They have performed and written for movie, television and theatre soundtracks, including films by Roberto Benigni and Warner Bros. cartoons.
In 2009 the album "Fly Away - The music of David Foster" was released and features Zammit as keyboardist and backing vocalist on three tracks. The songs feature international artists such as Jay Graydon, John "JR" Robinson, Neil Stubenhaus, Robbie Dupree and Arnold McCuller.
In 2010 they toured as keyboard player with X-Factor winner Marco Mengoni.
In 2012 and 2013 they toured the US and Latin America as pianist and musical director with Il Volo.
In 2013 they toured the US with Goblin (band)
Since 2014 they have toured with Claudio Baglioni and Gianni Morandi on keyboards, guitar and flute.
In 2017 they have toured with Goblin (band) again in Europe and North America.
In 2019 their first solo album "Exposed" was released.
Discography
Solo projects
2019 - Exposed
Mystic Diversions
2001 - Crossing the liquid mirror
2003 - Beneath another sky
2004 - Colours
2006 - From the distance
2007 - Wave a little light
2010 - Angel Soul
2015 - Renaissance
Goblin Rebirth
2015 - Goblin Rebirth - Relapse Records
2016 - Alive - Black Widow Records
Claudio Baglioni and Gianni Morandi
2015 - Capitani Coraggiosi
Bungaro
2003 - Io no (film) soundtrack
2004 - L'attesa
2010 - Arte
Niccolò Fabi
2003 - La Cura del Tempo Tour Live dvd
2006 - Novo Mesto (album)
2006 - Evaporare - Live al Music Village
2006 - Dischi volanti 1996-2006
2007 - Dentro
2008 - Live In Sudan
Mike Francis
2007 - Inspired
Andrea Bocelli
2001 - The Homecoming
Lorenzo Feliciati
2004 - Upon my head
2006 - Live at European Bass Day
Pope John Paul II
2004 - Never terrorism, never war
Patrizia Laquidara
2004 - Indirizzo portoghese
Manuela Zanier
2008 - Esercizi di stile
Sei Suoi Ex
1992 - Fino a dove inizia il mare
1992 - Paola non è un uomo
1993 - Cuccu bare
Roberto Kunstler
2005 - Kunstler
Funky Company
1997 - Everytime
Film Scores
Aidan Zammit
2006 - La voce di Pasolini
Music written with Bungaro
2002 - Bbobbolone
2005 - Compito in Classe
2006 - Con la Mano di Dio
2008 - La Canarina Assassinata
Performing with Nicola Piovani
2002 - Das Sams
2002 - Pinocchio
2002 - Nowhere
2002 - Resurrezione
2002 - Il nostro matrimonio è in crisi
2003 - Gli Indesiderabili
2004 - Luisa Sanfelice
2004 - Maigret
2004 - L'équipier
2005 - The Tiger and the Snow
2005 - Matilde
2006 - Fauteuils d'orchestre
2006 - Räuber Hotzenplotz
2006 - Fascisti su marte
Performing with Pasquale Filastò
1996 - La bruttina stagionata
1997 - Figurine
2000 - Roberto Rossellini: Frammenti e battute
2006 - L'impresario delle Smirne
2007 - Hermano
Theatre Soundtracks
Aidan Zammit and Vincenzo Cerami
2005 - Vincenzo Cerami legge L'Ecclesiaste
2007 - Le mille e una notte
2008 - Viaggio nel Silenzio
Television Soundtracks
Aidan Zammit and Monica Ward
2002 - Baby Looney Tunes
2002 - Baby Looney Tunes - una straordinaria avventura
2003 - Le avventure di Pollicino e Pollicina
2003 - Grandma Got Run Over By A Reindeer
2004 - Gnomo Superstar - Le superchicche
2005 - Baby Looney Tunes
Others
2005 - Kong - Re di Atlantis
References
External links
Official Website
Facebook Official Page
1965 births
Living people
Maltese composers
Italian people of Maltese descent
Italian electronic musicians
Italian keyboardists
Maltese pianists
Italian film score composers
Italian male film score composers
Italian record producers
Italian music arrangers
Maltese songwriters
People from Sliema
Robert Lieberman (born July 16, 1947) is an American motion picture and television director.
Personal life
Lieberman was married from June 27, 1990 to June 7, 2001 to actor Marilu Henner; the divorced couple has two children, Nicholas Morgan and Joseph Marlon. They also have two children, Erin and Lorne Lieberman, from their first marriage. Lieberman married former model Victoria Peters in 2010.
Career
Lieberman was the founder of the commercial production company Harmony Pictures and has, himself, directed close to two thousand commercials. They have received many Clio nominations and has won 29. Lieberman in 1980 was the first winner of the DGA Award for Best Commercial Director. They were nominated another three times for the DGA Award and in 1996 won their second award. They also directed one film with Akshay Kumar called Speedy Singhs starring Camilla Belle and Vinay Virmani.
Filmography
Director
Fighting Back (1980)
Will: G. Gordon Liddy (1982)
Table for Five (1983)
To Save a Child (1991)
All I Want for Christmas (1991)
Fire in the Sky (1993)
D3: The Mighty Ducks (1996)
Titanic (1996)
NetForce (1999)
Red Skies (2002)
Second String (2002)
The Dead Zone (2002)
Final Days of Planet Earth (2006)
The Stranger (2010)
The Tortured (2010)
Breakaway (2011)
Television:
ABC Afterschool Specials (1978)
thirtysomething (1987)
Dream Street (1989)
The Young Riders (1989)
Gabriel's Fire (1990)
The X-Files (1993)
Harts of the West (1993)
Under Suspicion (1994)
Medicine Ball (1995)
Maloney (1996)
Once and Again (1999)
The X-Files (1999)
Strong Medicine (2000)
The Dead Zone (2002)
Jake 2.0 (2003)
Earthsea (2004)
Killer Instinct (2005)
A.M.P.E.D. (2007)
Dexter (2006)
Shark (2006)
Brothers & Sisters (2007)
Eureka (2007)
Republic of Doyle (2009)
Lost Girl (2010–2011)
Haven (2010–2014)
Nikita (2011)
Eve of Destruction (2013)
The Expanse (TV series) (2016)
Private Eyes (TV series) (2016)
Rogue (2016–2017)
Producer
To Save a Child (1991)
Abandoned and Deceived (1995)
Rag and Bone (1997)
A.M.P.E.D. (2007)
Television:
Dream Street (1989)
Gabriel's Fire (1990)
Harts of the West (1993)
Marilu (1994)
Under Suspicion (1994)
Medicine Ball (1995)
Moloney (1996)
Strong Medicine (2000)
The Dead Zone (2002)
Jake 2.0 (2003)
The Casino (2004)
Writer
The Casino (2004)
Killer Instinct (2005)
Notes
External links
1947 births
Living people
American film directors
Artists from Buffalo, New York
American television directors
20th-century American Jews
University at Buffalo alumni
Advertising directors
21st-century American Jews
The Morris Ring is one of three umbrella groups for Morris dance sides. It was founded in 1934 by 6 sides: Greensleeves, Cambridge, East Surrey, Letchworth, Oxford and Thaxted. Members may meet several times a year, each Ring Meeting being hosted by a different member side (or several working together). The Morris Ring has grown to about 150 sides today, with another 35 associate and joint member sides, including teams from Australia, Canada, Denmark, the Netherlands and the U.S.A.
Originally an association of men's Morris teams, at the 2018 Annual Representatives Meeting there was overwhelming support for a proposal to enable any morris team, whatever its gender make up, to become a member of The Morris Ring if they support the founding principles of the organisation:
"The object of the Morris Ring shall be to encourage the performance of the Morris, to maintain its traditions and to preserve its history; to bring into contact all the Morris Clubs or Teams. The purpose of the Morris Ring is not to replace or supersede the existing organisations, but to sub-serve them. The Clubs shall in all respects retain their independence"
Now any established Club or Team which meets regularly to enjoy Morris or Sword Dancing or Mumming, and endeavours to uphold the standards and dignity of the Morris, shall be eligible for Membership of the Morris Ring.
History
It had been the custom of the Cambridge Morris Men since their foundation to invite to their annual Morris and Feast some leading Morris dancer from elsewhere, and such guests, after, having attended the Morris and Feast, were made Honorary Members of the club. It soon became clear, however, that it was impossible for the club to honour in this way all whom it would wish, and at a meeting held on 2 November 1933 it was suggested that such dancers might be made Honorary Members without the usual procedure of invitation to the annual Feast. This, however, was felt to be unsatisfactory, and an alternative proposal was agreed to, namely, that the other groups and clubs to which these dancers belonged should be invited to join with the Cambridge Morris Men in establishing an informal federation of Morris Clubs, to be known as the Morris Ring.
Five other Clubs were consulted, further discussion took place during the Cambridge Morris Men's week of dancing at Ringstead Mill in April 1934, and at the tenth annual Feast on 14 April the Squire, Joseph Needham, to whose initiative the plans for the Ring's foundation were largely due, declared the Ring instituted, the six Foundation Clubs being Cambridge, Oxford, Letchworth, Thaxted, East Surrey and Greensleeves. On 2 June 1934, at the Thaxted week-end, representatives of five of the six Clubs approved a draft constitution, and Alec Hunter outlined the proposal to all the men present. This was followed by a meeting of Club representatives, and the Ring was declared constituted. The Inaugural Meeting of the Ring took place in Cecil Sharp House on 20 October 1934, Douglas Kennedy presiding, and was attended by between sixty and seventy men. Alec Hunter was elected first Squire of the Ring, and Walter Abson first Bagman, these titles being those already in use in the Cambridge Club.
One of their most valuable activities in the early days of the Morris Ring was to host instructional weekends where sides would teach other sides the dances and styles of the various Morris traditions. These instructionals are still an important part of the Morris Ring's annual calendar. The intention is to pass on knowledge of the dances and styles, rather than to teach any particular interpretation as inherently correct or preferable to another.
Previously many dancers had relied on reading Cecil Sharp's 5-volume "The Morris Book". This was published in instalments from 1907 to 1913 and contained about 70 set dances from about 12 villages and towns. Eventually the fruit of these workshops was a new volume, "The Handbook of Morris Dancing", sometimes called "The Black Book". It was written by Lionel Bacon in 1974 as an "aide memoir", but quickly became regarded as authoritative. It contains almost 400 morris dances from over 20 locations. There was a second edition in 1986. Lionel Bacon was squired of the Morris Ring from 1962 – 1964 and Lionel was a founder member of Winchester Morris Men in 1953 until their death in 1994.
At one time, the Morris Ring would sell Bacon's book only to members of the Morris Ring. Sides could join the Ring only if they were approved by existing members who set certain standards of dancing. In practice this meant that male-only teams could get hold of it. In the 1970s and 1980s this drew criticisms from the newly formed Morris Federation and Open Morris organisations.
Although a few individuals may retain strong feelings about the merits or demerits of all male, women's and mixed Morris, the three organisations now work in partnership towards shared goals through the Joint Morris Organisation (JMO), including a joint annual Day of Dance.
On 12 March 2018 Squire Eddie Worrall reported from the Annual Representatives' Meeting (ARM) of a vote to scrap the male-only rule in the constitution which was carried by 87%.
Current activity
The dances performed by members of The Morris Ring are not confined to the recognised traditional dances. Occasionally teams will supplement their repertoires by inventing a dance. The steps might be modelled on an existing dance, but danced in the style of their own locality. Sometimes they are given whimsical names. The Morris Ring continues to support this process through regular dance workshops and the services of a New Dance Collator.
Ring Meetings hosted by member sides are still an important and popular part of the Ring's activities although, because of the escalating costs involved these may now be one-day events or days of dance.
Ring regular publications include "The Bagman's Newsletter", "The Morris Ring Circular" and "The Morris Dancer".
The Morris Ring website aims to be a first port of call for anyone with an interest in Morris, not just for the membership and contains a wealth of information about morris in general, including dance tunes and notations, traditional event listings, advice for sides, member sides details and locations and much about its history.
Archives
The Morris Ring Archives are the largest collection of morris / sword related material in the world, eclipsing but not totally duplicating the morris documents held at Cecil Sharp House. A small part is available online, but more web access is expected within a few years. A journal "The Morris Dancer" has been published irregularly since 1978. Another major event in the dancing calendar is the "Dancing England Rapper Tournament" (DERT). Several Ring sides attend this event.
References
External links
Welcome to the Morris Ring | The Morris Ring
Winchester Morris Men
Dance in England
Clubs and societies in England
Morris dance
The 1979 South Pacific Classic was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tournament held on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia that was part of the 1979 Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was the sixth edition of the tournament and was held from 8 October until 14 October 1979. Unseeded Phil Dent won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Phil Dent defeated Ross Case 7–6, 6–2, 6–3
It was Dent's 1st singles title of the year and the 2nd of their career.
Doubles
Geoff Masters / Ross Case defeated John James / Chris Kachel 7–6, 6–2
References
External links
ITF tournament details
South Pacific Championships
South Pacific Championships, 1979
South Pacific Championships
South Pacific Championships
Sports competitions in Brisbane
Tennis in Queensland
is a Japanese anime series produced by AIC. The series is the 6th installment of the Tenchi Muyo! franchise and is sponsored by the city of Takahashi, Okayama in order to promote tourism for the city, and several new characters are based upon the legend of Momotarō and their companions. It was also created to commemorate the franchise's 20th anniversary and a revival project. The anime series aired on Tokyo MX beginning in October 2014, and consisted of 60 four-minute episodes. The series was directed by Hiroshi Negishi, who previously directed Tenchi Universe and its two sequel films (Tenchi Muyo in Love and Tenchi Forever!), with Suzuhito Yasuda providing the new, updated character designs. Many of the voice actors from the original franchise returned, with the exception of Ayeka, who is now played by Haruhi Nanao. Negishi has stated that the plot is adapted from an unproduced sequel to Tenchi Forever!, though the absence of the character Kiyone Makibi makes continuity with Tenchi Universe dubious.
Plot
In this story, the world is in chaos, thanks to Washu. Now in order to save it, Tenchi Masaki must go undercover as a student teacher at an all-girls school. Unfortunately for him, trouble always comes their way as they have a hard time dealing with the hijinks of their new students.
Characters
Masaki Household
Now 22 years old, Tenchi is assigned as a student teacher in an all-girls school for a secret mission.
A former space pirate, they reformed upon meeting Tenchi and the others and moved to their house.
A princess of the Jurai Royal Family, usually competes with Ryoko for Tenchi's attention.
Now a teenager, Sasami is also a princess of Jurai and Ayeka's younger sister.
A detective of the Galaxy Police, Mihoshi is prone to clumsiness and can act ditsy, despite being highly intelligent.
A former director of the Galaxy Academy and ranked as the top scientist in the universe.  They are the one who asks Tenchi to infiltrate the school.
Student Council
The main female protagonist and the school's student council president.  They are straight-forward and honest and has a strong sense of justice. Unbeknownst to them (currently), they are a temporally-displaced princess of the Jurai Royal Family.
The student council's enforcer. She's chivalrous, spirited, and fundamentally brave. She's overprotective of Momo and to them anyone who gets close to Momo is an enemy.  They are brave and strong while fighting with their wooden sword, but cries in despair upon losing it.
The student council's accountant. Contrary to their outward flirtatiousness, she's an aikido master and Yuri enthusiast. They have a broad outlook and is good at reading the atmosphere.
The student council's clerk. She's brilliant and keeps them calm no matter what the situation is, except for their infatuation with Sasami. Them grades are number one in the school.
Science Club
The club president of the science club. She's quick-tempered and unyielding. They search for treasure around the school for an unknown party, leading them to butt heads with the student council over securing resources with which to do it.
A shy and weak member of the science club. She's tall, well endowed, and a big eater. They and Yuki are childhood friends and are therefore, unfortunately for Rui, often together.
The bodyguard of the school science club. She's taciturn, brave, and confident. They have superhuman strength like an ogre.  They are suspicious of Tenchi and think they are hiding a secret.
Other Characters
Tenchi's mentor as a teacher, who offers them guidance. It is revealed later that they work for the Galaxy Police.
Media
Anime
Manga
A manga adaptation, written and illustrated by Haruna Nakazato, debuted in Kodansha's Monthly Shōnen Sirius on November 26, 2014, and ran until October 26, 2015.
References
External links
Official anime website
2014 Japanese television series endings
Anime International Company
Comedy anime and manga
Funimation
Harem anime and manga
Kodansha manga
Tenchi Muyo!
Tokyo MX original programming
Shōnen manga
Television series about princesses
Kim Tae-yong (born December 9, 1969) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter. After their feature directorial debut Memento Mori (1999), they helmed the critically acclaimed Family Ties (2006), and the English-language remake Late Autumn (2010).
Career
Although they initially wanted to pursue writing, Kim Tae-yong eventually graduated from Yonsei University in 1994 with a major in Politics and Diplomacy. They first became involved in Korean cinema through a friend, who was an assistant director of an independent production. Inspired by the vibrant atmosphere that came with working on a set, Kim then enrolled at the Korean Academy of Film Arts (KAFA) in 1996. They met and became friends with fellow director Min Kyu-dong while at KAFA, where they and their classmates would work on short films as a part of the crew and doing lighting. In 1999, Kim and Min received the offer to direct Memento Mori as a sequel to the horror film Whispering Corridors (1998), and so began Kim's foray into commercial cinema.
In some ways, Memento Mori might be considered the most influential Korean horror film of the 2000s. Although it was not a box-office hit, the film is frequently cited by young filmmakers and cinema fans as a modern-day classic. At the time of its release and in the intervening years, most critics tended to focus their attention on the other of Memento Mori'''s co-directors, Min Kyu-dong, however the release of Family Ties in spring 2006 established Kim as a highly regarded filmmaker in their own right. Their intimate portrayal of a totally unconventional but non-dysfunctional family garnered multiple domestic and international awards.
Kim's third feature film Late Autumn was a remake of Lee Man-hee's 1966 classic Manchu set in Seattle. It was also critically acclaimed and became the highest-grossing Korean film in China.
Kim then joined the restoration project and re-directed Crossroads of Youth (1934) by "performing" Korea's oldest known silent film with live narration (by the byeonsa) and musical accompaniment.
Apart from their feature films, Kim has been active in a variety of creative endeavors, from hosting a cinema-themed TV show on EBS to directing plays, shooting documentaries and making cameo appearances (both times as a film director) in the films All for Love (2005) by Min Kyu-dong and Family Matters (2006) by Nam Seon-ho.
Personal life
Kim married Chinese actor Tang Wei on July 12, 2014, in the front yard of the home of film legend Ingmar Bergman on the remote Swedish island of Fårö. A formal wedding ceremony was later held in Hong Kong, with only immediate family members as guests. The couple first met in 2009 when they directed them in the film Late Autumn, and began dating in October 2013 after Tang shot a commercial in Korea.
Filmography
Director
Wonderland (2021)
Picnic (short film from Mad Sad Bad, 2014)
Have a Cup of Tea, or See a Film! (Green Film Festival in Seoul short film, 2013)
You Are More Than Beautiful (Youku short film, 2012)
Late Autumn (2010)
Take Action, Now or Never! (Green Film Festival in Seoul short film, 2009)
Cinema Paradise (short film, 2008)
Girl on the Run (short film from If You Were Me 4, 2007)
Family Ties (2006)
On the Road, Two (rockumentary on Yoon Do Hyun Band's European tour, 2006)
Pass Me (short film from Twentidentity, 2004)
Memento Mori (1999)
Pale Blue Dot (short film, 1998)
Free to Fly (short film, 1997)
Screenplay
Wonderland (2021)
You Are More Than Beautiful (Youku short film, 2012)
Late Autumn (2010)
Take Action, Now or Never! (Green Film Festival in Seoul short film, 2009)
Cinema Paradise (short film, 2008)
Family Ties (2006)
Memento Mori (1999)
Pale Blue Dot (short film, 1998)
Actor
Family Matters (2006) cameo
All for Love (2005) cameo
Camellia Project: Three Queer Stories at Bogil Island (2005) cameo
Producer
155 Mile (2007)
Under Construction (2006)
Cinematographer
Pale Blue Dot (short film, 1998)
Everything I Got: Marco Polo's View (short film, 1998)
Editor
Cinema Paradise (short film, 2008)Pale Blue Dot (short film, 1998)
Assistant directorJury (2013)
MusicPale Blue Dot (short film, 1998)
Crew memberChoked (2011)
Wannabe (short film, 1998)
Television
Cinema Paradiso'' (EBS, 1994) host
Theater
매혹 "Fascination" (2004) director
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Kim Tae-yong at Korean Film Biz Zone
South Korean film directors
South Korean screenwriters
Yonsei University alumni
1969 births
Living people
Sowbagyavathi () is a 1939 Indian, Tamil-language film directed by Prem Chetna.
Cast
The following list was adapted from the book Thamizh Cinema Ulagam
Male cast
Aayiram Mugam Ramkumar Judge Somu
G. Govindarajulu Zamindar
P. V. Ethiraj Vasu
S. V. Sahasranamam Kittu
S. Krishna Sastry Raoji Dewan
B. K. Subramania Chetty Cashier
M. S. Murugesan Murugesa Mudaliar
M. R. Subramaniam Sastry
S. K. Muthukrishnan Peon
Female cast
S. P. L. Dhanalakshmi Meena
C. Padmavahi Bhai Bhagyam
P. R. Mangalam Rajamma
Gomathi Bhai Ascetic
Saraswathi Friend
Leela Friend
Padma Friend
Sivakami Friend
Production
The film was produced by Lakshmi Film Company and was distributed by Kovai Premier Cinetone. Prem Chetna directed the film Aayiram Mugam Ramkumar wrote the story and the dialogues were written by G. Govindarajulu. While the Cinematography was done by J. S. Patel. D. Govindan did the editing. M. D. Rajaram handled audiography. R. Krishnan was in-charge of the laboratory.
Aayiram Mugam Ramkumar has featured in Chandrakantha, a 1936 film as Detective Govindan and has directed the 1940 film Balya Vivaham. Sivaji Ganesan was said to have been impressed by Ramkumar and named their first son after him.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Govindarajulu while the lyrics were penned by L. Nanjappa Chetty. The actors themselves sang all the songs.
References
Troesmis was an ancient Roman legionary fortress, a major site situated on the Danube and forming a key part of the Limes Moesiae frontier system. Around this fortress the Geto-Dacian town later developed. It was situated in what is now Romania near Igliţa-Turcoaia.
Between 107 and 161, it was the home of the Roman Legio V Macedonica. Notitia Dignitatum shows that during 337–361, it was the headquarters of Legio II Herculia.
Destruction of the site
The site was concessioned to Desire More by the Ottoman Empire for farming activities. In 1882 Desire More started excavations, and the stones from the ancient site were sold as construction materials in Galați and Brăila. Suspected by the local Muslim villagers that the scope of the excavation is a treasure hunt, a local revolt started. With the help of Engelhardt, the French representative in Danube Commission, armed intervention stop the revolt. 24 epigraphic inscriptions were sent to France. Four of the inscriptions were published by Theodore Mommsen in 1864.
Research
From 1861 to 1867, the French government sent a team of archeologists led by Boissiere and Ernest Desjardins to Troesmis. The French team discovered 55 Latin inscriptions referring to the history of Troesmis, Legio V Macedonica and Legio I Italica.
The research was continued by Gr. G Tocilescu, who destroyed ancient site walls in order to find and save the inscriptions.
Historical accounts
The Roman poet Ovid provides some of the first documentary evidence of the ancient Dacian town of Troesmis as conquered by Pomponius Flaccus from the Getae and given to the Thracian king Rhecuporis in paragraphs 4.9.79 of their Epistulae ex Ponto to C. Pomponius Grecinus and 4.16.15 wrriten to "an envious man".
The Greek geographer Ptolemy also mentions Troesmis in Book 3, Chapter 10 of their work Geographia as a station of the Roman Legion Legio V Macedonica.
The Itinerarium Antonini mentions it as well, locating it between Beroe Piatra Frecăței and Arrubium (at sq/m distance from the first and at 9 sq/m from the second) and attests the presence of the Roman Legion Legio I Iovia.
It is also mentioned in the Tabula Peutingeriana at 8.3: Troesmis (at 23 sq/m from Beroe and at 8 sq/m from Arrubium).
The Itinerarium Burdigalense also mentions it, as do the Ravenna Cosmography, Hierocles and the Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII.
References
Former populated places in Eastern Europe
Moesia
Roman legionary fortresses in Romania
History of Dobruja
Historic monuments in Tulcea County
Miguel Abensour (; 13 February 1939 – 22 April 2017) was a French philosopher specializing in political philosophy. They were a emeritus professor of political philosophy at the Paris Diderot University (Jussieu) and a former president of the Collège international de philosophie.
Research and works
Abensour has written for the revues Textures, Libre, and Tumultes. Director of the collection Critique de la politique (published by Payot & Rivages) since 1974, they were notable in contributing to the reception of the Frankfurt School in France. In their works and numerous articles, they have sought to reconcile democracy, understood as "democracy against the state", with the idea of utopia, conceived from Emmanuel Levinas's criticism of Martin Buber's idea of interpersonal relations: the and Thou relationship opposed to the and It.
They have also published numerous articles on Emmanuel Levinas, Claude Lefort, Saint-Just, utopian socialism (Pierre Leroux, William Morris), Blanqui, and members of the Frankfurt School.
An anthology and critique of their works was published in 2006 by Sens & Tonka, Critique de la politique. Autour de Miguel Abensour, edited by Anne Kupiec and Étienne Tassin.
Works
Instructions pour une prise d'armes. L'éternité par les astres. Hypothèse astronomique et autres textes d'Auguste Blanqui établis et présentés par Miguel Abensour et Valentin Pelosse, Paris, Tête de Feuilles, 1973; re-edited by Sens & Tonka in 2000.
De la compacité : architecture et régimes totalitaires, Paris, Sens & Tonka, 1997.
L'Utopie de Thomas More à Walter Benjamin, Paris, Sens & Tonka, 2000. [English translation: Utopia from Thomas More to Walter Benjamin, Minneapolis, Univocal Publishing, 2017].
Le Procès des maîtres rêveurs, Arles, Sulliver, 2000.
La Démocratie contre l'État : Marx et le moment machiavélien, Paris, Le Félin, 2004. [English translation: Democracy against the State: Marx and the Machiavellian Moment, Cambridge, Polity, 2011].
Rire des lois, du magistrat et des dieux : l'impulsion Saint-just, Lyon, Horlieu, 2005.
Hannah Arendt contre la philosophie politique ?, Paris, Sens & Tonka, 2006.
Maximilien Rubel, pour redécouvrir Marx, in collaboration with Louis Janover, Paris, Sens & Tonka, 2008.
Pour une philosophie politique critique, Paris, Sens & Tonka, 2009.
L'Homme est un animal utopique / Utopiques II, Arles, Les Editions de La Nuit, 2010.
Le Procès des maîtres rêveurs (nouvelle édition augmentée) / Utopiques I, Arles, Les Editions de La Nuit, 2011.
References
1939 births
2017 deaths
20th-century French philosophers
French political scientists
University of Paris faculty
French male non-fiction writers
László Tóth (born 9 February 1968) is a Hungarian former water polo player. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Szentes
Sportspeople from Csongrád-Csanád County
20th-century Hungarian people
21st-century Hungarian people
HMS Ladybird was an of the Royal Navy, launched in 1916. These class are also referred to as "large China gunboats". Originally built to patrol the River Danube during the First World War, they sailed for China from Malta in February 1927 to serve on the Yangtze River.
History
On 12 December 1937, Ladybird, along with became involved in the Panay incident and came under fire from a Japanese artillery unit near Wuhu on the Yangtze River. Ladybird was hit by six shells and Bee dodged one as they came upon the scene. Ladybird was not badly damaged and with Bee picked up survivors from the sunk .
In 1939 the original pair of Mk VII 45-calibre guns were replaced by more modern and longer 6-inch Mk XIII 50-calibre guns from the decommissioned battleship .
Ladybird was allocated to Singapore in 1940 and then, along with five others of the class, stripped down and towed to the Mediterranean Sea. During the journey they sustained damage which meant they were limited to a speed of due to a misaligned hull. They were initially used to guard Port Said.
In late December 1940 and early January 1941 Ladybird was engaged at close range, bombarding the Italian port of Bardia in Libya, in support of the Allied Capture of Bardia on 5 January 1941 as part of Operation Compass.
On 25 February 1941 they landed a Royal Marines unit during Operation Abstention, an ill-fated attempt to seize the Italian island of Kastelorizo, where they were hit by an aerial bomb. Later, acting in support of the Tobruk garrison, they shelled the Gazala airfield and ferried in supplies. During this duty, on 12 May 1941, they were severely damaged by dive bombers and set on fire, settling on an even keel in of water. Still above water, their gun was used as an anti-aircraft gun; replaced Ladybird in supporting Tobruk.
External links
History of Yangtze River Patrol
Ladybird
Gunboats sunk by aircraft
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
1916 ships
Maritime incidents in May 1941
Maritime incidents in Libya
Ships sunk by German aircraft
Ernest Louis Aquilas Christophe (15 January 1827 – 14 January 1892) was a French sculptor, a student of François Rude and a friend of Charles Baudelaire. Rude assigned them to help with the bronze recumbent effigy to Éléonore-Louis Godefroi Cavaignac, a French politician. The funerary monument is signed Rude et Christophe, son jeune élève (Rude and Cristophe, their young pupil). Their Le Masque (the Mask) sculpture won Christophe third place in the Paris Salon in 1876 and two of their sculptures, La Fatalité (Fatality) and Le Baiser suprême (The supreme kiss) were acquired by the Musée du Luxembourg.
Christophe developed a deep friendship with Cuban-born French poet José-Maria de Heredia and made them their testamentary legatee. De Heredia collected part of Ernest's library after their death.  They are buried in the Batignolles Cemetery.
Notable works
One of Christophe's most recognized works is the Human Comedy sculpture that they submitted in 1876 to the Paris Salon. The Statue was acquired and exposed in the Jardin des Tuileries in 1877 and was moved to the Orsay museum since 1986 after restoration works in the Louvre. The sculpture inspired Christophe's friend Charles Baudelaire to write their poem Le Masque (the Mask). The sculptor renamed their statue "The Mask" with a nod to Baudelaire's ekphrastic poem. The work depicts a semi-nude woman whose smiling face is really a mask that hides "a face of sorrow".
La Fatalité, a statue executed by Christophe in 1885, inspired another French poet Leconte de Lisle's poem of the same title.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
1827 births
1892 deaths
People from Loches
19th-century French sculptors
French male sculptors
Burials at Batignolles Cemetery
19th-century French male artists
Donald Gregory (1803–1836) was a Scottish historian and antiquarian, who published a valuable history of the Western Highlands and Isles of Scotland.
Origins
Gregory was a younger son of Dr James Gregory (1753–1821), a leading Scottish physician, by their second wife Isabella Macleod (1772–1847), and was one of no fewer than eleven children. Their twin brother, William Gregory, was a notable chemist. Their grandfather, John Gregory (1724–1773), was a notable physician and moralist and their grandfather's grandfather, James Gregory (1638–1675) was a mathematician and astronomer. Gregory was accordingly born into Scottish academic purple.
Donald lived at the family home of 10 Ainslie Place in the Moray Estate in Edinburgh for all of their later life.
Career
Gregory became joint secretary to the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland in 1828 and sole secretary in 1830. They were also secretary to the Iona Club (devoted to the history, antiquities and early literature of the Scottish Highlands and publishers of the Collectanea de Rebus Albanicis), an honorary member of the Ossianic Society of Glasgow and of the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne, and a member of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of the North at Copenhagen.
In 1831, the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland published Gregory's Historical Notices of the Clan Gregor, at the outset of which they noted thatThe total want of private papers and title-deeds connected with the different branches of this family … and the defective state of the earlier records of Scotland, in relation more especially to the Highlands, have made this investigation no easy task.
Gregory's attachment to contemporary documentary evidence was remarkable for their time. The Edinburgh Literary Journal described their work as “the first instance on record of a trustworthy history of a Highland clan resting upon contemporary evidence”.
In the year before their death, Gregory published their most substantial and famous work, a History of the Western Highlands and Isles of Scotland from AD 1493 to AD 1625. Nearly 170 years later, a historian of the same period commented that their views on Highland history “still command respect”.
In their preface, Gregory explained why they had chosen to focus only on the Western part of the Highlands, describing its separate development and observing:...during a great portion of the period I have endeavoured to illustrate, the Western Clans had a common object which frequently united them in hostility to the government. In this way, the measures employed at first for their coercion, and afterwards for their advancement in civilization, came naturally to be separate from those directed to the subjugation (if I may use the phrase) and improvement of the Eastern tribes.
They attributed their focus on the years between 1493 and 1625 to the sparseness of previous historical treatment of the period - describing it "as nearly as possible a perfect blank" - and added:...when I discovered that our national records and other sources of authentic information were full of interesting and important matter bearing upon this portion of the history of the West Highlands and Isles, I no longer hesitated.
Gregory also found time to interest themselves in such diverse matters as the skulls of ancient druids, the history of archery in Scotland, the history of Clan Chattan and the life of Bishop Carswell.
They were called as an authority on historical manuscripts and a hand-writing expert by the pursuers who successfully alleged forgery in the Stirling Peerage Case.
Gregory died in Edinburgh on 21 October 1836.
 They are buried in the family plot with their siblings and next to their parents in the south-west corner of Canongate Churchyard, immediately next to the grave of Adam Smith. The specific grave also contains their brother Dr James Crawford Gregory.
References
External links
Donald Gregory, Historical notices of the clan Gregor (Edinburgh, 1831)
Donald Gregory, History of the Western Highlands and Isles of Scotland (William Tait, Edinburgh, 1836)
Scottish antiquarians
Scottish genealogists
1836 deaths
1803 births
Burials at the Canongate Kirkyard
Twin people from Scotland
The Department of Consumer and Employment Protection was a department of the Government of Western Australia. As of 1 January 2009, it became the Department of Commerce.
Preceding authorities
Legislation was not enacted in Western Australia until the 1970s.
The names and dates of preceding authorities:
Ministry of Fair Trading (1993-01-01 - 2001-07-01)
Ministry of Consumer Affairs (1988-01-01 - 1993-01-01)
Bureau of Consumer Affairs (1975-01-01 - 1983-01-01)
Consumer Protection Bureau (1972-01-01 - 1975-01-01)
External links
Government of Western Australia website
Department of Consumer and Employment Protection website
References
Consumer
2009 disestablishments in Australia
Government agencies disestablished in 2009
Ulf Prange (born 25 July 1975 in Oldenburg) is a German lawyer and politician in the SPD and a member of Parliament in the state of Lower Saxony.
External links
Website von Ulf Prange
Website von Rechtsanwalt Ulf Prange
References
Jurists from Lower Saxony
Members of the Landtag of Lower Saxony
People from Oldenburg (city)
1975 births
Living people
The 2019–20 FIS Cross-Country World Cup was the 39th official World Cup season in cross-country skiing for men and women. The season began on 29 November 2019 in Ruka, Finland and concluded on 8 March 2020 in Oslo, Norway.
The Sprint Tour, a stage event scheduled in Quebec City and Minneapolis on 14–17 March 2020 was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. The same reason forced the cancellation of World Cup scheduled in Canmore on 20–22 March 2020, including mixed relay.
Calendar
Men
Women
Men's team
Women's team
Mixed team
Men's standings
Overall
Distance
Sprint
Prize money
U23
Bonus Ranking
Women's standings
Overall
Distance
Sprint
Prize money
U23
Bonus Ranking
Nations Cup
Overall
Men
Women
Points distribution
The table shows the number of points won in the 2019/20 Cross-Country Skiing World Cup for men and women. Team Sprint and Relay points are included only in Nations Cup, don't impact on individual rankings.
Achievements
Only individual events.
First World Cup career victory
Men
Hans Christer Holund, 30, in their 9th season – the WC 1 (15 km F Pursuit) in Ruka; first podium was 2014–15 WC 4 (30 km Skiathlon) in Lillehammer
Lucas Chanavat, 25, in their 5th season – the WC 5 (Sprint F) in Planica; first podium was 2017–18 WC 8 (Sprint F) in Lenzerheide
Women
Linn Svahn, 20, in their 2nd season – the WC 3 (Sprint F) in Davos; also first podium
Frida Karlsson, 20, in their 2nd season – the WC 17 (30 km C Mass Start) in Oslo; also first podium
First World Cup podium
Men
Håvard Solås Taugbøl, 26, in their 7th season – no. 3 in the WC 3 (Sprint F) in Davos
Ivan Yakimushkin, 23, in their 3rd season – no. 2 in the WC 6 (15 km F) in Toblach
Johan Häggström, 27, in their 4th season – no. 3 in the WC 7 (Sprint F) in Dresden
Martin Løwstrøm Nyenget, 27, in their 7th season – no. 3 in the WC 14 (15 km C Pursuit) in Östersund
Renaud Jay, 28, in their 9th season – no. 3 in the WC 14 (Sprint F) in Åre
Women
Linn Svahn, 20, in their 2nd season – no. 1 in the WC 3 (Sprint F) in Davos
Julia Kern, 22, in their 4th season – no. 3 in the WC 5 (Sprint F) in Planica
Katharina Hennig, 23, in their 5th season – no. 3 in the WC 6 (10 km C Mass Start) in Val di Fiemme
Frida Karlsson, 20, in their 2nd season – no. 1 in the WC 17 (30 km C Mass Start) in Oslo
Victories in this World Cup (all-time number of victories in parentheses)
Men
Johannes Høsflot Klæbo, 10 (37) first places
Alexander Bolshunov, 9 (17) first places
Pål Golberg, 3 (7) first places
Sergey Ustiugov, 2 (15) first places
Iivo Niskanen, 2 (5) first places
Simen Hegstad Krüger, 2 (3) first places
Lucas Chanavat, 2 (2) first places
Emil Iversen, 1 (7) first place
Sjur Røthe, 1 (5) first place
Hans Christer Holund, 1 (1) first place
Women
Therese Johaug, 20 (73) first places
Linn Svahn, 3 (3) first places
Maiken Caspersen Falla, 2 (21) first places
Anamarija Lampič, 2 (3) first places
Jonna Sundling, 2 (3) first places
Ingvild Flugstad Østberg, 1 (17) first place
Astrid Uhrenholdt Jacobsen, 1 (6) first place
Natalya Nepryayeva, 1 (2) first place
Frida Karlsson, 1 (1) first place
Retirements
The following athletes announced their retirements during or after the season:
Men
Martin Bergström
Erik Bjornsen
Eirik Brandsdal
Sondre Turvoll Fossli
Lari Lehtonen
Toni Livers
Andrew Newell
Teodor Peterson
Fredrik Riseth
Bernhard Tritscher
Thomas Wick
Women
Vesna Fabjan
Elizabeth Guiney
Astrid Uhrenholdt Jacobsen
Stina Nilsson - Change of sport (Biathlon)
Emily Nishikawa
Jennie Öberg
Katja Višnar
Footnotes
References
FIS Cross-Country World Cup seasons
World Cup
World Cup
Cross-Country
The toothless blindcat (Trogloglanis pattersoni) is a species of North American freshwater catfish endemic to Texas in the United States.
This species inhabits subterranean habitats in five artesian wells penetrating the San Antonio Pool of the Edwards Aquifer in and near San Antonio, Texas.
The toothless blindcat has no pigmentation and no externally visible eyes. The eye remnants are extremely reduced in size, with very little or no trace of a retina or lens; the optic tract is present, but always regresses before reaching the brain. In juveniles, the eye is under the skin, but as the fish grows, the eyes are withdrawn even further. The head is as long as it is broad. The adipose fin is long and rounded at the end, and is connected to the caudal fin. The dorsal and pectoral fins have spines. The swim bladder in these fish is reduced. The stomach is reduced in size and surrounded by deposits of adipose tissue allowing for adequate energy to be stored. The skull is mostly cartilaginous and not well-ossified, unlike the adults of larger ictalurids. The lateral line is fragmented and reaches to between the anterior to the posterior end of the adipose fin. This species also has a few paedomorphic traits (indicated by small size which ranges from 16-89mm, kidney morphology, and weak ossification of the skeleton). This species may reach about TL.
Its toothless, sucker-like mouth possibly indicates T. pattersoni is a detritivore.
References
Ictaluridae
Freshwater fish of the United States
Endemic fauna of Texas
Cave fish
Fish described in 1919
Taxa named by Carl H. Eigenmann
The following lists events that happened during 2002 in Republic of Albania.
Incumbents
President: Rexhep Meidani (until 24 July), Alfred Moisiu (starting 24 July)
Prime Minister: Ilir Meta (until 22 February), Pandeli Majko (22 February - 31 July), Fatos Nano (starting 31 July)
Events
January
Meta resigns as prime minister after failing to resolve party feud.
February
Pandeli Majko becomes premier and forms new government as rival factions in Socialist Party pledge to end infighting.
August
Fatos Nano becomes prime minister after the ruling Socialist Party decides to merge the roles of premier and party chairperson. It is Nano's fourth time as premier.
Deaths
12 August - Teodor Keko, Albanian writer, journalist and politician
References
Years of the 21st century in Albania
2000s in Albania
General elections were held in Burma between 4 and 18 October 1981. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Burma Socialist Programme Party as the sole legal party. It therefore won all 475 seats in People's Assembly.
Results
References
1981 in Burma
Elections in Myanmar
Burma
One-party elections
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
The Two Medicine Formation is a geological formation, or rock body, in northwestern Montana and southern Alberta that was deposited between and (million years ago), during Campanian (Late Cretaceous) time. It crops out to the east of the Rocky Mountain Overthrust Belt, and the western portion (about thick) of this formation is folded and faulted while the eastern part, which thins out into the Sweetgrass Arch, is mostly undeformed plains. Below the formation are the nearshore (beach and tidal zone) deposits of the Virgelle Sandstone, and above it is the marine Bearpaw Shale. Throughout the Campanian, the Two Medicine Formation was deposited between the western shoreline of the Late Cretaceous Interior Seaway and the eastward advancing margin of the Cordilleran Overthrust Belt. The Two Medicine Formation is mostly sandstone, deposited by rivers and deltas.
History of research
In 1913, a US Geological Survey crew headed by Eugene Stebinger and a US National Museum crew headed by Charles Gilmore worked together to excavate the first dinosaur of the formation. Stebinger was the first to identify the Two Medicine Formation and formally described the first fossils in a scientific paper published in 1914. Gilmore returned to the Formation in 1928 and 1935. During this time frame only three species were named and of these only Styracosaurus ovatus and Edmontonia rugosidens are still regarded as valid. Barnum Brown prospected the formation in 1933, but found nothing significant. Both of their research were interrupted by World War II. In 1977, Trexler reports finding hadrosaur remains west of Choteau, Montana. During the next year baby hadrosaurs were discovered. In 1979, Horner and Makela referred these hadrosaur bones to Maiasaura peeblesorum. The announcement attracted renewed scientific interest to the formation and many new kinds of dinosaurs were discovered. More nesting sites were discovered later, including the Devil's Coulee site yielding Hypacrosaurus stebingeri in southern Alberta in 1987.
Geology
The loosely consolidated fine grain sediments composing the formation allow for fast plant growth in badland areas, limiting the number of exposed outcrops. Paleosols, fluvial deposits and bentonitic layers are common in the Two Medicine Formation.
Age
The Two Medicine Formation spans from 80 to 74 Ma, nearly the entire length of the Campanian stage. The formation has been dated using 40Ar/39Ar dating at volcanic ash layers located below the top and above the base. The deposition of the formation may be diachronous. The Lower Two Medicine dates to late Santonian to early Campanian times. The Upper Two Medicine dates to middle-late Campanian times.
Equivalents
There are several equivalents to the Two Medicine Formation, as with many geologic formations (most of which are named after their type locality). The Sweetgrass Arch in Montana divides the Two Medicine from the Judith River Formation, Bearpaw Shale, Claggett Shale, and Eagle Sandstone. Across the Canada–US border, the Two Medicine Formation correlates to the Belly River Group in southwest Alberta, and the Pakowki Formation eastward.
Stratigraphy
The Two Medicine overlies the Virgelle Sandstone, which formed from the beach sands exposed on northern and western shores of the receding Colorado Sea. A Cretaceous Interior Seaway transgression submerged the area briefly early on in Two Medicine history leaving anomalous paralic sediments and isolated shale bodies about 100 m above the base of the formation. The Middle portion of the two medicine formation is about 225 m thick, deposited while the Clagette Sea was receding and the Bearpaw Sea transgressing. This portion is stratigraphically equivalent to the Judith River Formation and Judith River Group. The sediments are mainly bentonitic siltstones and mudstones with "occasional sandstone lenses." These sediments are thought to be the remains of a coastal plain "far removed" from the interior sea. The upper portion is about one half of the formation. Its sediments are similar to the middle portions but punctuated by extensive red beds and caliche horizons. The uppermost 80 m were deposited after the inundation of the Judith River equivalent sediments by the Bearpaw Sea. They are thought to have been deposited in only 500,000 years. Bentonitic ash is common in the Two Medicine. To the south extrusive volcanic activity occurred in association with the Boulder Batholith collectively called the Elkhorn Volcanics.
Taphonomy
Most of the vertebrate fossils are preserved by CaCo3 permineralization. This type of preservation preserves high levels of detail, even down to the microscopic level. However, it also leaves specimens vulnerable to weathering when exposed to the surface.
Paleoenvironment
Climate
The Two Medicine Formation was deposited in a seasonal, semi-arid climate with possible rainshadows from the Cordilleran highlands. This region during the Campanian experienced a long dry season and warm temperatures. Lithologies, invertebrate faunas, and plant and pollen data support the above interpretation. The extensive red beds and caliche horizons of the upper Two Medicine are evidence of at least seasonally arid conditions. Some of the dinosaurs from the formation have been speculated to have shown signs of drought-related death.
Elevation
A more upland environment existed in the south of the Two Medicine Formation. Streams had a northeasterly flow away from these southwestern uplands. The southern part of the Two medicine formation grades into brackish water siltstone/sandstone series called the Horsethief Formation. The sediments of the Horsethief represent shallower water deposits than the Bearpaw Shale adding further evidence of higher elevation areas existing in the south.
Egg Mountain site
Egg Mountain, which is near Choteau, Montana, was discovered in 1977 by Marion Brandvold, owner of the Trex Agate Rock Shop in Bynum, Montana, who discovered the bones of juvenile dinosaurs at this site. It is a colonial nesting site on the Willow Creek Anticline in the Two Medicine Formation that is famous for its fossil eggs of Maiasaura, which demonstrated for the first time that at least some dinosaurs cared for their young. The eggs were arranged in dug-out earthen nests, each nest about a parent's body length from the next, and baby dinosaurs were also found with skeletons too cartilaginous for them to walk - similar to those of altricial (helpless) baby birds. The parent(s) must then have brought food to the young, and there is plant matter in the nests that may be evidence of either this or for incubation of the eggs. Maiasaura also grew extremely fast, at rates comparable to modern birds. Skeletons of Orodromeus and skeletons and eggs of Troodon were also found at Egg Mountain.
Biostratigraphy
Most dinosaur-bearing rock formations do not contain multiple distinct faunas at different positions within the formation's stratigraphic column. Usually the lower sediments of a given formation will contain the same kinds of dinosaurs as the upper sediments, or the species composition changes only gradually. However, some researchers had argued that the Two Medicine Formation was an exception, preserving multiple distinct dinosaur faunas.
Later research came to find that the supposedly distinct dinosaur faunas at different levels of the formations were more similar than had been previously thought. While the dinosaur fauna of the lower and middle sections Two Medicine was apparently diverse, the quality of preservation was low and few of these remains can be referred to individual species. The middle Two Medicine is a better source of fossils, but still poor overall. This makes it difficult to argue that these sections of the formation preserve distinct faunas.
The upper portion of the formation is more diverse and preserves better quality fossils. However, many of the taxa that supposedly distinguished it as a separate fauna have since been found in older sediments. In particular, Gryposaurus latidens and Hypacrosaurus have been found to coexist with Maiasaura. Further, there are fossil teeth that seem to show the presence of certain taxa are unbroken throughout the whole formation.
Nevertheless, some true changes in faunal composition seem to occur in the upper Two Medicine. The appearance of Maiasaura in the formation precedes the arrival of a diverse variety of other ornithischians. According to David Trexler, thorough examination of strata found along the Two Medicine River (which exposes the entire upper half of the Two Medicine Formation) indicates that the apparent diversification was a real event rather than a result of preservational biases.
The timeline below follows the stratigraphic chart presented by Horner et al. 2001.
Dinosaurs
Some of the dinosaurs from the formation have been speculated to show signs of drought related death. Very few articulated dinosaurs have been found in the formation; most specimens are isolated, bone bed, poorly preserved or broken remains. Early studies assumed that the Two Medicine Formation would have the same dinosaurs as the Judith River Formation. It was only in 1978, that it was discovered that the formation had endemic dinosaurs. Even some genera regarded as wide-ranging predators exhibited a species difference between the Two Medicine and other formations. No ecological barriers have been postulated apart from upland/lowland habitat preference differences between the Two Medicine and Judith River Formation. There is no unequivocal evidence for intermingling between the wildlife of the Two Medicine and geographically adjacent contemporary formations. Dinosaur remains are more common in the upper part of the Two Medicine.
Ankylosaurs
Avialans
Ceratopsians
Non-avialan eumaniraptorans
Ornithopods
An unidentified lambeosaurine has been collected from the same stratigraphic placement, west of Bynum, and is in preparation at The Montana Dinosaur Center
Oviraptorosaurs
The first find of an oviraptorosaur in Montana was an articular region from the lower jaw of Caenagnathus sternbergi, from the Two Medicine Formation, according to a 2001 paper by David J. Varrichio. This species had previously only been known from the Canadian province of Alberta. Varrichio observes that during the late Campanian, Alberta and Montana had very similar theropods despite significant differences in the types of herbivorous dinosaur faunas.
Tyrannosauroids
Other fauna
Many other fossil animals have been found, such as freshwater bivalves, gastropods, turtles, lizards such as Magnuviator, and champsosaurs. The multituberculate mammal Cimexomys has been found on Egg Mountain. The species Piksi barbarulna was described based on forelimb bones from the Two Medicine Formation; it was initially thought to be a bird, but subsequently it was reinterpreted as a pterosaur, likely a member of Ornithocheiroidea. Azhdarchoid pterosaurs are also known from the Two Medicine Formation, including a very large, yet-unnamed azhdarchid, the estimated wingspan of which was , and smaller Montanazhdarcho minor, a non-azhdarchid azhdarchoid. Insect and mammal burrows have also been discovered, as well as dinosaur coprolites.
See also
List of dinosaur-bearing rock formations
List of fossil sites (with link directory)
References
Bibliography
Dodson, P., C.A. Forster, and S.D. Sampson. 2004. Ceratopsidae in Weishampel, D.B., P. Dodson, and H. Osmolska (eds.) The Dinosauria. 2nd Edition, University of California Press.
Trexler, D., 2001, Two Medicine Formation, Montana: geology and fauna: In: Mesozoic Vertebrate Life, edited by Tanke, D. H., and Carpenter, K., Indiana University Press, pp. 298–309.
Varricchio, D. J. 2001. Late Cretaceous oviraptorosaur (Theropoda) dinosaurs from Montana. pp. 42–57 in D. H. Tanke and K. Carpenter (eds.), Mesozoic Vertebrate Life. Indiana University Press, Indianapolis, Indiana
Geologic formations of Alberta
Geologic formations of Montana
Upper Cretaceous Series of North America
Cretaceous Alberta
Cretaceous Montana
Campanian Stage
Sandstone formations of Canada
Sandstone formations of the United States
Fluvial deposits
Deltaic deposits
Ichnofossiliferous formations
Ooliferous formations
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of North America
Paleontology in Alberta
Paleontology in Montana
Glacier National Park (U.S.)
is a train station in Miyoshi, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1963
The Pilgrim is a live album by the composer Shaun Davey. It was recorded at Festival Interceltique de Lorient, Glasgow Royal Concert Hall.
Background
In 1983, following the successful performance of Shaun Davey's work The Brendan Voyage the previous year, The Festival Interceltique de Lorient commissioned Davey to compose The Lorient Festival Suite for orchestra and Celtic soloists representing the seven Celtic countries or regions (Scotland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Wales, Cornwall, Brittany, Galicia) and it was a recording of this concert that was released, on vinyl, in the same year by Tara Music under the title of The Pilgrim. Despite the success of the initial performance and subsequent LP release Davey realised that the work needed a thread to hold it together. It was not until 1990, when Davey was approached by Glasgow Royal Concert Hall to stage The Pilgrim in Glasgow to mark the passing of the mantle of European City of Culture from Glasgow to Dublin, that they got the chance to address some of these problems. With the commitment to a CD release from Tara Music, they were in a position to add some new pieces (and delete others). They introduced the concept of a journey by St. Colum Cille through the Celtic countries which provided the missing thread from the earlier work. This concept was further strengthened by the introduction of a narrator between the musical pieces.
Recording
The current CD release is a combination of remixed recordings from the original Lorient concert as well as the Glasgow concert.
With a number of performances scheduled for the piece in the millennium year, Shaun took the opportunity to revise and extend the suite. As the overall length of the suite was now beyond that of a conventional CD, the additional tracks were on a later release 'May We Never Have To Goodbye' also on the Tara Music label.
Tracks
Himlico's Map; Colm Cille Leaves Derry.
Gair Na Gairbe
A Walk In The Ocean
The Pilgrim
Colum Cille's Farewell to Ireland
The Land of The Picts
Iona
Briochan and Columba
Storm at Sea
A White Wave Foams Over
Ymadawiad Arthur
St. Manchan's Prayer
Samson Peccator Episcopus
St. Matthews Point
Danse Plin
Bal Plin
Dance An Dro
Santiago
Vigo
The Deer's Cry
God Be With Me
A`Ghrian'
Musicians
Conductors : Noel Kelehan / Iain Sutherland
Orchestras : The Lorient Festival Orchestra / The Glasgow Philharmonic Orchestra
Soloists; Rita Connolly & Iarla O'Lionaird (vocals) Liam O'Flynn uilleann pipes, Josik Allot & Bernard Pichard Bombardes, Pipe Major Tom Anderson (Scottish pipes), Helen Davies (Celtic harp), Carlos Real Rodreguez, Vincente Manuel Tunas.
Narrator : Mick Lally.
Choirs : Cord Gord' rer Garth' Kerensa, An Tryskell, The City of Glasgow Chorus.
Pipebands : Wallacestone Pipeband. City of Glasgow Pipes and Drums.
References
Record Label Catalogue 2010
Album Sleevenotes
Album press release
1983 live albums
Shaun Davey albums
Theodore Jasper (13 July 1814, in Prussia – 6 June 1897, in Columbus, Ohio) was a portrait painter and photographic colorist active in Columbus, Ohio from circa 1866 to 1883. From the 1840s to the 1860s they worked in New York and Connecticut (Haverstock, 2000). Their paintings formed the basis for Studer's Popular Ornithology, a late 19th-century work that had several editions with chromolithographic copies of Jasper's art.
References and external links
Theodore Jasper – Cornell University
Birds of North America (1903 edition of Studer's Popular Ornithology) from University of Wisconsin, Digital Library for the Decorative Arts and Material Culture
Mary Sayre Haverstock, Jeannette Mahoney Vance, Brian L. Meggitt, Jeffrey Weidman (2000). Artists in Ohio, 1787–1900: a biographical dictionary. Kent State University Press. , (via Google Books)
1814 births
1897 deaths
American bird artists
19th-century American painters
19th-century male artists
Christoffersen Heights () are broad snow-covered heights which form the south-central portion of the Jones Mountains, southward of Bonnabeau Dome and Anderson Dome. They were mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Ernest H. Christoffersen, U.S. Navy Reserve, co-pilot of ski-equipped LC-47 Dakota aircraft on pioneering flights from Byrd Station to the Eights Coast area in November 1961.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Money Island may refer to;
Asia
Money Island mergui, in the Mergui Archipelago
Money Island, Paracel Islands, in the South China Sea
North America
Canada
Money Island, Newfoundland, Canada
United States
Money Island (Branford, Connecticut), one of the Thimble Islands
Money Island, Cumberland County, New Jersey, a community in Downe Township, Cumberland County, New Jersey
Money Island, Salem County, New Jersey, a community in Elsinboro Township, Salem County, New Jersey
Hollins Island, in the Great South Bay off of Long Island, New York
KCHK (1350 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a mixed format, including classic country music, but is best known for its polka programming. Licensed to New Prague, Minnesota, United States, the station is currently owned by Ingstad Brothers Broadcasting, LLC, and features programming from ABC Radio .
The station is known for playing polka music for the Czechs (hence, the station's call letters KCHK) that settled the area starting in the mid-1850s.
References
External links
Radio stations in Minnesota
Classic country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1993
1993 establishments in Minnesota
The Wuding River (Chinese: 无定河) begins in the Ordos Desert in Shaanxi Province, Inner Mongolia and flows south into loess canyons and farmland. After around 100 miles it flows into the great Yellow River. The Wuding has its own tributaries, such as the Dali River, Hailiutu River, Hanjiang River, and the Danjiang River. The course of the river roughly parallels the northern route of the ancient Silk Road, now the National Highway 210.
History
The river's name means "winding" or "unstable" or "capricious" or "without a fixed course". This relates to its shifting course during classical times. The river area was much contested in classical times, and many battles were fought along and around it. On its early northern reaches stood the 'White City' of Tongwancheng, the main Hun capital on the non-Chinese side of the Great Wall of China. The river served as a military boundary into the warlord period of Chinese history, when opium replaced cotton as the crop on the river's fertile loess farmland, and into the modern communist period.
The river currently carries very high levels of silt due to the arid climate in its loess canyons and gulleys, and over the last 30 years extensive effort has been put into preventing erosion on the upper reaches of the river, so as to prevent coarse sediment from entering the Yellow River. Terraces, re-forestation, planting and control dams have all been tried, with considerable success.
Cultural references
An ancient 9th century battle poem is set on the banks of the river - Chen Tao's Journey to Longxi describes a warrior dying on the river bank, whereafter their lover only sees them in their dreams...
"Have pity on the white skeletons of the Wuding River, for they are men now only in the dreams of young women."
The river and its culture gave rise to the bardic folk song tradition of daoqing. By the late 19th and 20th centuries, this had taken the form of large troupes of blind storytellers and musicians. For more on this tradition see: "Blind Bards of The Wuding", in China Pictorial Nov 2006.
Further reading
Songqiao Zhao (1986) Physical geography of China.
"Blind Bards of The Wuding", China Pictorial Nov 2006.
Rivers of China
Rivers of Shaanxi
An exhaust gas temperature gauge (EGT gauge or EGT sensor) is a meter used to monitor the exhaust gas temperature of an internal combustion engine in conjunction with a thermocouple-type pyrometer. EGT gauges are found in certain cars and aeroplanes. By monitoring EGT, the driver or pilot can get an idea of the vehicle's air-fuel ratio (AFR).
At a stoichiometric air-fuel ratio, the exhaust gas temperature is different from that in a lean or rich air-fuel ratio. At rich air-fuel ratio, the exhaust gas temperature either increases or decreases depending on the fuel. High temperatures (typically above ) can be an indicator of dangerous conditions that can lead to catastrophic engine failure.
Applications
Most light piston aircraft still have manual mixture controls, and pilots use an EGT gauge to set the optimal fuel-air mixture for their current density altitude and power. The hottest cylinder-head temperatures (CHT) and highest internal cylinder pressures occur around rich of peak EGT, and risk predetonation, making it essential to avoid that range, and operate either lean of peak EGT or richer than rich of peak EGT. Leaner mixtures result in significant fuel savings, but may result in rough operation of some carbureted or poorly-tuned fuel-injected engines. Jet aircraft used EGT gauges which were monitored by the flight engineer during engine startup and throughout the whole flight. EGT gauges were then implemented into the interfaces of EICAS and ECAM in glass cockpits.
EGT meters are used for tuning turbo-equipped cars. If the sensor is installed at the manifold collector before the turbo, the turbine inlet temperature can be monitored. If the sensor is installed after the turbo, the exhaust temperature can be monitored. Because EGT typically drops across the turbine, installers try to put the thermocouple as close to the cylinder head as possible to give a true reading, and a reading that will react faster to the engine's condition compared to an installation after the turbo.
Air-cooled engines, like used in Volkswagen, Porsche and other cars can be damaged by over heating. An exhaust gas temperature gauge can be used to prevent damage.
Air-cooled motorcycle engines also can be damaged by over heating.
Oxygen sensor
Using an EGT meter alone is considered an older technique for getting the most out of petrol and diesel engines, as gauge-type wideband digital oxygen sensors are similarly priced. However, some advanced racers will use EGT gauges in combination with a wideband oxygen sensor to lean the fuel ratio a bit to safely raise the temperature for more power.
Advanced tuning
Though by tuning primarily by EGT and air fuel ratio values, EGT is still to this day a used data output for engine tuning. When fine tuning an engine, if possible with the ECU manipulation with the cylinder's timing can be made. By adjusting the timing, the resultant cylinder temperature can be used to improve cylinder efficiency. Though this is still widely done, EGT values should be used as a safe guard sensor measure and as a tuning guide.
References
External links
Engine technology
Engine sensors
The 1940 Northern Illinois State Huskies football team represented Northern Illinois State Teachers College—now known as Northern Illinois University—as a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (IIAC) during the 1940 college football season. Led by 12th-year head coach Chick Evans, the Huskies compiled an overall record of 6–3 with a mark of 2–2 in conference play, placing fourth in the IIAC. The team played home games at the 5,500-seat Glidden Field, located on the east end of campus, in DeKalb, Illinois.
Schedule
References
Northern Illinois State
Northern Illinois Huskies football seasons
Northern Illinois State Huskies football
The Meeting of Parliament Act 1694 (6 & 7 Will & Mary c 2), also known as the Triennial Act 1694, is an Act of the Parliament of England. This Act is Chapter II Rot. Parl. pt. 1. nu. 2. The act currently requires that Parliament hold a session at least once every three years.
This Act required Parliament to meet annually and to hold general elections once every three years.
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.
The whole Act was repealed for the Republic of Ireland by section 3 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Electoral Act 1963.
Sections 3 and 4 were repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1867.
See also
Triennial Acts
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
John Raithby (editor). The Statutes of the Realm. 1819. Volume 6. Page 510. Digitised copy from British History Online.
External links
The Meeting of Parliament Act 1694, as amended, from the National Archives.
List of repeals in the Republic of Ireland from the Irish Statute Book
Acts of the Parliament of England
1694 in law
1694 in England
William III of England
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning the House of Commons
Oswego Public Library is a library in Oswego, Kansas
Oswego Public Library may also refer to:
Oswego City Library, a historic place in Oswego County, New York
Oswego Public Library, a library in Oswego, Illinois
John Forbes (British Army officer) (1707–1759) was a British Army brigadier general. General Forbes may also refer to:
David Forbes (British Army officer) (1772–1849), British Army major general
Edwin Alexander Forbes (1860–1915), California National Guard brigadier general
George Forbes, 4th Earl of Granard (1710–1769), British Army lieutenant general
George Forbes, 6th Earl of Granard (1760–1837), British Army lieutenant general
Gordon Forbes (British Army officer) (1738–1828), British Army general
James Forbes, 17th Lord Forbes (1765–1843), British Army general
Robert C. Forbes (1917–2002), U.S. Army major general
See also
James Forbes-Robertson (1884–1955), British Army temporary brigadier general
Aristarchus's inequality (after the Greek astronomer and mathematician Aristarchus of Samos; c. 310 – c. 230 BCE) is a law of trigonometry which states that if α and β are acute angles (i.e. between 0 and a right angle) and β < α then
Ptolemy used the first of these inequalities while constructing their table of chords.
Proof
The proof is a consequence of the more widely known inequalities
,
and
.
Proof of the first inequality
Using these inequalities we can first prove that
We first note that the inequality is equivalent to
which itself can be rewritten as
We now want to show that
The second inequality is simply . The first one is true because
Proof of the second inequality
Now we want to show the second inequality, i.e. that:
We first note that due to the initial inequalities we have that:
Consequently, using that in the previous equation (replacing by ) we obtain:
We conclude that
See also
Aristarchus of Samos
Eratosthenes
Posidonius
Notes and references
External links
Proof of the First Inequality
Proof of the Second Inequality
Trigonometry
Inequalities
Germán Sánchez Flor (born 4 July 1989 in Alicante) is a Spanish racing driver.
Career
Formula Three
Sánchez made their car racing debut aged just sixteen, when they took part in the 2006 Spanish Formula Three Championship. Driving a Dallara F300 for Escuela Profiltek, Sánchez was also eligible for the secondary Copa de España as they were driving an older car than most other competitors. Sánchez won the Copa de España, winning seven of the fifteen races, with three other podium finishes. They also amassed seventeen points towards the main championship, and finished 13th overall. For the 2007 season, they moved to Campos Racing and the main championship. Sánchez finished fourth in the championship, scoring two wins at Albacete and Jerez, and scored two third-place finishes at Jerez and Barcelona.
Sánchez continued with Campos into the 2008 season. They won again at Albacete, and also won one of the first races to be held at the Valencia Street Circuit, in order for the circuit to acquire the licence that was required to host the European Grand Prix a month later. Further wins at Magny-Cours and the Circuit de Valencia helped them to edge out Nelson Panciatici for the title, despite a non-scoring finale in Barcelona.
Formula Two
2009 saw Sánchez move up to the FIA Formula Two Championship, driving car number 27. Despite missing the races in Barcelona, they finished 24th in the championship, with a pair of eighths at Imola.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete FIA Formula Two Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Official website
Career statistics from Driver Database
1989 births
Living people
Spanish racing drivers
FIA Formula Two Championship drivers
Euroformula Open Championship drivers
The Ferrari 640 (also known as the Ferrari F1-89) was the Formula One racing car with which the Ferrari team competed in the 1989 Formula One World Championship. It was driven by Britain's Nigel Mansell, in their first season with the team, and Austria's Gerhard Berger, winning three races between them.
Design
The car was designed by John Barnard, and it was the first Ferrari they were responsible for designing. It sported a sharp nose, with a narrow monocoque and bulging side-pods designed to house the radiators with maximum aerodynamic efficiency. It originally had two small air intakes on either side of the driver, but from the fourth race of the season in Mexico a more conventional large air intake above and behind the driver was introduced, which Ferrari kept on the car for the remainder of the season.
Barnard, who had joined Ferrari from McLaren at the end of the season, had begun designing the car in 1987 with the intent of it being used during the season. However, continual problems with the car's revolutionary electrohydraulic-actuated semi-automatic gearbox saw the team forced to use the turbocharged F1/87/88C in 1988, with the car's debut pushed back to 1989, the first year of FISA's 3.5 Litre atmospheric formula where turbos were banned.
The 640 was powered by Ferrari's Tipo 035/5, a 3.5 liter V12 engine which produced up to by the season end, roughly the same amount of power as the engine it replaced, the Tipo 033A V6 turbo, though without the turbo's fuel consumption worries. This was still down compared to the V10 Honda used by the dominant McLarens which were rated at . The transmission to which it was mated, however, attracted more attention, as it contained the very first true sequential-style paddle-shift gearbox seen in Formula 1. In the first half of the season, the experimental system proved to be very unreliable, and it hampered Ferrari's efforts. However, such gearboxes would become the norm by the mid-1990s. Much of the development work was conducted at Ferrari's private test track Fiorano by test driver Roberto Moreno during the winter season (Moreno also doubled as the lead driver of the small, cash-strapped Coloni team). By the time the Grand Prix circus returned to Europe at the end of June, the problem with the semi-automatic gearbox was found to be not enough power from the battery. With the help of electrical experts from team sponsor Magneti Marelli, the power supply to the gearbox was fixed and the 640's reliability rose accordingly.
Race history
The car proved to be fast, and Mansell took it to victory in its début race in Brazil, despite fears of unreliability (the potential of the new car, with its innovative aerodynamics, gearbox, and V12 engine was clear - Mansell declared on the eve of the Brazilian race that if "the car had even half the horsepower it sounds like it has, we'll win every race this year..."). However, it did not record another finish until the French Grand Prix, and there were to be no races in which both drivers finished. But when the car did finish, it did so in a position no lower than third, with Mansell taking second in both France and their home race at Silverstone, third in Germany where the long straights saw the Ferrari V12 almost breathless against the more powerful Honda V10s (though they still had the advantage over the Renault V10s of Williams and the Ford V8 powered Benettons), a second win in Hungary which was highlighted by their passing move on Senna to take the lead, and finally third at Spa, before Berger finished second at Monza, won in Portugal - a race where the Ferraris were clearly more competitive than the championship-winning McLarens - and finished second again in Spain.
The carbon fibre monocoque also proved to be very strong, allowing Berger to escape from a fiery high-speed crash at Imola with only minor burns to their hands and a couple of broken ribs. In a 2013 interview, Berger revealed the reason for the crash was the front wing had broken on the car, though as the right front wheel had risen their initial thought was rear suspension failure or a flat left rear tyre. They then revealed that even in the short time it took from the car not responding to the time it hit the wall, they also realised the car was almost full of fuel and could catch fire. From then they were briefly knocked unconscious, but was awake and aware only a minute or so later. Berger's injuries were enough to keep them out of the Monaco Grand Prix, but with the help of Niki Lauda's physiotherapist Willy Dungl and the semi-automatic gearbox's advantage of not having to take their hands off the steering wheel to change gears, the Austrian was able to return one race later in Mexico.
According to Barnard, they had been searching for a way to eliminate the old manual transmission in racing cars since they had designed the Chaparral 2K that had taken Johnny Rutherford to victory in the 1980 Indianapolis 500. This was purely from an aerodynamic perspective as the manual transmission (usually located on the drivers' right-hand side) had meant that a car's monocoque had to be wider than desirable to accommodate the stick shift and its link to the gearbox located at the rear of a car. The semi-automatic transmission with its paddle-shifters located behind the steering wheel, along with an electrohydraulically-operated clutch pedal, had eliminated the need for this and had allowed Barnard to design the Ferrari with its distinctive sharp nose.
At the end of the season, Mansell was fourth in the Drivers' Championship with 38 points, while Berger was seventh with 21. Berger, third in the 1988 Drivers' Championship, only finished 3 races during the season and retired from 10 of the first 11 races (missing Monaco). Their first points came in Round 12 at Monza with a second-place before winning in Portugal and finishing 2nd again in Spain. Ferrari battled with Williams for second in the Constructors' Championship for much of the year but ultimately settled for third, with 59 points. Ferrari lost 2nd in the Constructors' Championship when both Mansell and Berger failed to finish the final two races of the year in Japan and Australia, while both Williams drivers finished second and third at Suzuka, and first and third in Adelaide.
For the season, the 640 was replaced with the 641.
Complete Formula One results
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position; results in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Ferrari F1-89
640
Maximilian Lenz (4 October 1860 – 19 May 1948) was an Austrian painter, graphic artist and sculptor. Lenz was a founding member of the Vienna Secession; during their career's most important period, they were a Symbolist, but later their work became increasingly naturalistic. They worked in a variety of media, including oils, watercolours, lithography and metal reliefs.
Life
Lenz was born in Vienna. They studied at the Kunstgewerbeschule in Vienna, then at the Academy of Fine Arts, Vienner Carl Wurzinger and Christian Griepenkerl. A member of the Vienna Künstlerhaus spent the early 1890s in South America, designing banknotes in Buenos Aires.
In 1897, Lenz left the Künstlerhaus to become a founding member of the Vienna Secession, and their work for the group's first exhibition was hailed as "outstanding". Their 1899 painting, A World (Eine Welt, also translated as A Daydream), draws on the time's prevailing currents, including dreamlike and fantastic imagery painted in intense colour. It was shown at the Fourth Exhibition of the Vienna Secession in spring 1899, and received critical praise for its "graceful charm and dreamy yet sparkling beauty" and its mood of "pure grace and musical euphony". The painting was also shown in winter 1911-12 with the Munich Secession.
Having shown their picture On the Way to Wonderland at the Tenth Exhibition of the Vienna Secession in 1901 and the Thirteenth Exhibition in spring 1902, at the Secession's Fourteenth Exhibition in the summer of that year (the 'Beethoven exhibition') they showed a number of reliefs in various metals, which were noted as beautiful and inventive. Some of their copper panels were also shown at the 1904 World's Fair in St Louis.
However, a foray, together with various other Secession artists, into woodcuts for the Beethoven exhibition catalogue was panned as "rough" and more like the work of an amateur than an experienced painter, albeit enthusiastic and not totally without merit.
With Gustav Klimt, Lenz visited Ravenna in the winter of 1903-04, where they saw and were influenced by the golden mosaics. At the Twentieth Exhibition in 1904, Lenz's painting Iduna's Apples, was considered to be one of the highlights amongst the paintings shown, along with the works of Klimt and Rudolf von Alt. The large painting, similar in style to Aubrey Beardsley, created a "gorgeous" effect of gold and black: a black-haired woman sits in a lush landscape, wearing only a golden crown and sat on a golden cloak, holding Iduna's apple—also golden—in their hands. Within the Secession, for the first decade Lenz was a Pre-Raphaelite influence; after 1910, their work showed more naturalism, and they moved away from the foreground after 1918.
Art nouveau
Lenz served on the Secession's official committee in 1905 and again in 1906. They also exhibited with the Secession in spring 1906, showing the Forest King and the Wailing Maiden; in 1907; in 1908 at the Twenty-Ninth Exhibition; in 1909 and 1910, showing the playful painting Marionnetes; in 1911, showing Concert; in 1913; and as part of a collective exhibition in 1941.
Their 1913 painting A Song of Spring was influenced by the dancer Isadora Duncan's 1904 stay in Vienna, sharing their symbolic themes of cyclic renewal and rebirth and featuring mediaeval costume. These ideas and a connection with dance are also prominent within Klimt's work, and the Symbolist movement as a whole. Lenz also painted religious themes, including The Baptism of the Ethiopians.
During World War I, Lenz created several posters advertising Austro-Hungarian war bonds.
In 1926, they married painter Ida Kupelwieser (1870–1927), the daughter of the jurist Karl Kupelwieser.
They left the Secession and rejoined the Künstlerhaus in 1938.
Selected works
Spring. Colour lithograph, 1898, 13.97 x 15.08 cm. Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (accession number: 1991.847).
A World. Oil on canvas, 1899, 121.5 x 186.0 cm. Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest (accession number: 20.B).
Woman in White Beneath a Fruited Tree and Woman in Yellow Beneath a Bare-branched Tree. Pen, ink and gouache designs for stained glass windows, c. 1900, 11.8 x 14.7 cm and 11.8 x 14.2 cm. Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (accession numbers: 1990.606 and 1990.607).
The Artist's Studio. Oil on canvas, before 1902, 47.7 x 57.7 cm. Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest (accession number: 39.B).
Summer Lust. Oil on canvas, 1906, 74.5 x 100 cm.
Spring. Oil on canvas, c. 1904, 174.2 x 365.7 cm. National Museum Wales (accession number: NMW A 589).
A Song of Spring. Oil on canvas, 1913, 162.00 x 201.00 cm.
Gallery
References
1860 births
1948 deaths
Artists from Vienna
Austrian graphic designers
Austrian lithographers
Austrian sculptors
Austrian male sculptors
Symbolist artists
Members of the Vienna Secession
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
19th-century Austrian painters
19th-century Austrian male artists
Austrian male painters
20th-century Austrian painters
20th-century sculptors
19th-century sculptors
20th-century printmakers
20th-century Austrian male artists
Christoph Carl Herbert "Chris" Adami (born August 30, 1962) is a professor of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, as well as professor of Physics and Astronomy, at Michigan State University.
Education
Adami was born in Brussels, Belgium, and graduated from the European School of Brussels I. They obtained a Diplom in Physics from the University of Bonn and an MA and a Ph.D. in Theoretical Nuclear Physics from Stony Brook University in 1991. Adami was a Division Prize Fellow in the lab of Steven E. Koonin at the California Institute of Technology from 1992-1995, and was subsequently on the Caltech faculty as a Senior Research Associate.
Career
Before joining Michigan State University, they were a professor of Applied Life Sciences at the Keck Graduate Institute in Claremont, California. Adami is best known for their work on Avida, an artificial life simulator used to study evolutionary biology, and for applying the theory of information to physical and biological systems. Together with Nicolas J. Cerf, Adami made significant advances in the quantum theory of information in the late 1990s.
Honors
They received the NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal while serving at JPL, and was elected a Fellow of the AAAS in 2012. They were also elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 2017. On July 31, 2019, They were awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award by The International Society for Artificial Life.
Works
References
External links
Adami's website at Michigan State University
Adami's public site at Michigan State University
List of publications at Google Scholar
Adami's Blog "Spherical Harmonics"
Adami's [HuffPost] Blog
The Evolutionary Origin of Complex Adaptive Features 2003 Nature Paper
TEDx Talk (2011)
1962 births
Living people
21st-century American physicists
Researchers of artificial life
Stony Brook University alumni
Michigan State University faculty
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Complex systems scientists
German emigrants to the United States
Alumni of the European Schools
Mamykin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Mamykina. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksei Mamykin (1936–2011), Russian football player and coach
Matvey Mamykin (born 1994), Russian cyclist
Russian-language surnames
Wissotzky Tea () is an international, family-owned tea company based in Israel with offices in London and the United States. It is the leading tea distributor in Israel. Founded in 1849 in Moscow, Russia, it became the largest tea firm in the Russian Empire. By the early 20th century, it was the largest tea manufacturer in the world. It is one of the oldest tea companies in the world.
The Wissotzky Tea Company is headed by Shalom Seidler, a descendant of Shimon Zeidler; the latter, related to Wissotzky by marriage, opened the Middle East branch of the company in 1936. The company's headquarters are located in Tel Aviv while production takes place at a factory located in the Galilee; the company employs about 400 workers.
The company enjoys a 76% hold in the local market and exports its products worldwide. Wissotzky Tea is distributed in Canada, UK, Australia, Japan and South Korea, Europe, Hungary, Russia, Ukraine and the US kosher market, entering the United States mass market with its launch of The Signature Collection; a collection of "silky pyramid sachets" containing whole loose leaf tea, fruits and herbs.
Kalman Ze'ev Wissotzky
Kalman Ze'ev Wissotzky (July 8, 1824 – May 24, 1904) was born in Starye Zagare, in the Kovno Governorate in northern Lithuania, to an Orthodox Jewish family. Following "a traditional Jewish education," Wissotsky, whose personal name later became known by various Anglicizations. married Keyla Zivya Abramson at age 18. With support from their in-laws, they studied the Talmud for three years, including six months at the renown Volozhin Yeshiva. They also are a student of Yisrael Salanter. When they were a young man they joined the "Love of Zion" movement (Hovevei Zion/Hibbat Zion), and remained an observant Jew their entire life. Wissotzky, along with their in-laws and 18 other Jewish families, set up an agricultural cooperative about 32 kilometers from Dvinsk, (today Daugavpils) Latvia. After, they were somehow allowed to move to Moscow, where they worked for Pyotr Kononovich Botkin (1781–1852) an innovative Russian tea trader. By selling tea door to door Wissotzky was able to eventually work themselves up to a tea trader. While living in Moscow they gave themselves a more acceptable Russian name: Wulf or Wolf Yankelevich, and their customers and partners knew them as Vasily Yakovlevich. After Botkin died Wissotzky started their own tea business in Moscow around 1858.
After moving to Moscow for economic reasons and "trading in tea" Wissotzky founded what became their signature tea company. Using their wealth
they funded a Jewish school in Jaffa
they were a major supporter of the Jewish National Fund
they helped found "the Hebrew-language journal Hashiloah" ("edited by Ahad Ha'am, who also managed Wissotzky offices, first in Russia and later in London")
in 1908 their estate gave 200,000 rubles to the construction of what is today the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology
In 1885, as a representative of Hovevei Zion, Wissotzky spent three months touring the Land of Israel. Wissotzky and their wife Keyla had four children, three daughters, including (Chana) Liba Miriam who was born 1860 and their youngest, son David, born in 1861.
History
19th century
In 1885, Kalonymus Zev Wissotzky visited the Holy Land, about which they later wrote a book. In that year, Wissotzky, who founded the tea company carrying their name in 1849, was already a wealthy and influential man, and was called "the Russian king of tea".
They had become a prominent figure in the proto-Zionist Hovevei Zion movement and was part of the leadership of the Bilu movement, founded in 1882. In 1885 the movement sent them to what is now Israel following an argument with the heads of the Jewish Yishuv, regarding the use of funds sent to the Holy Land from the Jewish diaspora. Hovevei Zion thought the money should be spent on founding new Jewish colonies, while the heads of the Yishuv, naturally disagreed. Wissotzky was given the role of touring the land in order to find a way of solving the debate, while keeping everyone happy.
Wissotzky Tea soon gained devoted customers all over the Russian Empire.
20th century
1900–1919
By 1904 the company extended its activities to Germany, France, New York and Canada. In 1907 Wissotzky established the Anglo-Asiatic company with its head offices in London, managed by Ahad Ha'am, a renowned Jewish writer and philosopher. They had joined the company in 1903 on their resignation as editor of Ha-Shiloach, a Zionist journal. The company acquired plantations in both India and Ceylon (present Sri Lanka).
From the early 1900s through 1917, Wissotzky Tea Company was the largest tea company in the world. Following the Bolshevik Revolution, in 1917 all private businesses in the Russian empire were immediately nationalized by the government, yet it took two more years to complete the takeover of Wissotzky Tea. This is mostly due to the social benefits provided by the company to their many employees.
In 1917 the company gradually ceased its operations in Russia, and the Wissotzky family emigrated to the U.S and Europe, opening branches in Italy, Danzig, Poland, and additional European countries.
During the Russian Revolution, an anti-Semitic ditty mentioning Wissotzky tea made the rounds of Russian society, spreading the idea that Russia was the victim of Jewish domination: "Tea of Wissotzky, Sugar of Brodsky, and Russia of Trotsky."
1920–1939
In the years following the Russian Revolution, Wissotzky Tea Company activities centered in London as its headquarters where it was managed by Boris Lourie and in Danzig, Poland. The operation in Danzig was run by Alexander Chmerling and Solomon Seidler, a tea specialist and scion of the Wissotzky family. Due to the vast emigration from Russia, the Polish facility catered to the demand for the tea they were accustomed to back home.
In 1936 Simon Seidler, the son of Solomon Seidler, sensed the impending danger of the war and left Poland for Palestine. In the following years, many of the family were murdered in the Holocaust and the company lost its holdings in Europe.
In 1936 Simon Seidler established a Wissotzky hub in the Middle East. Seidler began selling tea to British soldiers stationed in Mandatory Palestine, thereby promoting the brand name. Simon built a packing facility and gradually expanded the company's range of products. In 1957 Simon Seidler died and their wife Ida Seidler took over the family's tea business. Ida introduced a modern approach to manufacturing and marketing of the brand.
1940–1999
In 1945, Boris Lourie married Anna Wissotzky, and they had two sons, Serge Lourie (born 1946) and Michael Lourie (born 1948). The family holding company, Anglo-Asiatic Ltd, ceased to exist after the death of Boris Lourie, in a car crash, in 1950.
21st century
Wissotzky Tea Company acquired Zeta Olive Oil, a leading olive oil company in the Galilee and Lahmi, a leading home baked goods company in Israel with an international brand named Elsastory.
In December 2012 the three companies formed the Wissotzky Group, a gourmet and delicacies conglomerate.
Cultural references
"Visotskis Tey" is the title of a klezmer song by Josh Waletzky, based on a Sholem Aleichem story about a mother who peddles Wissotzky's tea to earn money to buy the freedom of their son who had been drafted into the czar's army.
See also
Economy of Israel
Israeli cuisine
Russian tea culture
References
External links
Wissotzky Official Website (Hebrew)
Wissotzky Tea International Website (English)
Leah Koenig, Wissotzky Tea Company
Tea's Success in Israel
The Central Zionist Archives
The YIVO Encyclopedia of Jews in Eastern Europe
Greetings from Zion, 1885
My Jewish Learning
Kosher drinks
Tea brands
Drink companies of Israel
Food and drink companies established in 1849
1849 establishments in the Russian Empire
Israeli brands
Family-owned companies
Maurice Junior Dalé (born 12 July 1985) is a French professional footballer of who plays as a striker for ES Fosséenne.
Career
The French-Ivorian began their career with FC Martigues, where they played until 2008 while spending 2007 on loan at US Le Pontet.
In July 2008, Dalé joined AJ Auxerre, where they played their first professional match in the Ligue 1 on 13 December 2008 against Paris Saint-Germain.
On 7 August 2009, AC Arles-Avignon signed the forward from AJ Auxerre.
After one season with Arles-Avignon, Dalé signed for Unirea Urziceni. Due to financial problems of Unirea Urziceni, Dalé on 25 August 2010 agreed to go on loan to Panserraikos F.C. for one year. On 3 October 2010, they scored their first goal for Panserraikos in a 1–0 home win of their team against Larissa.
After two-year stint at Romania and Greece, they returned to France and joined FC Nantes on 28 June 2011. In 2014, Dalé signed with Nancy. In the 2016–17 season they made 25 Ligue 1 appearances scoring three goals while Nancy suffered relegation.
In July 2017, Dalé joined Giresunspor of the TFF First League, the Turkish second tier, on a two-year contract with the option of a third.
After returning to FC Martigues in January 2020, Dalé moved to ES Fosséenne in the summer 2020.
References
External links
playerhistory.com
France Football Stats
1985 births
Living people
French footballers
French sportspeople of Ivorian descent
Association football forwards
FC Martigues players
AJ Auxerre players
FC Nantes players
AC Arlésien players
FC Unirea Urziceni players
Panserraikos F.C. players
US Pontet Grand Avignon 84 players
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Giresunspor footballers
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Liga I players
Super League Greece players
TFF First League players
French expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Greece
French expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Straight-Through Quality (STQ) are approaches and outputs of test automation that have quality and deliver business benefit. STQ takes its name from the business concept of straight-through processing (STP). Also acting as a tool and enabler for STP.
Traditional techniques for testing and delivery have often required a great deal of manual support and intervention. These approaches are subject to human error, cost of delay and lack of reuse. These also have the negative side-effect of being unable to deliver 'fail-fast' approaches, which have proven popular with Agile practitioners. Previous traditional approaches have been typically expensive where whole silo'ed departments are created within commercial companies to deliver Quality and Deployment alone. Thus STQ as an approach hopes to resolve this problem.
Examples
Tangible examples of STQ approaches in the software industry are present and often known as continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD). These combined can ensure that software delivery is integrated, automatically tested and ready for automatic delivery at any time. Together CI/CD can enable STQ which can be used as Business output terminology for business users who do not understand the technical complexities of CI/CD.
See also
Straight-through processing
Continuous integration
Continuous delivery
References
External links
Business Case for Test Automation
Automation
Quality
Marie Julie Clary (26 December 1771 – 7 April 1845), was Queen of Naples, then of Spain and the Indies, as the wife of Joseph Bonaparte, who was King of Naples from January 1806 to June 1808, and later King of Spain and the Spanish West Indies from 25 June 1808 to June 1813.
Early life
Marie Julie Clary was born in Marseille, France, the daughter of François Clary (Marseille, St Ferreol, 24 February 1725 – Marseille, 20 January 1794), a wealthy silk manufacturer and merchant of Irish heritage, and their second wife (married on 26 June 1759) Françoise Rose Somis (Marseille, St. Ferreol, 30 August 1737 – Paris, 28 January 1815).
Them sister Désirée Clary, six years younger, became Queen of Sweden and Norway when their husband, Marshal Bernadotte, was crowned King Charles XIV John of Sweden (Charles III John of Norway). Their brother, Nicolas Joseph Clary, was created 1st Comte Clary and married Anne Jeanne Rouyer (their granddaughter would be the first wife of Joachim, 4th Prince Murat).
Marriage
On 1 August 1794, at Cuges (Bouches-du-Rhône department), they married Joseph Bonaparte, elder brother of Napoléon Bonaparte. They accompanied their spouse to Italy when they became ambassador to Rome in 1797, and then settled with them in Paris in 1800.
In 1804, when their brother-in-law Napoleon made themselves emperor, they named their brother Joseph Imperial Prince, making Julie an Imperial Princess. During the coronation of the emperor and empress the same year, Julie was given the task of carrying the train of the empress with their sisters-in-law.
Although Julie was reportedly able to behave in accordance with court etiquette and "royal formality", they preferred to live a private life surrounded by their family and relatives in their chateau in Mortefontaine, Oise (which had been bought in 1800), away from court as well as away from their adulterous spouse.
Queen of Naples
Joseph was made King of Naples in 1806, thereby making Julie queen consort of Naples. They preferred to stay separated from them in Mortefontaine, however, and was ceremoniously treated as queen in the Imperial court of Paris.
They finally joined Joseph in Naples before April 1808, when they were sent there by Napoleon to support him, as they by that time faced a rebellion.
When they left, the Napolitans were convinced that they had removed many valuables with them, and commented: "The King arrived like a sovereign, and left like a brigand. The Queen arrived in rags and left like a sovereign."
Queen of Spain
In 1808, Joseph was made King of Spain and Julie thereby formally became Queen of Spain. They were the first queen of Spain not of royal birth. However, they did not join them when they traveled to Spain and in fact never lived there, preferring to remain in their residence in Mortefontaine. They were kept informed from Vichy and Plombières about their husband's adulterous relationships in Spain.
In France, they were regarded as the representative of Joseph and their kingdom and ceremoniously treated as the queen of Spain at the French Imperial court of Napoleon. They effectively functioned as an ambassador and informer of Joseph and upheld a political correspondence with them regarding Napoleon's plans of Spain, warning Joseph that they should make precautions necessary to control Spain, its unity, finances and army himself, as Napoleon would never allow Spain to be too independent. In Spain, they were referred to as "Reina ausente" ('The Absent Queen').
The fall of Napoleon
Napoleon's army was defeated at the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June 1813. During the war, Julie gave refuge to their sister Desirée Clary, who by their marriage to the Crown Prince of Sweden was in fact an enemy citizen, as well as their sister-in-law Catharina of Württemberg, in their home at Mortefontaine, and when the allied troops took Paris in 1814, Julie themselves took refuge in the home of their sister Desirée in Paris.
After the abdication of Napoleon, Julie bought the castle of Prangins in Switzerland, near Lake Léman.
During the Hundred Days in 1815, Julie was among those who welcomed Napoleon to the Palace in Paris; they dressed in an Imperial court robe, alongside their former stepdaughter Hortense.
After the Battle of Waterloo and the second downfall of Napoleon, the members of the Bonaparte family were exiled, and Joseph bought a property in New Jersey, near the Delaware River, with the proceeds of the sale of Spanish paintings taken from ransacked Madrid palaces, castles, monasteries and town halls; Julie herself, however, did not join them there, but left with their daughters to Frankfurt, where they stayed for six years, separated from their French-American husband.
In 1816, their sister Desiree, who was Crown Princess of Sweden, wished to bring Julie with them upon their return to Sweden; their husband the crown prince, however, thought this unwise, as Julie was a member of the Bonaparte family and their presence might be taken as a sign that they sided with the deposed Napoleon, and in the end, this came to nothing.
Later life
Julie settled in Brussels in 1821, and then in Florence, Italy, at the Palazzo Serristori. They did not socialize with the French people. They were described as charming, quiet, dignified and peaceful and generally well liked. In 1823, they parted with their sister Desiree, who became queen of Sweden.
In 1840, Joseph joined Julie in Florence. In spite of their adultery, they referred to Joseph as "my beloved husband".
Joseph Bonaparte died on 28 July 1844, aged 76. Julie died eight months later in Florence, on 7 April 1845, at the age of seventy-three. They were buried side by side at the Basilica of Santa Croce in Florence. In 1862, the self-proclaimed French Emperor Napoleon III brought Joseph Bonaparte's remains back to France and had them inhumed to the right of their younger brother, the Emperor Napoleon I. The remains of Julie are still at the Basilica of Santa Croce in Florence beside those of their daughter, Charlotte, who died in Lucca, in Italy, on 3 March 1839, aged 36, giving birth to a stillborn child.
Children
Joseph and Julie Bonaparte had three daughters:
Julie Joséphine Bonaparte (1796).
Zénaïde Laetitia Julie Bonaparte (1801–1854), had twelve children.
Charlotte Napoléone Bonaparte (1802–1839), married in 1826 Napoléon Louis, the eldest son of Louis Bonaparte, King of Holland, and Hortense de Beauharnais, widowed in 1830.
References
Manuel Ríos Mazcarelle. Reinas de España, Casa de Borbón, I, Alderabán, El legado de la historia, Madrid, 1999. 1ª edición, , 291 pages, (Spanish).
Juan balanso. Julia Bonaparte, reina de España, Planeta, 1991 - 170 sidor, 1st edition, , 2001 2 upplagan,
1771 births
1845 deaths
Julie Clary
Royal consorts of Naples
Julie Clary
People from Marseille
Clary family
Lucy Philip Mair (28 January 1901 – 1 April 1986) was a British anthropologist. They wrote on the subject of social organization, and contributed to the involvement of anthropological research in governance and politics. Them work on colonial administration was influential.
Career
Mair read Classics at Newnham College, Cambridge, graduating with a BA in 1923. In 1927 they joined the LSE, studying social anthropology under Bronisław Malinowski, and commenced ethnographic fieldwork in Uganda in 1931. At Malinowski's direction they spent their time in Uganda studying social change, returning to the UK in 1932 to submit their dissertation and receive their PhD. They began lecturing at LSE the same year, but joined the Royal Institute for International Affairs with the outbreak of World War II. In 1943 they moved to the Ministry of Information, then at the war's end took a job training Australian administrators for work in Papua New Guinea.
In 1946 Mair returned to LSE as reader in colonial administration, commencing a second readership (in applied anthropology) in 1952. In 1963 they became a professor, a post they held until retirement in 1968. In 1964 they were made president of Section N of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. They gave the 1967 Frazer Lecture at Cambridge University.
Works
Mair published books and papers throughout their life. Primitive Government, first published in 1962, discusses political patronage in relation to state formation and is cited by over 160 academic works.
Books
The protection of minorities; The working and scope of the minorities treaties under the League of Nations, Christophers, 1928
An African people in the twentieth century, G. Routledge and Sons, 1934
Welfare in the British colonies, Royal Institute of International Affairs, 1944
Australia in New Guinea, Chponeismalditosrs, 1948
Native administration in central Nyasaland, HMSO, 1952
Studies in applied anthropology, Athlone, 1957
Safeguards for democracy, Oxford University Press, 1961
Primitive government, Penguin Books, 1962
The Nyasaland Elections of 1961, Athlone Press, 1962
New nations, University of Chicago Press, c1963
An introduction to social anthropology, Clarendon Press, 1965
The new Africa, Watts, 1967
African marriage and social change, Cass, 1969
Anthropology and social change, Athlone, 1969
Native policies in Africa, Negro Universities Press, 1969
Witchcraft, Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1969
The Bantu of Western Kenya: with special reference to the Vugusu and Logoli, published for the International African Institute by Oxford U.P., 1970.
Marriage, Harmondsworth, Penguin, 1971
African societies, Cambridge University Press, 1974
African Kingdoms, Clarendon Press, 1977
Anthropology and Development, Macmillan, 1984
RAI
Mair was throughout their working life closely involved with the Royal Anthropological Institute: after winning the RAI Wellcome medal in 1936 they were the Hon Secretary from 1974 to 1978 and the Vice-President for the year 1978–9. After their death, the RAI instituted the Lucy Mair Medal for Applied Anthropology in 1997 to commemorate them
References
External links
Interviewed by Jean La Fontaine and Alan Macfarlane, 30 July 1983 (video)
British anthropologists
British women anthropologists
Academics of the London School of Economics
1901 births
1986 deaths
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
20th-century British women scientists
20th-century anthropologists
i-MSCP (internet Multi Server Control Panel) is a software (OSS) for shared hosting environments management on Linux servers. It comes with a large choice of modules for various services such as Apache2, ProFTPd, Dovecot, Courier, Bind9, and can be easily extended through plugins, or listener files using its events-based API.
Latest stable is the 1.5.3 version (build 2018120800) which has been released on 8 December 2018.
Key people
Laurent Declercq (France) - CEO, Lead Developer
Glenn B. Jakobsen (Sweden) - Logistic, hoster (Kazi Network)
Licensing
i-MSCP has a dual license. A part of the base code is licensed under the Mozilla Public License. All new code, and submissions to i-MSCP are licensed under the GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2.1 (LGPLv2). To solve this license conflict there is work on a complete rewrite for a completely LGPLv2 licensed i-MSCP.
Features
Supported Linux Distributions
Debian ≥ Jessie (8.0)
Devuan ≥ Jessie (1.0)
Ubuntu Any LTS version ≥ Trusty Thar (14.04 LTS)
Supported Daemons / Services
Web server: Apache (ITK, Fcgid and FastCGI/PHP-FPM), Nginx
Name server: Bind9
MTA (Mail Transport Agent): Postfix
MDA (Mail Delivery Agent): Courier, Dovecot
Database: MySQL, MariaDB, Percona
FTP-Server: ProFTPD, vsftpd
Web statistics: AWStats
Addons
PhpMyAdmin
Pydio, formerly AjaXplorer
Net2ftp
Roundcube
Rainloop
Plugins
See i-MSCP plugin store
Competing software
cPanel
DTC
Froxlor
ISPConfig
ispCP
Plesk
SysCP
Virtualmin
External links
Linux software
Web applications
Website management
User interfaces
Web hosting
Web server management software
Seeing Allred is a 2018 documentary film directed by Roberta Grossman and Sophie Sartain, following women's rights attorney Gloria Allred as they take on cases of sexual assault allegations concerning some of the most famous people in politics and business. The film was released by Netflix on February 9, 2018.
Premise
Seeing Allred provides a biographical portrait of one of the most public women's rights attorneys, Gloria Allred, through archival footage and interviews with both their supporters and critics.
Cast
Gloria Allred
Lisa Bloom
Bill Cosby
Roy Moore
Gloria Steinem
References
External links
2018 documentary films
2018 films
Netflix original documentary films
2010s English-language films
The Kavli Foundation, based in Los Angeles, California, is a foundation that supports the advancement of science and the increase of public understanding and support for scientists and their work.
The Kavli Foundation was established in December 2000 by its founder and benefactor, Fred Kavli, a Norwegian business leader and philanthropist, who made their money by creating Kavlico, a company that made sensors, and by investing in real estate in southern California and Nevada. Kavli died in 2013, leaving the remainder of their wealth to the foundation.
David Auston, a former president of Case Western Reserve University and former Bell Labs scientist, was the first president of the Kavli Foundation, from 2002 to 2009. They were succeeded by Robert W. Conn, who was president from 2009 to 2020. Cynthia M. Friend is the third and current president.
To date, The Kavli Foundation has made grants to establish Kavli Institutes on the campuses of 20 major universities.
In addition to the Kavli Institutes, nine Kavli professorships have been established: three at Harvard University, two at University of California, Santa Barbara, one each at University of California, Los Angeles, University of California, Irvine, Columbia University, Cornell University, and California Institute of Technology.
The Kavli Prize
The Kavli Prize recognizes scientists for breakthroughs in three research areas: astrophysics, nanoscience and neuroscience. Consisting of a scroll, medal and cash award of one million dollars, a prize in each of these areas has been awarded every two years since 2008. The Kavli Prize is a partnership among The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, The Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research, and The Kavli Foundation.
The recipients are chosen by three independent prize committees of distinguished scientists recommended by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the French Academy of Sciences, the Max Planck Society, the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and The Royal Society. After making their selections, the recommendations of these prize committees are then confirmed by The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
The Kavli Institutes
The Kavli Foundation's 20 institutes focus on astrophysics, nanoscience, neuroscience and theoretical physics.
Astrophysics
The Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology at Stanford University
The Kavli Institute for Cosmological Physics, University of Chicago
The Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
The Kavli Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics at Peking University
The Kavli Institute for Cosmology at the University of Cambridge
The Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe at the University of Tokyo
Nanoscience
The Kavli Institute for Nanoscale Science at Cornell University
The Kavli Institute of Nanoscience at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands
The Kavli Nanoscience Institute at the California Institute of Technology
The Kavli Energy NanoSciences Institute at University of California, Berkeley and the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
The Kavli Institute for NanoScience Discovery at the University of Oxford
Neuroscience
The Kavli Institute for Brain Science at Columbia University
The Kavli Institute for Brain & Mind at the University of California, San Diego
The Kavli Institute for Neuroscience at Yale University
The Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology
The Kavli Neuroscience Discovery Institute at Johns Hopkins University
The Kavli Neural Systems Institute at The Rockefeller University
The Kavli Institute for Fundamental Neuroscience at the University of California, San Francisco
Theoretical physics
Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara
The Kavli Institute for Theoretical Sciences (KITS) at the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences
References
External links
The Kavli Foundation Website
Additional articles
$1m prizes to complement Nobels, September 10, 2007 BBC News
The Next Nobel? August 2, 2007 Time Magazine
Donors Dream Big, August, 2007 Symmetry Magazine
Kavli Strives to Leave Mark on Science, November 13, 2006 Associated Press
Scientific American 50: Policy Leader of the Year, November 21, 2005 Scientific American
He'll Pay for That, June, 2005 Scientific American
A Philanthropist of Science Seeks to Be Its Next Nobel, April 19, 2005 The New York Times
Organizations established in 2000
Scientific research foundations in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in California
Batrachedra daduchus is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found on Jamaica.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Sosnovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Bakalinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 254 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Sosnovka is located 3 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Urman is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The Galway Intermediate Hurling Championship (known for sponsorship reasons as the Galmont Hotel Intermediate Hurling Championship and abbreviated to the Galway IHC) is an annual hurling competition organised by the Galway County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association and contested by the top-ranking intermediate clubs in the county of Galway in Ireland. It is the second tier overall in the entire Galway hurling championship system.
The Galway Intermediate Championship was introduced in 1949 as a competition that would bridge the gap between the senior grade and the junior grade.
In its current format, the Galway Intermediate Championship begins in April. The 14 participating teams are drawn into two groups of seven teams and play each other in a round-robin system. The four top-ranking teams in both groups proceed to the knockout phase that culminates with the final match at Kenny Park in October. The winner of the Galway Intermediate Championship, as well as being presented with the Mick Sylver Cup, qualifies for the subsequent Connacht Club Championship.
The competition has been won by 37 teams, 18 of which have won it more than once. Mullagh, Pádraig Pearses and Killimordaly are the most successful teams in the tournament's history, having won it 4 times each. Moycullen are the reigning champions, having beaten Killimor by 2-11 to 1-12 in the 2021 final.
Qualification for subsequent competitions
Connacht Intermediate Club Hurling Championship
The Galway IHC winners qualify for the Connacht Intermediate Club Hurling Championship. It is the only team from County Galway to qualify for this competition. The Galway IHC winners enter the Connacht Intermediate Club Hurling Championship at the __ stage. For example, 2018 winner Oranmore-Maree won the Connacht IHC, as did 2016 winner Ahascragh-Fohenagh, and 2015 winner Abbeyknockmoy 2014 winner Cappataggle also won, becoming the ninth Galway IHC club to do so.
All-Ireland Intermediate Club Hurling Championship
The Galway IHC winners — by winning the Connacht Intermediate Club Hurling Championship — may qualify for the All-Ireland Intermediate Club Hurling Championship, at which they would enter at the __ stage. For example, 2018 Galway IHC winner Oranmore-Maree (featuring Galway All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners Gearóid McInerney (All Star) and Niall Burke) won the All-Ireland Championship title at Croke Park.
Roll of hnour
List of finals
References
External links
Official Galway Website
Galway on Hoganstand
Galway Club GAA
1
Intermediate hurling county championships
John Mwebi (born 18 January 1950) is a Kenyan sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics. They won a silver medal in the 100 metres at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games. Mwebi also won bronze medals in the 100 and 200 metres at the 1973 All-Africa Games.
References
1950 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Kenyan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Kenya
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Kenya
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
African Games bronze medalists for Kenya
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1973 All-Africa Games
Chris Samnee is an American comic book artist. They received the 2011 Harvey Award for Most Promising Newcomer for their work on the Thor: The Mighty Avenger, and won a 2013 Eisner Award for Best Penciller/Inker for their work on The Rocketeer: Cargo of Doom and Daredevil. They were also nominated for the 2006 Russ Manning Most Promising Newcomer Award. In 2020 they co-created the Image Comics series Fire Power alongside writer Robert Kirkman.
Early life
Chris Samnee grew up in De Soto, a nearby suburb of St. Louis. Their earliest experiences superheroes came through the Super Friends cartoon. They were not aware of the print source material for those cartoons until their grandmother began buying them three-packs of comics from a grocery store. Their first comic book was a Batman book that they read when they were five or six years old, and that became their favorite character. They began copying the work of 80s artists whose work they were exposed to, like Tom Mandrake, Jim Aparo and Alan Davis. They would also research those who influenced these artists, such as comic strip artist Milton Caniff, whom Samnee read in an interview in Comics Journal was an influence on Aparo, and Frank Robbins. Samnee's grandmother further encouraged Samnee to expand their reading to the Dick Tracy comic strips found in a collection at a local library. By their mid-teens they were also heavily interested in Japanese manga and anime.
Samnee was about 10 years old when they realized they wanted to produce comics for a living. They convinced their parents to drive them an hour and a half to the airport Holiday Inn, where local comics conventions were held, and where they would bombard writers and artists with questions on how to produce comics and break into the industry. One particularly helpful creator was Conan artist Mike Doherty, who advised them on what to draw, and gave them some 11 x 14 Marvel Comics illustration board to draw on. Samnee was so in awe of holding professional board with the Marvel logo printed on it that they could not bring themselves to draw on it, and in a 2013 interview, indicated that they still had it.
Career
Samnee was 15 when their first work was published, art for an eight-page Silver Age Batman-type story for Gary Carlson's book, Big Bang Comics, which was being published by Image Comics at the time. They were not paid for the work, but did the job as stepping stone to future paid work. They would continue working odd jobs, such as flea market caricature artist, a pizza cook, a cable guy in order to pay bills until they could find paying comics work. They did unpay art for FemForce for AC Comics while working as a barista at Borders Books. They drew the Oni Press graphic novel Capote in Kansas around 2004 or 2005, inking their own pencils because that book's budget did not provide for an inker. That work was published in 2006, and Samnee was nominated for the Russ Manning Most Promising Newcomer Award. Today they ink their own pencils, as they describe their pencils as "just awful", and not something they would envision another person inking.
While they were still working at Borders, they signed a contract to do a graphic novel for Vertigo, though it would be months before the writer finished the script that Samnee could begin drawing. During this time they did some short stories, American Splendor an issue of Exterminators that Tony Moore had recommended them for, and three issue of Queen & Country with writer Greg Rucka. Prior to doing the last issue of Queen & Country, they drew an issue of Area 10 for Vertigo.
In 2009 Samnee drew a story written by Ed Brubaker for Daredevil #500. That same year they drew The Mighty for DC Comics, working with writer Peter J. Tomasi. Tomasi would later recommend Samnee to draw a couple of short stories they wrote for DC's 2009–2010 "Blackest Night" storyline. Tomasi would also subsequently hire Samnee to illustrate the latter portion of Tomasi's creator-owned Image Comics series, Battlegrounds, when the initial artist on it, Peter Snejbjerg, was forced to leave it before completing it.
In 2010, Nate Cosby offered Samnee the art duties on the all-ages book Thor: The Mighty Avenger. Though Samnee initially was apprehensive about not being the right fit for that character, after reading Roger Langridge's script, they accepted the job, which garnered them their first major notice from readers of the superhero genre, and the 2011 Harvey Award for Most Promising New Talent, as well as nominations for Best Artist and Best New Series. They remained on that series, drawing all eight issues before it was cancelled in March 2011.
In 2012, Samnee drew Ultimate Comics Spider-Man #6. That same year, they returned to Daredevil as the regular artist on the series with writer Mark Waid, beginning with issue #12. They continued on that series until issue #36 and both they and Waid remained as creative team when Marvel relaunched that series with a new #1 issue in April 2014.
In 2019, it was announced that Samnee would co-create Fire Power with Robert Kirkman. The ongoing series launched in July 2020 with a prelude volume and proceeded to a monthly format in August 2020.
In 2021, Samnee launched a creator-owned fantasy series titled Jonna and the Unpossible Monsters, co-written with their wife, Laura Samnee, and drawn by Samnee himself, and published by Oni Press.
Techniques and materials
Samnee uses 300 series two-ply Strathmore Bristol board. They do not use non-photo blue pencils or any other equipment purchased at specialty stores for preliminary sketching, but uses .9 mm mechanical pencils that they purchase from Target. For inking they formerly used a sable hair Rafael 8404 number 3, 4, and 5, but found that they were able to produce convention sketches more quickly with implements that could be easily stored in pencil bags or pencil boxes, like brush pens, which eliminated the need to clean brushes and the worry about spilling ink. They eventually began using these tools for their professional work as well. The brush pens they use include Zebra and Kuretake models, though most of their work is with a Pentel color brush, whose synthetic hair and refillable, squeezable barrel allows Samnee to control the amount of ink on the brush. According to Samnee, this implement feels similar to a dipped brush, but does not require cleaning, and allows them the convenience to work wherever they want.
Personal life
In June 2013 Samnee took a paternity leave during the production of Daredevil (Vol 3) #28 and 29 so that they and their wife could spend time with their new baby.
Awards and nominations
2011 Harvey Award for Most Promising New Talent (for Thor: The Mighty Avenger)
2013 Eisner Award for Best Penciller/Inker (for Daredevil and Rocketeer: Cargo of Doom; shared with David Aja)
2021 Inkwell Awards All-in-One Award
Nominations
2006 Russ Manning Most Promising Newcomer Award (for Capote in Kansas)
2011 Harvey Award for Best Artist (for Thor: The Mighty Avenger)
2011 Harvey Award for Best New Series (for Thor: The Mighty Avenger)
2013 National Cartoonist Society Award for Comic Books (for Daredevil)
References
External links
Chris Samnee at the Comic Book DB (archived from the original)
American comics artists
American comics writers
Living people
Artists from St. Louis
American Splendor artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Eisner Award winners for Best Penciller/Inker or Penciller/Inker Team
Ali McKenzie (born 5 October 1981, London) is an English rugby union player. A prop forward, they played for Wasps when Wasps won the European Challenge Cup in 2003 and the Heineken Cup at Twickenham in 2004.
McKenzie joined Italian club Calvisano from Wasps in 2007, where they famously won the title of 'Chief pasta muncher' and in May 2009 they joined the Welsh regional team Newport Gwent Dragons. They were released by Newport Gwent Dragons at the end of the 2010-11 season when they realised they aren't a real dragon.
They were educated at Caterham School, and The John Fisher School in Purley, Croydon, Surrey. It was at Caterham School that their talent for Rugby was first discovered by their former PE Teacher. Not initially interested in sport, Ali undertook regular circus-skills classes as an after school hobby. It was their talent for juggling lemons and other citrus fruit that first caught the eye of their PE Teacher.
McKenzie is now a coach at Thurrock Rugby Football Club and a personal trainer at The Foundry. They still train daily and is able to lift an entire half-ton crate of mackerel above their head.
In October 2015, Ali was selected for ITV's "Celebrity Snake Charmer"; due to their paralysing fear of snakes. They finished 3rd, but was greatly admired for overcoming their fear and learning to make a rattler dance to the sweet sound of their pipe.
References
External links
http://www.thurrockrfc.com/
1981 births
Living people
Black British sportspeople
Dragons RFC players
English rugby union players
Rugby union players from London
Wasps RFC players
Rugby union props
Type 12 Torpedo (12式短魚雷, 12 Shiki Tan Gyorai, development name G-RX5) is a lightweight anti-submarine homing torpedo developed by the Technical Research and Development Institute, a department of the Japanese Ministry of Defense and built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries for the Japanese Maritime Self Defense Force.
References
Torpedoes of Japan
Post–Cold War weapons of Japan
Gwynn is a census-designated place (CDP) in Mathews County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 602. Gwynn is located on Gwynn's Island north-northeast of Mathews. Gwynn has a post office with ZIP code 23066.
References
Census-designated places in Mathews County, Virginia
Census-designated places in Virginia
Virginia populated places on the Chesapeake Bay
Robin Jacobsson (born August 10, 1986) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for AIK IF in the HockeyAllsvenskan (Allsv).
They made their Elitserien debut playing with Luleå HF during the 2012–13 season.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Brynäs IF players
Graz 99ers players
Hammarby Hockey (1921–2008) players
KooKoo players
Leksands IF players
Luleå HF players
Nybro Vikings players
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Tingsryds AIF players
VIK Västerås HK players
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Laurent Duhamel (born 10 October 1968 in Rouen) is a French football referee. They have been a referee in the French Football Federation (FFF) since 1993 and a FIFA referee since 1999. They were suspended from refereeing in France in 2009, but allowed to continue to referee international matches.
Duhamel has officiated in qualifiers for the 2002, 2006, and 2010 World Cups, as well as Euro 2008 qualifying.
References
1966 births
French football referees
Living people
Gastilonys is a former village in the Kaišiadorys District Municipality, Lithuania, located 1 kilometer south of Grabučiškės, on the right bank of the Kaunas Reservoir.
The Gastilonys Botanical-Zoological Reserve has been established in the village, where grows.
History
The village used to be on the right bank of the Neman, east of . In around 1960, when the construction of the Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant started, the village was evicted, because after the construction of the power plant, the whole territory of Kaunas appeared at the bottom of the Kaunas Reservoir.
Origin of the name
The name of the village comes from the surname Gastila.
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Former populated places in Lithuania
Ciaran McKeown (1943 – 1 September 2019) was a peace activist in Northern Ireland.
Early life and education
Born in Derry to a Roman Catholic family, the son of a schoolmaster McKeown served as a Dominican novice for eight months in their youth.
They attended Queen's University Belfast, where they studied philosophy, becoming the first Catholic to be elected president of the university's student council. They were also elected chair of the National Democrats, a ginger group linked with the National Democratic Party. They became president of the Union of Students in Ireland in 1969, based in Dublin, and stood in Dublin South-West at the 1969 Irish general election, taking last place, with only 154 votes.
Journalist
In 1970, McKeown became a reporter for The Irish Times, then later worked for The Irish Press, as their Belfast correspondent. Given their experience of reporting on the emergence of The Troubles, they supported the 1976 creation of "Women for Peace", a Northern Ireland-based movement, by Betty Williams and Mairead Corrigan. When their involvement became more widely known, the movement changed its name to "Community of Peace People," or simply "Peace People". After the events of 1976-7 they found it difficult to return to full-time journalism.
Peace Activist
Although McKeown became known as a thoughtful and calm presence in the leadership of the organisation, their criticisms of the reluctance of church authorities to speak out on sectarian issues caused some tensions. Corrigan and Williams won the 1976 Nobel Peace Prize, but McKeown was not made a party to it. However, the Ford Foundation made a grant to the group, which included a salary for McKeown, enabling them to become full-time editor of Peace by Peace, the group's newspaper, also completing a year as editor of Fortnight Magazine, in 1977.
McKeown, Corrigan and Williams all stepped down from the leadership posts in 1978, although McKeown continued to edit Peace by Peace. Their articles brought them into conflict with the group's new leadership, while financial disagreements massively reduced the group's membership. Ultimately, their belief that the group should call for special status for paramilitary prisoners led to a split, with Williams and their leading supporter, Peter McLachlan, resigning in February 1980. McKeown could no longer survive on the group's salary, nor could they find work as a journalist, so they retrained as a typesetter.
In 1984, they published their autobiography, The Passion of Peace; this was almost immediately withdrawn following a claim that it libelled a journalist, although it was later reissued with an additional note.
References
1943 births
2019 deaths
Alumni of Queen's University Belfast
National Democratic Party (Northern Ireland) politicians
Nonviolence advocates
The Irish Press people
The Irish Times people
People of The Troubles (Northern Ireland)
Politicians from Derry (city)
Kenneth Kelly (born 7 September 1952) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for St. Helens, Bradford Northern and Warrington, as a , or , i.e. number 6 or 7.
Playing career
International honours
Ken Kelly won caps for England while at Warrington in 1979 against Wales, in 1981 against France, and Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at St Helens in 1972 against France (2 matches), while at Warrington in 1980 against New Zealand, and in 1982 against Australia.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Ken Kelly played in St. Helens' 16–13 victory over Leeds in the 1972 Challenge Cup Final during the 1971–72 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 13 May 1972.
County Cup Final appearances
Ken Kelly played , was captain in Warrington's 26–10 victory over Wigan in the 1980 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1980–81 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, on Saturday 4 October 1980, played , was captain, and scored a try in the 16–0 victory over St. Helens in the 1982 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1982–83 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 23 October 1982, and played in the 8–34 defeat by Wigan in the 1985 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1985–86 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, on Sunday 13 October 1985,
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final appearances
Ken Kelly played in St. Helens' 8–2 victory over Rochdale Hornets in the 1971 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1971–72 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Tuesday 14 December 1971.
Player's No.6/John Player/John Player Special Trophy Final appearances
Ken Kelly was an interchange/substitute in Bradford Northern's 3–2 victory over Widnes in the 1974–75 Player's No.6 Trophy Final during the 1974–75 season at Wilderspool Stadium, Warrington on Saturday 25 January 1975, played left-, i.e. number 4, in Warrington's 9–4 victory over Widnes in the 1977–78 Players No.6 Trophy Final during the 1977–78 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 28 January 1978, played (replaced by interchange/substitute Eddie Hunter) in the 4–16 defeat by Widnes in the 1978–79 John Player Trophy Final during the 1978–79 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 28 April 1979, played in the 12–5 victory over Barrow in the 1980–81 John Player Trophy Final during the 1980–81 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 24 January 1981, and played in the 4–18 defeat by Wigan in the 1986–87 John Player Special Trophy Final during the 1986–87 season at Burnden Park, Bolton on Saturday 10 January 1987.
Honoured at Warrington Wolves
Ken Kelly is a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee.
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
Photograph "Ken Kelly makes a break" at rlhp.co.uk
Photograph "Daylight training" at rlhp.co.uk
Photograph "Second Test Match" at rlhp.co.uk
Photograph "Ken Kelly races over" at rlhp.co.uk
Photograph "Half time talk" at rlhp.co.uk
Photograph "Joe Phillips memorial trophy team 1975" at rlhp.co.uk
Photograph "No way through" at rlhp.co.uk
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1952 births
Living people
Bradford Bulls players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Liverpool City (rugby league) players
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
St Helens R.F.C. players
Warrington Wolves players
The Redding Record Searchlight is a newspaper serving Redding, California. It has a daily circulation of about 30,000 and hosts a Redding news Web site, Redding.com.
History
On October 17, 1938, the John P. Scripps Newspaper Group published the first edition of the Redding Record, which after a series of acquisitions became the region's dominant daily newspaper under the nameplate Redding Record Searchlight.
References
External links
1938 establishments in California
Daily newspapers published in California
Gannett publications
Newspapers established in 1938
Redding, California
Halaal Ki Kamaai is a 1988 Indian Hindi-language action film directed by Swaroop Kumar, starring Govinda and Farah. The music was composed by Bappi Lahiri.
Cast
Govinda as Shankar
Farah as Sharmili
Shakti Kapoor as Robert
Raza Murad as Durgadas
Gulshan Grover as Jimmy
Manik Irani as Fuga
Om Prakash
Dina Pathak
Bhagwan Dada
Music
External links
References
1980s Hindi-language films
1980 films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
Indian action drama films
"In the Mood" is a popular big band-era jazz standard recorded by American bandleader Glenn Miller. "In the Mood" is based on the composition "Tar Paper Stomp" by Wingy Manone. The first recording under the name "In the Mood" was released by Edgar Hayes & Their Orchestra in 1938.
In 1983, the Glenn Miller recording from 1939 was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame. In 2004, the recording was inducted into the Library of Congress National Recording Registry which consists of recordings that are "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."
In 1999, National Public Radio (NPR) included the 1939 Glenn Miller recording in its list of "The 100 most important American musical works of the 20th century".
Glenn Miller's "In the Mood", with "I Want to Be Happy" on the B-side, became the best-selling swing instrumental.
Arrangement
"In the Mood" starts with a saxophone section theme based on repeated arpeggios that are rhythmically displaced; trumpets and trombones add accent riffs. The arrangement has two solo sections: a "tenor fight" or chase solo—in one recording between Tex Beneke and Al Klink—and a 16-bar trumpet solo by Clyde Hurley. At the end of the song, a coda climbs triumphantly, then sounds a sustained unison tonic pitch with a rim shot.
History
"In the Mood" was an arrangement by Joe Garland based on an existing melody. Lyrics were added by Andy Razaf. The main theme with repeated arpeggios rhythmically displaced appeared under the title "Tar Paper Stomp" and was credited to trumpeter Wingy Manone. Manone recorded "Tar Paper Stomp" on August 28, 1930, in Richmond, Indiana, and released it as a 78 single for Champion Records under the name Barbecue Joe and their Hot Dogs. It was re-released in 1935 by Wingy Manone's Orchestra.
Horace Henderson used the same riff in "Hot and Anxious", which was recorded by their brother Fletcher Henderson on March 19, 1931, for Columbia under the name the Baltimore Bell Hops. Don Redman recorded "Hot and Anxious" for Brunswick in 1932.
Under copyright laws, a tune that had not been written down and registered with the copyright office could be appropriated by any musician with a good ear. Manone raised the similarity between "Tar Paper Stomp" and "In the Mood" to Joe Garland and to the publisher Shapiro, Bernstein, and Company of New York. Manone also discussed the issue in DownBeat magazine.
"Tar Paper Stomp" was copyrighted on November 6, 1941, as a pianoforte version by Peer International.
The first recording of Joe Garland's version of "In the Mood" was made by Edgar Hayes and their Orchestra in 1938 with Garland participating. It was released as a B side to their recording of "Stardust" for Decca. On this recording there was a baritone saxophone duet rather than a tenor saxophone battle. The riff had appeared in a 1935 recording by the Mills Blue Rhythm Band entitled "There's Rhythm in Harlem", which had been composed and arranged by Garland. Before offering it to Miller, Garland sold it in 1938 to Artie Shaw, who chose not to record it because the original arrangement was too long, but they did perform it in concert.
Artie Shaw's version was over six minutes long and met a lackluster audience response. Jerry Gray arranged Shaw's version. The band later performed a shorter version. The Hayes recording was over three minutes in length to fit on one side of a 78 record.
The song was sold in 1939 to Glenn Miller, who experimented with the arrangement. The author of the final arrangement is unknown. One possibility is Eddie Durham because they wrote other arrangements on the same day that "In the Mood" was recorded. Other possibilities include pianist Chummy MacGregor, who was Miller's chief arranger, John Chalmers, and Miller himself. According to an account by MacGregor, "all they used of the original arrangement were the two front saxophone strains and another part that occurred later on in the arrangement." Both MacGregor and Miller were involved in creating the final arrangement: "MacGregor mentioned that additional solos were added to the original arrangement and they wrote the finishing coda. Miller probably edited some of the arrangement along with MacGregor."
Two copyrights were filed by Joseph Copeland Garland on June 8 and November 26, 1938, before the song was published by Lewis Music Pub. Co., Inc. on October 31, 1939, with Joe Garland the lone songwriter. Then on November 27, a copyright was filed with both Garland and Razaf by Shapiro, Bernstein & Co., Inc. of New York. A final copyright was filed by Shapiro, Bernstein on December 11, 1939, worded as follows: "In the mood; fox-trot, Andy Razaf & Joe Garland, arr. Joe Garland as suggested by Glenn Miller; orch. pts., with w."
Two editions of the sheet music are in circulation. The 1939 publication credited to Garland and Razaf is in A♭ and has lyrics beginning: "Mister What-cha-call-em, what-cha doin' tonight?" The 1960 reprint credited only to Garland (with piano arrangement by Robert C. Haring) is in G and has lyrics beginning: "Who's the livin' dolly with the beautiful eyes?"
The personnel on Miller's recording included Al Mastren and Paul Tanner on trombone; Clyde Hurley, Legh Knowles, and Dale McMickle on trumpet; Wilbur Schwartz on clarinet; Hal McIntyre on alto saxophone; Tex Beneke, Al Klink, and Harold Tennyson on tenor saxophone; Chummy MacGregor on piano; Richard Fisher on guitar; Rowland Bundock on double bass; and Moe Purtill on drums.
Other versions
In February 1944, the Glenn Miller RCA Victor Bluebird 1939 studio recording of "In the Mood" was released as a V-Disc, one of a series of recordings sent free by the U.S. War Department to overseas military personnel during World War II. A second version recorded by Glenn Miller's Overseas Band in 1945, was released in May 1948. A new recording by Glenn Miller with the American Band of the Allied Expeditionary Forces (AEF) was broadcast to Germany in 1944 on the radio program The Wehrmacht Hour.
This piece of music was not new in Europe. The first Swiss record of "In the Mood" were released in April 1940 by Teddy Stauffer und seine Original Teddies in Zurich. Another interpretation was made by Ernst van't Hoff in February 1941 in Berlin.
In 1951 a Ferranti Mark 1 computer at the University of Manchester played "In the Mood", one of the first songs to be played by a computer, and the oldest known recording of digitally generated music.
In December 1959, the rendition of "In the Mood" that Ernie Fields and their Orchestra recorded peaked at number 4 by means of the Billboard popular hit parade and number 7 by means of both the Rhythm and Blues and the Cash Box hit parades.
Jerry Lee Lewis, under the alias of The Hawk, recorded an instrumental version of "In the Mood" in 1959. For contractual reasons, the track was released in the USA on the Phillips label, a subsidiary of the Sun Records label owned by Sam Phillips.
Jonathan King, under the name Sound 9418 released their version in 1976 which reached No. 46 on the UK Singles Chart.
In the winter of 1977, a novelty version by the Henhouse Five Plus Too (a Ray Stevens project) employing the sounds of clucking chickens entered the U.S. Pop Top 40: (Billboard No. 40, Cash Box #37).
An Indonesian-Dutch singer Taco recorded their version in 1986 for their album "Swing Classics: In the Mood of Glenn Miller".
Jive Bunny and the Mastermixers prominently featured "In the Mood" as part of their hit medley "Swing the Mood", which was a #1 single in the UK in 1989 and reached #11 in the US in 1990.
John Lee Hooker said that "In the Mood" was the inspiration for their song "I'm in the Mood" which became a No. 1 hit on the R&B Singles chart.
In 2021, Art of Noise released an album of a 1986 live show titled In The City, Live In Tokyo, 1986 which contains an encore cover of "In The Mood".
In popular culture
"In the Mood" was featured in The Odd Couple II.
See also
List of 1930s jazz standards
References
External links
Library of Congress essay on the National Recording Registry
United States National Recording Registry recordings
1939 songs
1939 singles
Glenn Miller songs
Jonathan King songs
Grammy Hall of Fame Award recipients
Songs written by Andy Razaf
American jazz songs
1930s jazz standards
Swing jazz standards
Benny Goodman songs
Bluebird Records singles
Jazz compositions in A-flat major
Medwyn may refer to:
People
John Hay Forbes, Lord Medwyn (1776–1854), British judge
Medwyn Goodall (born 1961), English New Age composer and musician
Medwyn Williams, 20th-21st century prize-winning Welsh gardener
Other uses
Medwyn, a character in The Chronicles of Prydain, by Lloyd Alexander
See also
North Medwyn River, Scotland
South Medwyn River, Scotland
Medwin, a surname
Jack Murnighan is the nick- and pen-name of the American John K. Murnighan, Jr. (born January 18, 1969, Lafayette, Indiana, United States), an author best known for writing on literature and relationships.
Biography
Early life
Jack Murnighan was raised in central Illinois, where they attended public schools, frequently representing them in statewide math competitions. Since 1998, they have lived and worked in New York City as an editor and freelance writer, and, since 2003, a professor at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia. They left their teaching position in 2009 and now divides their time between Asia and New York.
Career
In 2012 they co-authored Much Ado About Loving: What Our Favorite Novels Can Teach You About Date Expectations, Not-So-Great Gatsbys and Love in the Time of Internet Personals (2012).
In 2009 they wrote Beowulf on the Beach: What to Love and What to Skip in Literature's 50 Greatest Hits (2009), a manual for getting the most meaning and pleasure out of fifty of the most challenging (and rewarding) books in the Western canon.
From late 1998-2001, they wrote Jack's Naughty Bits, a weekly column for nerve.com on sex and sexuality in the history of literature, which was turned into two books: The Naughty Bits (2001) and Classic Nasty (2003). In 2000 they co-edited (with Genevieve Field) the short story collection Full Frontal Fiction: The Best of Nerve.com, containing pieces by Jay McInerney, A. M. Homes, Robert Olen Butler, Mary Gaitskill, and Elizabeth Wurtzel.
They have written for Esquire and Glamour magazines and appeared repeatedly on NPR.
Books
Full Frontal Fiction: The Best of Nerve.com (Co-editor of anthology, 2000)
Naughty Bits: The Steamiest and Most Scandalous Scenes from the World's Great Books (2001)
Classic Nasty: More Naughty Bits: A Rollicking Guide to Hot Sex in Great Books, from The Iliad to The Corrections (2003)
Beowulf on the Beach: What to Love and What to Skip in Literature's 50 Greatest Hits (2009)
Much Ado about Loving: What Our Favorite Novels Can Teach You About Date Expectations, Not So-Great Gatsbys, and Love in the Time of Internet Personals (2012) ()
References
Living people
1969 births
American male writers
McDowell Grove Forest Preserve, located in Naperville, state of Illinois, is a preserve on the West Branch of the DuPage River.
The Forest Preserve District of DuPage County purchased the first tract of land for this preserve from Alexander McDowell in 1930. This original tract consisted of about 62 acres adjoining the West Branch of the DuPage River.
McDowell Grove was home to a Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camp from 1934 to 1943. During that time the camp housed two CCC companies: Co. 2612 from 1934 to 1937 and later Co V-1668, which had previously been located at Fullersburg Woods Forest Preserve. Workers from Camp McDowell completed numerous preserve improvements at McDowell, including dredging a lagoon, building several bridges, construction of a shelter and picnic area and building a limestone dam on the West Branch. At any one time, the camp housed about 200 men. The camp had military style barracks for housing of the 3,800 men who lived and worked in the camp during the five-year period.
Shortly after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the U.S. Army Signal Corps' Sixth Service Command took over the old Civilian Conservation Corps camp and used it as a facility for training students in the use and maintenance of radar technology. These trainees were civilian students who were part of the Engineering, Science, and Management War Training program. Under this program, civilian students received training at colleges in Chicago and received training on actual radar equipment at McDowell Grove.
Over the years, local lore has developed about the radar school being a top secret facility, although more recent research has revealed that the activities there may not have been so secret. However, after the closure of the radar school in 1943, the camp was occupied by the Office of Strategic Services as a temporary communications school. This presence does not seem to have been widely known and the OSS may have operated their school under the guise of the continuation of the earlier Radar School. At McDowell, OSS recruits received training in sending and receiving coded messages using field radios.
Following the war, the land reverted to the forest preserve district and most of the buildings were sold off. Additional parcels of land were eventually added to the preserve. Visitors to the preserve will find open space, hiking trails, picnic sites, fishing and other recreational opportunities. All of the CCC bridges have been removed over the years, but some of the bridge abutments remain. The dam was removed by the forest preserve district as part of a river restoration, and this removal eliminated the lagoon that was once north of the CCC picnic shelter. This lagoon is now a restored wetland habitat. Paddlers can access the West Branch of the DuPage River near the Fawell Dam at the south end of the preserve. They can reach the put-in and take-out sites via a gravel access road off Raymond Drive.
A new access bridge for McDowell Grove was constructed in 2018.
References
External links
History Pin Images of McDowell Grove
Military radars of the United States
United States government secrecy
World War II radars
Geography of Naperville, Illinois
Civilian Conservation Corps in Illinois
Nature reserves in Illinois
Protected areas of DuPage County, Illinois
Forests of Illinois
Secret places in the United States
1946 establishments in Illinois
Protected areas established in 1946
Melawi Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan province of Indonesia. It was created in 2003 from part of Sintang Regency. It covers an area of 10,640.8 km2, and had a population of 178,645 at the 2010 Census, 195,667 at the 2015 Census and 228,270 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies at Nanga Pinoh.
Administrative Districts
Melawi Regency consists of eleven districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban keluraham) in each district, its post code and their administrative centres:
Note: (a) the figures in this column are the registration populations for 2020; they differ from the 2020 Census figures - totalling 228,270 - which are not yet available at the district level.
References
Regencies of West Kalimantan
Delmon Damarcus Young (born September 14, 1985) is an American professional baseball outfielder and designated hitter for the Melbourne Aces of the Australian Baseball League. They played in Major League Baseball for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays/Rays, Minnesota Twins, Detroit Tigers, Philadelphia Phillies, and Baltimore Orioles.  They are the younger brother of former major league outfielder and first baseman Dmitri Young.
Minor league career
Young graduated from Adolfo Camarillo High School in 2003, located in Camarillo, California, whereupon they were drafted first overall in the 2003 Major League Baseball draft.
In 2005, Young hit .336 with 20 home runs, 71 RBI and an OPS of .968 in 84 games with the Double-A Montgomery Biscuits, winning the Southern League Most Valuable Player Award despite playing in just 60% of the games. Young was promoted to the Triple-A Durham Bulls on July 15, 2005, where they batted .285 with six home runs and 28 RBIs in 52 games. After the season was over, they were named Baseball America's Minor League Player of the Year and its number one overall prospect for the 2006 season. Young finished their minor league career with a .318 batting average.
Umpire controversy and suspension
On April 26, 2006, while playing for the Durham Bulls in a game against the Pawtucket Red Sox, Young was ejected for arguing a third strike call, after which they stared at the umpire for some time and refused to leave the batter's box. On their way back to their dugout, Young turned and tossed their bat underhand, end-over-end, toward the umpire. The bat hit the umpire on their chest and arm, but they were not seriously hurt.
The next day, Young issued an apology through their agent, claiming that they had not intended for the bat to actually strike the umpire, but acknowledging that it was unacceptable to have thrown the bat at all. The International League suspended Young for 50 games, without pay. Young had the option to appeal the suspension, but chose not to do so. The suspension ended on June 19, 2006.
This altercation was not the first Young had with an umpire during a game. In 2005, while playing for the Double-A Montgomery Biscuits, they had received a three-game suspension for bumping an umpire.
Major league career
Tampa Bay Devil Rays
On August 28, 2006, the Devil Rays called Young up to the major leagues after it was decided that Jonny Gomes had to undergo season-ending surgery. Their first game at the Major League level was against the Chicago White Sox and occurred on August 29, 2006, ten years to the day their older brother Dmitri played in their first major league game. In Delmon's first major league plate appearance, White Sox pitcher Freddy García hit Young with a first-pitch fastball. After striking out in their first official at-bat, Young stroked a curveball for a two-run home run, which was their first Major League hit.
As a 21-year-old in 2007, Young finished second in American League Rookie of the Year voting to Boston second baseman Dustin Pedroia, hitting .288 with 13 home runs and 93 RBIs. Young was also a unanimous selection to the 2007 Topps Major League Rookie All-Star Team. The selection was the result of the 49th annual Topps balloting of Major League managers.
On November 28, 2007, the Rays traded Young, along with Brendan Harris and Jason Pridie, to the Minnesota Twins for Jason Bartlett, Matt Garza, and Eduardo Morlan.
Minnesota Twins
Young had an impressive spring training. In 36 at-bats, they batted .361 with two doubles, one home run, and seven RBIs, locking up their spot in left field for opening day. Young finished the season with eight errors, more than any other left fielder in the majors, while their 11 assists led AL left fielders.
In 2008, Young played in 152 games with the Minnesota Twins, batting .290 with 10 home runs and 69 RBIs. They got off to a slow start in 2009, but had a good September, finishing with 12 home runs, 60 RBIs and a .284 batting average.
With the trade of Carlos Gómez to the Milwaukee Brewers, Young became the Twins' starting left fielder for the 2010 season. During the off-season Young shed 35 pounds, down to 200. The 2010 season ended up being Young's best offensive season to date. Young hit .298 with 21 home runs and 112 RBIs, finished tenth in the voting for AL MVP, and was a finalist for a spot on the American League All-Star roster through the online All-Star Final Vote. On defense, they led AL left fielders in errors, with four, and had the lowest fielding percentage, at .984.
Detroit Tigers
Young was traded to the Detroit Tigers in a waiver trade on August 15, 2011, for minor league pitchers Cole Nelson and Lester Oliveros. That night, the Tigers played the Twins, and they batted in the number three spot in front of Miguel Cabrera. In their first at bat with the Tigers, Young hit a home run to left field. In 2011, they batted a combined .268 with 12 home runs (8 with the Tigers), while on defense they tied for the major league lead in errors by a left fielder, with seven.
In their first at bat in the playoffs as a Tiger, Young hit a home run to right field off CC Sabathia. In addition to their earlier post-season home run, Delmon hit the game-winning home run in the bottom of the seventh inning off Rafael Soriano, giving Detroit a 2–1 lead over the Yankees in the ALDS. In Game 5, Young suffered a strained oblique muscle and was left off the ALCS roster. They were activated to play in Game 2. During Game 5 of the ALCS against the Texas Rangers, Young hit two home runs off C. J. Wilson, scoring three runs.  They are the fourth Detroit Tiger to hit more than one home run in a postseason game (after Alan Trammell, Kirk Gibson and Magglio Ordóñez).
Delmon continued their postseason prowess in 2012. In the 2012 American League Championship Series, Young was named series MVP after hitting .353 with two home runs and six RBIs in the Tigers 4–0 sweep of the New York Yankees. They batted .357 in the 2012 World Series and hit their first World Series home run in Game 4 as the Tigers lost the series to the San Francisco Giants in a four-game sweep.  They are currently the Tigers all-time leader in postseason home runs, with a total of eight.
Young, who earned a reported $6.75 million for 2012, became a free agent after the season concluded.
Philadelphia Phillies
On January 22, Young and the Phillies agreed on a one-year contract worth $750,000, which could become worth as much as $3.5 million based on roster and performance bonuses. The incentives included provisions that could allow Young to earn up to an additional $600,000 for losing weight and keeping it off during the season. The Phillies intended for Young to start in right field. Young began the season on the 15-day disabled list after having ankle surgery in the off-season. On August 9, after batting .261 with 8 HR and 31 RBI through 80 games, they were designated for assignment to make room for Casper Wells on the active roster. On August 14, 2013, the Philadelphia Phillies released Young after they refused to play in the minors.
Back to Tampa
On August 22, 2013, Young signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Rays, who assigned them to the Double-A Montgomery Biscuits. It was their second stint with the franchise. They were added to the major league roster on September 1 when the rosters expanded and was on the Rays' postseason roster as they made it to the American League Division Series.
Baltimore Orioles
Young signed a minor league deal with the Baltimore Orioles in January 2014. On March 29, 2014 it was announced that Young had earned a spot on the Orioles' Opening Day roster. Young hit their first home run as a member of the Orioles on April 8, 2014 in a 14–5 victory over the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium.
On October 3, 2014, Young came in as a pinch hitter with 1 out and the bases loaded in the bottom of the 8th inning of game 2 of the 2014 American League Division Series against the Detroit Tigers. They swung at the first pitch and hit a base-clearing double that gave the Orioles a 7–6 lead. The Orioles won the game and took a 2–0 lead in the series.
On December 24, 2014, Young re-signed with the Orioles on a one-year, $2.25 million deals that could reach $3 million if they hit all of the deal's incentives. They were designated for assignment on July 1, 2015. They were released on July 9.
Melbourne Aces
On October 10, 2017, it was announced that Young had signed a contract to play for the Melbourne Aces of the Australian Baseball League in an attempt to resurrect their Major League career.
Acereros de Monclova
On February 21, 2018, Young signed with the Acereros de Monclova of the Mexican League. They were released on April 18, 2018.
Pericos de Puebla
Young later signed with the Pericos de Puebla on June 18, 2018.
Venezuelan Winter League
During the 2018/2019 season, Young played for Navegantes del Magallanes of the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League, becoming the first Magallanes player to earn the MVP award for the league. Young played in 61 of 63 games, hitting 19 home runs in 252 at bats. No other player had more than 10 home runs that same season.
Back to Melbourne
After spending the 2018/19 winter season in Venezuela, Young returned to Australia in 2019/20 to play for the Melbourne Aces. Young signed on to play for the Aces again in the 2020/21 season.
Legal issues
On April 27, 2012, Young was arrested for aggravated harassment as a hate crime in New York City. The Tigers had been scheduled to play the Yankees later that evening. The New York Police Department said they yelled an anti-Semitic slur while they were intoxicated. Later in the day, Young issued a statement apologizing for their actions. Young was released on $5,000 bail. The Tigers subsequently put Young on the restricted list pending action by Major League Baseball. Young was suspended by MLB for seven days without pay, retroactive to Friday, April 27, for the incident, and ordered to undergo counseling. On November 7, 2012, Young pleaded guilty to aggravated harassment. They were sentenced to perform 10 days of community service and ordered to attend a program at the Museum of Tolerance.
On February 7, 2016, Young was arrested for battery after they allegedly choked and threatened a valet at a hotel in Miami, Florida. The incident occurred when Young tried to enter a club in the hotel that was closed. After being denied entry, Young was said to have made anti-Hispanic comments towards the valet, choked them and threatened to kill him.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Acereros de Monclova players
African-American baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Australia
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
American League Championship Series MVPs
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Montgomery, Alabama
Charleston RiverDogs players
Clearwater Threshers players
Detroit Tigers players
Durham Bulls players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Major League Baseball designated hitters
Major League Baseball outfielders
Melbourne Aces players
Mesa Solar Sox players
Mexican League baseball right fielders
Minnesota Twins players
Montgomery Biscuits players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
People from Camarillo, California
Pericos de Puebla players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Rochester Red Wings players
Sportspeople from Oxnard, California
Sportspeople from Ventura County, California
Tampa Bay Rays players
Tampa Bay Devil Rays players
Toros del Este players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
The Passaic Formation is a mapped bedrock unit in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York. It was previously known as the Brunswick Formation since it was first described in the vicinity of New Brunswick, New Jersey. It is now named for the city of Passaic, New Jersey, which is near where its type section was described by paleontologist Paul E. Olsen.
Description
The Passaic is defined as a reddish-brown shale, siltstone and mudstone with a few green and brown shale interbeds; red and dark-gray interbedded argillites near the base. In New Jersey, there are conglomerate and sandstone beds within the formation.
Depositional environment
The Passaic is mostly shallow lakes, playa, and alluvial fan deposits resulting from the rifting of Pangea. The red color is often evidence that the sediments were deposited in arid conditions. The Passaic Formation overlies the Lockatong Formation deep lake sediment cycles, which were deposited during wetter climatic cycles during the Late Triassic. These sediments came from the northwest and contain clasts from Appalachian formations.
Fossils
Clepsysaurus
Hypsognathus fenneri
Age
The Passaic is Late Triassic with an astronomically calibrated age of 219 to 201.7 million years ago (Ma) and is about 13,000 ft (~4 km) thick in the basin depocenter. It conformably overlies the Lockatong Formation (darker, generally gray shales and mudrocks) and is overlain by the first Watching(Orange Mountain Formation) basalt. The Triassic/Jurassic boundary and correlated by pollen is located in the uppermost part of the formation, ~ 2 precessional cycles (~10-12 m) below the Orange Mountain Basalt. There are numerous diabase intrusions into the Passaic with local contact metamorphic rocks.
References
See also
Geology of Pennsylvania
Geology of New Jersey
Geologic formations of New Jersey
Geologic formations of New York (state)
Geologic formations of Pennsylvania
Shale formations of the United States
Mudstone formations
Siltstone formations
Paleontology in New Jersey
Paleontology in New York (state)
Paleontology in Pennsylvania
Triassic System of North America
Triassic geology of New Jersey
Triassic geology of New York (state)
Triassic geology of Pennsylvania
The buff-chested babbler (Cyanoderma ambiguum) is a species of bird in the Old World babbler family. It is found in south-eastern Asia from the eastern Himalayas to southern Laos.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
buff-chested babbler
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Yunnan
buff-chested babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Evenfall is the first short film in a series produced by Sapling Pictures. This chapter is about a highly trained young woman embarking on their career as an international spy and discovering it takes more than good looks to keep things from falling into the wrong hands.
Plot
The serial adventure Evenfall narrates the journey of Eve, a young woman following in the footsteps of their fallen father. She's partnered with "Uncle," their father's former colleague and their surrogate father. Ben, a tech genius, rounds out the trio as they embark on clandestine missions for a private intelligence agency.
This chapter of Eve's adventures opens on a crowded ballroom during Eve's first field operation where they first encounter Miles Devlin, a charming but ruthless Englishman. Things take a turn for the worse when Miles wound them and escapes. After they recover and gains more field experience, Eve encounters Miles again, this time in Hong Kong. They aim to steal an ancient and valuable Chinese diary that Eve has acquired, but they are determined to keep it and settle the score.
As Eve and Miles struggle for possession of the diary, Uncle and Ben are in a London auction house poised to acquire a rare jade pendant. They must outbid Miles' employer, Mr. Durand, a French millionaire and collector who is determined to win the jade himself. Uncle assumes the alias of an antiquities dealer while Ben laces Mr. Durand's scotch with a sedative. But Mr. Durand's watchful attaché Simon Leduc becomes suspicious and tries to uncover Uncle's true identity.
What Eve and their colleagues don't yet realize is that securing these items will propel them on a journey that will reveal the mystery of their father's death.
Cast
Abby Sugrue as Eve
Dave Coyne as Miles Devlin
LeRoy London as Uncle
Tel Monks as Mr. Durand
Daniel Ross as Ben
Eddy Chalitta As Simon Leduc
Technical
Written and directed by Keith Jodoin, the 30-minute film was shot digitally in high-definition using the Sony HDW-F900 CineAlta camera. It was shot on-location around greater Washington, DC including the famous Mayflower Hotel in downtown Washington.
The film premiered in March 2005 at the Sedona International Film Festival in Sedona, Arizona and screened online as part of the AOL/moviefone Shorts Festival.
Awards
Evenfall received an Audience Award at the 2005 DC Shorts International Film Festival.
References
External links
Sapling Pictures
2000s action thriller films
American independent films
2005 films
2000s American films
Jonathan Núñez may also refer to:
Jonathan Núñez (Chilean footballer) (born 1986), a Chilean footballer
Jonathan Núñez (Honduran footballer) (born 2001), a Honduran footballer
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsuya Tsuya. It was serialized in Akita Shoten's seinen manga magazine Young Champion Retsu from March 2010 to June 2014.
Publication
Written and illustrated by , Rakujitsu no Pathos was serialized in Akita Shoten's seinen manga magazine from March 16, 2010, to June 17, 2014. Akita Shoten has collected its chapters in five tankōbon volumes, released from October 20, 2011, to June 20, 2014.
Volume list
See also
Rakujitsu no Pathos, another manga series by the same author
Futari no Ouchi, another manga series by the same author
Shiori's Diary, another manga series by the same author
References
Akita Shoten manga
Romance anime and manga
Seinen manga
Alice Dryden (3 August 1866 – 4 February 1956) was an English photographer, historian and writer. They published books and articles about the history of various Midlands counties illustrated with their own photographs, and is also remembered for their work on the history of lace. Them name was Alice Marcon after 1913.
Early life
Dryden was born on 3 August 1866 at the Elizabethan manor house of Canons Ashby in Northamptonshire to Frances and Henry Dryden, and was their only child. Sir Henry was the principal local landowner and a magistrate. Their daughter received a "smattering" of education of the kind considered suitable for girls of the "squirearchy" class, according to an obituary. They had a scholarly side and took an interest in their father's antiquarian pursuits. As a young woman they enjoyed following hounds and horse racing.
Photography and lace
Photography was one of their main interests during the 1890s. Dryden drove themselves around in a dogcart photographing old buildings, villages and other scenes in Northamptonshire and beyond. Some of these were later published in their books in the county history Memorials series published by Bemrose. They and Margaret Jourdain worked together on a book about areas that would be affected by the construction of the Great Central Railway. Their friendship led to an important collaboration on the history of lace. Dryden and Jourdain added chapters and photographs to Fanny Bury Palliser's 1865 book, History of Lace. The updated and expanded version was well reviewed in the Times Literary Supplement which commented on the "good use" made of "modern photographic methods". This new History of Lace, "entirely revised, re-written, and enlarged under the editorship of M. Jourdain and Alice Dryden" came out in 1901 and was republished several times between then and 1984. Dryden was Honorary Secretary of the Northamptonshire Home Arts and Industries Association which encouraged a revival of lace-making and other crafts. In the 1880s and 1890s they were also active in the Primrose League, an organisation supporting Conservative principles, which held summer fairs in the grounds of big houses like Canons Ashby.
Writing
After 33 years living at Canons Ashby Dryden had to move when their father died. A woman could not inherit their estate, nor the baronetcy. Them mother had died a few months before Sir Henry, and Alice Dryden inherited about £7500 from their parents. They moved house a few times before settling in Boars Hill. They had been writing regularly for the Pall Mall Gazette with articles like 'Pillow lace in the Midlands' (1896) and 'Compton Wynyates' (1898). In the early 1900s they produced several illustrated books about the history of the English Midlands, starting with Memorials of Old Northamptonshire (1903) where they were the editor, author of six chapters, and photographer for many of the illustrations. As well as being contributing editor of other illustrated books in the Memorials series they wrote a piece on Honiton lace for Memorials of Old Devonshire. In 1911 they also published a book on Church Embroidery including photographs, which ran to two further editions, and one on the history of the Grey family of Groby. For a short time they were the partner in a London shop, Elden, offering interior decoration services to owners of grand country houses, but they soon left it to be run by Ethel Bethell (aka Mrs Guy Bethell).
They edited their father's work on hunting and published it in 1908 as The art of hunting: or, three hunting mss. A revised edition of the art of hunting, by William Twici, huntsman to King Edward the Second. The craft of venery. A translation of La chasse du cerf. A review in the Times Literary Supplement praised this book, which had been printed in an earlier version in 1843/4 with a very limited circulation, and said that Alice Dryden's notes along with their father's previously unpublished notes made the work far more "intelligible". It also mentioned their historical research into the real-life identity of the huntsman Twici or Twiti. An obituary described it as their "magnum opus".
Later life
On 6 April 1913 Dryden married John Marcon in London and they went to live in Highclere. After contracting polio in 1919 their ability to walk was restricted. Them husband died in 1928 and they moved to 7 Hamilton Road in Oxford where they lived until their death on 4 February 1956. Over the years they donated items of historical interest to museums, including a collection of their father's drawings to Northampton public library and some antiques related to textiles and social history to the Pitt Rivers Museum, Oxford. Photographs taken by Dryden are held in the archives of Historic England and the Conway Library at The Courtauld Institute of Art, London.
References
External links
Alice's Room, Canons Ashby
English women photographers
English women writers
British historians
People from West Northamptonshire District
1866 births
1956 deaths
British women historians
People from Highclere
The 18th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 18th Alabama Infantry Regiment was mustered in at Auburn, Alabama, on September 4, 1861.
The regiment surrendered at Meridian, Mississippi, on May 4, 1865.
Commanders
Colonel Edward Courtney Bullock
Colonel James Thadeus Holtzclaw
Colonel Eli Sims Shorter
Colonel James Strawbridge (Confederate Officer)
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1861 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1861
Beltrán Dalay Cortés Carvajal (21 November 1908 – 11 June 1984) was a convicted Costa Rican murderer, mostly known for the murders of the physicians Ricardo Moreno Cañas and Carlos Echandi.  They are one of the most famous former prisoners of San Lucas Island.
Family and early years
Beltrán Cortés was born on November 12, 1908 as the youngest of 18 siblings to Rosendo Cortés Madrigal and Amelia Carvajal in Santa Bárbara, Heredia. By 1938 they were living with their mom and three sisters in Santa Bárbara. They finished the first levels of elementary school and then went on to work as a farmer, never getting married or having children. A door accidentally fell on them as a kid in Heredia's central market, which resulted in a head wound that left a permanent scar and a humerus fracture in their right arm that never aligned because it was not properly treated in time.
The surgeries by Dr. Moreno and Dr. Echandi
In 1928, at the age of 20, they had surgery three times by doctors Moreno and Echandi; on June 1 both doctors surgically wired their right humerus and then they had two follow-up surgeries, on July 23 by Dr. Echandi and on August 3 by Dr. Moreno. On August 2, 1929, Dr. Moreno gave them metal plate implants, yet these were extracted on April 4, 1932. At this point their diagnosis was an unconsolidated humerus due to syphilis.
Criminal background
After the surgeries they served as a police officer in San Rafael de Heredia. On July 28, 1934, they killed their partner Benjamín Garita Ramírez while on duty. They were convicted to a 5-year sentence in San Lucas Island, however they got years taken off their sentence by performing manual labour. When they left prison they got a job at Chapuí Asylum, which they quickly quit to sell merchandise in the streets.
The doctors' murders
Cortés became obsessed with the failed surgeries over time. At least one doctor told them they had been the surgeons' fault, while an attorney convinced them Dr. Moreno should compensate them for the hardship and pain suffered. Cortés later stated that they had gone to the hospital to get treated for a pain in their leg, and that Dr. Moreno took advantage of this to take a graft of bone from their healthy arm for a foreign patient. Prior to the murders, they had threatened killing the two doctors, leading their mother to ask that they be admitted into Chapuí Asylum. Cortés bought a gun from a police officer and on August 23, 1938 at 7:30 p.m they knocked on Dr. Moreno's door. When the maid opened the door they ran into the living room where Dr. Moreno was reading the newspaper and shot them three times. They escaped the scene and immediately went to Dr. Echandi's house, stopping along the way to ask for directions. When they got there they once again knocked on the door and was received by the footman. Dr. Echandi was on their way out, as they had heard on the radio the news of Dr. Moreno's death and wanted to go to the crime scene. Cortés shot them twice from the front gate, although only one of the shots hit them and the other one bounced off the door. During their escape Cortés also killed a Canadian man called Arthur Maynard, and severely injured two people by the names of Egérico Vargas Loría and Rodolfo Quirós Quirós, before being apprehended.
San Lucas Island
On June 23, 1938 they were convicted to a sentence of undefined length at San Lucas Island. President León Cortés Castro ordered the construction of a two square metre cell for them that would allow visitors to see him. During several years tourists were brought from Puntarenas up to the island to see them exhibited in this cell. José León Sánchez mentioned them in their book La isla de los hombres solos. President Otilio Ulate Blanco ordered that they be taken out of that cell and placed with the other prisoners during a visit to the facility. During President José Figueres' administration the country's penal code was reformed limiting Costa Rica's maximum penalty to 30 years in prison. Since Cortés had already being incarcerated for 32 years at this point they were immediately released. They died of prostate cancer on June 11, 1984 at the age of 75 in their sister's house in Santa Bárbara.
References
External links
Muere un hombre, nace un mito, Historia Visual de Costa Rica, La Nación.com. Consultado el 20 de agosto de 2008.
Dr. Ricardo Moreno Cañas(en inglés), Infocostarica Staff. Consultado el 20 de agosto de 2008.
1908 births
1934 crimes in Costa Rica
1934 murders in North America
1938 crimes in Costa Rica
1938 murders in North America
1984 deaths
1930s murders in Costa Rica
Deaths from cancer in Costa Rica
Deaths from prostate cancer
Costa Rican people convicted of murder
Costa Rican people of Spanish descent
Costa Rican police officers
Costa Rican prisoners and detainees
Costa Rican serial killers
Male serial killers
People convicted of murder by Costa Rica
People from Santa Bárbara (canton)
Serial killers who worked in law enforcement
Jeremiah Best (23 January 1901 – 18 March 1975) was an English football player who began their career in England before moving to the American Soccer League. They led the league in scoring in 1930. In 1931, they returned to England, where they finished their career. They were born in Mickley, England.
Career
Best began their professional career in December 1919 with Newcastle United. They played only two games before being transferred to Leeds United in July 1920 for L100. While they began the season as the starting left inside forward, they lost their position to Basil Wood. They left the team in 1921 and spent several years playing non-league football before moving to the United States in 1924 to sign with the Providence F.C. of the American Soccer League. In their first season in the league, they scored twenty-goals in twenty-nine games. In 1925, they moved to the New Bedford Whalers remaining there for the next four seasons. In 1929, Best played two games for the Fall River Marksmen. They then jumped to the Pawtucket Rangers for the remainder of the season. In the summer of 1930, Best rejoined the Whalers, leading the league in scoring with thirty-five goals in twenty-seven games in the fall 1930 season. In 1931, Best moved back to England, signing with Clapton Orient for two seasons. In 1933, they transferred to Darlington where they became one of the club's all-time leading scorers. They finished their career with Hull City in the 1936–37 season.
Honours
As a player
Darlington
Third Division (North) Cup winner: 1933–34
Third Division (North) Cup runner-up: 1935–36
References
1901 births
English footballers
Newcastle United F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
American Soccer League (1921–1933) players
Providence Clamdiggers players
New Bedford Whalers players
Fall River Marksmen players
Pawtucket Rangers players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
1975 deaths
Association football forwards
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
English expatriate footballers
People from Mickley, Northumberland
Soft balancing is a recent addition to balance of power theory used to describe non-military forms of balancing evident since the end of the Cold War, particularly during and after the 2003 Iraq War. Soft balancing as a strategy can be attributed to the work of Robert Pape and T. V. Paul. It was criticized by Stephen Brooks, William Wohlforth and Augusto Dall'Agnol. Soft balancing has been practiced in many developing countries, such as Brazil, India and South Africa. Most countries share the common denominator of not having a strong military force, thus they utilize internal force rather than aggressive force.
Soft balancing occurs when weaker states decide that the dominance and influence of a stronger state is unacceptable, but that the military advantage of the stronger state is so overwhelming that traditional balancing is infeasible or even impossible. In addition to overwhelming military superiority, scholars also suggest that democratic peace theory suggests a preference toward soft, rather than hard, balancing among democracies.
As opposed to traditional balancing, soft balancing is undertaken not to physically shift the balance of power but to undermine, frustrate, and increase the cost of unilateral action for the stronger state. Soft balancing is not undertaken via military effort, but via a combination of economic, diplomatic and institutional methods. In other words, soft balancing uses "non-military tools to delay, frustrate and undermine aggressive unilateral U.S. military policies". Since it uses non-military means, soft balancing is regarded as ineffective by Thomas Mowle and David Sacko, who write that soft balancing is “balancing that does not balance at all.”
Soft balancing is contrasted with hard balancing and bandwagoning.
See also
Balance of threat
Balance of power in international relations
Bandwagoning
Hard balancing
References
International relations
The 1971 Enfield Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Enfield London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
June Thomson (also known as June Valerie Thomson), (born ) is a detective novelist.
Biography
A former teacher, Thomson was educated at Chelmsford High School and Bedford College University of London.  They are the creator of the Chief Inspector Jack Finch (Inspector Rudd in American editions) and Sergeant Tom Boyce series of novels. Since 1990 they have also written a series of Sherlock Holmes pastiche collections of short stories. Them works have been translated into many languages. June Thomson previously lived in St. Albans in Hertfordshire and now lives in Rugby.  They are the mother of the philosophy writer Garrett Thomson. Them younger son is Paul Thomson.
Bibliography
Chief Inspector Jack Finch/Inspector Rudd
Not One of Us (1971)
Death Cap (1973)
The Long Revenge (1974)
Case Closed (1977)
A Question of Identity (1977)
Deadly Relations (aka The Habit of Loving) (1979)
Alibi in Time (1980)
Shadow of a Doubt (1981)
To Make a Killing (aka Portrait of Lilith) (1982)
Sound Evidence (1984)
A Dying Fall (1985)
The Dark Stream (1986)
No Flowers by Request (1987)
Rosemary for Remembrance (1988)
The Spoils of Time (1989)
Past Reckoning (1990)
Foul Play (1991)
Burden of Innocence (1996)
The Unquiet Grave (2000)
Going Home (2006)
Sherlock Holmes
The Secret Files of Sherlock Holmes (1990)
The Case of the Vanishing Head-Waiter
The Case of the Amateur Mendicants
The Case of the Remarkable Worm
The Case of the Exalted Client
The Case of the Notorious Canary Trainer
The Case of the Itinerant Yeggman
The Case of the Abandoned Lighthouse
The Secret Chronicles of Sherlock Holmes (1992)
The Case of the Paradol Chamber
The Case of the Hammersmith Wonder
The Case of the Maplestead Magpie
The Case of the Harley Street Specialist
The Case of the Old Russian Woman
The Case of the Camberwell Poisoning
The Case of the Sumatran Rat
The Secret Journals of Sherlock Holmes (1993)
The Case of the Millionaire's Persecution
The Case of the Colonel's Madness
The Case of the Addleton Tragedy
The Case of the Shopkeeper's Terror
The Case of the Friesland Outrage
The Case of the Smith-Mortimer Succession
The Case of the Maupertuis Scandal
Holmes and Watson: A Study in Friendship (1995)
The Secret Documents of Sherlock Holmes (1999)
The Case of the Ainsworth Abduction
The Case of the Boulevard Assassin
The Case of the Wimbledon Tragedy
The Case of the Ferrers Documents
The Case of the Vatican Cameos
The Case of the Camberwell Deception
The Case of the Barton Wood Murder
The Secret Notebooks of Sherlock Holmes (2004)
The Case of the Upwood Scandal
The Case of the Aluminium Crutch
The Case of the Manor House Mystery
The Case of the Cardinal's Corpse
The Case of the Arnsworth Affair
The Case of the Vanishing Barque
The Case of the Gustaffson Stonel
The Secret Archives of Sherlock Holmes (2012)
The Case of the Conk-Singleton Forgery
The Case of the Stray Chicken
The Case of the Oneeyed Colonel
The Case of the Threehanded Widow
The Case of the Pentre Mawr Murder
The Case of the Missing Belle Fille
The Case of the Watchful Waiter
Sherlock Homes and the Lady in Black (2015)
References
Biography : Editor's foreword in "Les Dossiers Secrets de Sherlock Holmes" ("The secret journals of Sherlock Holmes") Le Masque Les Reines du Crime Librairie des Champs Elysées 1995
External links
Bibliography at Fantastic Fiction
1930 births
Living people
People from the City of Chelmsford
English crime fiction writers
English women novelists
Sherlock Holmes
20th-century English women writers
20th-century English writers
Women crime writers
Anthony Royell Akins (born May 10, 1977) is a former Canadian football wide receiver and slotback who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League (CFL) from 1999 to 2003. They played in 61 regular season games, catching 121 receptions for 2,138 yards and 14 touchdowns. They also returned punts and kickoffs. Akins is a Grey Cup champion.
Akins played high school football at Starkville High School before playing at East Mississippi Community College. They later transferred to Eastern Louisiana University and played for the Warhawks. After going unselected in the 1999 NFL Draft, Akins was signed by the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League but was cut before the beginning of the regular season. They were signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats shortly after and spent their first two seasons moving between the practice squad and the active roster, playing in 9 games each season and contributing heavily on special teams. Akins transitioned to a more offensive role in 2001, but their career was interrupted in later seasons by repeated injuries.
Early career
Akins began playing high school football at Starkville High School as a first-year student. Due to their small size, Akins rarely played. As a senior, they were ruled ineligible for academic reasons but continued practicing with the football team throughout the season. Akins was also able to participate on the track and field team, running sprints. After Akins impressed their high school football coach by practicing despite their ineligibility, the coach invited East Mississippi Community College to look at Akins. A representative of East Mississippi attended a track and field meet where Akins won the 100 metres and offered them a scholarship to play college football shortly afterward.
Akins went on to play at both East Mississippi and Northeast Louisiana University. In their first game at East Mississippi, Akins returned a punt 85 yards for a touchdown. Although Akins developed at East Mississippi and with the Northeast Louisiana Indians, they remained at least second on the depth chart, playing behind Quincy Jackson at East Mississippi and Marty Booker at Northeast Louisiana. Akins played with the Indians through 1998, when they featured as the team's kick returner and led their team with 1,269 all-purpose yards.
Professional career
Akins declared for the 1999 NFL Draft, where they went unsigned. The Buffalo Bills later signed them to fill their final roster slot at wide receiver in training camp. In late August, they released Akins prior to the start of the regular season.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Within a week of being cut from the Bills, Akins was signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats to their practice squad. After Curtis Jackson was released from the Tiger-Cats, Akins was moved to the active roster to replace them as part of the punt and kick return rotation. On September 12, Akins made their CFL debut against the Montreal Alouettes, where they averaged 21 yards on kick returns. Akins was named Offensive Player of the Week for their performance in an October game against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, where they caught eight passes for 257 yards and four touchdowns. In early November, they were named Special Teams Player of the Week after returning three kicks for over 100 yards. The Tiger-Cats won the 87th Grey Cup with Akins contributing four catches for 43 yards.
Akins returned to the Tiger-Cats for the 2000 season. In July, they returned a punt from Lui Passaglia 65 yards for a touchdown. In mid-September, Akins started in place of the injured Darren Flutie, but they were later moved to the practice squad in October. They returned for the final game of the regular season and returned a punt for their second 65-yard touchdown of the season. The Tiger-Cats lost the East Semi-Final 22–20 to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers after an offensive interference penalty was assessed on Akins in the final minutes of the game. The Hamilton Spectator described the penalty as "ill-deserved". Akins finished the season sixth in the CFL with 393 punt return yards. They were also the league leader in punt return touchdowns.
On December 12, 2000, the Tiger-Cats announced that they had re-signed Akins. Due to the CFL's import ratio requirements, Hamilton Spectator reporter Steve Milton speculated that Akins would be cut before the regular season. Instead, Akins made the regular season roster and regularly started at wide receiver for the first time in their career. Due to Akins' speed, they were moved to the slotback position in August. They later lost their starting position to wide receiver Corey Grant but continued to see regular playing time. Akins was held out of two games entirely near the end of the season to allow offensive lineman Gary Brown to return from the injured list. Akins' role as a receiver increased in the 2001 season, and they finished their season with 29 catches for 461 receiving yards. Conversely, their role as a kick and punt returner decreased substantially. Akins averaged 5.1 yards per punt return and 15.5 yards per kickoff return, decreasing from 10.3 yards and 24.0 yards in the 2000 season, respectively.
Akins became a free agent before the 2002 season. The Montreal Alouettes expressed interest in signing Akins, but they decided to re-sign with the Tiger-Cats in May shortly before a deadline imposed by head coach Ron Lancaster. In a pre-season game, Akins suffered a collarbone injury when a player's face mask was driven into their chest. They returned in mid-July. In their second game of the season, Akins scored three touchdowns. They scored in each of the two following games as well. Akins' success was interrupted in late August when they re-injured their collarbone with deep bruising. After Akins returned, they caught an 84-yard touchdown while accumulating 150 receiving yards against the Alouettes. The Hamilton Tiger-Cats did not qualify for the playoffs in 2002, but Akins had their most successful season, catching 38 receptions for 732 yards and 7 touchdowns. All three values were career-highs for the wide receiver.
Akins re-signed with the Tiger-Cats before the start of the 2003 season. They were moved around in various positions throughout the season. Before the beginning of the season, Akins was designated the starting slotback, but they quickly lost the job to Trevor Shaw. They were later moved back to their original position at wide receiver. After missing games due to leg and knee injuries, Akins finished the season with 482 receiving yards and two touchdowns.
In 2004, Akins was cut from the Tiger-Cats during the preseason after facing competition from seven import receivers and five Canadians.
Season statistics
Personal life
Akins is divorced and has four children.
References
1977 births
Living people
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks football players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
American football wide receivers
Canadian football wide receivers
Canadian football slotbacks
Players of Canadian football from Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
Sportspeople from Starkville, Mississippi
Buffalo Bills players
East Mississippi Lions football players
Starkville High School alumni
Sara Orlesky (born July 30, 1980) is a Canadian sports reporter, currently a senior host and producer for the Winnipeg Jets. They were formerly the Winnipeg Bureau Reporter for TSN's SportsCentre. In 2008, The Globe and Mail described them as "among the top young female sports broadcasters in Canada."
Biography
Sara Orlesky was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, July 31, 1980. They graduated from Shaftesbury High School in Winnipeg.
Hired in November 2007, Orlesky joined TSN in January 2008 as a reporter for the Toronto bureau, reporting on major sports stories in the Greater Toronto Area.
Before working at TSN, Orlesky lived in Vancouver, British Columbia where they reported for The Score. Orlesky worked for Citytv Vancouver as a weekend sports producer while studying communications at Simon Fraser University. They were promoted to weekend sports anchor and left there in 2004. Orlesky reported on figure skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
When TSN opened its Winnipeg bureau, Orlesky became the lead reporter. They were regularly seen on SportsCentre, with a special focus on the Jets and Blue Bombers. They also joined the CFL on TSN broadcast team as a sideline reporter in the 2008 season where they have since covered regular season and playoff games, including the Grey Cup.
They joined the Winnipeg Jets in summer 2022 as a TSN partnership. With that, they will continue to make appearances on Jets on TSN broadcasts.
References
External links
TSN profile
1980 births
Living people
Olympic Games broadcasters
Canadian television producers
Canadian women television producers
Canadian television reporters and correspondents
Simon Fraser University alumni
Canadian women television journalists
Winnipeg Jets announcers
National Hockey League broadcasters
Canadian Football League announcers
Journalists from Manitoba
People from Winnipeg
American women television journalists
21st-century American women
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
A French sauce spoon or saucier spoon is a spoon that is typically the size and shape of a dessert spoon, but with a flattened bowl that has a thinner edge and a small notch on one side. As the name suggests, a French sauce spoon is used to eat the sauce accompanying a dish. Such a spoon may be referred to simply as a sauce spoon, but this can also refer to a spoon used to serve sauce.
The spoon's flattened bowl and thin edge aids scooping a thin layer of sauce from a plate without resorting to tipping the plate; the notch in the bowl is variously claimed to allow oil or fat to drain away from the sauce, or to be a reference to the notch in a fish knife.
Originally invented in France at the restaurant Lasserre in 1950 (chef René Lasserre) as the cuillère à sauce individuelle (individual sauce spoon) and originally found mainly in France, French sauce spoons are increasingly popular in high-end restaurants elsewhere.
References
"Sauce spoon sighting!", Los Angeles Times, August 29th, 2005
"Don't be bullied by the sauce spoon", eatocracy, CNN, June 12th, 2012
Spoons
Products introduced in 1950
The Life Extension Institute was an organization formed in the United States in 1913 with the philanthropic goal of prolonging human life through hygiene and disease prevention. Its organizational officers included many celebrity-philanthropists such as William Howard Taft, Alexander Graham Bell, and Mabel Thorp Boardman but also genuine medical experts including William James Mayo, Russell Henry Chittenden, and J. H. Kellogg and a "Hygiene Reference Board" of dozens of nationally recognized physicians of that era such as Mazÿck Porcher Ravenel and Major General William Crawford Gorgas.
A major project of the institute which fulfilled its mission to disseminate knowledge was publication of the book How to Live, Rules for Healthful Living Based on Modern Science, now in the public domain.
The institute was a proponent of eugenics including sterilization of grossly "unfit" individuals:
See also
Life extension
References
Public health education
Life extension
1913 establishments in the United States
Alexander Graham Bell
Winfield Scott Kerr (June 23, 1852 – September 11, 1917) was an American lawyer and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1895 to 1901.
Early life and career
Born in Monroe, Ohio, Kerr attended the common schools of their native city.
They were graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1879.
They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Mansfield, Ohio.
They served as member of the State senate 1888-1892.
Congress
Kerr was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth, Fifty-fifth, and Fifty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1901).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Patents (Fifty-sixth Congress).
Later career and death
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1900.
They resumed the practice of their profession in Mansfield, Ohio, and died there September 11, 1917.
They were interred in Mansfield Cemetery.
Sources
1852 births
1917 deaths
People from Monroe, Ohio
Politicians from Mansfield, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Ohio state senators
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Edward Arthur FitzGerald (10 May 1871 – 2 January 1931) was an American-born mountaineer and soldier of British descent, best known for leading the expedition which made the first ascent of Aconcagua, the highest mountain in South America, in 1897.
Background and education
FitzGerald was born in 1871 at Litchfield, Connecticut, and was the third son of William John FitzGerald, barrister, a British subject, and Mary, daughter of Eli White, of New York. They were educated at St Paul's School, Concord, New Hampshire, and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where they matriculated in 1890 but did not graduate. Their elder brother was Augustine (called Austin), a painter, and their elder sister was Caroline, a poet.
Mountaineering
They joined the Himalayan explorer Martin Conway for a walk across the Alps in 1894, where they met the Swiss guide Matthias Zurbriggen. Sufficiently impressed, FitzGerald decided to hire Zurbriggen as their guide for the next five years.
In 1894/95 FitzGerald travelled to New Zealand, intending to make the first ascent of Mount Cook, but local climbers, alarmed their highest mountain might first be climbed by foreigners, climbed it a few days after FitzGerald's arrival. They and Zurbriggen made the first ascent of Mount Sefton, and with the New Zealander Jack Clarke (who had made the first ascent of Mount Cook), made first ascents of Mount Sealy, Silberhorn, Mount Tasman and Mount Haidinger.
Aconcagua expedition
In 1896/97 FitzGerald personally financed and led a large expedition to South America to complete scientific surveys and make first ascents of some of the highest peaks in the Andes. The expedition included a geologist, surveyor, engineer, and naturalist, and six alpine guides led by Zurbriggen. After reconnoitering the Vacas valley approach to Aconcagua, FitzGerald made a base camp at around in the Horcones Valley, where several attempts were made to reach the summit via what is now known as the Normal Route. Five attempts were made over six weeks before Zurbriggen reached the summit alone on 14 January 1897. FitzGerald had been with Zurbriggen during the ascent, but on all attempts became nauseous at around . Eventually, fearing they would never reach the summit and the first ascent of Aconcagua would not be made, they sent Zurbriggen on alone.
A period of heavy snow followed Zurbriggen's ascent, during which no further attempts could be made, but FitzGerald continued the siege a month later. Again they became ill during the ascent, but on 13 February 1897, the Englishman Stuart Vines and Italian guide Nicola Lanti also reached the summit. Later in the expedition Vines and Zurbriggen also made the first ascent of Tupungato.
Career and personal life after Aconcagua
In 1900 FitzGerald joined the imperial yeomanry to fight in the South African War, where they received a commission as second lieutenant in the 5th dragoon guards, and first lieutenant in 1901. They were later transferred to the 6th (Inniskilling) Dragoons, and was promoted captain in 1906, and major in 1912. They were employed in the War Office from 1914 to 1919. In 1903 they stopped climbing after an accident in Zermatt and married traveller and author Ménie Muriel Dowie (1866–1945).
FitzGerald died on 2 January 1931 at London.
Legacy
FitzGerald is commemorated in the scientific name of a species of South American lizard, Liolaemus fitzgeraldi.
References
External links
1871 births
1931 deaths
American mountain climbers
William Lyon may refer to:
William Lyon (film editor) (1903–1974), American film editor
William John Lyon (1898–1941), New Zealand politician
William Lyon (bishop) (died 1617), English bishop
William Lyon (priest) (1883–1961), Anglican Archdeacon of Loughborough
William Durie Lyon (died 1893), Ontario business person and politician
William C. Lyon (born 1841), American politician
William P. Lyon (1822–1913), Wisconsin jurist and soldier
William Radenhurst Richmond Lyon (1820–1854), first reeve of Richmond, Ontario
Bill Lyon (1886–?), Australian rules footballer
Billy Lyon (born 1973), American football player
William Lyon (general) (1923–2020), USAF general
See also
William the Lion, King of the Scots
William Lyons (disambiguation)
Lyon (disambiguation)
John Thomas Thornton Shreeve (18 August 1917 – 30 July 1966) was an English professional footballer who played as a left back.
Career
After playing non-league football with Boldon Villa, Shreeve made 145 appearances in the Football League for Charlton Athletic.
References
1917 births
1966 deaths
English footballers
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
FA Cup Final players
No Kwang-chol (Korean: ; Hanja: 努光鐵; born 1956) is a North Korean soldier, a four-star general, and a member of the political bureau. They were elected as a member of the Supreme People's Assembly following the 2003 election and 2009 election. In the September 2010 Representative Conference, they were elected as an alternate (candidate) member of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea. In December 2011, Kim Jong Il died and they were included as one of the members of their funeral committee.
In June 2018, they were promoted from first vice minister to Minister of People's Armed Forces. In December 2019 they were replaced by Kim Jong-gwan. Between April 2019 to April 2020 they served as a member of the State Affairs Commission.
On June 12, 2018, Trump and Kim Jong-un were meeting in Singapore. At the meeting, Trump wanted to shake hands with No, who was accompanying Kim Jong-un in the meeting, but No did not shake hands but saluted Trump. After Trump hesitated, they saluted them and the two shook hands. Because the United States and North Korea are technically still at war, Trump's salute has triggered controversy and criticism of Trump in the United States.
References
1956 births
Living people
North Korean generals
People from Nampo
Members of the 8th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea
Blessed María Vicenta Rosal Vásquez (26 October 1815 - 24 August 1886) - in religious María de la Encarnación del Corazón de Jesús) was a Guatemalan Roman Catholic professed religious and a professed member from the Bethlemite Sisters. Rosal was an advocate of women's education and protection which proved to be a cause that was significant in view of the machismo culture that was pervasive in the region at the time.
Them beatification was celebrated in Rome in mid-1997; they are the first female Guatemalan to be beatified.
Life
María Vicenta Rosal Vásquez was born on 26 October 1820 in Quetzaltenango to Manuel Encarnación Rosal (25 March 1791 - 30 May 1851) and Leocadia Gertrudis Benitez Vásquez (December 9 1782 - 13 March 1846). Them mother was married with three children before being widowed in 1816 and later becoming a wife once more this time to Rosal on 18 November 1822. Them elder sister was Ana de la Soledad and an older brother was Isidro. Rosal was baptized on 27 October 1820 in their local parish of Espíritu Santo and they later received their Confirmation on 23 January 1840 in that same church.
Youth saw them attending galas and they did demonstrate vain tendencies on occasion which would cause them to receive reprimands from their elder sister Ana de la Soledad. Rosal was reminded that they had to fulfil their baptismal promises and Rosal accepted this and clarified they would change upon turning 20. Rosal soon befriended the Honduran girl Manuela Arbizú and the two spoke of the religious life as well as the Bethlemite Sisters whom their new friend had mentioned. The mentioning of this religious order piqued their interest and they soon dove into learning about them; they consulted with their parents and their confessor and soon decided to go to the convent to become a member of that order.
On 11 December 1837 they departed their home for the convent alongside their father and their brother Isidro as well as their friend Manuela and before entering the order visited the Santa Catalina and Santa Teresa monasteries as well as that of a Capuchin convent; their father did not like the excessive stops and wanted their daughter to be more decisive as to where to go. Rosal entered the Bethlemite Sisters on 1 January 1838 and assumed the new religious name of "María de la Encarnación del Corazón de Jesús" and they later made their vows on 26 January 1840. They received the habit on 16 July 1838 from the last Bethlemite priest Martín de San José. Them first confessor was Father Urbano Ugarte who had supported their entrance into the religious life. Rosal was frustrated with the religious standards the Bethlemites lived with but despite their frustration was appointed as the prioress of their convent in 1855. In that role they attempted to restore dedication to the original religious standards of their order and the resulting rancor with established members of their order caused them to found a new convent of the Bethlemite Sisters in Quetzeltenango in 1851. Them second confessor around this stage was the Jesuit priest Ignacio Taboada.
Rosal's progress at reform in Quetzeltenango was interrupted when Justo Rufino Barrios became the nation's president and began expelling members of religious orders. Rosal was exiled from Guatemala as a result of this and in 1877 founded the first school for women in Carthage in Costa Rica and also at Heredia not to far from there. But religious persecution spread to Costa Rica in due course and Rosal fled to Colombia where they established an orphanage and a refuge for women in Pasto. Rosal settled for one final time this time in Ecuador where they established convents for the Bethlemite Sisters in Tulcán and in Otavalo. Rosal busied themselves with the revision of the constitutions and the planning of new convents as well as their determination to better organize it and direct their efforts to its charism and work.
Rosal died on 24 August 1886 at 5:00am in Ecuador due to an accident horseback riding as they travelled between religious institutions. The nun decided to go on a trip with other nuns for their work and the accident then occurred not long after resulting in their death from their sustained injuries. Them remains are interred in Pasto and are incorrupt.
Beatification
The beatification process commenced in Pasto in an informative process that spanned from 14 March 1951 until its closure in 1952; there were fourteen witnesses all up that were interviewed with eight of those people having known them Eight members of the faithful were interviewed as were five Bethlemite nuns and one diocesan priest. Them writings received full approval from theologians on 18 April 1955 after it was confirmed their spiritual writings were all in line with official doctrine. The formal introduction to the cause on 5 April 1976 under Pope Paul VI and they became titled as a Servant of God. The Congregation for the Causes of Saints validated the informative process on 3 July 1992 in Rome and later received the Positio from the postulation in 1993. Historians approved the cause's direction on 9 March 1993 while theologians approved the cause on 11 November 1994 as did the C.C.S. on 7 February 1995. Pope John Paul II confirmed that Rosal lived a life of model heroic virtue and thus named them as Venerable on 6 April 1995.
The miracle for beatification was investigated and then received C.C.S. validation on 10 June 1994 before a board of medical experts approved it on 11 January 1996. The theologians also approved this on 16 April 1996 as did the C.C.S. on 2 July 1996 before John Paul II issued their final approval to this miracle on 17 December 1996 - the miracle in question was a 1975 healing from Colombia. John Paul II beatified Rosal on 4 May 1997 in Saint Peter's Square.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
1820 births
1886 deaths
19th-century Guatemalan people
19th-century venerated Christians
Guatemalan beatified people
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Catholic Church in Central America
Catholic Church in South America
Deaths by horse-riding accident
Guatemalan Roman Catholics
Guatemalan women
People from Quetzaltenango
19th-century Roman Catholic nuns
Venerated Catholics by Pope John Paul II
Kshetri Irabot Singh was an Indian politician, from Kakching, Manipur. They were born on April 8, 1938. Irabot obtained a M.A. (Political Science) degree from Gauhati University, after which they worked as a teacher. They joined the Communist Party of India in 1965, and would become a member of its Manipur State Council and Manipur State Executive.
They were elected to the Manipur Legislative Assembly from the Kakching constituency in the 1974 election. Irabot retained the Kakching seat in the 1980 elections. They lost the Kakching seat in the 1984 election, finishing in second place. They contested the Kakching seat in the 1990 election, finishing in second place.
References
1938 births
Communist Party of India politicians from Manipur
Year of death missing
Manipur MLAs 1974–1979
Manipur MLAs 1980–1984
Tomislav Lopatić (born 6 March 1963) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina biathlete. They competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Bosnia and Herzegovina male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Yugoslavia
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
People from Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Eugene "Gene" Desmond (born 1956) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer. Their league and championship career at senior level with the Cork county team lasted for the 1977-78 season.
Born in Cork, Desmond first played for the St Finbarr's club at juvenile and underage levels before joining the senior team. In a club career that lasted over a decade, they won two All-Ireland medals, three Munster medals and four county senior championship medals.
Desmond made their debut on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when they were selected for the Cork minor team. They enjoyed two championship seasons with the minor team, culminating with the winning of an All-Ireland medal as captain in 1974. Desmond subsequently joined the Cork under-21; however, their three seasons on that team ended without success. By this stage they had joined the Cork senior team and made their debut during the 1978 championship.
Honours
St Finbarr's
All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship (2): 1980, 1981
Munster Senior Club Football Championship (3): 1979, 1980, 1982
Cork Senior Football Championship (4): 1979, 1980, 1982, 1985
Cork
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship (1): 1974
Munster Minor Football Championship (2): 1973, 1974
References
1956 births
Living people
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
St Finbarr's Gaelic footballers
Robert Mackay was Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1922 to 1934.
They were educated at the University of Aberdeen and ordained in 1883. After a curacy at Edinburgh Cathedral they were Rector of Longside from 1845. During World War I they were a Chaplain to the Forces. They were the Synod Clerk for the Diocese of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1910 to 1922; and a Canon of Aberdeen Cathedral from 1914 to 1922.
Notes
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Deans of Aberdeen and Orkney
Camp Kinderwelt, (pronounced kin-der-velt, with Kinderwelt meaning Children's World in Yiddish and German) was a Jewish sleepaway summer camp of the New York chapter of the Farband labor Zionist landsmanschaft (mutual aid association). Located in Highland Mills, New York, Kinderwelt shared its with the Farband's adult summer colony Unser Camp (with Unser meaning Our in Yiddish and German). Kinderwelt, founded in the 1920s, remained in operation until 1971, with Unser closing the following year. Despite its Yiddish/German name, most of the children attending Kinderwelt spoke English, creating a linguistic divide with the Yiddish speaking adults at Unser, aside from the "cultural" divide between the mostly American born children and the mostly European born adults. After the creation of the State of Israel, mornings before breakfast and late afternoons before dinner found the campers assembled at two adjacent flagpoles: one with the flag of the United States, the other with the flag of Israel.
The year following the creation of the Young Poale Zion Alliance in 1931, Unser Camp played home to the YPZA's first Camp Kvutza, which then moved to Accord, New York in 1933.
An episode of the American TV sitcom The Nanny (Season:2 Episode 15: "Kindervelt Days") found its hero attending a Camp Kindervelt reunion party, reflecting the fact that some staffers of the show were former Kinderwelt campers.
Famous alumni include:
Leon Lederman, Nobel Prize in Physics in 1988 for their part in the discovery of the sub-atomic particle, the muon neutrino.
Sidney Lumet, American director, producer, and screenwriter with over 50 films to their credit. They were nominated five times for the Academy Award: four for Best Director for 12 Angry Men, Dog Day Afternoon, Network, and The Verdict, and one for Best Adapted Screenplay for Prince of the City.
Actor, David Opatashu.
Chana Bloch, an American poet, translator, and scholar. They were a professor emerita of English at Mills College in Oakland, California.
Henry Heller, a prolific author and one of the premier historical scholars on the French Renaissance and Reformation eras.
Dan Schlossberg, novelist and writer that has written more than 20 novels and over 10,000 articles on the topic of baseball.
Gabriel Macht, American actor and film producer best known for playing The Spirit in the eponymous 2008 film adaptation, as well as for their role as Harvey Specter on the USA Network series Suits, didn't go to camp, but their mom, Suzanne Pulier is a celebrated alumnus of Camp Kinderwelt.
Abraham Foxman, lawyer and activist. They were National Director of the Anti-Defamation League from 1987 to 2015 and is currently the League's National Director Emeritus. In March 2016, they became head of the Center for the Study of Anti-Semitism at the Museum of Jewish Heritage in New York City.
Manny Azenberg, an American theater producer and general manager whose professional relationship with playwright Neil Simon spanned over 30 years, their credits also include Rent and The Wiz. Manny is also the nephew of actor Wolf Barzel, who was in Unser Camp and son of Charlie Azenberg, who was a manager of Unser Camp.
Zvi Schooler, an actor, was also a Camp Director.
Jules Dassin, film director.
Jerome Robbins, choreographer, director, dancer theater producer, and is a recipient of a Kennedy Center Honor
David Opatashu, actor
Published writers who went to Camp Kinderwelt include Fradle Pomerantz Freidenreich, Barry Sheinkopf, Irwin Wall, Gerd, Stern Myron Pulier, Sylvia Boorstein, Leonard Michaels, Dori Weinstein, Steve Haines, Martin Smith, Allen Weinstein and David Friedman.
Artists include painter Donna Levinstone, Ellen Pushkin and jewelry designer Judith Ripka.
External links
Unser Pamphlet
Kinderwelt Matchbook
Camp Kinderwelt Website
See also
Farband
References
"Accord 1933" by Jocob Lemberger in Adventures in Pioneering: Twenty-Five Years of Habonim Camping
Jew vs. Jew: The Struggle for the Soul of American Jewry by Samuel G. Freedman.
Kinderwelt
Zionist youth movements
Orange County, New York
1971 disestablishments
Yiddish culture in New York (state)
Child-related organizations in the United States
The men's pole vault event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27 February–1 March.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification Performance: 5.65 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
Final
References
Qualification results
Final results
Pole vaults at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Pole
Cindarella is genus of trilobite-like Cambrian arthropod known from the Chengjiang biota of China. It is classified in the stem group of trilobites (Artiopoda) in the clade Xandarellida, along with Phytophilaspis, Sinoburius, and Xandarella.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
Cinderella
References
External links
Trilobite Systematic Relationships
Cambrian arthropods
Maotianshan shales fossils
Artiopoda
Cambrian genus extinctions
Sofie Karasek (born June 25, 1993) is an American advocate for women's rights and the fight against sexual assault. In 2013, they helped launch a national movement to hold universities accountable for sweeping sexual harm under the rug under Title IX, and was a key driver behind California's "Yes Means Yes" law. They co-founded the advocacy organization called End Rape on Campus (EROC) in 2013.
Early life
Karasek grew up in Cambridge, Massachusetts and attended Cambridge Rindge and Latin High School. They also lived in Copenhagen, Denmark for several years during their childhood.
University of California, Berkeley
Karasek became a prominent advocate against campus sexual assault while they were a student at UC Berkeley. After they were sexually assaulted in 2012 and their case was mishandled by the university, they connected with Annie Clark and Andrea Pino who were speaking out against similar cover-ups at UNC Chapel Hill. They went on to file federal complaints against Berkeley under Title IX and the Clery Act and was instrumental in creating the 2013-2016 wave of the movement against campus rape. They also organized others to file cases.
In 2015, Karasek was featured in the documentary, The Hunting Ground. They were on stage with Lady Gaga at the 2016 Academy Awards "Till It Happens To You" performance.
End Rape on Campus
Karasek co-founded End Rape on Campus (EROC) in 2013. During their time there, they were a key force in passing laws for survivors' rights across the country, including "Yes Means Yes" in California. They served as the education director of EROC and they left the organization in 2017. They also started the #DearBetsy campaign in January 2017.
Additional advocacy
In February 2018, Karasek argued in the New York Times that America needs institutional responses to sexual harm that prioritize both justice and healing. She's also written for The Guardian and Teen Vogue.
References
External links
Official site
American women activists
American women's rights activists
University of California, Berkeley alumni
People from Cambridge, Massachusetts
Living people
1993 births
21st-century American women
is the fourth addition to the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime meta-series, as well as the 1st main spin-off series. The plot revolves around Jaden Yuki and their friends, and tells of their adventures at Duel Academy. The fourth season, the Nightshroud Saga, covers their graduation from the Academy.
This is the only season of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX that has not yet been dubbed in English.
Episodes
References
2007 Japanese television seasons
2008 Japanese television seasons
GX (season 4)
Summit Lake, elevation 710 m (2329 ft), is a lake in the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located to the north of the city of Prince George. It is the namesake of the community of the same name, which lies alongside the John Hart Highway to the south of the community of McLeod Lake (Fort McLeod). It is at the head of the Crooked River, which flows north to McLeod Lake.
Summit Lake is situated at the divide between the Fraser and Peace basins and so is at the divide between the Pacific and Arctic drainages. As such, it is also the location of the prominence col for Pico de Orizaba, in relation to Denali, meaning also that it is one of the lowest locations along the Continental Divide of North America north of Mexico.
References
Lakes of British Columbia
Great Divide of North America
Cariboo Land District
Hannah Sylvester (January 19, 1903 – October 15, 1973) was an American blues singer who performed in the classic female blues style, which was popular during the 1920s. They were billed as "Harlem's Mae West".
Biography
Sylvester was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and sang and danced from the age of three.  They are thought to have moved to New York City about 1920. In the early 1920s they appeared at the Paradise Cafe in Atlantic City, New Jersey. In 1923 they recorded eleven sides with the Fletcher Henderson Orchestra. Thereafter they toured the theater circuit in vaudeville shows throughout the 1920s. In the early 1930s they appeared in numerous revues in New York City. In 1931 they performed with the Fletcher Henderson Orchestra at the Howard Theater, in Washington, D.C., for broadcast on WSJV radio. They toured with the Snooky Russell Orchestra in 1940.
By the early 1950s Sylvester worked primarily outside music; they tended bar at the Celebrity Club in New York City and occasionally sang there with the Buddy Tate Band. They appeared in the X-Glamour Girls revue in New York City in 1962. In that year they recorded for Victoria Spivey's Spivey Records.
Sylvester died in New York City on October 15, 1973.
Notes
References
Harris, Sheldon (1994). Blues Who's Who (rev. ed.). New York: Da Capo Press. .
Stewart-Baxter, Derrick (1970). Ma Rainey and the Classic Blues Singers. London: Studio Vista. .
1903 births
1973 deaths
Classic female blues singers
Vaudeville performers
Musicians from Philadelphia
Singers from Pennsylvania
20th-century African-American women singers
Mikkel Bjørn Sørensen (born 19 October 1995) is a Danish schoolteacher who from October 2016 to October 2021 served as the first national chairperson of The New Right Youth (Danish: Nye Borgerliges Ungdom). In April 2022 they became lead candidate of The New Right (Nye Borgerlige) for the general election on Funen after previously having run in the municipal elections in Vejle Municipality and the 2019 general election in South Jutland Constituency.
Time in youth politics
Young Conservatives
Mikkel Bjørn Sørensen began in Young Conservatives (Konservativ Ungdom), where they became local chairperson for KU Vejle. They belonged to the national conservative White Wing (Hvid Fløj) in the youth party. In 2016 they are, along to other members of KU, excluded, allegedly after in a closed Facebook group having evinced that they did not wish to vote for The Conservative People's Party, which was considered disloyal. At KU's national council about 140 voted in favor of and 112 against the exclusion.
The New Right Youth
In October 2016 Mikkel Bjørn Sørensen was elected as the first chairperson of The New Right Youth. In October 2021 they were succeeded by Malte Larsen.
Candidate in municipal and general election
In the municipal elections of 2017 Sørensen ran for The New Right in Vejle Municipality, where they achieved 33 personal votes. In the general election in 2019 they ran in South Jutland Constituency and gained 46 personal votes. In April 2022 they were appointed as the party's lead candidate in Funen Constituency for the up-coming general election.
References
External links
Mikkel Bjørn Sørensen's personal website
Mikkel Bjørn Sørensen's articles in Årsskriftet Critique
The New Right (Denmark) politicians
1995 births
Living people
Angelo Polledri (18 January 1904 – 18 July 1997) was an Italian coxswain.
Polledri was born in Piacenza in 1904. At the 1927 European Rowing Championships, they won gold with the men's eight. The same team competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam where they were eliminated in the quarter-final. Polledri was the last survivor of the team and died on 18 July 1997.
References
1904 births
1997 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Piacenza
Coxswains (rowing)
European Rowing Championships medalists
The Syndiniales are an order of early branching dinoflagellates (also known as Marine Alveolates, "MALVs"), found as parasites of crustaceans, fish, algae, cnidarians, and protists (ciliates, radiolarians, other dinoflagellates). The trophic form is often multinucleate, and ultimately divides to form motile spores, which have two flagella in typical dinoflagellate arrangement. They lack a theca and chloroplasts, and unlike all other orders, the nucleus is never a dinokaryon. A well-studied example is Amoebophrya, which is a parasite of other dinoflagellates and may play a part in ending red tides. Several MALV groups have been assigned to Syndiniales; recent studies, however, show paraphyly of MALVs suggesting that only those groups that branch as sister to dinokaryotes ('core dinoflagellates') belong to Syndiniales.
Taxonomy
Class Syndiniophyceae Loeblich III, 1976 [Syndinea]
Order Syndiniales Loeblich III 1976 [Coccidinales Chatton & Biecheler 1934]
Family Hematodiniidae
Genus Hematodinium Chatton & Poisson 1930
Family Coccidiniaceae [Coccidinidae Chatton & Biecheler 1934]
Genus Coccidinium Chatton & Biecheler 1934
Family Euduboscquellidae Coats, Bachvaroff & Delwiche 2012
Genus Euduboscquella Coats, Bachvaroff & Delwiche 2012
Family Syndiniaceae Chatton 1920
Genus Trypanodinium Chatton 1912
Genus Merodinium Chatton 1923
Genus Syndinium Chatton 1910 [Atelodinium Chatton 1920; Synhemidinium Chatton 1952 nom. illeg.; Solenodinium (Chatton 1923) Chatton 1952]
Family Amoebophryaceae Cachon 1964 ex Loeblich III 1970 [Amoebophryidae]
Genus Amoebophrya Koeppen 1894 [Hyalosaccus Koeppen 1899]
Family Sphaeriparaceae Loeblich III 1970
Genus Actinodinium Chatton & Hovasse 1937
Genus Caryotoma Hollande 1953
Genus Atlanticellodinium Cachon & Cachon-Enjumet 1965
Genus Sphaeripara Poche 1911 [Lohmannia Neresheimer 1903 non Michael 1898; Lohmanella Neresheimer 1904 non Trouessart 1901; Neresheimeria Übel 1912]
See also
Duboscquella
References
Syndiniophyceae
Parasitic alveolates
Dinoflagellate orders
Launchpad is an anthology series of American independent short films produced by Walt Disney Pictures. The films are created by various filmmakers from diverse and underrepresented racial, social, and cultural backgrounds.
Submissions for Launchpad began in June 2019 and selected the final round of filmmakers were selected by Disney in December 2019, from a pool of 1,000 applicants. Disney financed the films and allowed the filmmakers to mentor with creative executives from various Walt Disney Studios film divisions, as well as the opportunity to receive educational classes provided by the American Film Institute. The first season was centered on the theme of "discover", which the participants were instructed to create stories around. Development process began in February 2020, but production on the first season of films was delayed due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
American Eid, Dinner Is Served, Growing Fangs, The Last of the Chupacabras, Let's Be Tigers, and The Little Prince(ss), the six films of the first season of Launchpad, were released on Disney+ on May 28, 2021. The series has received praise for showcasing diversity and themes of inclusivity not typically addressed in mainstream Hollywood productions. A second season, focusing on the theme of "connection", is currently in development.
Films
Season 1 (2021)
American Eid
Sisters Ameena and Zainab, two Muslim Pakistani immigrants, process the difficulties of living in a new place, including the lack of awareness their school has for their holiday of Eid.
Dinner Is Served
A Chinese student attending an American boarding school tries out for a leadership position never attained by an international student.
Growing Fangs
Val Garcia, a Mexican-American teen who is half human/half vampire, maintains their identity a secret from both worlds, until their human best friend shows up at their monster-infested school.
The Last of the Chupacabras
A lonely Mexican-American woman struggling to carry on their traditions unknowingly summons a dark and ancient creature known as a chupacabra.
Let's Be Tigers
Avalon, a grief-stricken young woman who has recently lost their mother, is tasked to babysit a young boy named Noah for an evening.
The Little Prince(ss)
Two young Chinese boys, Gabriel and Rob, befriend each other. Rob's father becomes suspicious about Gabriel's feminine behavior and love of ballet and decides to intervene.
Season 2 (2023)
Music
Reception
Critical reception
Kristen Yoonsoo Kim of The New York Times praised the series for approaching underrepresented groups of people across short films that are also made by minority filmmakers, found some of the shorts to be charming and sincere, while complimenting the dark tone of other films, stating they engage with somber stories and do not provide a predictable happy ending. Jade Budowski of Decider found the short film Dinner Is Served impressively moving and praised the performances of the cast members, while stating the other films still manage to provide stories that are delightful and essential from fresh perspectives. Ashley Moulton of Common Sense Media rated the series 4 out of 5 stars, acclaimed the presence of positives messages, citing self-authenticity and pride, and praised the presence of role models, stating the series highlights underrepresented groups, while complimenting the educational value for its depiction of different cultures. Josh Spiegel of SlashFilm rated the anthology series 8 out of 10, found that each short manages to have a distinct identity across the series, complimented the filmmakers for providing thoughtful and dark stories, and hoped the series to get a second season with new stories that stays both different and unexpected.
Accolades
The series was nominated for Outstanding Short-Form Series - Comedy or Drama at the 2022 NAACP Image Awards.
References
External links
2021 short films
Disney+ original programming
American short films
Walt Disney Pictures films
Films about race and ethnicity
LGBT-related short films
Film productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
2020s English-language films
Neontology is a part of biology that, in contrast to paleontology, deals with living (or, more generally, recent) organisms. It is the study of extant taxa (singular: extant taxon): taxa (such as species, genera and families) with members still alive, as opposed to (all) being extinct. For example:
The moose (Alces alces) is an extant species, and the dodo (Raphus cucullatus) is an extinct species.
In the group of molluscs known as the cephalopods, there were approximately 600 extant species and 7,500 extinct species.
A taxon can be classified as extinct if it is broadly agreed or certified that no members of the group are still alive. Conversely, an extinct taxon can be reclassified as extant if there are new discoveries of living species ("Lazarus species"), or if previously-known extant species are reclassified as members of the taxon.
Most biologists, zoologists, and botanists are in practice neontologists, and the term neontologist is used largely by paleontologists referring to non-paleontologists. Stephen Jay Gould said of neontology:
All professions maintain their parochialisms, and I trust that nonpaleontological readers will forgive our major manifestation. We are paleontologists, so we need a name to contrast ourselves with all you folks who study modern organisms in human or ecological time. You therefore become neontologists. We do recognize the unbalanced and parochial nature of this dichotomous division.
Neontological evolutionary biology has a temporal perspective between 100 and 1000 years. Neontology's fundamental basis relies on models of natural selection as well as speciation. Neontology's methods, when compared to evolutionary paleontology, have a greater emphasis on experiments. There are more frequent discontinuities present in paleontology than in neontology, because paleontology involves extinct taxa. Neontology has organisms actually present and available to sample and perform research on. Neontology's research method uses cladistics to examine morphologies and genetics. Neontology data has more emphasis on genetic data and the population structure than paleontology does.
Information gaps
When the scientific community accepted the synthetic theory of evolution, taxonomies became phylogenetic. As a result, information gaps arose within the fossil record of species, especially in Homo sapiens. The anthropologists who accepted the synthetic theory reject the idea of an "ape-man" because the concept had mistaken paleontology with neontology. An ape-man, in actuality, would be a primate with traits that would represent anything in between humans and the other great apes. If the concept of an ape-man were based on neontology, then our phenotype would resemble Bigfoot. Since the concept was based on paleontology, the idea of an ape-man could possibly be represented by the fossil hominids.
Extant taxa versus extinct taxa
Neontology studies extant (living) taxa and recently extinct taxa, but declaring a taxon to be definitively extinct is difficult. Taxa that have previously been declared extinct may reappear over time. Species that were once considered extinct and then reappear unscathed are characterized by the term "the Lazarus effect", or are also called a Lazarus species. For example, a study determined that 36% of supposed mammalian extinction had been proven, while the other 64% had insufficient evidence to be declared extinct or had been rediscovered. Currently, the International Union for Conservation of Nature considers a taxon to be recently extinct if the extinction occurred after 1500 C.E. A recently considered extinct mammal was the Bouvier's red colobus monkey, who was considered extinct up until 2015 when it was rediscovered after 40 years with no recorded sightings.
Neontology importance
Neontology's fundamental theories rely on biological models of natural selection and speciation that connect genes, the unit of heredity with the mechanism of evolution by natural selection. For example, researchers utilized neontological and paleontological datasets to study nonhuman primate dentition compared with human dentition. In order to understand the underlying genetic mechanisms that influence this variation between nonhuman primates and humans, neontological methods are applied to the research method. By incorporating neontology with different biological research methods, it can become clear how genetic mechanisms underlie major events in processes such as primate evolution.
References
Biology
Holocene
Pope Paul VI () created 143 cardinals in six consistories. Their predecessor Pope John XXIII had disregarded the centuries-long tradition that limited the College of Cardinals to seventy members, increasing its size to as high as 88 in 1961. Paul continued this practice, and with their appointments the College grew to 103 in 1965, 118 in 1967, 134 in 1969. They then instituted a new rule that diminished the significance of the size of the College. In November 1970 they announced that as of 1 January 1971 only a cardinal who had not yet reached their 80th birthday would be allowed to enter a conclave. When the 1973 consistory increased the size of the College to 145, the number of those under 80 who constituted the cardinal electors was 117. In 1975, they set the maximum number of cardinal electors at 120. Each of their later consistories in 1976 and 1977 brought the number of electors to the full complement of 120.
Three of those Paul named a cardinal became pope, Pope John Paul I, Pope John Paul II, and Pope Benedict XVI, who is the last survivor of the cardinals whom Paul named. Among the others they made cardinal were the first from Benin (Gantin), the Dominican Republic (Beras Rojas), Indonesia (Darmojuwono), Madagascar (Rakotomalala), Nigeria (Ekandem), Senegal (Thiandoum), Sri Lanka (Cooray), Switzerland (Journet), and Vietnam (Trịnh).
22 February 1965
When Paul VI added members to the College for the first time, they increased its numbers from 76 to 103, raising the number of Italians from 26 to 32. The 27 they named included the first cardinal from Sri Lanka and Switzerland, the second black African, and three Eastern Rite Patriarchs. They assigned the patriarchs to the College's highest rank, cardinal bishop, which was previously reserved to six cardinals assigned as bishops of sees near Rome. They said that the growth of the College did not suggest a lesser role for the world's bishops, but reflected the fact that "The proportions of the Church are no longer those of the 16th century".
The ceremonies were reduced from four to two, though still scheduled to extend over four days. At the second, public ceremony, the pope and the new cardinals concelebrated Mass for the first time on such an occasion and Paul, after addressing them briefly in Latin, spoke in Italian "because it is easier for us" and then in French, English, German, and Spanish. The language of the rite was adapted slightly for the patriarchs, and the new cardinals did not demonstrate their obedience by prostrating themselves at the pope's feet. Before the consistory, the Vatican restricted the use of silk in cardinals' attire.
Pope Paul created 27 cardinals on 22 February: the three patriarchs joined the order of cardinal bishops, twenty became cardinal priests, and four cardinal deacons. The patriarchs' relationship to their sees remained unchanged. On 25 February they assigned the others their titles and deaconries, except for Herrera Oria, who received their red biretta from Spain's Francisco Franco on 1 March and then their titular church assignment from Pope Paul on 26 March.
26 June 1967
Pope Paul announced the names of 27 new cardinals on 29 May 1967, and the consistory that followed increased the College from 93 to 118 members, a new high. Twenty were European, including 12 Italians. They again simplified the cardinals' attire and reduced the number of their attendants, but reorganized the ceremonies into three events.
On 26 June Pope Paul created 23 cardinals of the order of cardinal priests and four cardinal deacons. Some 24 of the 27 assembled in the Pius XII auditorium and there received notes that Paul had named them in the closed ceremony. Pope Paul gave 24 of them their titular assignments and deaconries on 29 June. The other three, papal nuncios to Italy (Grano), Portugal (Fürstenberg), and Spain (Riberi), followed the custom of receiving their notices and their red birettas from the head of the government to which they were posted. Pope Paul gave them their birettas and titular churches on 15 July.
28 April 1969
On 29 March 1969, Pope Paul announced they would increase the size of the College to 134 at a consistory on 28 April. They named 33 new cardinals from 19 countries, the largest group of new cardinals ever created at a consistory until then (later surpassed when John Paul II created 44 cardinals in 2001), and withheld the names of two more. As part of three ceremonies, a new procedure required each to swear an oath of secrecy to "not divulge to their damage or discredit the councils entrusted to me, either directly or indirectly, without the consent of the Holy See".
On 28 April 1969, Pope Paul created 24 cardinals of the order of cardinal priests and nine of the order of cardinal deacons. On 30 April they gave them their red birettas and assigned their titular churches and deaconries. Of the two cardinals they created in pectore, they revealed the name of Štěpán Trochta on 5 March 1973, and at the same time they announced that the other was Iuliu Hossu of Rumania, who died in 1970 without being recognized as a cardinal.
Cardinal in pectore
5 March 1973
On 2 February 1973, Pope Paul released the names of thirty new cardinals from 17 countries. The consistory on 5 March brought the number of cardinals to 145, with 117 young enough to serve as cardinal electors. The College had never been larger before, but the size of 145 would regularly be surpassed from 1985 on. The Vatican announced on 12 February that the ceremonies for creating cardinals would be simplied and shortened. Each cardinal's red hat would be delivered by messenger, not ceremoniously imposed by the pope.
At the consistory on 5 March, a one-day ceremony that replaced a series of ceremonies spread across five days, Pope Paul created 24 cardinals of the order of cardinal priests and six of the order of cardinal priests. They gave red birettas and titular church and deaconry assignments to the 29 who were present, all but Jubany Arnau whose health prevented them from attending. They revealed the names of two prelates they had made cardinals in pectore in 1969: Stepan Trochta of Czechoslovakia and Iuliu Hossu of Rumania, who died in 1970. They discussed plans to modify procedures for papal elections, as they later did by limiting the number of electors to 120. They mentioned other ideas they never implemented like adding as voters the patriarchs of the Eastern Rite churches even if not cardinals and allowing the leadership of the Synod of Bishops to participate as electors.
24 May 1976
On 27 April 1976, Pope Paul announced plan to create 19 cardinals on 24 May 1976. They said they were not announcing the names of two more they would make cardinals in pectore. In the event, Trin Nhu Khue, Archbishop of Hanoi, was able to attend the ceremony, leaving only one name secret. On 24 May Pope Paul created twenty cardinals, assigning titular churches to fourteen cardinal priests and deaconries to six cardinal deacons.
The appointments brought the number of cardinal electors to 120 and number of cardinals to 137. They had set the maximum number of electors at 120 in October 1975 in Romano Pontifici eligendo.
Cardinal in pectore
27 June 1977
On 2 June 1977, Pope Paul announced that they would create four new cardinals on 27 June. On 27 June Pope Paul created these four cardinals and announced the name of Tomášek, created in pectore a year earlier. Four of the five were assigned their titular churches and Gantin their deaconry. All were young enough to serve as papal electors. This brought the membership of the College of Cardinals to 137 and the number of cardinal electors up to the limit of 120. By one account, this "mini-consistory" was held principally for Benelli, who was being made Archbishop of Florence after ten years as Substitute at the Secretariat of State. Paul himself, at a similar stage of a similar career, had been appointed Archbishop of Milan in 1954 but not made a cardinal by Pius XII. This treatment of Benelli prompted speculation that Paul was designating them their successor or preparing to retire when they reached 80 later in the year.
Notes
References
External links
Paul VI
20th-century Catholicism
College of Cardinals
Pope Paul VI
The Pampas meadowlark (Leistes defilippii) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae. It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay.
Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland, pampas grassland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and pastureland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
Range of the Pampas meadowlark - Oiseaux.net
Pampas meadowlark
Birds of the Pampas
Pampas meadowlark
Pampas meadowlark
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"9 Piece" is a song by American rapper Rick Ross. There are two versions, one featuring T.I. and the other – Lil Wayne. The song was originally placed on Ross' mixtape Ashes to Ashes and later released as a single from their fifth studio album, God Forgives, I Don't (2011). However, despite peaking at number 61 on the Billboard Hot 100, the song did not make the final cut for the album. In 2013, "9 Piece" was featured on the soundtrack of Sofia Coppola's film The Bling Ring.
Background
"9 Piece" was produced by Lex Luger, with whom Ross had previously worked on the single "B.M.F. (Blowin' Money Fast)", as well as "MC Hammer" off of their 2010 studio album Teflon Don. The original version of "9 Pieces" with a guest verse by T.I. was featured on Ross' mixtape Ashes to Ashes, which was released on December 24, 2010. A new version was recorded later, with Lil Wayne replacing T.I. The second version was released as a single from God Forgives, I Don't on May 10, 2011. Despite being a commercial success, the song was left out of the final track list for the album.
Music video
Each version of the song has its own music video. The first video was directed by MMG's in-house director Spiff TV, and was released on December 24, 2010, coinciding with the release of Ashes to Ashes. The official music video for the second version, directed by Gil Green, was released on June 24, 2011. It shows Rick Ross and Lil Wayne at various locations, including a restaurant, its parking lot, a strip club and a pool club. The rappers are organizing drug deals via their iPhones while under police surveillance. The video features cameo appearances from Gunplay, Ace Hood, Torch, Young Breed, 8Ball & MJG, DJ Khaled, French Montana and Birdman. Alex Young of Consequence of Sound commented on the video: "Strippers, guns, drugs, and…iPhones? Check, check, check, and check." As of May 2014, it has gained over 4 million views on YouTube.
The Bling Ring
"9 Piece" was featured on the soundtrack of the 2013 crime film The Bling Ring, directed by Sofia Coppola. The soundtrack was supervised by frequent Coppola collaborator Brian Reitzell and contains a mix of music ranging between hip-hop, krautrock and electronic. Reitzell tried to find contemporary music that would fit within the film's setting, commenting "I spent a few months listening to everything that is out now, and then going back a bit to when the story actually happened." "9 Piece" is featured in one of the first scenes of the film, where the characters of Katie Chang and Claire Julien are seen rapping to the song, while it's playing from their car's stereo system.
Chart performance
Certifications
Release history
References
2011 singles
Rick Ross songs
T.I. songs
Lil Wayne songs
Song recordings produced by Lex Luger (musician)
Songs written by Rick Ross
Songs written by T.I.
Songs written by Lil Wayne
2010 songs
Songs written by Lex Luger (musician)
Francis Byron De Witt (March 11, 1849 – March 21, 1929) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1895 to 1897.
Biography
Born in Jackson County, Indiana, De Witt moved with their parents in 1854 to a farm in Delaware County, Ohio.
During the Civil War enlisted in the Forty-sixth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, at the age of twelve.
Mustered out for temporary disability and reenlisted in 1862 in the One Hundred and Twenty-first Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and served until the close of the war.
Prisoner of war in Salisbury, Danville, and Libby Prisons.
They attended the common schools and high school in Galena, Ohio, National Normal School, Lebanon, Ohio, and Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, Ohio.
They moved to Paulding, Ohio, in 1872 and taught school.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1875 and practiced their profession in Paulding until 1891, when they engaged in agricultural pursuits.
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1892-1895.
Congress
De Witt was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1895 – March 3, 1897).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1896.
Later career and death
They resumed agricultural pursuits near Paulding, Ohio.
They moved to Standish, Michigan, in 1903 and resumed the practice of law.
They served as register of deeds.
They served as member of the Michigan House of Representatives 1920-1922.
De Witt was elected prosecuting attorney of Arenac County, Michigan, in 1926.
They were reelected in 1928 and served until their death in Standish, Michigan, on March 21, 1929.
They were interred in Live Oak Cemetery, Paulding, Ohio.
Sources
1849 births
1929 deaths
People from Paulding, Ohio
National Normal University alumni
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
American Civil War prisoners of war
People from Arenac County, Michigan
People from Delaware County, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Dicksonia, also known as the Turner-Dickson House, was a historic plantation house just south of Lowndesboro, Alabama, United States. Dating back to 1830, it was destroyed by fire twice. The house was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1934 and the ruins were later featured in the 1993 book Silent in the Land. For the May 1999 issue of Vanity Fair magazine, Annie Leibovitz did a photo shoot of Natalie Portman at the ruins on February 7, 1999.
Construction and history
Dicksonia was originally a two-story house with a small one-story portico in front, built in 1830 by David White. But, in 1856, the house was purchased by Wiley Turner, who hired an architect to remodel the house into a Greek Revival mansion, very similar in appearance to nearby Meadowlawn. The front porch was removed and a monumental two-story portico extending around two sides of the house was added, supported by twelve fluted Doric columns. Elaborate cornice brackets, reflecting an Italianate influence, met at the roofline. The architecture of the house was also noted to show a Mississippi influence. Banisters of intricate design framed the porticoes. The front door had sidelights and an overhead transom. The door upstairs, also with sidelights, opened onto a wrought iron balcony directly over the front door. A side balcony of wooden banisters adorned the upstairs on the west side of the house. A central hall ran the length of the house, with a staircase leading to the second floor. Sometime before 1900, the separate kitchen was added to the house proper. Water was supplied by a windmill at this time.
Shem Arthur Tyson and their wife Mary (Toler) Tyson bought the house and land, known as the "Turner Home Track," from the Wiley Turner family. On November 29, 1901, the house and of land was sold to Robert Stiles Dickson, who named the mansion Dicksonia.
Destruction
The first Dicksonia, built of wood, burned in 1939. It was replaced by a cast-concrete and steel replica in 1940. The rebuilt house had the same floor-plan as the first, with one difference. This time the monumental portico was rebuilt only across the front, instead of two sides of the house, due to the high cost of producing monumental Doric columns in concrete at the time. Although intended to be fireproof, the second incarnation of Dicksonia burned in 1964. This time the family could not rebuild it, due to extreme heat damage to the foundation. The empty shell and columns were left as a picturesque ivy-covered ruin, on private property without public access.
Recent Events
The property is now available to the public on a limited basis. The current owner, Dorothy Dickson Skipper, has made significant improvements to the grounds and visibility of the building proper. Dicksonia Plantation is being advertised as a historical rental venue at Dorothy Skipper Rental, LLC on Facebook, with current photos. In 2015 a beautiful family wedding was held in front of the building, and numerous photo shoots have taken place since the improvements.
References
Greek Revival houses in Alabama
Plantation houses in Alabama
Houses in Lowndes County, Alabama
Demolished buildings and structures in Alabama
1830 establishments in Alabama
Burned houses in the United States
AllTrials (sometimes called All Trials or AllTrials.net) is a project advocating that clinical research adopt the principles of open research. The project summarizes itself as "All trials registered, all results reported": that is, all clinical trials should be listed in a clinical trials registry, and their results should always be shared as open data.
At the center of the organisation is a petition signed by over 85,000 individuals and
599 organisations (as of August 2015):
Ben Goldacre, author of Bad Science and Bad Pharma, is a founder of the campaign and its most public spokesperson. In 2016 they participated in the launch of the OpenTrials database.
AllTrials is an international initiative of Bad Science, BMJ, Centre for Evidence-based Medicine, Cochrane Collaboration, James Lind Initiative, PLOS and Sense About Science and is being led in the US by Sense About Science USA, Dartmouth's Geisel School of Medicine and the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy & Clinical Practice.
Issues addressed
The project is a reaction to under-reporting of research.
A substantial proportion (estimates range from one-third to one-half) of medical research goes unpublished. It has also been shown that negative findings are less likely to be published than positive ones, even in the absence of conflicts of interest.
Much medical research is done by the pharmaceutical industry, which have a conflict of interest reporting results which may hurt sales of their products. There is a measurable funding bias in reporting; studies have shown that published drug studies funded by pharmaceutical companies are much more likely to support the use of the tested drug than studies with other funding. Industry-funded trials are also less likely to be published.
If the statistical methods used to analyse the trial are not chosen before the study it started, there is a danger that researchers will intentionally or unintentionally pick the method that gives the results they expect, or which gives the most significant results. This makes the analysis statistically invalid.
Not publishing trials which fail to find a clear effect exposes trial volunteers to pointless risk and wastes research effort (as the same trial is repeated over and over). It also biases the medical literature, making it report effects where none exist (since, given enough trials, eventually one will find a difference by pure chance).
Pre-trial registration makes non-publication and changes in analysis methods obvious to medical reviewers. It also enables authors of meta-studies to track down and analyse missing data. Finally, it lets doctors and patients know when a trial is looking for volunteers.
There are other sources of bias, such as the conditions sometimes attached to funding by funding agencies with a financial interest in the trial's outcome. Medical researchers may be asked to agree to allow the funding agency to censor results. Some funding agencies may also refuse to give the medical researcher access to the raw data, giving them only the finished analysis, or even a draft paper, and asking them to put their name to it. This is not acceptable academic practice, and some academic journals require that authors sign a statement that they have not entered into such agreements.
Ben Goldacre, a physician and spokesperson for the campaign, would like to address the systematic flaws in clinical research which cause data to be lost after it is gathered.
Coverage
The campaign has been widely covered, and supported, in the academic press. The British Medical Journal and PLOS are founding members. Nature and The Lancet both published supportive articles in January 2014.
There has also been mainstream media coverage.
Controversy
There has been criticism from the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), with senior vice-president Matt Bennett saying that trial data disclosure measures which AllTrials has recommended to the European Medicines Agency "could risk patient privacy, lead to fewer clinical trials, and result in fewer new medicines to meet patient needs and improve health.".
AllTrials have published a detailed statement of exactly what they want to see published, which states "The AllTrials campaign is not calling for individual patient data to be made publicly available".
A 2012 editorial published by senior regulators from the European Medicines agency largely agreed with AllTrials, saying "We consider it neither desirable nor realistic to maintain the status quo of limited availability of regulatory trials data". They were also of the opinion that adequate standards for protection of personal data could be written. However, they warned that third party reanalysis was neither a guarantee of quality nor of lack of conflict of interest, which, in the worst case, could lead to negative public health consequences.
They suggested that reanalyses should therefore be subject to the same regulations as sponsor analyses, such as registering analysis plans. They argued against completely unrestricted access to data, but in favor of broader access. AllTrials is not calling for completely unrestricted access to raw data, so the scope of disagreements is limited to what restrictions should be in place.
Supporters
The campaign is an initiative of Sense About Science, Centre for Evidence Based Medicine, The Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice, James Lind Alliance, Cochrane Collaboration, BMJ Group, PLOS, and Bad Science. The petition statement of AllTrials has been signed by organizations including Wellcome Trust, British Library, Medical Research Council (UK), British Heart Foundation, Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Health Care, National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, BioMed Central, National Physicians Alliance, Royal Society of Medicine, Health Research Authority, American Medical Student Association, GlaxoSmithKline, and others.
As of May 2017, The AllTrials petition has been signed by 90,282 people and 721 organisations. In October 2016, AllTrials published a road map detailing steps that various types of organisations can take to get more trials registered and more results reported.
85 investors with >€3.5 trillion (£2.45trn; $3.83trn) of investments have supported AllTrials (as of July 2015), with Peter van der Werf of RobecoSAM saying: "We deem this to be a financially material factor and encourage all companies to gain credibility regarding their approach to clinical trial transparency by signing up to the AllTrials principles.". The Laura and John Arnold Foundation provided early and ongoing financial support.
The original policy of the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations required that funded parties pre-register any trials in a clinical trials registry, publish results within a year of study completion (except with compelling reason and permission of CEPI), publish results in open-access articles, and have mechanisms for securely sharing underlying data and results, including negative results, in a way that preserves trial volunteer privacy. In May 2018 the CEPI proposed changing the policy to remove these provisions. The policy was changed by the CEPI in December 2018.
Opponents
The European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations and Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America have expressed interest in lobbying against the campaign. Campaign supporters criticized Hoffmann-La Roche's plans to be more open but not to the extent requested by AllTrials.
See also
Clinical data repository
Conflicts of interest in academic publishing
Monitoring in clinical trials
Metascience
Privacy for research participants
Evidence-based medicine
Clinical trials publication
Censoring (clinical trials)
References
External links
Where's the rest of the data iceberg?, a video presentation by Ben Goldacre at TEDMED
Clinical research
Human subject research
Open science
Open data
Research projects
Medical ethics
Health campaigns
Petitions
Medical activism
Science advocacy organizations
Science activism
Scientific skepticism
Metascience
The 2019–20 UTEP Miners basketball team represents the University of Texas at El Paso during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Miners, led by second-year head coach Rodney Terry, play their home games at the Don Haskins Center as members of Conference USA. UTEP averaged 5,311 fans per game.
Previous season
The Miners finished the 2018–19 season 8–21, 3–15 in C-USA play to finish in last place. They failed to qualify for the C-USA Tournament.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Conference USA Tournament
|-
Source
References
UTSA Roadrunners men's basketball seasons
UTEP Miners men's basketball team
UTEP Miners men's basketball team
UTEP Miners men's basketball seasons
UTEP
The 2017 French F4 Championship season was the 25th season of the series for 1600cc Formula Renault machinery, and the seventh season to run under the guise of the French F4 Championship. The series began on 16 April at Nogaro and ended on 15 October at Le Castellet, after seven rounds and twenty one races.
Arthur Rougier clinched the titles in the general classification of the championship and in the International Series, winning races at Pau and Spa Victor Martins won races at Nogaro, Monza and Le Castellet but lost to Rougier in general classification just by four points, while in the Junior Championship they took the title. Florian Venturi wasn't able to win a race but they scored seven podiums and completed the season in the top-three of the drivers' standings. Pierre-Alexandre Jean, Jean-Baptiste Mela, Charles Milesi, Stuart White, Hugo Chevalier, Marvin Klein, Javier González, Thomas Drouet and Pierre-Louis Chovet were the other race winners.
Driver lineup
Race calendar and results
A seven-round calendar was revealed on 25 January 2017.
Championship standings
Points system
Points are awarded as follows:
French F4 Championship
F4 Championship
French F4
The Cornerhouse is leisure complex in the city centre of Nottingham, England.
Built on the former site of Nottingham's local paper, The Nottingham Evening Post, its attractions include a number of bars and restaurants, a multi-screen cinema operated by Cineworld, a large nightclub called PomPom, a casino and two indoor adventure golf courses.
It is smaller than its neighbouring complexes — Victoria Centre, the Royal Concert Hall and the Theatre Royal — but is bigger than the recently built Trinity Square development.
External links
Official site
Buildings and structures in Nottingham
The 1988 Big East men's basketball tournament took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City, from March 10 to March 13, 1988. Its winner received the Big East Conference's automatic bid to the 1988 NCAA Tournament. It is a single-elimination tournament with four rounds. Pittsburgh had the best regular season conference record and received the #1 seed.
Syracuse defeated Villanova in the championship game 85–68, to claim its second Big East Tournament championship.
Bracket
Awards
Most Valuable Player: Sherman Douglas, Syracuse
All Tournament Team
Sherman Douglas, Syracuse
Jerome Lane, Pittsburgh
Mark Plansky, Villanova
Ramón Ramos, Seton Hall
Stephen Thompson, Syracuse
Doug West, Villanova
External links
References
Tournament
Big East men's basketball tournament
Basketball in New York City
College sports in New York City
Sports competitions in New York City
Sports in Manhattan
Big East men's basketball tournament
Big East men's basketball tournament
1980s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Ndali, or Chindali, is a Bantu language spoken by an increasing population in southern Tanzania of 150,000 (1987) and in northern Malawi by 70,000 (2003).
Sukwa, or Chisukwa, spoken in the Misuku Hills of northern Malawi, is closely related to Ndali, and both languages are fairly close to Lambya.
The examples below come in the order Lambya, Ndali, Sukwa, showing the similarity of vocabulary:
Person = , , umundu
Grasshopper = , , imbasi
Scorpion = , , kalisya
Maize = , , ifilombe
Dog = , , ukabwa
Bird = , , kayuni
Snail = , , ingofo
Further reading
Botne, R. (2008). Grammatical Sketch of Chindali: Malawian Variety. Darby: Diane.
Botne, R. and Schaffer, L. (2008). A Chindali and English Dictionary with an Index to ProtoBantu Roots: The Chindali Language of Malawi. Vol 1. Philadelphia: American Philosophical Society.
Kershner, Tiffany (2001). "Imperfectivity in Chisukwa" in Explorations in African Linguistics: From Lamso to Sesotho, eds. Robert Botne and Rose Vondrasek, Bloomington: Indiana University Working Papers in Linguistics, pp. 37–52.
Mtenje, Atikonda (2016). A comparative analysis of the Phonology and Morpho-syntax of Cisukwa, Cindali and Cilambya. (University of Cape Town PhD thesis)
Swilla, Imani N. (1998). Tenses in Chindali. Afrikanistische Arbeitspapiere (AAP) 54. 95–125.
References
External links
Language Mapping Survey for Northern Malawi. University of Malawi Centre for Language Studies, 2006. Contains comparative vocabulary and a short text (the Tortoise and the Hare) in Chindali and other languages.
Language Map of Northern Malawi
Paper by Martin Walsh and Imani Swilla on South-West Tanzanian languages (2002)
Languages of Malawi
Rukwa languages
Languages of Tanzania
Virginia's 10th House of Delegates district elects one of the 100 members of the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. The district includes portions of Clarke, Frederick, and Loudoun counties. The district's representative is Wendy Gooditis.
Electoral history
2017
In the 2017 general election, Democrat Wendy Gooditis challenged incumbent Republican Randy Minchew; they won by almost 4%.
2019
In 2019, the same candidates faced off again, with each raising more than a million dollars for the race. Gooditis won by roughly 5%.
District officeholders
References
010
Clarke County, Virginia
Frederick County, Virginia
Government in Loudoun County, Virginia
The year 1797 in architecture involved some significant events.
Buildings and structures
Buildings
Ditherington Flax Mill, in Shrewsbury, England, is completed; by the end of the 20th century it will be the oldest iron-framed building in the world and is seen as the world's first skyscraper.
First Bank of the United States in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, designed by Samuel Blodgett, is completed (begun in 1795).
Old City Hall (Lancaster, Pennsylvania) is completed.
Hassan Basha Mosque in Oran is built.
St Mary's Church, Banbury in England, designed by S. P. Cockerell, is completed.
Palace of Shaki Khans in Shaki, Azerbaijan is built.
Births
May 3 – George Webster, English architect (died 1864)
October 8 – Ludwig Förster, German-born Austrian religious architect (died 1863)
Deaths
February 19 – Francesco Sabatini, Italian-born architect (born 1721)
October 4 – Anthony Keck, English architect (born 1726)
References
Architecture
Years in architecture
18th-century architecture
Dropla Gap (, ‘Sedlovina Dropla' \ se-dlo-vi-'na dro-'pla\) is the flat, ice-covered saddle of elevation 1073 m in north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, extending 1.35 km to link Maglenik Heights to the west and Barnes Ridge to the east. It is part of the glacial divide between Young Glacier to the north and Arapya Glacier to the south.
The gap is named after the settlements of Dropla in Northeastern and Southeastern Bulgaria.
Location
Dropla Gap is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Dropla Gap. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Dropla Gap. Copernix satellite image
Mountain passes of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Osteochilus partilineatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to West Kalimantan, Indonesia.
References
Taxa named by Maurice Kottelat
Fish described in 1995
Osteochilus
The Cage 2 a 2002 album by guitarist Dario Mollo and former Black Sabbath vocalist Tony Martin. It is their second collaboration.
Track listing
Personnel
Band members
Tony Martin – vocals
Dario Mollo – guitar
Tony Franklin – bass
Roberto Gualdi – drums
Dario Patti – keyboards
Additional performer
Walter Ruta – didjeridoo
Production
Dario Mollo – production, engineering, mastering and mixing
Saverio Chippalone – photography
References
Tony Martin (British singer) albums
Dario Mollo albums
2002 albums
Max Herbrechter (born March 12, 1958) is a German actor living in Hamburg.
Filmography (selection)
1983: Diese Drombuschs
1989: Rote Erde
1991: Tatort: Bis zum Hals im Dreck
1992: Tatort: Der Mörder und der Prinz
1993: Freunde fürs Leben
1993:
1994: Diese Drombuschs
1994: Die Männer vom K3
1995: Großstadtrevier (television series, one part)
1995: Tatort: Herz As
1997: Zwei Engel mit vier Fäusten
1997: Polizeiruf 110: Gänseblümchen (TV series)
1996: Adelheid und ihre Mörder (television series, part Liebe, Tod und Leidenschaft)
1997–1999: (television series)
1998: Geschichten aus dem Leben (TV series)
1998: Lisa Falk – Eine Frau für alle Fälle (television series)
1999:
1999–2003: Die Pfefferkörner
2000: Gran Paradiso
2000: Tatort: Quartett in Leipzig
2001: Tatort: Bienzle und der Todesschrei
2001: Ritas Welt (television series, part Frikadellenkrieg)
2002: Aus lauter Liebe zu Dir
2002, 2007: Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei (television series, two parts)
2003: Wilsberg – Wilsberg und der stumme Zeuge
2003: Lottoschein ins Glück
2003: Ein starkes Team: Kollege Mörder (television movie)
2004: Wie erziehe ich meine Eltern?
2005–2007: Doppelter Einsatz
2006: Tatort: Das verlorene Kind
2006: Tatort: Pauline
2007: Der Dicke (television series, one part)
2007–2012: Der Staatsanwalt (television series, three parts)
2007: Das Herz ist ein dunkler Wald
2008, 2012: Notruf Hafenkante (television series, parts Das verlassene Kind and Der Prozess)
2008: Im Tal der wilden Rosen – Zerrissene Herzen
2008: Der Winzerkönig
2008: Was wenn der Tod uns scheidet?
2009: Zwei Ärzte sind einer zu viel: Der Schatz im Silbersee
2009: Giulias Verschwinden
2009: Entführung in London
2009: Schwarzwaldliebe
2010: Rock It!
2011: Tage die bleiben
2011: Holger sacht nix
2011: Mord in bester Familie
2012: Der Landarzt
2012: Der letzte Bulle (television series, one part)
2012: Der Cop und der Snob (television series, one part)
2012: Inga Lindström – Die Sache mit der Liebe
2013: Der fast perfekte Mann
2014: Pettson & Findus: Fun Stuff
2014: Die Mamba
2014: Für immer ein Mörder – Der Fall Ritter (television movie)
2014: Blütenträume
2015: Schuld nach Ferdinand von Schirach (television series part Volksfest)
2016: Wir sind die Flut (cinema movie)
2016: Tatort: Durchgedreht
2017: SOKO Kitzbühel (television series, part Sport ist Mord)
2017: Ein Lächeln nachts um vier
2018: Ein starkes Team: Tödlicher Seitensprung
2018: Morden im Norden (television series, part Liebesblind)
2018–2019: Daheim in den Bergen (television series)
2018: Liebesleid
2018: Schwesternliebe
2019: Liebesreigen
2019: Schuld und Vergebung
2019: Der Alte (television series, episode "Das perfekte Opfer")
2019: Zimmer mit Stall – Berge versetzen (television movie)
2019: Inga Lindström – Familienfest in Sommerby
2019: Die Toten von Salzburg – Wolf im Schafspelz
2020: Die Heiland – Wir sind Anwalt (television series, part Der Mann im Wald)
Awards
1998: Auslands-Studenten-Oscar
2009: Rose d'Or (nominated). Category: Drama
2009: Publikumspreis at the Film Festival Locarno Piazza Grande
2010: Prix Walo (nominated)
References
External links
Max Herbrechter on IMDb
Max Herbrechter on filmportal.de
Max Herbrechter on Agentur Carola Studlar
Max Berbrechter on www.vollfilm.de
Living people
1958 births
Actors from North Rhine-Westphalia
The UEFA second round of the qualification tournament for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, also known as the UEFA play-offs, was contested by twelve teams from the UEFA segment of qualifying. The play-offs determined the final three European teams that joined the group winners at the World Cup in Qatar. The ten runners-up from the UEFA first round groups participated in the play-offs, along with two group winners from the 2020–21 UEFA Nations League. The teams were divided into three paths, each containing four teams, with each play-off path featuring two single-leg semi-finals, and one single-leg final. The matches took place in March and June 2022.
Format
The qualification format was confirmed by the UEFA Executive Committee during their meeting in Nyon, Switzerland on 4 December 2019. The play-offs depended, in part, on results from the 2020–21 UEFA Nations League, although to a lesser degree than play-offs of the UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying tournament.
Unlike previous editions, the play-offs were not contested in two-legged ties. Instead, the twelve teams were split into three play-off paths, each containing four teams. Each play-off path was planned to feature two single-leg semi-finals on 24 March, and one single-leg final on 29 March 2022. The winners of the final in each play-off path qualified for the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar. The semi-finals were hosted by the six best-ranked runners-up of the qualifying group stage, while the host of the final was determined by a draw.
The play-offs were played in single-leg knockout matches. If scores were level at the end of normal time, 30 minutes of extra time would be played, where each team was allowed to make a sixth substitution. If the scores remained tied, a penalty shoot-out would be used to determine the winner. Following approval from the UEFA Executive Committee in December 2019, the use of the video assistant referee system was approved for the entire World Cup qualification tournament.
Qualified teams
Twelve teams advanced to the play-offs. Unlike previous editions, all participants were not decided solely on the results of the first round. Two of the twelve spots were allocated to group winners of the 2020–21 edition of the UEFA Nations League.
Second-placed teams (all ten advanced)
The ten runners-up from the UEFA first round advanced to the play-offs. Based on the results from the qualifying group stage, the six best-ranked teams were seeded, while the bottom four were unseeded in the semi-final draw.
Nations League group winners ( the best two advanced)
Based on the 2020–21 UEFA Nations League overall ranking, the best two Nations League group winners that finished outside the top two of their qualifying group advanced to the play-offs and were unseeded in the semi-final draw.
Key
Team qualified directly for World Cup as qualifying group winner
Team advanced to the play-offs as qualifying group runner-up
Team (in bold) advanced to the play-offs as one of the best two Nations League group winners outside top two of their qualifying group
Draw
Following the completion of the UEFA first round, the twelve teams that advanced to the play-offs were drawn into three paths of four teams on 26 November 2021, 17:00 CET, in Zürich, Switzerland. The following procedure was applied in the draw:
The six seeded teams were allocated to semi-finals 1 to 6 as the host team in the order drawn.
The six unseeded teams were allocated to semi-finals 1 to 6 as the away team in the order drawn.
Play-off Path A was formed by semi-finals 1 and 2, with the winners of both semi-finals advancing to final A.
Play-off Path B was formed by semi-finals 3 and 4, with the winners of both semi-finals advancing to final B.
Play-off Path C was formed by semi-finals 5 and 6, with the winners of both semi-finals advancing to final C.
The semi-final winners that host play-off finals A, B and C were decided by a draw.
For political reasons related to the Russo-Ukrainian War, Russia and Ukraine could not be drawn into the same play-off path. Armenia / Azerbaijan, Gibraltar / Spain, Kosovo / Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo / Serbia and Kosovo / Russia were also identified as prohibited clashes, but among these teams only Russia advanced to the play-offs.
The six runners-up with the best group stage performance were seeded in the semi-final draw, while the remaining four runners-up and two teams advancing via the Nations League were unseeded. The seedings were as follows:
Effects of the Russian invasion of Ukraine
Paths A and B were affected by the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine which began on 24 February, a month before the semi-finals.
FIFA suspended Russia on 28 February, and announced on 8 March that their semi-final opponents Poland received a bye to the Path B final; a request by the Russian Football Union for a temporary lift of the ban was rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport on 18 March. An initial decision by FIFA on 27 February had ruled that Russia had to compete under the name "Football Union of Russia" (RFU) and without its flag or anthem, and play its home matches on neutral ground without spectators. By that point, the football associations of the other three teams in the Path (Czech Republic, Poland and Sweden) had refused to play any matches against Russia, regardless of location, a stance to which they remained committed following FIFA's initial decision.
In Path A, following a request by the Ukrainian Association of Football, on 8 March FIFA postponed the semi-final between Scotland and Ukraine until June 2022, along with the Path final. In the interest of preventing further fixture congestion, the other semi-final match between Wales and Austria would go ahead as scheduled in March.
Schedule
Four of the semi-final matches took place on 24 March, and two of the final matches on 29 March 2022. In Path A, one semi-final and the final were postponed to 1 and 5 June 2022, respectively, due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The kick-off times were confirmed on 26 November 2021 following the draw. As part of UEFA's scheduling, the losing semi-finalists of each path played a friendly match against each other on the day of the play-off finals.
Times are CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).
Path A
Bracket
Summary
|-
| colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background:whitesmoke;" | Semi-finals
|-
| colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background:whitesmoke;" | Final
Semi-finals
Final
Path B
Bracket
Summary
|-
| colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background:whitesmoke;" | Semi-finals
|-
| colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background:whitesmoke;" | Final
Semi-finals
Poland advanced on walkover.
Final
Path C
Bracket
Summary
|-
| colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background:whitesmoke;" | Semi-finals
|-
| colspan="3" style="text-align:center; background:whitesmoke;" | Final
Semi-finals
Final
Goalscorers
Discipline
A player was automatically suspended for the next match for the following offences:
Receiving a red card (red card suspensions could be extended for serious offences)
Receiving two yellow cards in two different qualifying group stage matches (yellow card suspensions were carried forward to the play-off semi-finals, but not the play-off finals, World Cup final tournament or any other future international matches)
On 17 January 2022, following a UEFA request, FIFA announced the expiration of yellow cards received during the qualifying group stage, thus preventing suspensions in the play-off finals due to yellow cards received in the semi-finals. However, yellow card suspensions accumulated at the end of the qualifying group stage were still carried forward to the play-offs.
The following suspensions were served during the second round qualifying matches:
Prior to their suspension, Russia were to serve the following suspensions in their semi-final:
Notes
References
External links
Qualifiers – Europe, FIFA.com
European Qualifiers, UEFA.com
Play-off
FIFA
FIFA
2021–22 in Austrian football
2021–22 in Czech football
2021–22 in Italian football
2021–22 in North Macedonia football
2021–22 in Polish football
Poland at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
2021–22 in Portuguese football
Portugal at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
2021–22 in Scottish football
2022 in Swedish football
2021–22 in Turkish football
2021–22 in Ukrainian football
2021–22 in Welsh football
Wales at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
Sports events affected by the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Suyu-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Gangbuk-gu in Seoul, South Korea. From June 30 of 2008, six administrative Suyu-dongs were divided to Insu-dong (Suyu 5 and 6 dong), Ui-dong (Suyu 4-dong), and Suyu-dong (Suyu 1, 2, and 3 dong).
History
It was previously known as Suyu-ri (Suyu Village), and was a part of Goyang County, Gyeonggi Province. In 1949 it became a part of Seongbuk District, and was reclassified from a ri to a dong in 1950. In 1973, it was one of the dong that was split off from Seongbuk District to form Dobong District, and then in 1995 it was reassigned to its present Gangbuk District.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Gangbuk-gu official website
Gangbuk-gu map at the Gangbuk-gu official website
Suyu 1-dong resident office website
Suyu 2-dong resident office website
Suyu 3-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Gangbuk District
James Kelley Yarbrough (born October 28, 1946) is an American former college and professional football player who was an offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons during the 1960s and 1970s. Yarbrough played college football for the University of Florida. A second-round pick in the 1969 NFL Draft, they played their entire professional career for the NFL's Detroit Lions.
Early years
Yarbrough was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. They grew up in Arcadia, Florida, where they attended DeSoto County High School, and played high school football for the DeSoto Bulldogs. Yarbrough was an offensive end, doubled on defense as a roving "monster man" linebacker, and also kicked most of the extra points for the Bulldogs. They were also a shot-putter on the DeSoto County High School track team and center on the basketball team.
College career
Yarbrough accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where they played for coach Ray Graves' Florida Gators football team from 1966 to 1968. They were a sophomore starter for the Steve Spurrier-led squad that won the first major bowl game in Gators history when they defeated the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 27–12 to win the 1967 Orange Bowl.
Yarbrough returned to Florida during the NFL off-season to complete their bachelor's degree in marketing in 1971, and they were later inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great." In a 2006 article series written for The Gainesville Sun, they were ranked among the 100 greatest Gator football players of all time (No. 98). In the fall of 1999 Yarbrough was named as the Tight End on the Gators All-Century team as chosen by Gator fans and organized by the Gainesville Sun.
Professional career
The Detroit Lions chose Yarbrough in the second round (47th pick overall) of the 1969 NFL Draft, and they played their entire nine-season professional career for the Lions as an offensive tackle from to . They became a regular starter at left tackle in their third season, 1971.
See also
Florida Gators football, 1960–69
List of Detroit Lions players
List of Florida Gators in the NFL Draft
List of University of Florida alumni
List of University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame members
References
Bibliography
Carlson, Norm, University of Florida Football Vault: The History of the Florida Gators, Whitman Publishing, LLC, Atlanta, Georgia (2007). .
Golenbock, Peter, Go Gators! An Oral History of Florida's Pursuit of Gridiron Glory, Legends Publishing, LLC, St. Petersburg, Florida (2002). .
Hairston, Jack, Tales from the Gator Swamp: A Collection of the Greatest Gator Stories Ever Told, Sports Publishing, LLC, Champaign, Illinois (2002). .
McCarthy, Kevin M., Fightin' Gators: A History of University of Florida Football, Arcadia Publishing, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina (2000). .
McEwen, Tom, The Gators: A Story of Florida Football, The Strode Publishers, Huntsville, Alabama (1974). .
Nash, Noel, ed., The Gainesville Sun Presents The Greatest Moments in Florida Gators Football, Sports Publishing, Inc., Champaign, Illinois (1998). .
1946 births
Living people
American football offensive tackles
Detroit Lions players
Florida Gators football players
People from Arcadia, Florida
DeSoto County High School alumni
Players of American football from Florida
Players of American football from Charlotte, North Carolina
Baesweiler 09 was a German association football club from the city of Baesweiler, North Rhine-Westphalia.
History
The club was established in 1909 as Superior Baesweiler and in 1920 merged with Alemannia Baesweiler to create Sportverein Baesweiler 09. The club took on SV Oidtweiler as a partner in 1922 in a union that lasted until 1933.
Between 1947–56 and 1957–64, SV played in the Amateurliga Mittelrhein (II) capturing division titles there in 1951, 1954, and 1960. Following the 1963 formation of the Bundesliga, Germany's first professional top flight league, the Amateurliga became a third division circuit. The Baesweiler club finished in last place in 1964 and was absent from the Amateurliga for a season, but immediately bounced back. They played another five seasons in the third tier before slipping again and spending two seasons in the Verbandsliga Mittelrhein (IV).
Baesweiler returned to the Amateurliga Mittelrhein where they would spend 13 of the next 15 seasons. They had a close brush with relegation in 1975 when they were beaten 3:4 by VfL Köln in a playoff, but the result was reversed on appeal. They were relegated twice – in 1982 and 1985 – but returned to what had become the Amateuroberliga Nordrhein (III) after single season absences. After another failed campaign in 1987 SV was relegated again and spent the next 8 seasons in lower level play.
In 1995, the club won its way to the Oberliga Nordrhein (IV) where they played 4 seasons as a lower-tier side before declaring bankruptcy and withdrawing from competition in 1999. A youth club known as Jugendsportverein Baesweiler 09 was formed after the bankruptcy and is still active today.
References
External links
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Defunct football clubs in Germany
Defunct football clubs in North Rhine-Westphalia
Association football clubs established in 1909
Association football clubs disestablished in 1999
1909 establishments in Germany
1999 disestablishments in Germany
Aulds is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Leslie Aulds (1920–1999), American baseball player
Lonnie O. Aulds (1925–1984), American business person and politician
See also
Auld (surname)
Samuel William Johnson (3 July 1830 Kingsboro, New York – 1909) was a U.S. American agricultural chemist. They promoted the movement to bring the sciences to the aid of American farmers through agricultural experiment stations and education in agricultural science.
Johnson, working in the 19th century, covered various aspects of farming that today would be called both organic and nonorganic. Their work included exposing frauds in artificial manures (some of which would today be called chemical fertilizers).
Biography
Samuel was the son of Abner Adolphus Johnson and Annah Wells Gilbert. Abner was Samuel's first teacher; later they studied with David Mayhew in a school at Lowville, New York. Early on they obtained a textbook on chemistry by Fresenius, in which they learned methods of analytical chemistry.
Gaining admission to Yale University, Samuel took lessons from John Pitkin Norton, Benjamin Silliman, Benjamin Silliman, Jr. and James Dwight Dana among others. Upon graduation they went to Leipzig, studying with Otto Linne Erdmann. The next year they went to Munich and Liebig's lab. They studied physiological chemistry with Max Joseph von Pettenkofer and Wolfgang Franz von Kobell. Returning through England, they visited the lab of Edward Frankland and the experimental farms of John Bennet Lawes and Joseph Henry Gilbert.
In 1855 Johnson had their translation of Liebig's The Relations of Chemistry to Agriculture and the Experiments of Mr. J. B. Laws published by Luther Tucker, editor of The Country Gentleman.
In 1858, they became a chemist for the Connecticut Agricultural Society, in which capacity they issued an important series of papers on commercial fertilizers and allied subjects. In 1866, they became a member of the Connecticut State Board of Agriculture. Also in 1866, they were elected to the National Academy of Sciences.
Johnson's skill with analytical chemistry brought them the position of First Assistant at the Yale Analytical Lab in 1874. A year later they were made professor of analytical chemistry. The following year they were also named professor of Agricultural Chemistry. They regularly attended meetings of agricultural societies and farmers' clubs.
They were director of the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station from 1877 to 1899.
In 1878 Johnson was president of the American Chemical Society.
Johnson retired in 1896.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Works
They edited Fresenius' Quantitative Chemical Analysis (1864, 1875, 1883).
Other sources
External links
Thomas Burr Osborne (1911) Samuel William Johnson 1830 — 1909 from National Academy of Sciences.
1830 births
1909 deaths
19th-century American chemists
Yale University alumni
Yale University faculty
Leipzig University alumni
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
American agronomists
The Class E.656 is an Italian articulated rheostatic-type electric locomotive built from 1975 to 1989. An evolution of the E.646, they are mixed traffic locomotives, and have been used on every kind of train, ranging from freight to intercity passenger transport.
The E.656 is nicknamed "Caimano" (Caiman).
Technical details
The hull is divided in two parts, each one with its own twin axle bogie, plus a central bogie in the middle.
Each bogie mounts four DC motors, each providing , for a total of 12.
The initial project speed was , but later it was reduced to 150 due to stability problems; further, the heavy mass of the locomotive did not allow the use of rheostatic braking.
Recently, many E.656s have been transferred to the Cargo Division of Trenitalia to haul freight trains. The gear ratio has been reduced from 28/61 to 23/66, and the speed limit to . The modified units form the Class E.655.
Series
The E.656 class is officially subdivided by FS into three series:
1st series (001 - 307)
2nd series (401 - 550)
3rd series (551 - 608)
The differences between series regard electrical and mechanical equipment.
The 3rd series locomotives have four fields weakening shunts in parallel and super-parallel motor combinations (where the other series have three), and the 78-wire cable to remote control the locomotive from a control car (Carrozza semipilota) or another Delfina-fitted locomotive.
Differences between locomotives can also be summed up as follows:
Motors and electrical description
The locomotive has twelve 82/400 motors, with class B insulation, four per bogie.
They can be connected in the same combinations used on E.646:
Series: all motors are connected in series, five shunts;
Series-Parallel: two branches of six motors each, five shunts;
Parallel: three branches of four motors each, three shunts (four on 6th series);
SuperParallel: four branches of three motors each, three shunts (four on 6th series);
Like their predecessors, E.656s have a rheostat (31 resistors subdivided in 21 packs, for a total resistance of 17,015 ohm) that, by varying its resistance, gradually regulates the current to the motors on starts, and on each time a transition to the next combination is made; however, differently from older Italian types, rheostatic exclusion is not controlled manually, by default.
The driver selects the desired combination, which is automatically accomplished by a system which, through a particular array of logic gates and other components (capacitors, resistors, etc.), called "RAE" (Relè Accelerazione Elettronico), controls a rotating device (called avviatore automatico).
The driver selects the maximum exclusion current through a potentiometer on their desk, and the system, when the c.e.m.f. present in the motors brings the current (which is read by transducers) to a value lower than the set current, makes the avviatore advance, closing the rheostat contactors (thus shunting the relative resistors) as speed builds up, until it is totally excluded; similarly it may go backwards, when the current reaches high levels in relation to speed.
The different connections of the motors in the various combinations are accomplished by closing various contactors; their set-ups during transitions are handled by a device called "CEM" (Commutatore Escluditore Motori").
If rheostatic exclusion is needed to be controlled finely (e.g. on coupling maneuvers, or in case of a heavy train or poor adherence situations), the driver can use the "PAC" (Pomello Avanzamento Comandato), a small lever that makes the "avviatore automatico" advance or go backwards step by step (for "Series" combination only).
On Third series locomotives (official classification), many functions such as the ones of RAE, Avviatore Automatico, CEM, etc., are assumed by an electronic control unit (called Delfina) derived from the ones employed on FS Class E.444.
The rheostat is robust and designed to stand high currents, however it cannot for an excessive period of time, as there is the risk of overheating; the driver has to keep this in mind when driving. When the temperature is too high (greater than ), the "VR" (Ventilazione Reostato'', Rheostat Fans) light starts to blink on the driver's console to warn him.
Auxiliary systems
The following components form the auxiliary systems:
two W242 compressors used for air production;
an asynchronous 17 kW three-phase motor that is used to activate the four groups of motor-cooling fans, 7 groups for rheostat cooling and 2 fans for cabin air conditioning;
a 3 kVA transformer used to recharge the 24 V batteries, plus another four for cabin heating and another one for glass defrosters.
They are fed in various ways, depending on the series:
on 1st and 3rd series by two 125 kVA motoalternators, activated by a double-collector 95 kW 3000 V motor;
on 2nd and 4th series by a single 3000 V DC/450 V AC 60 Hz 180 kVA static converter;
on 5th and 6th series two 3000 V DC/450 V AC 60 Hz 120 kVA static converters.
Motor cooling fans are automatically activated when the reverser is in non-neutral position, while rheostat fans activate when the temperature into the rheostat's resistors reaches 65 °C or they are manually activated by the driver via an apposite button.
Significant units
E.655.200 had been fitted with two ARSA static converters for testing purposes.
E.656.458 and E.656.468 mount digital Octopus control units, which allow remote command of two or more locomotives from a single driving cabin. These units also have four weakening field shunts in Parallel and SuperParallel combinations as sixth series' units.
Accidents and incidents
November 21, 1980 Curinga train disaster: Units 075 and 280 are written off. Both scrapped in July 1983
14 March 1995 near Chiusi-Città della Pieve train E.656.542 missed a stop signal, crashing into E.656.181
5 July near Cuzzago, E.656.272 impact against another train, causing 2 death and 51 injured.
20 August 1996 near Bologna San Ruffillo E.656.225 derail into a closed rail, 2 injured.
2 August 1997 near Roma Casilina, E.656.403 traction hook broke, causing derailment of its passenger car. Four were seriously injured. The accident was caused by velocity: the train was going at 90 km/h instead 30 km/h.
4 June 2000 near Solignano a cargo train crashed intoanother cargo train; four deaths and one injury.
20 July 2001, E.656.032 was totaled in the Rometta Marea derailment
5 May 2004, E.656.608 derailed near Libarna and collided with a freight train with the E.655.511 and E.655.505.
29 June 2009, E.655.175 was the locomotive hauling the freight train which derailed and caught fire at Viareggio.
See also
FS Class E.646
FS Class E.636
References
External links
FS E.655 @ Trainspo
FS E.656 @ Trainspo
3000 V DC locomotives
Bo′Bo′Bo′ locomotives
E.656
Railway locomotives introduced in 1975
Gio. Ansaldo & C. locomotives
Casaralta locomotives
Reggiane locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of Italy
Mixed traffic locomotives
Belo may refer to:
Organizations
Belo Corporation, a United States media company now part of Gannett
A. H. Belo Corporation, a media company in Dallas, Texas, United States now known as DallasNews Corporation
Places
Belo, Cameroon, a town and commune in Cameroon
Belo, Brda, a small settlement in the Littoral region of Slovenia
Belo, Medvode, a small settlement in Medvode, Slovenia
Belo, Šmarje pri Jelšah, a settlement near Šmarje, Slovenia
Belo, West Virginia, an unincorporated community in Mingo County, West Virginia, USA
Belo sur Mer, a town and commune in Madagascar
Fajã do Belo, a permanent debris field on São Jorge, the Azores, Portugal
Belo, Croatia, a village near Delnice
People
Alfred Horatio Belo (1839–1901), founder of The Dallas Morning News newspaper
Ana Paula Belo (born 1987), Brazilian handball playmaker
António Mendes Belo (1842–1929), Portuguese cardinal
, Brazilian singer, real name Marcelo Pires Vieira
Brian Belo (born 1987), British entertainer
Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo (born 1948), Roman Catholic bishop who received, together with José Ramos-Horta, the 1996 Nobel Peace Prize
Felipe dal Belo (born 1984), Brazilian football defender
João Pedro Belo (1910–?), Portuguese football defender
Julia Freitas Belo (born 1997), East Timorese football forward
Mac Belo (born 1993), Filipino basketball player
Mahalia Belo, British director
Roseli de Belo (born 1969), Brazilian football forward
Ruy Belo (1933–1978), Portuguese poet and essayist
Sergei Belo (born 1970), 2011 coach for the Israel men's national ice hockey team
Vicki Belo (born 1956), Filipino cosmetic surgeon
BélO (Jean Bélony Murat, born 1979), Haitian musician
Belo Cipriani (born 1980), American writer
Belo Zero (born 1972), American rapper
Other
Alfred Horatio Belo House, a historic mansion in Dallas, Texas, USA
Belo Garden Park, a public park in Dallas, Texas, USA
João Belo-class frigate, a class of ships for the Portuguese navy
See also
Belo Horizonte, a city in Brazil
Cosmas Desmond (19 November 1935, London - 31 March 2012, Durban) was a Catholic priest, an activist and an author who lived in England and South Africa.  They are particularly well known for their opposition to forced removals in South Africa under the system of apartheid.
Family
Born Patrick Anthony Desmond, they were the seventh of eleven children to a family of Irish Catholics in London's East End. Their father worked as a fumigator.
Missionary Work
Desmond received scholarships from several Catholic schools and became a Franciscan missionary, travelling to South Africa at the age of 21. They were assigned to a mission in KwaZulu-Natal. There they witnessed a number of forced removals of black residents under the Group Areas Act, which sought to preserve racial segregation along geographic lines. In 1969, Desmond traveled to Johannesburg to speak out against the practice. In the city, they befriended a number of black militants, including Steve Biko.
The Discarded People
In 1970, they published a book on forced removals under the titled The Discarded People. In its preface, British ambassador Hugh Foot, Baron Caradon described it as "an account of callous contempt for human suffering, the ugliness of systematic cruelty, and the self-righteousness of the oppressor" and a book that could change the course of history. The book triggered a wave of international attention to forced removals, including a documentary film titled Last Grave in Dimbaza.
The book was soon banned in South Africa, and Desmond themselves was subject to house arrest under the Suppression of Communism Act. Amnesty International named them a prisoner of conscience. As the church hierarchy disapproved of their activism, Desmond resigned from the priesthood in 1973. They later married human rights activist Snoeks Desmond, with whom they had three sons, but remained a Catholic.
Exile
They left South Africa in 1978 after the assassination of Richard Turner and returned to London where they worked for Amnesty International, heading its British section. After eighteen months, they were fired in a "power struggle" between volunteers and staff. They returned to South African in 1991 and in 1994 stood for parliament as a Pan Africanist Congress candidate, but was not elected.
Return to South Africa
After the end of apartheid, Desmond continued to advocate for the welfare of the poor, arguing that apartheid had not truly ended but had "a makeover and bought some new clothes". They felt that the leaders of post-apartheid South Africa had betrayed the trust of the anti-apartheid movement, particularly by failing to redistribute land on a large scale. Late in life, they headed the human rights branch of the NGO Children First, editing the organization's journal.
In 2012, they died of Alzheimer's complications in Durban.
References
External links
Audio interviews at the British University Film and Video Collection
1935 births
2012 deaths
Amnesty International prisoners of conscience held by South Africa
People from Stepney
English activists
20th-century English Roman Catholic priests
21st-century English Roman Catholic priests
Housing in South Africa
South African activists
British people imprisoned abroad
The National Academy of Sciences is a United States nonprofit, non-governmental national academy.
National Academy of Sciences may also refer to (ordered by country):
National Academy of Sciences of Argentina
Armenian National Academy of Sciences
Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences
National Academy of Sciences of Belarus
Georgian National Academy of Sciences
Indian National Science Academy
National Academy of Sciences, India
National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Korea
National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Uganda National Academy of Sciences
See also
Academy of sciences#List
1955 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 49th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
North: 1. Bp. Szikra 24, 2. Tatabányai Bányász 14, 3. Vasas Izzó 13, 4. VL Kistext 12, 5. Csepeli Vasas 9, Esztergomi Dózsa 9, Vasas MÁVAG 2(1) point. In parentheses were the conclusion penalty points.
South: 1. Bp. Spartacus 23, 2. Vasas Csepel Autó 19, 3. Bp. Bástya VTSK 17, 4. VL Hazai Fésűs 10, 5. Szegedi Bástya 8, 6. Szegedi Dózsa 4(1), 7. Törekvés Főposta 1(1) point. In parentheses were the conclusion penalty points.
Final: Bp. Spartacus-Bp. Szikra 7:3 and 2:1
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1955 in water polo
1955 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Mahesh Bhupathi and Max Mirnyi were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Juan Ignacio Chela and Gastón Gaudio won in the final 6–2, 6–1 against František Čermák and Leoš Friedl.
Seeds
František Čermák / Leoš Friedl (final)
Massimo Bertolini / Robbie Koenig (quarterfinals)
Petr Pála / Radek Štěpánek (first round)
Scott Humphries / Jared Palmer (first round)
Draw
External links
2004 Estoril Open Men's Doubles draw
2004 Men's Doubles
Doubles
Estoril Open
William Henry Bissell (April 25, 1811March 18, 1860) was the 11th Governor of the U.S. state of Illinois from 1857 until their death. They were one of the first successful Republican Party candidates in the U.S., winning the election of 1856 just two years after the founding of their party. In addition to being the first Republican governor of Illinois, they were also the first Catholic and also the first to die in office.
Biography
Bissell was born in Hartwick, New York, near Painted Post, son of Luther Bissell and Hannah Shepard. They attended the public schools and was graduated from the Philadelphia Medical College in 1835. They moved to Monroe County, Illinois in 1837, where they taught school and practiced medicine until 1840.
From 1840 to 1842, Bissell was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives. They studied law, was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Belleville, St. Clair County, Illinois. They were prosecuting attorney of St. Clair County in 1844.
They served in the Mexican War as colonel of the Second Regiment, Illinois Volunteer Infantry, where they most likely contracted the syphilis that crippled them and contributed to their death at age 48.
Bissell was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Congresses and as an Independent Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1855); they were chairperson of the Committee on Military Affairs (Thirty-second and Thirty-third Congresses). They were not a candidate for re-nomination in 1854.
Bissell, true to their anti-slavery convictions, held a very definite dislike for their Southern colleagues, whom they described collectively as "insolent, overbearing and bullying beyond all belief." A nearly hour-long speech on the House floor, in retaliation for distortive comments made by James A. Seddon (D-VA), regarding the Battle of Buena Vista, in which Bissell fought, won approval from Bissell's fellow Illinoisans, but inflamed Jefferson Davis, who felt personally slighted by the speech. Davis challenged Bissell to a duel, which Northern Congressmen were known to refuse. Bissell not only accepted the challenge, but in their rights as the party challenged, specified army muskets, loaded with ball and buckshot, at close range. Davis then cleverly accepted further explanation for the seemingly offensive comments in Bissell's speech, but lost face with some in backing down.
An interesting note is that this incident, though hostilities were never commenced on the field of honor, disqualified Bissell from holding state office in Illinois, according to the state Constitution of 1848. All state officials, as a part of their inauguration oath, had to swear as to never having participated in a duel, either by fighting in one, accepting a challenge or even acting as a second. Once back in Illinois, Bissell, who had broken ties with Stephen A. Douglas over the slavery extension issue, came under the wing of Lincoln and the Republicans. In the gubernatorial election of 1856, Abraham Lincoln determined that a former Democrat stood the best chance of defeating the Democratic candidate, William Alexander Richardson of Quincy, a subordinate of Douglas'. Bissell, by the mid-1850s, was partially paralyzed, able to walk only with use of a cane and "the aid of a friendly arm". They were nominated unopposed, on May 29, 1856, at Bloomington.
The Democrats made good work of the "duel" issue throughout the campaign and even after the election, which Bissell carried by 4,787 votes in a three-candidate field. The facts were plain: If Bissell took the anti-dueling oath, they were to therefore perjure himself. Bissell slipped the bonds of the charge by pointing out that the duel acceptance occurred in the District of Columbia, and was therefore not subject to the Illinois Constitution. The actual offense, of course, was the perjury itself, perpetrated when Bissell, with embarrassed but tacit approval from the Republicans, took the oath at Springfield.
Bissell, able only now to walk with crutches, has been the only governor of Illinois to be inaugurated in the Executive Mansion itself; they never entered the Capitol during the three-plus years they served. All official business was transacted from the second floor of the Executive Mansion.
In 1859, Bissell approved the exchange of a special class of bonds the state had previously devalued, known as Macalister-Stebbins bonds, at par plus interest. After receiving intense criticism from the Democratic press, they rescinded their decision. The transaction was successfully reversed without financial loss to the state, though Bissell's reputation suffered.
Bissell served as governor from January 12, 1857, until their death. They died at the Illinois Executive Mansion in Springfield and was interred in Oak Ridge Cemetery. They were the first Illinois governor to die in office.
Personal life
After Bissell's first wife died, in 1854 they were married to Elizabeth Kane, daughter of former United States Senator Elias Kane.
References
External links
William Henry Bissell-First Catholic Governor of Illinois
The first big Springfield funeral
1811 births
1860 deaths
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
Governors of Illinois
Illinois Republicans
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
People from Hartwick, New York
People from Belleville, Illinois
Republican Party governors of Illinois
Burials at Oak Ridge Cemetery
Illinois Independents
Independent Democrat members of the United States House of Representatives
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois
19th-century American politicians
Chennai High Speed Circular Transportation Corridors (HSCTC) is an urban road transit in the form of elevated concentric beltways planned for the city of Chennai. The beltways are envisaged as an elevated 2-tier system with design speed of 80 km/h. The top tier is a 2-lane dedicated corridor for the Chennai BRTS system. The second tier is a 4-lane road for 4-wheelers (no buses and autos).
Beltways
4 beltways have been proposed which covers a distance of 107.795 km. A connectivity corridor is also proposed to integrate the beltways with the ECR elevated expressway.
Beltway 1
Beltway 1 is the outermost beltway encompassing an area of 167 km2. It is formed by the following corridors.
Adyar Corridor
Chennai Bypass#
North Buckingham Canal Corridor
Central Buckingham Canal Corridor
Beltway 2
This beltway encompasses an area of 52 km2. It is formed by the following corridors.
Adyar Corridor
Chennai Bypass#
Chennai Port - Maduravoyal Expressway#
Beltway 3
This beltway encompasses an area of 30 km2. It is formed by the following corridors.
Adyar Corridor
Inner Ring Road Corridor
Chennai Port - Maduravoyal Expressway#
Beltway 4
The beltway 4 is formed by the following corridors.
Adyar Corridor
Mambalam Canal Corridor
Integrating beltways with elevated expressways
Connectivity Corridor
Already under construction by NHAI
Corridor Details
These 4 beltways can be broken down into 9 corridors.
* Revised cost during tender process
# Excluding cost of Chennai Bypass Corridor
Chennai Port - Maduravoyal Corridor [19 km]
This 19 km corridor is implemented under Phase-VII of National Highways Development Project by NHAI. The pre-construction work has already begun.
Chennai Bypass Corridor [32 km]
The Chennai bypass Corridor is a 32 km fully access controlled at-grade corridor. A 2-lane elevated BRTS corridor is proposed along the median of the Phase II of this expressway. The corridor is under construction.
Adyar Corridor [15.845 km]
Section I
Thiru-vi-ka Bridge (Km 0+000) to Nandambakkam Bridge (Km 11+100)
11.100 km
Along Southern bank of Adayar River
Section II
Nandambakkam Bridge (Km 11+100) to Chennai Bypass (Km 15+845)
4.845 km
Along Mount – Poonamalee Road
North Buckingham Canal Corridor [12.3 km]
Section I
Manali Oil Refinery Road (Km 0+000) to Basin Bridge (Km 8+400)
8.400 km
Along Western bank of Buckingham Canal
Section II
Basin Bridge (Km 8+400) to Central Station (Km 10+900)
2.500 km
Along Wall Tax Road
Section III
Central Station (Km 10+900) to Muthuswamy Bridge (Km 11+400)
0.500 km
Along Poonamalee High Road
Section IV
Muthuswamy Bridge (Km 11+400) to war Memorial (Km 12+300)
0.900 km
Along Flag Staff Road
Central Buckingham Canal Corridor [2.860 km]
Swami Sivananda Salai (Km 0+000) to Radhakrishna Salai (Km 2+860)
Along Western bank of Buckingham Canal
Inner Ring Road Corridor [5.9 km]
Jafferkhanpet Bridge (Km 0+000) to Koyambedu (Km 5+950)
Along Inner Ring Road (IRR)
Mambalam Canal Corridor [5 km]
Adayar River (Km 0+000) to G.N Chetty Road (Km 5+000)
Along Mambalam Canal
Connectivity Corridor [5.140 km]
Radhakrisha Salai (Km 0+000) to Thiru-vi-ka Bridge (Km 5.140)
Along ECR Elevated Expressway from Light House till Foreshore Estate, Santhome Bypass Road, Santhome High Road, Greenways Road
East Coast Elevated Expressway [9.7 km]
This is 9.7 km elevated expressway along the east coast of Bay of Bengal from Light House, Chennai to East Coast Road via Besant Nagar.
Interchanges
A total of 15 interchanges has been proposed along the HSCTC alignment of which 3 are already under construction by NHAI. A 3-tier interchange at Irumbuliyur is already functional.
Adyar Corridor Interchanges (6)
A trumpet interchange at the end of Thiruvi-ka-bridge at the junction of Theosophical Society border and Durgabhai Deshmukh Road. This is where the Adyar Corridor begins.
A non-conventional interchange with 5 ramps at Gandhi Mandapam Road.
A trumpet interchange near Nandanam Cosmopolitan Club where the Mambalam Canal Corridor begins with an additional ramp.
A non-conventional interchange with 2 ramps at Inner Ring Road.
A non-conventional interchange with 3 ramps at Mount-Poonamallee Road.
A trumpet interchange at Porur with Chennai Bypass with 2 additional ramps. This is where the Adyar Corridor ends.
Chennai Bypass Corridor Interchanges (2)
A 3-tier interchange at Irumbuliyur. This is where the Chennai Bypass Corridor begins.
A trumpet interchange is under construction at Madhavaram where the Corridor ends.
Chennai Port - Madhuravoyal Elevated Expressway Interchanges (2)
A Clover leaf interchange is under construction at Maduravoyal.
A modified parclo interchange with 3-loops in under construction at Koyambedu.
North Buckingham Canal Corridor Interchanges (2)
A trumpet interchange at Manali Oil Refinery Road (MORR) with an additional ramp. This is where the Buckingham Canal Corridors begin.
A modified parclo interchange [in the shape of letter 'B'] with 4 additional ramps at Manali High road.
Mambalam Canal Corridor Interchanges (1)
A non-conventional interchange with 4 ramps at Todhunter Nagar.
East Coast Elevated Expressway Interchanges (2)
A non-conventional interchange with 4 ramps at Foreshore Estate.
A 3-tier elevated interchange with the proposed Southern Bund Road along the Adyar River abutting Theosophical Society.
Project Status
2008
January:
Governor's address on the preparation of pre-feasibility study for HSCTC and Preliminary works for Port-Maduravoyal Elevated expressway.
November:
Wilbur Smith Associates won the contract of TNUIFSL to prepare the feasibility study and DPR for the project.
2009
28 May:
DIR, cost estimates, work drawings and bid documents for the first leg the Chennai High Speed Circular Corridors (HSCC) was released to the public.
31 May:
Public consultation will be held on June 3, 2009 at 10 a.m at Hotel Checkers, Little Mount.
3 June:
2-tier and 3-tier systems were discussed with the public and experts. Residents of the affected areas opposed the project and demanded proper compensation if they are evicted.
Adyar Poonga Trust promises to resettle the displaced.
16 June:
Adyar Poonga Trust plans to bring commercial real estate in the elevated corridors as part of the fund equation. Residents voice out asking why not residential real estate for the affected fishermen.
DPR for Adyar Corridor and feasibility for other corridors will be ready by the end of 2009.
12 August:
HSCTC Corridor length shortened to 100 km from 120 to accommodate the elevated section Metro along the IRR and St. Thomas Mount to Porur section.
26 August:
Feasibility study to be over by January 2010. Total length of the corridor is 110 km. 60 km will be built by NHAI as part of Chennai Port - Maduravoyal Expressway and Ennore - Manali Road Infrastructure Projects.
2010
July 2010:
Environmental clearance has been obtained from National Coastal Zone Management Authority (NCZMA) for Chennai Port —— Maduravoyal Expressway.
See also
IT Corridor
Chennai Elevated Expressways
References
Public transport in India
Expressways in Tamil Nadu
Proposed public transport in India
Proposed infrastructure in Tamil Nadu
Ring roads in India
Piet Bergveld (; born 26 January 1940) is a Dutch electrical engineer. They were professor of biosensors at the University of Twente between 1983 and 2003.  They are the inventor of the ion-sensitive field-effect transistor (ISFET) sensor. Bergveld's work has focused on electrical engineering and biomedical technology.
Career
Bergveld was born in Oosterwolde, Friesland on 26 January 1940. In 1960 they started studying electrical engineering at the Eindhoven University of Technology, they had preferred to study biomedical engineering but that was not available. Between 1964 and 1965 they did a master's degree at the Philips Natuurkundig Laboratorium. In the latter half of the 1960s Bergveld started working as a scientific employee at the Technische Hogeschool Twente (which later became the University of Twente). Intrigued by discovering and measuring the origin of electronic activity in the human brain Bergveld started working on a new technique. In 1970, they completed the development of the ion-sensitive field-effect transistor (ISFET) sensor. It was based on their earlier research on the MOSFET (metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor), which they realized could be adapted into a biosensor for electrochemical and biological applications. In 1973, they earned their PhD at Twente, with a dissertation which delved deeper into the possibilities of ISFET sensors.
Bergveld worked at the University of Twente from 1965 until they took up emeritus status in February 2003. They had been a full professor since 1983. At the university they were one of the driving forces for increased biomedical technology research and one of the founding fathers of the MESA+ research institute.
In 1995 Bergveld was awarded the prize by minister Hans Wijers. They were elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1997. In April 2003 Bergveld was made a Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion.
See also
ISFET (Ion-sensitive field-effect transistor)
ChemFET (Chemical field-effect transistor)
BioFET (Biosensor field-effect transistor)
References
External links
Profile on IEEE Xplore
1940 births
Biosensors
Dutch electrical engineers
Eindhoven University of Technology alumni
Knights of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Living people
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
People from Ooststellingwerf
University of Twente alumni
University of Twente faculty
The 2015 William Jones Cup was the 37th staging of William Jones Cup, a top-level international basketball tournament of FIBA Asia. The tournament was held in Taiwan from 29 August until 6 September 2015. All games were played in Xinchuang Gymnasium, New Taipei City.
Men's tournament
Team standings
|}
Day 1
Day 2
Day 3
Day 4
Day 5
Day 6
Day 7
Day 8
Day 9
Women's tournament
Team standings
|}
Day 1
Day 2
Day 3
Day 4
Day 5
Awards
Men's tournament
Mythical Five
Hamed Haddadi
Mehdi Kamrani
Moon Tae-young
Jayson Castro
Lin Chih-chieh
Women's tournament
References
2015
2015–16 in Taiwanese basketball
2015–16 in American basketball
2015–16 in Asian basketball
2015 in New Zealand basketball
Eugen "Genia" Walaschek (20 June 1917 – 22 March 2007), was a Swiss footballer. They played for Servette Genf and the Switzerland national football team, for whom they appeared in the 1938 FIFA World Cup, scoring a goal in their first-round victory over Nazi Germany. They coached EF La Chaux de Fonds and Urania Genève.
References
1917 births
2007 deaths
Swiss footballers
Switzerland international footballers
Servette FC players
BSC Young Boys players
Urania Genève Sport players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Swiss football managers
Association football forwards
Soviet emigrants to Switzerland
Saila Saari (born 1 November 1989) is a Finnish retired ice hockey forward. They represented in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2018 Winter Olympics, winning a bronze medal, and at the IIHF Women's World Championships in 2015 and 2016.
Saari played the entirety of their club career in the Naisten Liiga and won the Aurora Borealis Cup with JYP Jyväskylä Naiset in 2016 and with Oulun Kärpät Naiset in 2017 and 2018. They were named to the league's All-Star Team in 2014–15 and 2016–17, and was recognized with the Emma Laaksonen Award as the league's fair-play player in 2012–13 and 2017–18.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
People from Alavus
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
JYP Jyväskylä Naiset players
Oulun Kärpät Naiset players
KalPa Naiset players
Jyväskylän Hockey Cats players
Sportspeople from South Ostrobothnia
Dogtown is a census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California. Dogtown sits at an elevation of . The 2020 United States census reported Dogtown's population was 2,643, which is up from 2,506 in the 2010 United States census.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 13.0 square miles (33.6 km2), 99.83% of it land and 0.17% of it water.
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Dogtown had a population of 2,506. The population density was . The racial makeup of Dogtown was 2,040 (81.4%) White, 15 (0.6%) African American, 23 (0.9%) Native American, 57 (2.3%) Asian, 2 (0.1%) Pacific Islander, 253 (10.1%) from other races, and 116 (4.6%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 638 persons (25.5%).
The Census reported that 2,506 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 849 households, out of which 307 (36.2%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 587 (69.1%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 54 (6.4%) had a female householder with no husband present, 48 (5.7%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 46 (5.4%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 4 (0.5%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 130 households (15.3%) were made up of individuals, and 55 (6.5%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.95. There were 689 families (81.2% of all households); the average family size was 3.24.
The population was spread out, with 620 people (24.7%) under the age of 18, 205 people (8.2%) aged 18 to 24, 515 people (20.6%) aged 25 to 44, 811 people (32.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 355 people (14.2%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.8 males.
There were 924 housing units at an average density of , of which 681 (80.2%) were owner-occupied, and 168 (19.8%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 2.0%; the rental vacancy rate was 5.6%. 1,953 people (77.9% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 553 people (22.1%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in San Joaquin County, California
Census-designated places in California
Hardy Farm tram stop was a proposed future tram stop on the phase 3b plans to Manchester Airport, which would have been on the north side of Sale Water Park. It was due to open in 2016 but was dropped from the plans.
References
Proposed Manchester Metrolink tram stops
Noinu Thumleima (Meitei pronunciation: nói.nu tʰum.lə́i.mə) or Thumkhong Lairembi () is the goddess of salt and salt wells in Meitei mythology and religion of ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).  They are a sister (or friend) of the goddesses, Phouoibi (Phouleima), Ngaleima and Ereima (Ireima). People pray to them so there will be enough salt. Salt is an important part of the human diet.
According to the "Recent Researches in Oriental Indological Studies: Including Meiteilogy" by Moirangthem Kirti Singh, the goddess is a wife of Pakhangba, the royal deity.
Etymology
The Meitei female given name "Thumleima" (tʰum.lə́i.mə, ꯊꯨꯝꯂꯩꯃ) is made of two words. These words are "Thum" (tʰum, ꯊꯨꯝ) and "Leima" (lə́i.mə, ꯂꯩꯃ). In Meitei, "Thum" (tʰum, ꯊꯨꯝ) means salt, usually the common salt. In Meitei, "Leima" (lə́i.mə, ꯂꯩꯃ) means queen, mistress or lady.
Another name of goddess Thumleima is "Thumkhong Lairembi" (ꯊꯨꯝꯈꯣꯡ ꯂꯥꯢꯔꯦꯝꯕꯤ). The Meitei word "Thumkhong" (tʰum.kʰoŋ, ꯊꯨꯝꯈꯣꯡ) is made up of two component words, "Thum" (tʰum, ꯊꯨꯝ) and "Khong" (kʰoŋ, ꯈꯣꯡ). "Thum" (ꯊꯨꯝ) means salt. "Khong" (kʰoŋ, ꯈꯣꯡ) means mine (of salt or metallic ores). So, "Thumkhong" (tʰum.kʰoŋ, ꯊꯨꯝꯈꯣꯡ) means salt ditch or salt brine or salt mine or salt well. Another Meitei word "Lairembi" (ꯂꯥꯢꯔꯦꯝꯕꯤ) is made up of three component words, "Lai" (ꯂꯥꯢ), "-rem" (-ꯔꯦꯝ) and "bi" (ꯕꯤ). "Lai" (ꯂꯥꯢ) means "God". "-rem" (-ꯔꯦꯝ) or "-lem" (-ꯂꯦꯝ) means "excellent". "bi" (ꯕꯤ) or "pi" (ꯄꯤ) is a suffix to denote feminine gender. So, "Lairembi" (ꯂꯥꯢꯔꯦꯝꯕꯤ) means a goddess.
Association with other goddesses
Thumleima is one of the divine manifestations of Leimarel (Leimalel). Leimalel is the supreme mother earth goddess. It is said that Leimalel becomes Thumleima when they are in the salt mine. Thumleima is also considered as one of the divine incarnations of goddess Imoinu.
In popular culture
Phou-oibi, the rice goddess is a 2009 ballad opera. It was performed by the Laihui Ensemble. It is based on the story of the goddess and their sister Phouoibi.
Phouoibi Shayon is a 2017 Manipuri mythology movie based on the story of the goddess and their sister Phouoibi.
See also
Panthoibi, Meitei goddess of civilization, love, and warfare
References
External links
Noinu Thumleima_English Wikisource
Thumleima_archive.org
Food goddesses
Leima
Names of God in Sanamahism
Phil Heywood is an American fingerstyle acoustic guitar player, singer and composer.
Biography
Raised in Iowa, Heywood has been based in the Minneapolis area since the mid-1980s.
Heywood has performed as an opening act for Leo Kottke, Norman Blake, Chris Smither and Greg Brown and has performed with Chet Atkins, Tim Sparks, Pat Donohue, and Peter Lang.
They have also performed on such national venues as A Prairie Home Companion and won the National Fingerstyle Guitar Championship at the Walnut Valley Festival in Winfield, Kansas in 1986.
Discography
1990: Some Summer Day
1996: Local Joe
1997: Ye Olde Wooden Guitar Christmas (compilation with Pat Donohue and Dan Neale)
2001: Circle Tour
2003: Banks of the River
2008: You Got to Move
2014: Rollin' On
References
External links
Official Phil Heywood website
Fingerstyle guitarists
Living people
1954 births
20th-century American guitarists
Mr. Chedworth Steps Out is a 1939 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall starring Cecil Kellaway. Kellaway returned to Australia from Hollywood to make the film, which features an early screen appearance by Peter Finch.
It was the fifteenth feature film from Hall and Cinesound Productions. It was released in the United States by Astor Pictures Corp. in 1943, retitled as Forged Money.
Plot summary
A mild-mannered clerk, George Chedworth, is married to the snobbish, nagging Julie, and has four children: gambling addict Arthur, beautiful Gwen, teenage singer Susie and young Fred. Chedworth lends money to Arthur to cover their gambling debts to a bookmaker, and is persuaded by the bookmaker on a long-shot wager. Chedworth is then fired from their job after 24 years of service.  They are given a compensatory employment as a night watchman, and stumbles upon some money hidden by gangsters and an old printing press.
Chedworth uses the money to improve their situation. They win a fortune from an accidental racing bet and from some apparently worthless gold mining shares sold to them by some crooks, including Arthur's boss Leon Fencott. Chedworth moves into a large house, unaware the money they discovered was counterfeit. Fencott is the head of the forgers.
When Arthur tries to pass off one of their forged banknotes to Fencott, the gangsters come after the money and kidnap Chedworth. They are arrested by Brian Carford, a federal agent who has been romancing Gwen and watching Chedworth to see if they are a forger. Chedworth gets to keep their legitimate fortune and Susie wins a singing competition.
Cast
Cecil Kellaway as George Chedworth
James Raglan as Brian Carford
Joan Deering as Gwen Chedworth
Rita Pauncefort as Julia Chedworth
Jean Hatton as Susie Chedworth
Peter Finch as Arthur Chedworth
Rodney Jacobs as Fred Chedworth
Sidney Wheeler as Leon Fencoff
Ronald Whelan as Benny
Leslie Victor as Leslie
Cecil Perry as Maguire
Charmaine Ross as Ada Fencott
Harvey Adams as Mason
Ben Lewin as Welch
Barrett Lennard as Perse Faulkner
Field Fisher as bailiff
Letty Craydon as Mrs Blundell
Les Warton as Sole Barnes
Phil Smith as estate agent
Production
Development
The script was based on the English novel, Mr Chedworth Hits Out (1936) by F Morton Howard.
It was intended as the first of a projected £200,000 five-film program by Cinesound Productions, the others being Gone to the Dogs (1939), Robbery Under Arms, The Further Adventures of Dad and Dave (which became Dad Rudd, MP 1940), and The Haunted House. Robbery Under Arms and The Haunted House were never made.
The film was specifically designed as a vehicle for Cecil Kellaway. They had been working in Hollywood following the success of It Isn't Done (1937) but agreed to come back to Australia especially to make the film at the request of Ken G. Hall. "He was getting much more money than we had offered them but they felt that they owed us something", said Hall.
Kellaway was under contract to RKO so Cinesound had to get their permission to borrow them for the film. It was thought this was the first time the Hollywood studios had done that for one of their actors to appear in an Australian film. They were borrowed for four months.
Kellaway later said they were attracted to the lead role:
<blockquote>It is the part of a human being, not a screen stereotype, for 'Mr. Chedworth' is fighting a battle of circumstances. A lonely, down-trodden little man, they are fighting to uphold their inner better self. It will carry a message to every home, because it depicts the strange fact that it is in our homes we find our harshest critics. There is drama and comedy delightfully combined, when George Chedworth, reclaiming themselves as a man, becomes at last the head of their house, and . . . 'steps out!</blockquote>
Support roles
The part of Cecil Kellaway's youngest daughter was played by Jean Hatton, a young singer who was brought to the attention of Ken G. Hall after they won a Deanna Durbin talent quest. They were signed by Cinesound to a long-term contract, later appearing in Come Up Smiling. Them part in the film was written especially for them They sing two songs during the film's climax, "If It Rains, Who Cares" and "Lo, Hear the Gentle Lark", which was staged in a massive 40-foot set build for the film replicating a radio station.
Rita Pauncefort, who plays Kellaway's nagging wife, was a highly experienced actor of stage and film. They had first acted opposite Cecil Kellaway in South Africa in 1914.
Joan Deering, who plays the ingenue, had never acted on screen before but had a strong theatrical background, having toured with revue companies in England and South Africa. They were English and moved to Australia in 1935 after touring with Frank Neil's pantomime company. Ken G. Hall had met them socially and suggested they screen test. Peter Finch was cast after the impression they made in Dad and Dave Come to Town (1938).
Shooting
Kellaway arrived back in Australia in early October 1938 and shooting took place through that month to November.
Most of the film was shot in Cinesound's studios at Bondi with some location work at Lapstone Hill and Sydney Girls High School. A farewell ball to celebrate the end of shooting was held in December.
There is a line in the film where Cecil Kellaway scolds their son (Peter Finch) for betting on horses. During filming this caused the crew to burst out laughing because Kellaway was known as a keen gambler. "He had their mind on the racetrack all the time", said Hall. "As soon as I'd say 'Cut!' he'd be off like a rabbit up a bank and out the back to the radio to hear what had won the last. They were a mad punter."
Costumes were designed by Thelma Afford, wife of top Australian writer Max Afford.
Release
Box office
The film was not one of Cinesound's biggest successes but reportedly made "a comfortable profit".
Critical
Reviews were positive.The Age'' called it a "lively, well made picture".
In later years the film has come to be regarded as one of Ken G Hall's best. Paul Byrnes later wrote for Australian Screen Online that:
Mr Chedworth Steps Out has all the usual elements of a Cinesound entertainment – four or five plotlines, a master villain, even a couple of songs... but it has one element that lifts it above the pack – Cecil Kellaway... Their performance as the little man who learns to assert themselves is one of the best in all the Cinesound films, and Ken Hall's direction is a large part of that success. The film is put together with great care and confidence, rather than the haste that mars some of Hall's work. Kellaway was playing Hall's favourite type of hero, a nobody who becomes a somebody. They were similar to the man they play in It Isn't Done (1937) but more downtrodden, and thus capable of more anger and passion. Once again, the film has the feel of a Frank Capra film, but this time, Kellaway is able to give us a much more shaded performance, tinged with bitterness and a hint of bile. Whether the film remains a comedy is debatable. Rita Pauncefort's portrayal of Mrs Chedworth as a nagging social climber and spendthrift is beyond satire, heading for something more caustic. The undeclared class warfare in a lot of Ken Hall's films becomes full-scale attack in this film – Mrs Chedworth is a nouveau riche shrew, the object of a special scorn that's not so much humorous as contemptuous... the depiction of Mrs Chedworth feels like the settling of some deep personal score [by Hall].
Proposed remake
The US rights were purchased by Casino Films in New York who at one stage announced they were considering possibly filming a remake. However this never happened.
References
External links
Mr Chedworth Steps Out at Australian Screen Online
Mr Chedworth Steps Out at TCMDB
Mr Chedworth Steps Out at Oz Movies
Mr Chedworth Steps Out at BFI
1939 films
1930s English-language films
1939 comedy films
Australian black-and-white films
Films directed by Ken G. Hall
Australian comedy films
Joseph Foster Malone (December 30, 1887 – February 14, 1926) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played with the Toronto Blueshirts and the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey Association.
They were a brother of Sarsfield Malone, and a second cousin of Joe and Jeff Malone.
References
1887 births
1926 deaths
Anglophone Quebec people
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Montreal Canadiens (NHA) players
Sportspeople from Trois-Rivières
Toronto Blueshirts players
Death on Credit (, US translation: Death on the Installment Plan) is a novel by author Louis-Ferdinand Céline, published in 1936. The most common, and generally most respected English translation is Ralph Manheim's.
Contents
In Death on Credit, Ferdinand, Céline's alter ego, is a doctor in Paris, treating the poor who seldom pay them but take every advantage of their availability. The action is not continuous but goes back in time to earlier memories and often moves into fantasy, especially in Ferdinand's sexual escapades; the style becomes deliberately rougher and sentences become terser to emulate everyday Parisian tragedies: struggles to make a living, illness, venereal disease, the stories of families whose destiny is governed by their own stupidity, malice, lust and greed.
In popular culture
The novel is referenced in the autobiographical first chapter of Kurt Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse-Five as well as Anthony Swofford's Jarhead.
In the 1998 film Wild Things, the character of Suzie Marie Toller (Neve Campbell) is encountered by the police while reading a paperback edition of Death on the Installment Plan—a subtle indication of the attitude of the character and their role in the plot.
References
1936 French novels
Novels by Louis-Ferdinand Céline
Novels set in Paris
Ross Hay is a New Zealand rugby union player currently playing for the Heartland Championship team North Otago.
References
1980 births
Living people
New Zealand rugby union players
North Otago rugby union players
Rugby union players from Oamaru
Rugby union flankers
The 2020 McGrath Cup is inter-county Gaelic football competition in the province of Munster, played by all six county teams. It was won by Limerick, who won their first Cup since 2005.
Format
The teams are drawn into two groups of three teams. Each team plays the other teams in its group once, earning 2 points for a win and 1 for a draw. The two group winners play in the final. If the final is a draw, a penalty shoot-out is used to decide the winner; there is no extra time played.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Final
References
McGrath Cup
McGrath Cup
Burnout is a series of racing games developed by Criterion Games. The first two games were published by Acclaim Entertainment, while later instalments were published by Electronic Arts.
History
Burnouts origins came by way of Criterion Games, a division of Criterion Software Ltd. established in 1999 to showcase the type of games that its RenderWare game engine was capable of, with Fiona Sperry in charge. Their first game was a fast-paced skateboarding game, TrickStyle, published by Acclaim Entertainment for the Dreamcast and released in 1999. As a follow-up title, Sperry's team, now with Alex Ward on board, developed a racing game that showed off the capabilities of the newest iteration of RenderWare, named Burnout, also published by Acclaim in 2001. Burnout was aimed to be an arcade-style racer, placing fun over realism as series like Gran Turismo offered. Burnout was successful enough for a sequel Burnout 2: Point of Impact, released by Acclaim in 2002. Besides races, Burnout 2 introduced the series' signature "Crash mode", in which players would drive a car into a tableau of other cars and objects to try to do as much damage as possible. At this point in the series, the games were focused on driving on rural and country roads, and while the crashing mechanics were part of the game, these were not emphasized as gameplay elements but simply the undesirable, though often spectacular, result of a collision.
In 2004, Acclaim filed for bankruptcy and sold off its existing properties to other publishers. Electronic Arts (EA) acquired Criterion Games as well as the rights to the Burnout series and RenderWare for an estimated that year. EA had been interested in Criterion before from their TrickStyle game, and were initially in 2002 hoping for them to expand that out to be an open-world type skateboarding game under the Skate or Die! moniker, similar to the popularity of Grand Theft Auto III. However, Criterion could not find a way for that to work and the project was dropped; it is believed by journalists that this would ultimately be released in the 2007 game Skate by EA Black Box. The cancelled project left some animosity between Criterion and EA, but in 2003, EA reached out to Criterion, wanting to resolve the matter and to have them work on a second Burnout sequel. Criterion agreed as long as EA left them with creative control over the title. The game was near completion in 2004 by the time of Acclaim's bankruptcy and EA's acquisition. Burnout 3: Takedown took the series in a different route, as Criterion incorporated some of the more combative elements from the SSX series, such that players were "fighting through traffic" rather than just "racing through traffic", according to Ward. Players were able to ram into opponents to focus them into crashes ("Takedowns"), which not only temporarily knocked them out from racing in a similar way to the weapons utilised in games such as Mario Kart, but also benefit the player by providing some boosting effects.
Burnout 3 was highly successful, with more than 2.3 million copies sold through 2006 in the United States alone. Criterion continued to develop additional Burnout games, culminating in Burnout Paradise in 2008. Paradise was envisioned by Ward as putting the Burnout series in an open world, giving players the option of what routes to take to complete races, alongside other traditional game modes, while adding a social element to the game.
Relation to the Need for Speed series
Around 2008–2009, some of Criterion's staff had jokingly asked if they could work on an installment in the Need for Speed franchise, which put more focus on stunt-type driving than collisions. The series' games had been bounced between several of EA's internal studios. EA allowed them to develop a title, 2010's Hot Pursuit which was both critically and financially successful and led to Criterion becoming the lead studio for the Need for Speed franchise. Hot Pursuit and its 2012 follow up, Most Wanted, were noted to feature elements from the Burnout series.
In 2013, oversight of the Need for Speed series was transferred to EA's newly formed subsidiary, Ghost Games, as well as 80% of the developers at Criterion; the remaining staff served as advisors. In April of that year, Alex Ward stated that Criterion would be steering away from the racing genre, placing the future of the Burnout series into question. Sperry and Ward would ultimately leave Criterion in early 2014 and later form a new studio, Three Fields Entertainment. As the IP for Burnout still remains with EA, the studio would spend several years working through smaller game ideas to develop a spiritual successor to the Burnout series, with Dangerous Driving being the first game meant to capture several aspects of the series. In 2019, development of the Need for Speed series was reverted to Criterion Games; Ghost Games would be reverted to its original name as EA Gothenburg and became a Frostbite Engine support studio. That year's instalment, Need for Speed Heat, would also feature loose elements from the Burnout series, such as billboard destruction, ramps located throughout the game world, and a diverse terrain.
Gameplay
The most notable feature that the series is known for is its crash mode. This series is well known for its emphasis on aggressive driving and high speed. In-race rewards are given to a player if they take risks such as driving towards oncoming traffic or deliberately attempting to make their opponents crash. In Burnout 3: Takedown the latter action, referred to in-game as a "takedown", was showcased extensively and gave rewards such as points and boost when successfully performed.
It was not the racing element of the game but the slow motion replays of crashes that show the cars being deformed realistically that brought Burnout to the attention of the public. Criterion picked up on this and introduced a special "Crash Mode" as part of Burnout 2: Point of Impact. In this mode, players are instructed to cause as much damage as possible by crashing their vehicle into traffic in a specially designed level featuring "crash junctions", areas where many vehicles are passing by (such as a highway). During these events, traffic is constantly the same, utilizing a trial-and-error method to succeed. The mode was excluded from Burnout Paradise due to the arrival of Burnout Crash!. Instead, it is replaced with a "Showtime" mode, which allows the player to crash "anywhere, anytime". Point of Impact also introduced a Pursuit mode, where the player drives a special police car and must chase down a speeding racer and stop them before the racecourse ends. This mode was discontinued, but it was featured in Burnout Legends and has reappeared as an available upgrade for purchase in Burnout Paradise known as Cops And Robbers.
The takedown element of Burnout 3: Takedown is what differentiates it from other racing games. It is an essential strategy for winning races, especially in single player. There is also a "road rage" mode in which the object is to takedown as many opponents as possible.
Burnout Revenge introduced the "traffic check" feature, which made it possible for the player to hit smaller traffic vehicles without crashing and to use them to try to take down rivals. Burnout Dominator is the only game without the crash mode from the previous games. Dominator mainly focuses on the original game's "Burnout", which is using up the entire boost meter non-stop and trying to chain boosts as long as possible.
Burnout Paradise added new features such as its open world gameplay where players could explore Paradise City at their leisure and race whenever they want once they get to race-starting areas called "intersections". It also introduced a feature called "mugshot" where, using the Xbox Live Vision camera or PlayStation Eye, it takes a "mugshot" of their opponent once the player took them down.
Cars
Burnout originally featured a small collection of cars, including the small Compact, the Saloon (as well as a sports-modified GT version), the Pickup and the Muscle. This collection grew in Burnout 2 to include cars such as the Oval racer, the Cop Car, the Classic, The Gangster and the Hot Rod. Once Burnout 3: Takedown was released, the original cars were no longer used, except for the Custom Coupe Ultimate, a lime green Coupe that was one of the "Custom" cars in Burnout 2 (this car also reappears in Burnout Legends, Burnout Dominator, and Burnout Paradise). The Paradise version is called the Kitano Hydros Techno. The same happened in Burnout Revenge where the car collection was entirely new. For the most part, Burnout Paradise'''s car collection is all new but there are some vehicles (such as the asupervisorstioned "Custom Coupe Ultimate" and the Custom Roadster from Burnout 2 or the Revenge Racer from Burnout Revenge) that are models from previous Burnout games. Paradise is also the first Burnout game to designate manufacturers and realistic car model names for its vehicles (such as the "Carson Annihilator" or "Nakamura Ikusa GT").
Another thing to note is how many of the cars could be based on their real-life counterparts, especially the vehicles from Burnout Revenge and Burnout Paradise. An example is the "Carson GT Concept" from Paradise, which resembles a fifth-generation Chevrolet Camaro.
Certain games in the series also have compatibility with other games, such as in Revenge, where players can unlock the Madden Challenge Bus by having a save file from Madden NFL 06, and a Burnout 3: Takedown save file unlocks the Dominator Assassin''.
References
External links
Electronic Arts franchises
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video game franchises
Vehicular combat games
Video game franchises introduced in 2001
Cordelia the Magnificent is a 1923 American silent mystery film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Clara Kimball Young. It is now believed to be a lost film.
Plot summary
Cordelia, a smart and pretty society girl, becomes suddenly impoverished but decides to get a job rather than marry for money. A complicated blackmail plot ensues.
Cast
Clara Kimball Young
Huntley Gordon
Carol Halloway
Lloyd Whitlock
Jacqueline Gadsden
Lewis Dayton
Mary Jane Irving
Catherine Murphy
Elinor Hancock
Release
According to surviving accounts, the film was not well reviewed by major publications. It was, however, commercially successful.
References
External links
Clara Kimball Young - Official Website
1923 films
1920s mystery drama films
American black-and-white films
American mystery drama films
American silent feature films
Films directed by George Archainbaud
Lost American films
1923 drama films
1920s American films
Silent American drama films
Silent mystery films
Saddle Serenade is a 1945 American Western film directed by Oliver Drake and written by Frances Kavanaugh. The film stars Jimmy Wakely, Lee "Lasses" White, John James, Nancy Brinckman, Jack Ingram and Claire James. The film was released on August 11, 1945, by Monogram Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Jimmy Wakely as Jimmy Wakely
Lee "Lasses" White as Lasses
John James as Dusty Smith
Nancy Brinckman as Doris Rogers
Jack Ingram as Roy Williams
Claire James as Brenda Ames
Pat Gleason as Vaughn
Kay Deslys as Fanny Vandercoop
Roy Butler as Sheriff Hawkins
Foy Willing as Guitar Player
References
External links
1945 films
American Western (genre) films
1945 Western (genre) films
Monogram Pictures films
Films directed by Oliver Drake
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Marcus Mepstead OLY ( ; born 11 May 1990) is a British Olympic foil fencer, who competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio De Janeiro. A team bronze medallist at the 2010 and 2013 European Championships, and team gold medallist at the 2015 European Games.  They are the 2016 British National Champion and 2019 Vice-World Champion.
Career
Mepstead started fencing after seeing it on their way home after school. They were a member of the team that earned a bronze medal at the 2010 European Championships in Leipzig, Great Britain's first medal at the major fencing event since 1965, becoming the youngest British athlete to medal at a European Fencing Championships. They took part in the 2011 Summer Universiade. Great Britain earned another European bronze medal two years later in Zagreb.
In 2014 they were drafted into the British World Class Programme ahead of the 2016 Summer Olympics. In the 2014–15 season they took part in the first edition of the European Games held in Baku. Great Britain defeated France, then managed a surprise win against favourites Italy to earn the gold medal. In April 2016 they were named in the four-man team for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro coming on to fight against Russia, Egypt and China as Great Britain finished 6th in the Team Event. In July 2019 they earned the individual silver medal at the 2019 World Championships, beating world number 1 Alessio Foconi in the first round, Son Young Ki 15-12 in the semifinal, before being defeated 15-6 by Enzo Lefort in the final.
Personal life
In 2014 Marcus Mepstead graduated with a 2.1 BSc Honours degree in Economics and Geography at the London School of Economics. Whilst studying they were part of the University of London Union team that earned promotion to first division. They were awarded full purples for their involvement as well as building a new sports ambassador role within London School of Economics. Currently they train full-time, working with the British Athletes Commission as well as mentoring and coaching at clubs and schools.
References
External links
Profile at the European Fencing Confederation
1990 births
Living people
British male foil fencers
Fencers at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in fencing
European Games gold medalists for Great Britain
Olympic fencers of Great Britain
Fencers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from London
Fencers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Jeannette Genius McKean (1909–1989) was a painter, interior decorator, Louis Comfort Tiffany art glass collector, Morse Museum founder and benefactor of Rollins College.  They are listed as a Great Floridian. The Jeanette Genius McKean Memorial 5k run is held annually in their honor.
McKean was born in Chicago and moved with their parents to New York. They attended Dana Hall and Pine Manor Junior College in Wellesley, Massachusetts and studied art at Grand Central Art School and the Art Students League in New York. Them grandfather, Charles Hosmer Morse, lived in Winter Park, Florida where they settled.
They opened the Morse Museum at Rollins College in 1942 and named it for their grandfather. Them husband, Hugh F. McKean, served as director. After their return home from World War II, they married Hugh McKean in 1945.
References
Further reading
Historic home history
External links
Louis Comfort Tiffany and Laurelton Hall: an artist's country estate, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art Libraries (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on McKean
1909 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American painters
People from Winter Park, Florida
Artists from Chicago
American women painters
20th-century American women artists
Mezinárodní všeodborový svaz (International All-Union League, abbreviated MVS) was a national trade union centre in Czechoslovakia. MVS was founded in October 1922, after communists had been expelled from the Odborové sdružení českoslovanské (Czechoslav Trade Union Association, OSČ). MVS functioned as the trade union wing of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia (KSČ), but parallel to MVS there were also the 'Red Trade Unions' (communist-dominated autonomous unions).
MVS affiliated itself to the Red International of Labour Unions (Profintern).
The communist trade unions (i.e. MVS and the Red Trade Unions) had a combined membership which fluctuated between 88 000-200 000. The communists were strongest amongst blue-collar workers, especially amongst Hungarians and in the agricultural sector.
By late 1927 MVS had 179 993 members, 10.71% of the unionized labour force in the country. In total MVS had 16 affiliated unions with a combined number of 2406 local trade union cells. At the time, MVS was the third largest trade union centre in Czechoslovakia.
But the relations between the MVS and KSČ were not uncomplicated. The MVS leadership had political goals of their own, somewhat different from the ambitions of the party. The MVS saw the OSČ as its main competetitor, and actively encouraged workers to leave OSČ for MVS. This made the work of building communist, red, fractions inside OSČ unions more difficult for KSČ. The KSČ repeatedly demanded that MVS would cease its policy of draining the OSČ of leftwing elements, but the MVS did not yield. Partly, MVS could ignore the party demands due to disunity within the party on trade union matters.
In 1929 the relation between KSČ and MVS was broken, as the Communist International shifted from its united front policy to the class against class policy. The Red Trade Unions became the main labour front of KSČ instead. In 1930, after a brief existence as an independent trade union centre, MVS merged back into OSČ.
References
National trade union centers of Czechoslovakia
1922 establishments in Czechoslovakia
1930 disestablishments in Czechoslovakia
Profintern
Trade unions established in 1922
Trade unions disestablished in 1930
The William Green House is a historic farmhouse in Ewing Township, New Jersey. The first home on the site was built in the last decade of the 17th century. According to a privately published family monograph, the farmhouse was the home of Judge William Green, who was born in the 1600s in England and died in 1722 in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. The oldest parts of the current structure date to 1717 and the newest to 1830. The house is owned by the College of New Jersey but is in a poor state of repair. It has been considered an endangered historic site for over 40 years and, despite efforts taken by the college in 2006 to shore up the structure, was listed in 2015 as one of New Jersey's 10 most endangered historic sites by Preservation New Jersey.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, New Jersey
List of the oldest buildings in New Jersey
References
External links
Friends of the William Green Farmhouse
National Register of Historic Places in Mercer County, New Jersey
Houses in Mercer County, New Jersey
Ewing Township, New Jersey
The College of New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Waterford Lakes is an unincorporated suburban development area located in Orange County, Florida, United States and is a part of the Orlando Metro Area.
References
External links
Waterford Lakes Community Association
Unincorporated communities in Orange County, Florida
Planned communities in Florida
Unincorporated communities in Florida
Prochora praticola is a species of spider in the family Miturgidae. It is found in China, Korea, and Japan, and was first described by Friedrich Wilhelm Bösenberg and Embrik Strand in 1906 as Agroeca praticola.
References
Miturgidae
Spiders of Asia
Arthropods of Korea
Chelicerates of Japan
Spiders described in 1906
R v Hess; R v Nguyen, [1990] 2 S.C.R. 906 is a decision of the Supreme Court of Canada where the Court struck down part of the Criminal Code offence of rape as a violation of section 7 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Background
Victor Hess and Van Nguyen were both charged in two separate incidents with having sexual intercourse with a female under the age of fourteen contrary to section 146(1) of the Criminal Code. The provision specifically prohibited a male from having sex with a female under the age of fourteen "whether or not they believe that they are fourteen years of age or more".
In Hess's trial, the conviction was quashed on the basis that the offence violated section 15 of the Charter. The verdict was overturned at the Court of Appeal and a new trial was ordered.
In Nguyen's trial, they were convicted, which was upheld on appeal. The court did not find a violation of section 15, but there was a violation of section 7, which was saved under section 1.
The question before the Supreme Court was whether the criminal provision violated sections 7 or 15 of the Charter.
Opinion of the Court
Justice Wilson, writing for the majority, found a violation of section 7 as the provision did not require a mens rea element in establishing the offence as the accused did not need to know the girl's age. Wilson noted that a provision that convicts morally innocent individuals as a means to control a certain area of crime is inconsistent with the principles of fundamental justice. They further noted that this form of constructive culpability was not proportional and so it could not be justified through judicial discretion.
As a remedy, the Court severed the infringing words from the text so that to secure a conviction, it must be proved that the accused knew the girl was under fourteen (or was wilfully blind to that fact).
References
External links
case summary at mapleleafweb.com
Section Seven Charter case law
Section Fifteen Charter case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
Sex laws
Sexuality and age
1990 in Canadian case law
Rape in Canada
Canadian criminal case law
The Mathieu transformations make up a subgroup of canonical transformations preserving the differential form
The transformation is named after the French mathematician Émile Léonard Mathieu.
Details
In order to have this invariance, there should exist at least one relation between and only (without any involved).
where . When a Mathieu transformation becomes a Lagrange point transformation.
See also
Canonical transformation
References
Mechanics
Hamiltonian mechanics
Royal Air Force Prestwick otherwise known as RAF Prestwick, was a RAF unit based at the NATS air traffic control centre, adjacent to Glasgow Prestwick Airport, South Ayrshire, in south west Scotland. The unit was home to the Scottish Air Traffic Control Centre (Military) which provided an air traffic control service to military aircraft operating within its area of responsibility. Prestwick was also home to a Distress and Diversion (D&D) Cell which provided assistance to both military and civil aircraft in an emergency.
The unit closed in December 2013 with operations transferring to the RAF unit at London Area Control Centre in Swanwick, Hampshire.
History
Prestwick Airport was established on 17 February 1936 as a base for Scottish Aviation Limited.
Second World War
During the Second World War, Prestwick was used an eastern terminus for the North Atlantic air ferry route, one of a series of routes over which military aircraft were ferried from the United States and Canada to Great Britain, to support the war in Europe. A large number of heavy bombers, fighter aircraft and aircraft carrying diplomatic and VIP passengers transited through the airfield.
RAF Ferry Command was formed on 20 July 1941 to take control of North Atlantic ferry flights but became part RAF Transport Command on 25 March 1943, with the role becoming the responsibility of No. 45 (Atlantic Ferry) Group. Ferry flights were initially controlled by the Overseas Movement Control Centre, operating from a location in Gloucestershire. As the number of flights increased, Trans-Atlantic Air Control (TAC) was relocated in November 1941 to Redbrae House, a mock Tudor home located near Prestwick Airport. A large United States military presence was established at Prestwick to support the ferry flights from North America.
In late 1944, a Flying Control Centre was established in Redbrae House, providing an area control service for the region. The centre was operated by a combination of British, Canadian and American military personnel until the end of the Second World War in 1945.
After the war, responsibility for TAC came under the control of RAF Transport Command after the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) presence dramatically reduced. The centre at Redbrae House, previously operated by an international alliance of military personnel, was transferred to the Ministry of Civil Aviation and the Oceanic Area Control Centre was created.
Post war
In November 1947, the RAF regional control centre was re-designated Scottish Traffic Control Centre (Military) (ScATCC(Mil)) to control military aircraft flying within the airspace above Scotland. Around the same time, a civilian air traffic control service began to meet the demand from the expanding civil aviation market. The unit was staffed by RAF Air Traffic Control Officers and Air Traffic Control Assistants. Both military and civilian aircraft were controlled by RAF controllers who provided a variety of air traffic services predominantly outside controlled airspace or within airspace designated as Military Training Areas. A Distress and Diversion (D&D) cell was co-located with ScATCC (Mil), tasked with assisting aircraft in distress and/or encountering emergency situations.
In April 1977, the D&D cell and the Air Defence Notification Centre (North) (ADNC) moved into new premises at Atlantic House, followed by ScATCC (Mil) on 2 November 1978. ADNC (North) closed on 31 March 1997, with approximately 65 RAF staff remaining at Prestwick.
The Freedom of the South Ayrshire was awarded to RAF Prestwick on 17 July 2009. In November of that year, the unit moved to the new NATS Prestwick Centre, built adjacent to Atlantic House, which accommodates the NATS civilian controllers providing oceanic and Scottish area control services.
The Prestwick Distress & Diversion Cell closed in December 2012 when D&D operations moved to RAF (Unit) Swanwick in Hampshire.
Role and operations
Prior to its closure, RAF Prestwick's mission statement was "To contribute effectively to the delivery of airpower by assisting with the protection of the integrity of the UK's airspace and being at the forefront of excellence in the provision of the air traffic control, airspace management and support services." The main responsibilities of RAF Prestwick was to provide air traffic control (ATC) services to military aircraft carrying out the following activities.
Flying between 25,000 ft and 66,000 ft
Crossing the national airways system
On transit flights operating below 25,000 ft outside controlled airspace
On operations (such as air-to-air refuelling)
The Distress and Diversion (D&D) Cell was one of two D&D Cells (the other RAF (U) Swanwick) established to provide assistance to both military and civil aircraft experiencing an emergency. The cell maintained a continuous listening watch on both guard frequencies, 121.5 MHz for civilian aircraft and 243.0 MHz for military aircraft and was responsible for co-ordinating responses within UK airspace north of Newcastle and contacting the Aeronautical Rescue Co-ordination Centre (ARCC), which at the time was based at RAF Kinloss in Moray.
The unit at RAF Prestwick was parented by RAF Leuchars in Fife.
Units
The following units were based at RAF Prestwick at some point:
No. 1 Civil Air Navigation School RAF (August 1938 - November 1939) became No. 1 Air Observers Navigation School RAF (November 1939 - July 1941)
'D' Flight of No. 1 (Coastal) Operational Training Unit RAF (August - November 1940)
'D' Flight of No. 2 (Coastal) Operational Training Unit RAF (November 1940 - July 1941)
No. 2 Supplementary School of Wireless Telegraphy RAF (September 1939 - October 1940)
No. 3 Radio School RAF (December 1940 - August 1942) became No. 3 Radio Direction Finding School RAF (August - December 1942)
No. 4 Ferry Pilot Pool ATA (September 1940 - January 1942) & (August 1942 - October 1945)
No. 4A Ferry Pilot Pool ATA (January - August 1942)
No. 4B Ferry Pilot Pool ATA (January - August 1942)
Detachment of No. 6 Anti-Aircraft Co-operation Unit RAF (March - June 1941)
Detachment of No. 7 Anti-Aircraft Co-operation Unit RAF (January - May 1941)
No. 10 Air Observers Navigation School RAF (November - December 1939) disbanded into No. 1 Air Observers Navigation School RAF
No. 12 Elementary and Reserve Flying Training School RAF (February 1936 - September 1939) became No. 12 Elementary Flying Training School RAF (September 1939 - March 1941)
No. 1425 (Communication) Flight RAF (October 1941 - April 1942)
No. 1527 (Beam Approach Training) Flight RAF (October 1941 - September 1945) became No. 1527 (Radio Aids Training) Flight RAF (September 1945 - February 1946)
No. 1680 (Western Isles Communications) Flight RAF (March - April 1944) became No. 1680 (Transport) Flight RAF (April 1944 - February 1946)
Squadrons
Heritage
The station badge showed a Lion, (symbolising strength and valour), holding a shepherd's crook, (symbolising watchfulness), within a turret, (symbolising a place of refuge, strength and safety).
The station motto, Faire Agus Gliocas, is Scottish Gaelic for "Watchfulness and Wisdom".
Closure
The Minister for Armed Forces announced on 31 March 2013 that RAF Prestwick would close by the end of 2013. Due to technological advances, there was no longer a requirement for two military area radar control centres in the United Kingdom.The unit subsequently closed on 6 December 2013, when the RAF Ensign was lowered for the final time, representing the end of a 77-year association between Ayrshire and the RAF. Prestwick's operations and thirty personnel were transferred to the RAF unit based in the NATS London Air Traffic Control Centre in Swanwick, Hampshire, forming a single military area radar unit. A small number of RAF personnel remained at Prestwick until January 2014 to complete the transfer.
See also
List of former Royal Air Force stations
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
NATS
Royal Air Force stations in Ayrshire
1936 establishments in Scotland
Airports established in 1936
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Royal Air Force stations in Scotland
Air traffic control centers
Air traffic control in Europe
The 1972 Bulgarian Cup Final was the 32nd final of the Bulgarian Cup (in this period the tournament was named Cup of the Soviet Army), and was contested between CSKA Sofia and Slavia Sofia on 12 July 1972 at Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia. CSKA won the final 3–0.
Match
Details
See also
1971–72 A Group
References
Bulgarian Cup finals
PFC CSKA Sofia matches
PFC Slavia Sofia matches
Platyptilia percnodactylus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America (including California and Alberta).
The wingspan is about 22 mm. The head and thorax are pale brown. The antennae are spotted on the upper side with white and brown. The abdomen is brownish, although paler at the base. The legs are whitish, slender, slightly enlarged and tinged with brownish at the end of the segments. The forewings are pale brown with much paler blotches and a pale brownish streak crossing the wing, parallel to the outer margin. There is also a brown line at the base of the fringes, which are mostly brown. The hindwings are brown.
References
Moths described in 1880
percnodactylus
Cinzio Filonardi (died 1534) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1533–1534).
Biography
On 7 November 1533, Cinzio Filonardi was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VII as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
They served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until their death in November 1534.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VII
1534 deaths
Lake Eber () is a fresh water lake in Afyon Province, Turkey.
Geography
The lake is between the district centers of Çay, Bolvadin and Sultandağı of Afyon Province. The midpoint is at about . The altitude of the water surface with respect to sea level is . The surface area fluctuates and at times it may be exceeded . In past the maximum recorded depth was .
Geology
Lake Eber is a part of Akarçay closed basin, a tectonic basin about . At the conclusion of the last glacier age (Pleistocene) a vast lake was formed in the basin. But after the water level dropped, the lake was fragmentized into two lakes. Lake Eber is at the north west and Lake Akşehir which shares the same history lies at the south east. Presently the distance between the two lakes (the nearest points) is about .
Tributaries
The tributaries are rivulets from the Sultan Mountains at the south. When the level increases beyond a certain level the water is fed to the nearby lower level Akşehir lake by a channel (Eber channel).
Ecology
The main plants of the lake are Typha latifolia, Phragmites australis, Lycopus europaeus and Mentha aquatica. The lake is known for the reed beds. Sometimes the remains of reed beds which detach from the land, constitute floating islands on the lake and may be used by the fishermen. The fish species are Cyprinus carpio, Cyprinus carpio, Esox lucius and Gobio gobio. The lake is also known for various waterfowls.
Important Bird Area status
The lake was declared by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area in 1989 for its waterfowl species of international character and species, which are threatened by hunting, pollution and reed cutting.
Environmental issues
Due to global warming and misuse of water sources, the surface area of the lake is shrinking. The neighbouring Lake Akşehir has been mostly dried up. Up to 1992, the most important problem was water pollution. Although, the lake was declared as Natural Protected Area in 1992, () it was reported that the lake had dried out completely in 2018. As of 2020, the water has been reported to be back in the lake.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20101121070845/http://www.guleta.com/turkey/lake/lake_eber.php
Eber
Landforms of Afyonkarahisar Province
Important Bird Areas of Turkey
Schillingsfürst is a municipality in the district of Ansbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 12 km southeast of Rothenburg ob der Tauber, and 23 km west of Ansbach.
Schillingsfürst castle (Schloss Schillingsfürst) is the home of the princely Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst family.
Notable people
The Bavarian Lieutenant General and Acting War Minister Hugo Ritter von Bosch (1782–1865) was born in Schillingsfürst.
References
Ansbach (district)
Ardpeaton is a settlement in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, on the shore of Loch Long, with a population under 1000.
References
Villages in Argyll and Bute
Days Like This was a dedicated year-long radio initiative broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster.
The programme featured human interest stories of significant days in the life of listeners. It aired each weekday morning at 11:55am. The series producer was Pauline Currie.
External links
Official website
Radio programmes in Northern Ireland
Ideal Institute of Management and Technology & School of Law is a postsecondary institution in Karkardooma, an area of Delhi, India, founded in 1999 by the New Millennium Education Society & affiliated to GGSIPU, Delhi, Approved by Bar Council of India. Accredited by NAAC and An ISO 9001:2015 Certified Institution.
It offers courses leading to the degrees of BBA (CAM), BBA and LL.B.(H) from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi. The institute has been consistently ranked as one of the best institutions affiliated to GGSIPU.
References
External links
Law schools in Delhi
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
Educational institutions established in 1999
1999 establishments in Delhi
The Danish telephone plug is the special flat round telephone plug used in Denmark for POTS (analog) telephone lines and some "raw copper" (for ADSL etc.) telephone lines. The plug has 3 flat pins arranged at right angles to each other. This plug is used in few if any other places in the world, and most equipment now made uses the US/International RJ11 socket on the device end and includes either a cable with the Danish Telephone Plug at the wall end, or a standard RJ11 to RJ11 cable with a bundled Telephone Adapter.
Technical description
The plug consists of two vertical and one horizontal flat pin, arranged like 3 sides (left, right and top) of a rectangle. The two vertical pins carry the same tip and ring signals used in other countries. The third pin (top, horizontal) used to be connected to ground and was occasionally used with switchboards, but is now generally unused and left unconnected.
Each pin is long, wide and about thick, compatible with one of the historic types of blade plugs. The two signal pins are apart while the ground pin is about above the center of the two signal pins.
In practice, 5 variants of the plug are currently being made:
A completely flat wall socket (pictured) 50×50 millimetres (about 2×2 inches) with the 3 flat holes in the middle. This design matches the look, junction boxes etc. of other Danish wall outlets (such as those for AC power). It supersedes an earlier round model which had a slightly recessed circular depression where the plug goes. Sockets etc. based on this 50mm module may be densely packed on walls etc. both vertically and horizontally, so plugs with their cords etc. need to stay within a traditional (?) circle around the center to avoid collisions.
A regular plug (pictured), with the 3 pins going into the wall and the handle part of the plug being a flat disc protruding only about from the socket. The telephone cable generally exits the plug at the bottom. The plug has a slightly larger diameter () for its outermost , thus providing an easy grip. This design supersedes an earlier model which protruded about from the socket (pictured).
A combination plug/socket, where each pin of the plug mechanically extends into the connecting part of each hole in the socket. The entire plug/socket is round and extends from the socket it is inserted into, making it the same size and shape as the earlier variant of the regular plug. The combination plug/socket also has the larger diameter at the outer (socket) edge for easier grip.
A round socket used at the end of extension cables. This is also the same size and shape as the earlier variant of the regular plug, but there are no pins and the socket holes are on the side where the pins would otherwise be.
A crudely made telephone adapter (pictured) which combines a combination plug/socket (as above) with an RJ11 socket in a single plastic housing. This mass-produced adapter has a larger diameter than its non-adapter cousins, for no apparent technical reason. As seen on the picture, this adapter fails to stay within the area of the socket causing mechanical problems.
History
Unlike in some other countries, this telephone plug was introduced long before any liberalization of the telephone market occurred. Until the mid-1980s, all legal telephone equipment with this plug was rented, purchased or at least approved from the regional telephone companies or (rarely) the government.
The 3-pronged Danish Telephone Plug is a simplified form of an older 5 pronged plugs, where the two extra pins (vertical, above and further apart than the signal pins) connected to a customer premises long life battery that provided power for telephones before the introduction of "automatic dialing" (the ability to place calls without operator assistance).
Also in installations of similar age, a mechanical switch was sometimes installed behind the socket to allow manually switching the phone line between sockets in two locations within a building.
References
Telephone connectors
Fabio Conforto (13 August 1909 – 24 February 1954) was an Italian mathematician. Theirs contributed to the fields of algebraic geometry, projective geometry and analytic geometry.
References
External links
1909 births
1954 deaths
20th-century Italian mathematicians
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
Gonzalo Felipe Barriga Ahumada (born 21 June 1984) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Primera División club Unión La Calera as a midfielder. They were titled as engineer after attending DuocUC.
Club career
After ending their career of engineering at DuocUC, Barriga was discovered by the Dutchman Jorrit Smink (in that time Deportes Melipilla coach) and convinced them to play at homogeneous city-based team.
In January 2013, Barriga joined O'Higgins along their Unión Española teammate Braulio Leal.
On 10 December 2013, they won the 2013–14 Apertura with O'Higgins. During the tournament, they played in 17 matches and scored one goal in a win 2–1 against Deportes Antofagasta.
In 2014, they won the Supercopa de Chile against Deportes Iquique.
They participated with the club in the 2014 Copa Libertadores where they faced Deportivo Cali, Cerro Porteño and Lanús, being third and being eliminated in the group stage.
Honors
Club
O'Higgins
Primera División de Chile (1): 2013 Apertura
Supercopa de Chile (1): 2014
Individual
Medalla Santa Cruz de Triana: 2014
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Chilean footballers
Association football forwards
Unión Española footballers
O'Higgins F.C. footballers
Unión La Calera footballers
Deportes Melipilla footballers
Santiago Wanderers footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Footballers from Santiago
Anthony Di Lallo (born 14 September 1988) is a Belgian footballer who plays for Sporting Hasselt.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Belgian expatriate footballers
K.S.V. Roeselare players
MVV Maastricht players
Fortuna Sittard players
Royal Antwerp F.C. players
Association football forwards
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Eerste Divisie players
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
People from Huy
Footballers from Liège Province
Anantharam is a village in Penpahad Mandal in Suryapet district of Telangana State, India. It is located 20 km east of district headquarters, Suryapet.
Anantharam'spostal head office is Suryapet. Most of its people speak Telugu. There is one primary school and one secondary school. Most residents depend on agriculture for their income.
Anantharam village is very peaceful and covered with green fields all over. Festivals are celebrated widely irrespective of caste. The village president conducts games before Dasara where Kabaddi, cricket, chess, rangoli competitions are held and prizes are given on Dasara day.
Location
Anantharam is surrounded by Suryapet Mandal and Chivvemla Mandal towards the north, Nereducherla Mandal towards the south, Munagala Mandal towards the east.
Nearby cities
Suryapet, Miryalaguda, Kodad, Jaggaiahpet are nearby cities.
Schools
ZP High School
ZP Primary School
Auro Bindo Matha English medium school
References
External links
http://www.anantharamvillage.wordpress.com
https://www.facebook.com/anantharamvillage/
Villages in Suryapet district
Bheri Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising five districts, namely, Banke, Bardiya, Dailekh, Jajarkot and Surkhet. Here is district wise List of Monuments which are in the Bheri Zone.
Lists of monuments
List of monuments in Banke District
List of monuments in Bardiya District
List of monuments in Dailekh District
List of monuments in Jajarkot District
List of monuments in Surkhet District
References
Bheri Zone
Bheri Zone
Johannes Zollikofer (born 29 December 1633 in St. Gallen; died 23 April 1692 in Herisau) was a Swiss reformed vicar.
Life and work
Johannes Zollikofer studied in Zürich and Basel. At the age of twenty they were called as a German vicar to Geneva. They later continued their studies in Oxford and Cambridge. They worked as a deacon in St. Leonhard and St. Gallen, and later as a vicar und chamberlain in Herisau in Appenzell Ausserrhoden. They were author and translator of many books.
According to the Stemmatologia Sangallensis of Johann Jacob Scherrer (1653–1733) they were 1653–1692 vicar, 1653–1654 German Adjunkt in Geneva, 1655–1655 German assistant in Amsterdam, 1657–1692 Synodalis, 1657–1666 deacon in St. Leonhard, 1657–1692 Collega Disputat., 1657–1692 Collega music., 1660–1660 Bußner Coll. theol. I, 1665–1665 Bußner Coll. theol. II, 1666–1692 vicar in Herisau, (the 13th since the reformation), 1667–1692 Synodalis of Ausserrhoden, 1671–1692 Camerarius of Ausserrhoden and 1684–1692 Ordinari civil registry officer in Ausserrhoden.
Zollikofers sermon on The unholy fiends' miserable condition (Der unseligen Unholden elender Zustand), held on 5 May 1689 in Herisau and printed in the same year in St. Gallen, is based on the publication Magiologia - Christian warning regarding superstition and sorcery (Magiologia - Christliche Warnung für dem Aberglauben und der Zauberei) of Bartholomäus Anhorn the Younger, in which magical practices are criticised. Witch-hunts were conducted with reference to their sermon.
Their master piece A Newly Opened Treasury of Heavenly Incense, or Christian's Companion: Containing Instructions and Devotional Exercises, Applicable to All Persons and Circumstances in Life (Himmlischer Weyhrauch-Schatz) was published in 1691 and reprinted in high numbers over 150 years.
The inscription H. Johannes Zollikofer, Pfarrer in a bell of the church in Herisau, which was cast in 1679, reminds on this vicar.
Family
Johannes Zollikofer was a son of Georg Zollikofer (1591–1634) and Judith Schobinger. They married on 3 November 1657 Catharina Gonzenbach (1631–1672), a daughter of Heinrich Gonzenbach and Sabina Zwicker. They had with their one baby daughter in 1663, who died without being christened, and 1665 a daughter Judith.
In their second marriage they married on 11 June 1672 Susanna Zollikofer (1644–1685 in Herisau), a daughter of Niklaus Zollikofer and Benigna Zollikofer and had with their four children: Magdalena (1673–1700 in Amsterdam), Georg Niklaus (1676–1706 in Eastern India), Johannes (born 1681), who died as a baby, and another Johannes (born 1683).
In their third marriage they married on 15 June 1686 Elisabeth Zollikofer (1656–1694), daughter of David Zollikofer and Elisabeth Högger and had with their three children: David (born 1688), Elisabeth (1690–1694) and Gottlieb (1691).
References
External links
Katrin Moeller: Zollikofer, Johann in Historicum.net
Heidi Eisenhut: Eine Hexe sollst du nicht am Leben lassen. Abhandlung über Zollikofers Misera lamiarum sors, auf zeitzeugnisse.ch''
1633 births
1692 deaths
Swiss Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Systematic theologians
16th-century Swiss writers
People from St. Gallen (city)
State Route 371 (SR 371) was a two-lane south-to-north state highway in unincorporated Forsyth County in the north-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The highway connected SR 9 in the south to SR 20 in the north. SR 371 served as a connecting route for the residential neighborhoods between SR 9 and SR 20 to SR 400, the major north–south commuter route into and out of Atlanta. SR 371's path is known locally as Post Road.
Route description
SR 371 began at an intersection with SR 9 (Atlanta Highway) northeast of Milton and first traveled slightly to the northeast, then bent mostly north through the residential southwestern portion of Forsyth County, before reaching its northern terminus at SR 20 (Canton Highway) near the community of Ducktown. The area around the southern terminus of the highway features Alpharetta mailing addresses, with the majority of the route located in the 30040 ZIP code.
While the short highway has little statewide significance, it served as an important connector for local traffic in the area, as well as serving as a part of the commuter feeder route to SR 400. SR 371 is also utilized as a major school traffic connector for students of all ages, as both Vickery Creek Elementary School and Vickery Creek Middle School are located on the highway itself, and West Forsyth High School is just off the highway on Kelly Mill Road.
The Georgia Department of Transportation annual average daily traffic (AADT) numbers for the year 2011 show an average of 14,490 vehicles using the southern portion of the highway (between SR 9 and Kelly Mill Road) on a daily basis, with 97% of this traffic made up by personal vehicles.
History
SR 371 was originally a part of SR 141, which existed among several disconnected segments. The portion that became SR 371 was first designated in 1944, where SR 141 left its concurrency with US 19/SR 9 and traveled north to SR 20. From 1944, the route is shown as graded, but not yet surfaced. It was 1957 before the route, still signed as SR 141, is marked as having been finished with a hard surface. On June 8, 1971, the route was renumbered as SR 371. as part of a truncation of SR 141 to south/east of US 19. SR 369 was another disconnected segment of SR 141 and had been renumbered a year prior when the route was extended west to SR 20 in Cherokee County. In 2020, SR 371 was decommissioned in a mileage swap with nearby Bethelview Road, which became an extension of current SR 141 for some historical irony.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
371
Transportation in Forsyth County, Georgia
is a Japanese fantasy manga series written and illustrated by Sōsuke Tōka. It has been serialized online via Echoes' user-submitted Manga Hack website since May 2017 and has been collected in fourteen tankōbon volumes by Enterbrain. An anime television series adaptation by Wit Studio aired from October 2021 to March 2022 on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block.
Synopsis
The title of the series refers to a same-named system by which a committee, acting in absentia for a race of powerful magical beings known as 'Gods', ranks the power and prosperity of the mortal world's many kings. The king that is bequeathed the number one ranking is entitled to a boon from the ‘Divine Treasure Vault', a fabled stronghold brimming with untold riches and holy artifacts. While not all kings seek this power in earnest, the existence of the ranking and the ambitions of those who strive to sit atop it form the driving force of the narrative.
The story is about a little prince named Bojji who is deaf but above all naive, because despite many criticisms from their people about their accession to the throne, they do their best and dreams of becoming the greatest of kings. One day, they meet Kage (Shadow), a survivor of a wiped-out assassin clan, who understands their words despite Bojji being unable to speak due to their disability. The story follows the pair as they navigate the world and all of its adventures and darkness.
The inciting incident of the series' first arc is the death of Bojji's father, King Bosse, a legendary giant warrior who, in their prime, was widely renowned as the strongest man in the world. While Bojji's right to succession is affirmed by Bosse on their deathbed, there are those among the royal court that believe that Bojji's physical shortcomings make them unfit to rule and that their arrogant (but physically capable) younger half-brother, Prince Daida, is more suited for ascension. Chief among these dissenters is Bosse's widow and Daida's mother, Queen Hilling, who calls for a vote to circumvent Bosse's will and forgo Bojji's right to succession. The vote is passed and Daida is placed upon the throne.
Having been denied their birthright, Bojji requests they be allowed to undertake a journey so that they may gain experience and grow stronger. Hilling, who once had great affection for Bojji and regarded them as their own son, begrudgingly acquiesces. Unbeknownst to both of them, Daida, under the influence of an enigmatic figure, has set in motion a sinister plot to consolidate their power and achieve the position of number one in the Ranking of Kings.
Characters
The main protagonist of the story and the first prince of the Kingdom of Bosse. Born deaf and tiny in size, they were ridiculed and scorned openly by many within the palace and kingdom. Despite their disability, Bojji dreams of becoming a strong king like their father and always tries to maintain a smile in front of others.  They are known for their kindness (which has earned them many unexpected allies), diligence, and intuition, which allows them to read lips and know what people are saying. They also possess extreme agility and dodging ability unconventional for kings that tend to rely on strength, and like all members of their race is impervious to poison. Following Daida's coronation, they and Kage set off on a journey. Their name is a wordplay on the Japanese word "bocchi" which means someone that does not have any friends.
A last surviving member of the shadow clan and Bojji's companion. Born to a clan of assassins, Kage was a young child when they witnessed their entire family murdered by the kingdom they served. They subsequently escaped and was exploited by a thug, who eventually sold them out for their ransom. Tempered by the rough way of the world, Kage then grew up using their clan's abilities to make a living off thieving. They eventually meet Bojji and is touched by their kindness and their situation, pledging to be their faithful friend.  They are tasked by Bebin to follow and protect Bojji on their journey. "Kage" in Japanese means "shadow".
Bojji's younger half-brother, the birth son of Queen Hiling and the current king. Like Bojji, they are hardworking and resilient, but possesses a streak of pride and arrogance in their strength that seems to take after their father. Deep down, they are secretly jealous of their brother, who they believe was able to get everyone's love and the position of king without any effort. In the time leading up to their coronation, Daida is manipulated by a Magic Mirror and is forcibly made the vessel for Bosse's reincarnation.
The queen, Daida's mother, and Bojji's stepmother. They used to be more doting and affectionate to Bojji, but following Daida's birth, adopted a stricter and more practical-minded personality regarding royal affairs, ultimately deeming Bojji unfit for rule. Despite being highly critical of Bojji, they treasure them just as much as their birth son, often spending much energy to heal any injuries they sustain. They allow Bojji to go on their journey with Domas and Hokuro, setting their destination to be their parents' home. Them name is from the English word "Healing"
The greatest swordsmaster in the Kingdom of Bosse, whose sword style reflects King Bosse's strength. They were assigned to be Bojji's tutor and while they treasure the prince very dearly, decided that they would never have power equivalent to their father and gave up on him. In an attempt to reaffirm their loyalty to a single lord, they pledge allegiance to Daida and attempts to assassinate Bojji by pushing them into the Hole of the Underworld. Overcome with regret, they cut off their right hand later and rescues Hokuro from execution, intending to train them to become stronger.
Daida's teacher who cares very deeply for their lord and has helped keep the Magic Mirror's deadly influence at bay. They wield a curved dagger, shuriken and is a snake tamer. Under Daida's orders, they tried to assassinate Apeas but was supposedly killed by the latter and sank through the ground, leaving their whereabouts unknown. They send Kage to accompany Bojji and help them get stronger.
An expressionless commander dubbed "Spear of the King" who is heavily loyal to King Bosse. Once a cowardly man, they trained with monsters under the supervision of Miranjo and earned their current title. They worked with the Magic Mirror to transfer Bosse's consciousness to Daida's body.
A large man dubbed "Shield of the Queen" who guards Hiling. They originally served King Bosse as 'King's Spear', but was later reassigned to guard the new queen, Hiling. Initially, they were upset by the decision but later was given the opportunity to decide whether or not Hiling was worth their protection, answering in the affirmative.
A low-ranking knight who deeply cares for Bojji after the latter comforted them upon their mother's death. They were ordered to accompany Bojji on their journey and look after their personal care, being the only knight that knew sign language. After Domas' betrayal, their pride as a knight and loyalty to Bojji compel them to return to the kingdom, risking their lives to inform Hiling of the news.  They are rescued by Domas just before their execution and undergoes training to become stronger.
The former king and father of Bojji and Daida. They were a giant who yearned to be the strongest man in the world and made a deal with a demon, choosing to steal power from their very own son. Feeling remorseful later, Bosse chose to become king and establish a country to ensure Bojji had everything they ever wanted in life.  They are subsequently reincarnated in Daida's body. Their name is from the English word "Boss".
Bosse's first wife and subsequent First Queen of the Bosse Kingdom, and Bojji's birth mother. They were executed by Miranjo when Bojji was young.
A mysterious mirror who advises Daida on their actions. Sealed within is actually the spirit of a woman named Miranjo, whose body is encased in ice within the palace's basement alongside various other deadly monsters. Miranjo has two masked guards who serve them and was previously involved in Apeas' training to become a high-ranking official. They describe themselves as "someone who shared the joys and sorrows of [King Bosse]", later creating an elixir for Daida to become a vessel for reincarnation.
The king of the Underworld and commander of the Order of the Underworld – the most powerful legion of soldiers that slaughter demons and prevent them from wrecking havoc. They have a complex about their face and wide mouth and dislikes their younger brother Despa due to their good looks. However, it does not stop both of them working together in some situations.
The younger brother of Desha and Despa and former commander of the Order of the Underworld. They once are a kind-hearted prince who swore to found an order of knights that shared their values. They also hold the title of 'Sword King of The Underworld' due to their master skills in swordsmanship. After unwillingly receiving true immortality, an ability that also slowly consumed their humanity, they became a remorseless monster that inflicts pain on theirs victims.
Due to their madness, both of their brothers have no choice other than to imprison them in the Underworld, where they remained until freed by Miranjo to conquer the Bosse Kingdom.
The middle brother of the king of the Underworld and Ōken. Unlike their older brother, Despa is much weaker, vainer and money-minded. They take Bojji and Kage into their care and promises to train Bojji up to become stronger (for a price).
Media
Manga
Ranking of Kings is written and illustrated by Sōsuke Tōka. It has been serialized online via Echoes' user-submitted Manga Hack website since May 2017 and has been collected in fourteen tankōbon volumes by Enterbrain as of August 12, 2022. The series is published in English digitally by BookLive on BookWalker.
Anime
The anime television series adaptation is produced by Wit Studio and aired from October 15, 2021, to March 25, 2022, on Fuji TV's Noitamina block. The series is directed by Yōsuke Hatta, with Taku Kishimoto supervising the series' scripts, Atsuko Nozaki designing the characters, and MAYUKO composing the series' music. King Gnu performed the first opening theme "BOY", while Yama performed the first ending theme "Oz." Vaundy performed the second opening theme "Hadaka no Yūsha" (Naked Hero), while Milet performed the second ending theme "Flare". Funimation licensed the series for streaming outside of Asia. Medialink licensed the series in Southeast Asia and will stream it exclusively on iQIYI. The Tokyo Federation for the Deaf supervises the sign language depicted in the show. Funimation announced an English dub version of the show.
In August 2022, it was announced that a special episode, titled Ōsama Ranking: Yūki no Takarabako, is set to premiere in 2023. The cast and staff from the anime series will return for the episode, which will feature a story that was not in the original series.
Episode list
Reception
Manga
Ranking of Kings ranked at the 6th place on the Tsutaya Comic Awards 2019. It ranked 5th on Manga Shimbun Taishō 2019. The 2020 edition of Takarajimasha's Kono Manga ga Sugoi!, which surveys professionals in the manga and publishing industry, named Ranking of Kings the seventh best manga series for male readers. Bojji and Kage were nominated in the Best lead male actor and Best supporting male actor respectively, in the Magademy Award 2022. As of December 2021, the manga had 1.5 million copies in circulation.
Anime
In China, the anime received acclaim from viewers for its heartwarming story. The show received nearly 48 million views on Bilibili with only 4 episodes available.
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
2021 anime television series debuts
Anime series based on manga
Aniplex
Comedy anime and manga
Coming-of-age anime and manga
Enterbrain manga
Fantasy anime and manga
Fiction about curses
Fiction about giants
Funimation
Japanese webcomics
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Literature about deaf people
Medialink
Noitamina
Shōnen manga
Television shows about deaf people
Webcomics in print
Wit Studio
BNS Bangabandhu () is a guided missile frigate of the Bangladesh Navy, and is one of the most modern currently in service.  They are currently based at Chattogram, serving with the Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla (COMBAN).  They are currently the only frigate of the Bangladesh Navy armed with ASW torpedo and gun based CIWS.
Armament
This vessel has the Otomat Mk 2 Block IV anti-ship missiles on board the vessel which has a range of .
In April 2018, Bangladesh Navy issued a tender for replacing two 40 mm Fast Forty guns on board the ship with new 40 mm twin-barrel gun system.
Career
Bangabandhu was named after Bangladesh's founding father, Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, who is popularly called Bangabandhu (Friend of Bengal). The ship was ordered in March 1998. They were laid down on 12 May 1999 at Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, Republic of Korea. They were launched on 29 August 2000, and commissioned on 20 June 2001.
In 2007 they were recommissioned again under a new name, as BNS Khalid Bin Walid. Later on in 2009 they were renamed BNS Bangabandhu.
The ship participated in Exercise Ferocious Falcon, a multinational crisis management exercise, held at Doha, Qatar in November 2012. While transiting to the exercise, the frigate visited the port of Kochi, India. The ship took part in Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training(CARAT), an annual bilateral exercise with United States Navy, from 2011 to 2015.
On 29 August 2013, the ship received the National Standard.
In 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, a 777-200ER, went missing while in flight. Due to the possibility of finding the wreckage in the Bay of Bengal, Bangabandhu, along with the frigate , joined the search operation in the region.
On 31 May 2016, they started for Colombo, Sri Lanka with 150 tonnes of relief for the victims of the floods and landslides caused by Cyclone Roanu. The relief included drugs, water purifying machines, pure drinking water, tents, food items and generators. They also joined the rescue efforts there.
The ship left for Qatar on 22 February 2018 to take part in 6th Doha International Maritime Exhibition and Conference (DIMDEX-2018) to be held from 12 to 14 March 2018. They paid goodwill visits to Mumbai port, in India, from 2 to 5 March 2018 and to Colombo port in Sri Lanka from 22 to 25 March 2018. On 29 March 2018, they returned to their homeport, Chattogram.
See also
List of active ships of the Bangladesh Navy
References and notes
External links
Photo from Google Earth
Ships built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
Frigates of the Bangladesh Navy
Ulsan-class frigates of the Bangladesh Navy
2000 ships
Memorials to Sheikh Mujibur Rahman
Ships of the Bangladesh Navy
Liquiritigenin is a flavanone that was isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, and is found in a variety of plants, including Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice). It is an estrogenic compound which acts as a selective agonist of the ERβ subtype of the estrogen receptor (ER), though it is also reported acting as an ERα partial agonist at sufficient concentrations. It also has a choleretic effect.
Liquiritigenin,NADPH:oxygen oxidoreductase (hydroxylating, aryl migration) is an enzyme that uses liquiritigenin, O2, NADPH and H+ to produce 2,7,4'-trihydroxyisoflavanone, H2O, and NADP+.
See also
Menerba
Prinaberel (ERB-041)
Diarylpropionitrile (DPN)
WAY-200070
PHTPP
(R,R)-Tetrahydrochrysene ((R,R)-THC)
Propylpyrazoletriol (PPT)
Methylpiperidinopyrazole (MPP)
References
Aromatase inhibitors
Phytoestrogens
Flavanones
Selective ERβ agonists
As a nickname, Money may refer to:
Money Hunter (born 1995), American football player
Money Johnson (1918–1978), American jazz trumpeter
Money Mark (born 1960), American producer and musician, best known for collaborations with the Beastie Boys
Floyd Mayweather Jr. (born 1977), American professional boxer and promoter
Bill Monroe (1900s infielder) (c. 1877–1915), an African-American baseball player in the Negro leagues
Jeff Wilkins (born 1972), a former National Football League placekicker
See also
Lists of people by nickname
Miroslav Stanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав Станић; born 11 December 1993) is a Serbian football midfielder who most recently played for Pobeda.
Career
FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
They made their professional debut for FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda against FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce on 13 September 2014.
References
External links
Futbalnet profile
Eurofotbal profile
1993 births
Living people
Serbian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda players
Slovak Super Liga players
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Sportspeople from Smederevo
The Bangabandhu Satellite-1 (Bangabandhu-1) is the first Bangladeshi geostationary communications and broadcasting satellite. It is named after the father of the nation, Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. It was manufactured by Thales Alenia Space and launched on 12 May 2018. The satellite was the first payload launched by a SpaceX Falcon 9 Block 5 launch vehicle.
Background
The project is being implemented by Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission (BTRC) working hand-in-hand with US-based Space Partnership International, LLC. The government-owned Bangladesh Satellite Company Limited, BSCL (Formerly known as Bangladesh Communication Satellite Company Limited, BCSCL) was formed with the aim of operating the satellite.
The satellite will expand Ku-band coverage over all of Bangladesh and its nearby waters including the Bay of Bengal, Nepal, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, the Philippines, eastern Indian states (West Bengal, Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Tripura, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh) and Indonesia. This is coupled with C-band coverage for all asupervisorstioned areas.
Bangabandhu-1 was initially planned to be launched on an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA rocket on 16 December 2017 to celebrate the Victory day of Bangladesh. Following the lack of firm guarantee from Arianespace for that date, BTRC instead chose the Falcon 9 launch vehicle. The satellite is expected to be located at the 119.1° East longitude geostationary slot.
Construction
Bangabandhu-1 was designed and manufactured by Thales Alenia Space. The total cost of the satellite was projected to be 248 million US dollars in 2015 (Tk 19.51 billion), financed via a $188.7 million loan from HSBC Holdings plc. The satellite carries a total of 40 Ku-band and C-band transponders with a capacity of 1600 megahertz and a predicted life span to exceed 15 years.
Map of satellite's position
Launch
Bangabandhu Satellite-1 was launched at 20:14 UTC on 12 May 2018, on a SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle at the Kennedy Space Center, USA. It was the first payload to be launched using the new SpaceX Block 5 model of the rocket.
Aborted launch
The satellite was originally planned to launch 10 May 2018. However the rocket carrying the payload triggered an automatic abort as it entered internal power and control at T-58 seconds. The rocket launch was pushed back 24 hours, and it was finally launched on 11 May 2018.
Operation
The satellite uses ground control stations built by Thales Alenia Space with its partner Spectra primary ground station in Gazipur. Secondary ground station is at Betbunia, Rangamati The first test signal after launch was received by the operators on 12 May 2018.
See also
List of radio stations in Bangladesh
Mass media in Bangladesh
Telecommunications in Bangladesh
References
External links
Bangabandhu-1 (BD-1) Communication Satellite - Aerospace-technology.com
A short documentary on Bangabandhu Satellite-1
Mission details
Benefits of Bangabandhu Satellite 1
Bangabandhu Satellite-1 launch Video
2018 in Bangladesh
Spacecraft launched in 2018
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites of Bangladesh
SpaceX commercial payloads
Memorials to Sheikh Mujibur Rahman
Telecommunications in Bangladesh
Satellites using the Spacebus bus
The Bremen class was a group of seven light cruisers built for the Imperial German Navy in the early 1900s. The seven ships, , , , , , , and , were an improvement upon the previous . They were significantly larger than the earlier class, and were faster and better armored. Like the Gazelles, they were armed with a main battery of ten 10.5 cm SK L/40 guns and a pair of torpedo tubes.
The ships of the Bremen class served in a variety of roles, from overseas cruiser to fleet scout to training ship. Bremen and Leipzig were deployed to the American and Asian stations, respectively, while the other five ships remained in German waters with the High Seas Fleet. At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, Leipzig was in the Pacific Ocean in the East Asia Squadron; they saw action at the Battle of Coronel in November and was sunk a month later at the Battle of the Falkland Islands. Bremen was sunk by a Russian mine in December 1915, but the other five ships of the class survived the war.
Three of the surviving ships, Lübeck, München, and Danzig, were seized by Britain as war prizes after the end of the war and sold for scrapping. The other two ships, Hamburg and Berlin, were used as training cruisers through the 1920s. They were converted into barracks ships in the mid-1930s, a role they filled for a decade; in 1944, Hamburg was sunk by British bombers and later broken up for scrap, while Berlin was scuttled in deep water after the end of World War II to dispose of a load of chemical weapons.
Design
The 1898 Naval Law authorized the construction of thirty new light cruisers by 1904, with two cruisers to be built per year; an amendment passed in 1900 increased that number to three per annum. By this time, Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz had become the head of the (RMA—Imperial Naval Office), and they favored a strategy of concentrating the German fleet in home waters, rather than dispersing numerous vessels on foreign stations.
The s filled the requirements for the first ten vessels projected by the 1898 Naval Law. The design for the Bremen class was an incremental improvement over the Gazelle class, the improvements chiefly being in size and speed. To accommodate the more powerful propulsion system, a third funnel was added. The armor deck was also thickened significantly. The German Navy had begun experimenting with steam turbines aboard small vessels in 1901. Toward the end of the year, Tirpitz instructed the construction department to study the possibility of fitting one of the new cruisers with turbines, since they promised to provide greater power for the same weight. In addition, the quality of turbine engines could be compared with otherwise identical vessels that were fitted with triple-expansion steam engines. Kaiser Wilhelm II approved the decision to equip the fourth member of the new class, , with the new engines on 20 January 1903.
The Bremen class marked a change in German cruiser naming conventions; Kaiser Wilhelm II authorized the use of city names for the new ships, three of which were major ports from the old Hanseatic League, along with Danzig, two major cities in Bavaria and Saxony, along with the German capital. The Bremen class was followed by the , which was very similar to the Bremens, including the same armament. And like the Bremens, one ship of the class, , was equipped with turbines while the others retained triple-expansion machinery.
General characteristics
The Bremen-class ships were long at the waterline and long overall. They had a beam of and a draft of forward. They displaced as designed and between at full load. The ships' hulls had flush decks and a pronounced ram bow. They were constructed with transverse and longitudinal steel frames, and incorporated twelve watertight compartments. The hulls also had a double bottom that ran for 56 percent of the length of the hull.
All seven ships were good sea boats, but they were crank and rolled up to twenty degrees. They were also very wet at high speeds and suffered from a slight weather helm. Nevertheless, the ships turned tightly and were very maneuverable. In a hard turn, their speed fell up to 35 percent. They had a transverse metacentric height of . The ships had a standard crew of fourteen officers and between 274 and 287 enlisted men, though later in their careers, these figures increased to 19 and 330, respectively. The Bremen-class ships carried a number of smaller boats, including one picket boat, one pinnace, two cutters, two yawls, and one dinghy.
Machinery
With the exception of Lübeck, the ships' propulsion system consisted of two triple-expansion steam engines, which drove a pair of screw propellers. Lübeck was instead fitted with a pair of Parsons steam turbines manufactured by Brown, Boveri & Co. that drove four screws. All seven ships were fitted with ten coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers, which were trunked into three funnels amidships. Bremen and Hamburg had three generators that produced a total output of 111 kilowatts at 110 volts; the rest of the ships had two generators rated at 90 kilowatts at the same voltage.
The triple-expansion engines were designed to give for a top speed of , while Lübecks turbines were rated at and a maximum speed of , though all seven ships exceeded these speeds on trials. The ships carried up to of coal, which gave the first three ships a range of at ; Lübecks less efficient turbine engines cut their cruising radius to , while the last three ships of the class had a longer range, at .
Armament and armor
The ships of the class were armed with ten SK L/40 guns in single mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, six were located amidships, three on either side, and two were placed side by side aft. The guns could engage targets out to . For defense against torpedo boats, they were armed with ten Maxim guns. They were supplied with 1,500 rounds of ammunition, for 150 shells per gun. All seven ships were also equipped with two torpedo tubes with five torpedoes. These tubes were submerged in the hull on the broadside.
Later in their careers, Bremen and Lübeck had two 15 cm SK L/45 guns installed in place of the two forward and two rear 10.5 cm guns. They retained the six broadside 10.5 cm guns. Lübeck later had a pair of torpedo tubes installed in deck mounts, with four torpedoes.
Armor protection for the members of the class consisted of two layers of steel with one layer of Krupp armor. The ships were protected by an armored deck that was up to thick. Sloped armor thick gave some measure of vertical protection, coupled with the coal bunkers. The conning tower had thick sides and a thick roof. The ships' guns were protected by 50 mm thick gun shields.
Construction
Service history
The ships of the Bremen class served in a variety of roles throughout their careers. Bremen and Leipzig served abroad from 1905 to 1914; the former returned to Germany shortly before the outbreak of World War I, and the latter remained with the East Asia Squadron. Hamburg, Berlin, Lübeck, and Danzig served in the reconnaissance forces of the High Seas Fleet after they entered service. München meanwhile was used as a torpedo test ship during their pre-war service. All seven of the ships saw action during the First World War, though only Bremen and Leipzig were lost during the conflict.
Danzig was present during the Battle of Heligoland Bight in August 1914, but did not directly engage the British ships. They did, however, rescue survivors from the sinking cruiser . Hamburg was present for the raid on Scarborough, Hartlepool and Whitby in December 1914, where they briefly encountered—but did not engage—British light forces. Only one ship, München, saw action at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May and 1 June 1916, where they were hit by five medium-caliber shells and moderately damaged. Three of the ships, Bremen, Lübeck, and Danzig, saw action against Imperial Russian forces in the Baltic Sea during the war, including during the assault on Libau and the Battle of the Gulf of Riga in 1915 and during Operation Albion in 1917. Bremen struck Russian mines in December 1915 and sank with the majority of their crew going down with them Leipzig, still overseas at the start of the war, saw action at the Battles of Coronel and Falkland Islands in late 1914. At the former, they engaged the British cruiser , and at the latter, was sunk by Glasgow and .
Berlin was withdrawn from service in 1916 and disarmed. München was badly damaged by a British mine in October 1916, and thereafter decommissioned for use as a barracks ship. Hamburg was also used as barracks ship later in the war, and Lübeck became a training ship in 1917. Danzig was the last ship to leave active service, in late 1917. Of the five surviving ships, Berlin and Hamburg were retained by the newly reorganized Reichsmarine as training ships. The remaining three, Lübeck, München, and Danzig, were surrendered as war prizes to the United Kingdom, which sold them for scrapping in the early 1920s. Hamburg and Berlin soldiered on as training cruisers into the late 1920s and early 1930s; by the mid-1930s, they had again been converted into floating barracks. Hamburg was sunk by British bombers in 1944, and later raised and broken up for scrap in 1949. Berlin survived World War II and was loaded with chemical weapons and scuttled in the Skaggerak after the war to dispose of the munitions.
Notes
References
Further reading
Cruiser classes
World War I cruisers of Germany
Siddhantasara (; ) is a 1889 Gujarati book on the history of philosophy by Indian writer and philosopher Manilal Dwivedi. It is a historical critique of the world's religious philosophies. The book deals with the evolution of religious sentiment and attempts to establish the superiority of the Advaita philosophy over other religious philosophies.
Siddhantasara received positive reviews and became a landmark in the history of Gujarati literature but was also criticised because of the logical lapses and inconsistencies in the author's arguments. Manishankar Bhatt (known as Kavi Kant) published their review as a book titled Siddhantasaranu Avalokan (Analysis of Siddhantasara). Siddhantasara is considered by critics to be Manilal's most important work, and has been seen as a response to the cultural agenda and reform activities of colonial India at the time.
Background
In 1888, Manilal had planned to write two books in Gujarati. The first of these was a book expounding on practical expressions of Hindu philosophy. The second was a detailed treatise on the theoretical aspects of Advaita philosophy, in the context of a comparative study of Hinduism on the one hand and all other religions of the world on the other. On 9 September that year they finished writing the first book, called Pranavinimaya, and it was published in December. Pranavinimaya was based on mesmerism. On 5 October, Manilal began writing the second book, Siddhantasara. Progress was interrupted by illness, but the book was completed in March 1889 and published from Bombay in June 1889. The book had a subtitle Sarvamanya Ekdharmana Tatva Suchavvano Prayatna (Towards a Philosophy of Universal Religion).
In the preface to Siddhantasara, Manilal clarifies their aim in writing the book:
On the title page, Manilal described the work as "an outline of the history of thought in India terminating with an attempt to point out the basis of a universal religion". Manilal explained that their "attempt [was] to search for truth, which is not bound by any sectarian or ideological considerations", and suggested that this search for truth would be conditioned by their own beliefs.
Contents
The book is divided into eleven chapters. Chapter One discusses religious ideas, and emphasizes the need for a standard religion acceptable to all. The final chapter presents a comparison of Indian and Western ideas on religion, and describes in detail the claim of the Aryan religion, based on Advaita philosophy, as the most acceptable religious philosophy. The intervening chapters present a history of Indian religious-philosophical traditions, including detailed discussion of the Vedas, the Upanishads, the Sutras, the Smritis, the Six Systems of Hindu philosophy, Buddhism, Jainism, Charvaka philosophy, the Puranas, and the Tantras.
In the first chapter, Manilal rejects the idea of the Genesis creation narrative as told in the Old Testament, and argues that the universe is eternal; that is, with neither beginning nor end. Manilal claims that the Vedas are the source of all religious ideas, wherein lies the origin of a universal religion. They claim that the Vedas were "divinely inspired" texts, and that they are therefore eternal. They attempt a logical explanation of the ritual practices described in the Vedas, their emphasis on Karma Marga, and their ideas of multiple gods and goddesses and of idol worship.
Manilal's theological conclusions are that Āryāvarta (ancient India) is the source of all religions; that Advaita Vedanta is the original and universal religion, with other religions as its mere derivatives; and that Advaita Vedanta is the supreme religion, in which lies moksha (emancipation).
Methodology
Manilal seeks to demonstrate that, in their original form, all religions contain aspects of Advaita philosophy at their core. To this end, they present the history of the world's religions and explores the characteristics of each. They attempt to explain the significance of old customs, and to prove that the myths and exaggerations of the Puranas are purposeful. In reply to Max Müller's criticism of the Puranas, they present a detailed interpretation of the dashavatara of Vishnu (the ten incarnations of the Hindu god Vishnu) in the Puranas, rejecting Darwin's theory of evolution. As a metaphorical explanation of the relationship between the Vedas, the Puranas and the Upanishads, they write: "The Vedas are the box of history of philosophical thoughts; the Upanishads are the key to open it to obtain the contents, and the Puranas are the lamps enabling us to see those contents fully."
Dhirubhai Thaker, Manilal's biographer, characterised Manilal's method as beginning with logical reasoning, which is then abandoned as the discussion proceeds in favor of an abrupt statement of personal conviction presented as self-evident. They write that "there is a force of conviction in [Manilal's] style which is so vigorous that an average reader is not able to detect the gimmick, but it hardly escapes the notice of a critical reader".
Reception and criticism
Siddhantasara is considered Manilal's most important work. With its publication, Manilal was recognised as one of the major philosophical and religious thinkers of their time. The work also generated prolonged controversy among intellectuals over the logical lapses and inconsistencies in the author's arguments. Most critics contend that, in their over-enthusiasm to prove a thesis, Manilal takes certain facts as self-evident, twists them to suit their purpose, presents evidence from obscure sources or, in the absence of evidence, resorts to sophistry.
The historian wrote: "This work was the outcome of Manilal's long and thoughtful study of the fundamental principles of Sanatan Hindu Dharma and they placed them in their proper historical context". Thaker sees the publication of Siddhantasara as an event in Gujarat, saying that it corrected the impression among the educated class that the Puranas were merely fanciful stories. The cultural historian Tridip Suhrud sees Siddhantasara as an "interesting response to both the colonial cultural agenda and the reform movements".
Kant's critique
Gujarati poet Manishankar Bhatt (known as Kavi Kant) reviewed Siddhantasar at length. Their chapter-by-chapter comments were published in Jnanasudha, a journal edited by Ramanbhai Neelkanth, from 1894 to 1896. They were written in the form of love-letters addressed by Kant to their imaginary beloved, Kanta. Through these letters, Kant exposed Manilal's verbal and logical gimmicks in a light, ironic style. Manilal responded to Kant's comments in their own monthly literary magazine, Sudarashan.
In June 1895, Kant met Manilal for the first time, by chance, at the residence of a common friend in Baroda. As Thaker notes, on that occasion Kant was influenced by Manilal's personality and philosophy. After this meeting, Kant's views underwent change. They ceased criticizing Manilal, and expressed admiration for them in their letters. In one letter, they wrote of Manilal's view of the Puranas:
Their method of treatment is correct. They have been able to establish that the writers of the Puranas were, to large extent, conversant with the Vedas and the Upanishads, and that their objective was not to create superstition in the mind of the people, but to teach them truth of religion in a simple popular form.
In the final installment of their letters, which appeared in August–September issue of Jnanasudha, Kant wrote: "I respectfully welcome this work of Manilal despite several contradictions, much one-sided reasoning and similar other faults ... Speaking for myself, I look upon them as my guru for attracting my attention to several praiseworthy traits of our ancient religion". Kant's critique of the Siddhantasara was later published as a book entitled Siddhantasaranu Avalokan (Analysis of Siddhantasara).
Notes
Citations
Sources
Further reading
External links
1889 non-fiction books
Analytic philosophy literature
Gujarati-language books
History books about philosophy
Works by Manilal Dwivedi
Quoygrew, Westray is the site of a medieval Norse settlement on the island of Westray in Orkney, Scotland. Established as a small farmstead most likely between 900 and 1000 AD, and later expanded in 1200, Quoygrew includes the remains of medieval and post-medieval buildings that range in date from the 10th to the 16th centuries. The farmstead has been in continuously occupied until the early 20th century. Historic Environment Scotland established the site as a scheduled monument in 2014.
Description
The ruins of the medieval settlement, also known as Nether Trenabie in the 19th century, are located on the island of Westray, in Orkney, Scotland. The settlement can be seen as two low mounds, one near the shoreline, and the other inland and to the east of the first mound. Historic Environment Scotland established the site as a scheduled monument in 2014.
The monument comprises a area, and includes the remains of late Viking Age and medieval era dwellings, middens, and the remnants of a medieval soil system.
The settlement began as a small Norse farm settlement between 900 and 1000 AD. Archaeological excavations have determined that the earliest dwelling was built of turf and stone between 1000 and 1200 AD. A larger building was constructed in stone around 1200 AD on top of the earlier building. The stone building, consisted of four rooms, and was remodeled and expanded in nine different stages. The building was dismantled in 1700.
Middens excavated at the site include a fish midden found near the shoreline and a farm midden discovered inland. The coastal midden was composed of peat ash, shell and fish bone and has been dated from the 10th to the 12th centuries. A cellar with a flagstone floor and stone-lined drain, dating to the 13th century, was found to be dug into the midden. The farm midden was found beneath a 19th-century croft which was abandoned in the 1930s. It consisted of a top layer of garden soil and separate layers of fish bone, shell, and mammal bone, including the skulls of cattle and horse bone. The radiocarbon dating of fragmentary bone date the midden from 1004 to 1262 AD. Pottery sherds, antler pins and antler combs were also found in both middens.
See also
Scotland in the Early Middle Ages
Scandinavian Scotland
The Norse settlement at Jarlshof, Shetland Islands
References
Historic Scotland properties in Orkney
Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Orkney
Rabbi Dr Arnost Zvi Ehrman (1914–1976) is best known for their work as editor of the Talmud El Am (cf below). In addition, their contribution on Jewish law is evident in a number of learned articles and conference papers on the subject. Professor Bernard Jackson wrote of "the debt that modern scholarship in Jewish law owes him" (The Jewish Law Annual 3, 1980).
Biography
Born in Czechoslovakia in 1914, Ehrman studied at the Yeshiva in Kleinwardein (Hungarian: Kisvárda; Yiddish: קליינווארדיין) and, in 1932, went to live in Switzerland, where they stayed until the end of World War II. They first studied in the Yeshiva at Baden and then at the University of Bern, where they obtained degrees in Political Science and Law (Rer.Pol. and Dr Jur.). See History of the Jews in Switzerland#Modern Switzerland. After the war, Ehrman went to England and obtained the Rabbinical semicha (ordination) from Jews' College, London, in 1947. Moving to Israel, they became a member of the Israeli Bar.
Ehrman served as Rabbi in the communities of Nairobi, Kenya and Bristol, England in the 1950s and in Streatham, London and in Watford in the 1970s. In between, they lived in Israel with their family, working first for the Ministry of Religious Affairs, then as a Research Fellow at the Institute for Research in Jewish Law, indexing the responsa of the Rosh; from 1965, they worked on their edition of the Talmud El Am. They also contributed numerous articles to the Encyclopaedia Judaica. Rabbi Dr Ehrman died in England in 1976.
The Talmud El Am
In the 1960s the Talmud was seen as "a sealed book to the majority of the Jewish People", wrote Rabbi Dr Ehrman. They went on to say that the object of this new edition was "to open this sealed volume and to offer it to every Jewish home in a language and in a manner understandable to all; and also to enable one who is not a Jew to acquaint themselves with the treasures of Judaism contained in it". At the time, making the Talmud available to English speakers in this way was trailblazing. It was decades before similar ventures were realised (for example by the Steinsaltz and Schottenstein editions).
The Talmud El Am prints the original text, punctuated, alongside Ehrman's translation. Below the text is their Commentary, which explains the text and the (mainly) Biblical references within it; Ehrman's text incorporates traditional Talmud Commentaries as well as contemporary scholarship. The Commentary is written as a continuous text, so that anyone unfamiliar with the Talmud may be able to learn. The margins carry articles on points of special interest raised by the text. These 'Realia' are written by contemporary authorities on subjects such as specific customs, philology, law, flora and fauna, often accompanied by illustrations. Notes on the Tannaim and Amoraim are also given here, as and when these Sages figure in the text.
The Talmud El Am edition contains Tractate Berakhot, chapters from Bava Metzia (Hammaphqid and Hazzahav), and the halachic section of the opening chapter of Kiddushin (29 Talmudic pages). Hazzahav adds the Jerusalem Talmud – edited by Rabbi Professor Daniel Sperber - at the end of the Babylonian text. The end of Berakhot is the work of Rabbi Dr Alexander Carlebach, who took over the editorship towards the end of Rabbi Dr Ehrman's life.
Bibliography
Uber das Wesen und die Wirkungen der Zollunion, insbesonders uber de Frage in wieweit die Staatssouveranitat durch die Zollunion beeintrachtigt wird. (Doctoral thesis). W.Friedli, Bern 1942
Der Handschlag. Eine kleine Talmudisch-rechtliche Studie. W.Friedfli Bern 1945
'The Talmudic Concept of Sale', Journal of Jewish Studies, VIII/3-4, 1957
'Christian Interest in Rabbinics: John Selden (1584–1654)', Christian News From Israel,13/1. 1962
'Gentile Interest in Jewish Law: A Chapter from Selden's "De Successionibus", Christian News from Israel, 13/3-4, 1962
'Antichresis in the Talmud' (Hebrew with English summary), Sinai, 54/4-5, 1964
'The Order of Succession in Jewish Law – Selden against Origen' (Hebrew), Papers of the Fourth World Congress of Jewish Studies, vol.1, Jerusalem 1967
'Consideration in Jewish Law and English Law' (Hebrew), Papers of the Fifth World Congress of Jewish Studies, vol. III Jerusalem, 1972
'Praetium justum and laesio enormis in Roman and Jewish sources', The Jewish Law Annual, 3, 1980
'Fidei laesio in Jewish Law', paper delivered at the Sixth World Congress of Jewish Studies, Jerusalem 1973
Editor of Talmud El Am (cf separate entry above), Jerusalem-Tel Aviv, 1965–1976
Articles in Encyclopaedia Judaica: Antichresis, Asmakhta, Berakhoth, Conditions, Eduyoth, Kerithoth, Kinnim, Kethuboth, Horayoth, Kiddushin, Me'ila, Middoth, Menachoth, Megillah, Mo'ed Katan, Pesachim, Sanhedrin, Rosh Hashanah, Shekalim, Shabbath, Shevu'oth, Shevi'ith, Sotah, Temurah, Tamid.
1914 births
1976 deaths
Czech Orthodox rabbis
Czechoslovak rabbis
Talmud translators
Jewish translators
20th-century translators
The yellow-crested tanager (Loriotus rufiventer) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the western Amazon Basin (Peru, Acre and northwestern Bolivia).
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
yellow-crested tanager
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
yellow-crested tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Suvi Ollikainen (born 6 March 1995) is a Finnish ice hockey player. They were a member of the bronze medal-winning Finnish national team at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship. Ollikainen also represented Finland at the 2016 IIHF Women's World Championship and 2017 Nations Cup, where they won gold with the team.
During 2015 to 2019, Ollikainen attended St. Cloud State University in St. Cloud, Minnesota and played NCAA Division I ice hockey with the St. Cloud State Huskies, registering three goals and seven assists in 137 games played with the program. They were named to the WCHA All-Academic Team three times and was twice honored as a WCHA Scholar Athlete.
Ollikainen graduated from St. Cloud State in 2019 with a BSc in environmental science. As of 2020, they are pursuing a Master's degree in environmental engineering at Tampere University and is not active with any nationally competitive ice hockey team.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
People from Kristinestad
St. Cloud State Huskies women's ice hockey players
Team Kuortane players
Sportspeople from Ostrobothnia (region)
is a private junior college in Chūō-ku, Kobe in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
History
The school was founded in 1880. In 2013, it became coeducational.
Courses
It offers courses in childcare.
See also
Kobe Shukugawa Gakuin University
List of junior colleges in Japan
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1965
Japanese junior colleges
1965 establishments in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Ypsolopha vintrella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona and California.
The wingspan is about 17–22 mm.
The antennae are white with sharp prominent dark brown annulations. The labial palpi are white and the face, head and thorax are pure white. The forewings are white with indistinct and ill-defined, light ochreous fuscous markings, the most persistent of these are a central longitudinal row of three large oblong spots, more or less connected by single dark scales, and a series of equidistant costal, apical and dorsal spots around the edge of the apical third of the wing. There are also two ochreous fuscous costal spots, one at basal third and one at the middle of the wing, and two or more dorsal spots, but none of these markings are very constant. The hindwings are light gray, the abdomen is dark fuscous and the legs are white.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths described in 1906
Moths of North America
Karen Gustavo Rocha (born 4 March 1984, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1984 births
Living people
Basketball players from São Paulo
Brazilian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Brazil
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Gerald Austin (born December 4, 1941) is a retired American football official, who worked in the National Football League (NFL) from the 1982 season through the 2007 season. They wore uniform number 34, which is now worn by Clete Blakeman. Austin has officiated in three Super Bowls, one as a side judge and two as a referee. They were also notable being the referee in the 1993 AFC Wild Card playoff game between the Houston Oilers and Buffalo Bills, which would later become known in NFL lore as "The Comeback" for being the greatest comeback by a team in league history. Austin's 2007 NFL officiating crew consisted of Ruben Fowler, Ed Camp, Carl Johnson, Scott Edwards, Alberto Riveron and Bob Lawing.
Personal
Austin has a bachelor's degree and master's degree from Western Carolina University and has a doctorate from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.  They are also a retired public school administrator for thirty years. Outside of officiating in the NFL, they are the coordinator of football officials for Conference USA. They reside in Summerfield, North Carolina and has six children.
Officiating career
Early years
Before joining the NFL, Austin served nine years as a basketball and football official in the Atlantic Coast Conference. They were assigned to officiate in the 1978 Liberty Bowl and the 1977 Orange Bowl.
National Football League
Austin began working in the NFL as a side judge, where they officiated Super Bowl XXIV at New Orleans in 1990. They were promoted to the referee position beginning with the 1990 NFL season after Dick Jorgensen's death; Austin had served as a member of Jorgensen's crew in the Super Bowl at the end of the previous season. Austin worked their first Super Bowl as a referee in 1997 at Super Bowl XXXI (also in New Orleans) and their second appearance was at Super Bowl XXXV in 2001. They served as an alternate referee in 1995 at Super Bowl XXIX and in 1999 at Super Bowl XXXIII.
Austin is one of the league's most respected referees as they are a recipient of the Art McNally Award, which goes to an NFL game official who exhibits exemplary professionalism, leadership and commitment to sportsmanship on and off the field.
Post-officiating career
Since retiring, Austin has contributed to ESPN broadcasts regarding the performance of officials.
References
Living people
National Football League officials
Western Carolina University alumni
People from Summerfield, North Carolina
University of North Carolina at Greensboro alumni
1941 births
National Football League announcers
Ichera Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 2642 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is overlooking Ellen Glacier to the southwest and Young Glacier to the northeast.
The peak is named after the settlement of Ichera in Eastern Bulgaria.
Location
Ichera Peak is located at , which is 18.88 km east of Mount Anderson, 4.21 km south-southeast of Mount Gozur, 9.78 km south-southwest of Zimornitsa Peak, 15.18 km west-northwest of Mount Besch and 5.93 km north-northwest of Chapman Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
External links
Ichera Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
Ichera Peak. Copernix satellite image
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Anupama Chandrasekhar is an Indian playwright born and based in Chennai.
Life
Chandrasekhar's plays have been staged at leading venues in India, Europe, Canada and the US. They were the National Theatre, London's first international playwright-in-residence from 2016 to 2017 and was formerly a journalist with the Hindu Business Line.
Them play Free Outgoing, directed by Indhu Rubasingham premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London in 2007. It was revived at the Royal Court's main theatre in Summer 2008 and travelled to the Traverse Theatre for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival the same year.
Chandrasekhar was a runner-up for the Evening Standard Theatre Award's Charles Wintour Prize for Most Promising Playwright in 2008. They were also shortlisted for the John Whiting Award and the Susan Smith Blackburn Prize for Free Outgoing. The play has also been staged by the Nightwood Theatre in Toronto. The play was staged in India by Crea-Shakti and directed by Mahesh Dattani in 2015 and had its American premiere, directed by Snehal Desai and produced by Boom Arts, in Portland, Oregon in 2016.
Them next play, Disconnect, directed by Indhu Rubasingham, also premiered at the Royal Court Theatre. Disconnect has been translated and staged in German and Czech languages and had its American and West Coast premieres in 2013 at Chicago's Victory Gardens Theater and the San Jose Repertory Theatre respectively.
Them play for children, The Snow Queen, an Indian adaptation of the Hans Christian Andersen story, written under commission to the Unicorn Theatre in London, opened for Christmas in December 2011. The play, directed by Rosamunde Hutt, was a tremendous box office success. A remount of the production, produced by the Trestle Theatre, UK, opened the Chennai Metroplus Theatre Festival in 2012 and has toured several cities in India and the UK.
Them subsequent play, When the Crows Visit, inspired by Ibsen's Ghosts and tackling the issue of sexual violence and patriarchy in India, opened at the Kiln Theatre in Autumn 2019. Directed by Indhu Rubasingham, the play was a response to India's horrific 2012 Delhi gang rape and other crimes against women.
In June 2021, the National Theatre announced that it would stage Chandrasekher's new work The Father and the Assassin in its Olivier Theatre in May 2022, a work about the radicalised, devout follower of Gandhi who eventually became their killer.
Them other plays include Acid, originally produced by QTP, Mumbai and later by the Madras Players in 2007 (which they directed), and Closer Apart, produced by Theatre Nisha – Chennai.
Them screenplay adaptation of Free Outgoing was a finalist for the Sundance International Screenwriters' Lab, Utah.  They are the screenplay writer for a short film Kitchen Tales directed by Jane Moriarty and completed in 2020-21.
Them short story Wings of Vedanthangal was the Asia winner of the Commonwealth Short Story Prize in 2006. They won a Charles Wallace Trust of India (CWIT) fellowship to the Royal Court Theatre's International Playwrights Programme in 2000. They were the CWIT Writing Fellow at the University of Chichester in 2015.
Selected plays
When the Crows Visit
The Snow Queen
Disconnect
Free Outgoing
Acid
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indian women dramatists and playwrights
Indian women journalists
English-language writers from India
Writers from Chennai
Women writers from Tamil Nadu
21st-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
21st-century Indian women writers
The Hindu journalists
Journalists from Tamil Nadu
Dramatists and playwrights from Tamil Nadu
Martin Halvorsen Vee or perhaps Matias Halvorsen Ve (1 March 1791 – 22 October 1864) was a Norwegian politician.
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1845, representing the constituency of Jarlsberg og Laurviks Amt. They worked as a farmer there. They served only one term.
References
1791 births
1864 deaths
Members of the Storting
Vestfold politicians
is an album by Japanese musician Ringo Sheena, released on May 27, 2014. It is a self-cover album, featuring new recordings of songs that Sheena wrote for other artists. Each song also collaborates with a different famous Japanese music producer. Gyakuyunyū was the final release of Sheena's 15th anniversary celebrations, released on the day marking 16 years since their debut single "Kōfukuron".
The title is a reference to grey market goods such as grey import vehicles. is a term used on such scenes.
Background and development
The album had been a planned release by Sheena for several years, at least as far back as 2010 and 2011, when they were recording music with Chiaki Kuriyama. Gyakuyunyū: Kōwankyoku was released as a part of Ringo Sheena's 15th anniversary celebrations. This was after the single "Irohanihoheto/Kodoku no Akatsuki" and two albums released on November 13, 2013: Ukina, a collaboration compilation album and Mitsugetsu-shō, a live compilation album. Also released on November 13 were The Sexual Healing Total Care Course 120min. and Live, two box sets compiling all of their visual media. Several days after, Sheena held a series of concerts at the Orchard Hall in Tokyo called on November 18, 19, 20, 25 and 26. Two additional concerts for Sheena's fanclub called were held on November 28 and 29 at the Hamarikyu Asahi Hall in Tokyo. The November 26 concert was later released on DVD on March 19, 2014.
Since their debut in 1998, Sheena has written songs for other musicians, starting with Ryōko Hirosue and Rie Tomosaka between 1998 and 2000. After a break of eight years, they began producing music for other musicians again, beginning with boyband Tokio's single "Amagasa". They worked with actor and musician Chiaki Kuriyama on four songs, with three becoming singles: "Oishii Kisetsu", "Ketteiteki Sanpunkan" and "Tsukiyo no Shōzō".
On Ukina, Sheena asked electronic producer Yasutaka Nakata to arrange their song "Netsuai Hakkakuchū" for the album. This was the first time Sheena had collaborated with Nakata, and a rare collaboration with an electronic producer.
Before the release of the album, Sheena collaborated with enka singer Sayuri Ishikawa, writing and producing three songs for their album X: Cross II: "An'ya no Shinjūdate", "Naute no Dorobōneko" and "Saihate ga Mitai". "An'ya no Shinjūdate" was released as a single on April 2, while the album was released on April 23. The pair performed the songs "An'ya no Shinjūdate" and "Naute no Dorobōneko" together on the NHK program Songs on April 12, 2014. None of these songs appear on Gyakuyunyū: Kōwankyoku.
Sheena previously performed the songs "Private", and "Cappuccino" in a grunge style at their Jisaku Jien Nama Jitsuenkai and Kōkotsu Gokuhi Ensōkai concerts in June 1999. They performed "Seishun no Matataki" at Tokyo Jihen's Bon Voyage concerts in 2012, and "Saisakizaka" as the final song at their Tōtaikai concerts in 2013.
Writing and production
Gyakuyunyū: Kōwankyoku is a selection of 11 out of the 25 songs written for other musicians by Sheena between 1998 and 2013. A self-cover album was something their fanclub members had requested the most, so decided their 15th anniversary was the best time to release such an album. Included was their first song given to another singer, Ryōko Hirosue, which was released after their second single "Kabukichō no Joō" in 1998. Out of the eight songs written for Rie Tomosaka, Sheena covered one, "Cappuccino". Sheena covered both songs written for Tokio in 2008, and both songs written for Puffy AmiYumi in 2009. Out of the four songs written for Chiaki Kuriyama, Sheena chose "Ketteiteki Sanpunkan" and "Seishun no Matataki". They also covered the song "Manatsu no Datsugokusha", written for boyband SMAP in 2012. Sheena was inspired by SMAP's dance atmosphere in their live concerts to write the song. As well as this, Sheena covered "Saisakizaka", a song they had given actor Yōko Maki to perform for the film The Ravine of Goodbye in 2013. The remaining song "Bōenkyō no Soto no Keshiki" was written for Hideki Noda's stage play Egg, which was held from September 5 to October 28, 2012. It was one of seven songs written for the play, performed by Eri Fukatsu under the moniker Ichigo Ichie. Sheena had written this song in the style of a Burt Bacharach waltz. As it appears on Gyakuyunyū: Kōwankyoku, "Bōenkyō no Soto no Keshiki" is almost entirely an instrumental. Sheena decided to record the songs they had given Tokio and SMAP in English, as the lyrics were written using words that men would use, which Sheena felt would sound odd coming from them
Each song features a collaborating producer, all of whom were men. Sheena decided to pick musicians who they had learnt things from about the world of J-Pop, which they were unfamiliar with when they debuted. An exception was Kenichi Maeyamada, who they saw as developing a new sound in Japanese music. Most of the musicians they had not met before, including Takeshi Kobayashi, Maeyamada, Shinichi Osawa, Otomo Yoshihide and Negishi Takamune. They had met Takeshi Ueda at the Rising Sun Rock Festival in 1999, and Tōru Hidaka from Beat Crusaders before, but had not collaborated with either before.
Of the collaborators they had worked with before, Nobuhiko Nakayama had acted as a programmer on Shōso Strip and had performed at Tokyo Jihen tours. Sheena had worked together with Keiichi Tomita on their Tomita Lab album Joyous, performing the songs "Yasashii Tetsugaku", "Tokai no Yoru, Watashi no Machi" and "Kono Yo wa Fushigi". The song "Yasashii Tetsugaku" was featured on their collaboration album Ukina (2013). Sheena had worked together with accordion player Yoshiaki Sato several times. They performed on their songs "Ringo no Uta" (2003), "Karisome Otome (Hitokuchizaka Ver.)" (2007) and "Karisome Otome (Tameikisannoh Ver.)" (2007), and was also a member of the backing band for their Tōtaikai concerts in 2013. Their song "Your Son" was also sampled on "Saisakizaka". Sheena had also worked with Yoichi Murata on multiple occasions.
Originally, Sheena had planned on just sending demos to the producers, and then later seeing what they had come up with. However, the producers all requested to have meetings with Sheena instead. For the song "Private", Maeyamada listened to Hirosue's original version, then had a single meeting with Sheena about the song. Sheena had requested Maeyamada to "make it sparkle", as they felt uncomfortable singing the girly lyrics now that they were in their 30s. Maeyamada had the concept of a "strange amusement park" in mind, so raised the key and the tempo, and added "cheap-sounding" synths. They further added bowling and cuckoo clock sound effects to the song. The pair then mixed the song together at a later date.
The songs with Japanese titles were given European language titles for the album. "Seishun no Matataki" ("Le Moment") and "Saisakizaka" ("Fortune Hill Road") already received one during their initial release. "Ketteiteki Sanpunkan" was given the title "The Decisive 3min." in 2011, but for the album was re-titled "A Decisive 3 Minutes". "Shuen no Onna", "Kachū no Otoko", "Manatsu no Datsugokusha" and "Amagasa" were all given names in English ("Leading Lady", "In a Whirlwind", "Midsummer Fugitives" and "Umbrella" respectively), while "Hiyori Hime" was given the French title "Princesse Quotidienne". "Bōenkyō no Soto no Keshiki" was given the Spanish title "Paisaje", which was the first time Sheena used a Spanish language title.
Recording
The album was recorded at Prime Sound Studio Form in Higashiyama, Meguro, Tokyo as well as at Sound Inn in Chiyoda, Tokyo. Additional instrument recordings were undertaken at private studios, such as Sweep-Zweep Studio and Non-Aggression Studio for "Kachū no Otoko," Samsa Studio for "Ketteiteki Sanpunkan" and Oorong Tokyo Studio for "Cappuccino."
"Shuen no Onna" was recorded with a 16 member brass band, dubbed the . "Bōenkyō no Soto no Keshiki" was recorded with a 26-member band, featuring rock, jazz and classical instruments. Many of the players on the song previously worked on songs from Sanmon Gossip (2009). One collaborator was pianist Masanori Sasaji, who was a judge at the 5th Music Quest Japan in 1996, a contest that Sheena had entered at 17. It was the first time the pair had met in 18 years.
"Cappuccino" features guitars by music producer Yukio Nagoshi, who previously collaborated with Sheena at their concert Ringo Expo 08. Drummer Noriyasu Kawamura, who performed the drums in the three bands that performed the songs for Sheena's debut album Muzai Moratorium (1999), Momoiro Spanner, Zekkyō Solfeggio, Zetsurin Hectopascal, also makes an appearance on "Amagasa". Several musicians collaborated with Sheena for the first time on Gyakuyunyū. Shinichi Ubukata of the band Nothing's Carved in Stone (formerly the guitarist for Ellegarden) performed electric guitars on "Amagasa". For Sheena's collaboration with Tōru Hidaka on the song "Hiyori Hime", they enlisted Kazuma Koshikawa of their current band The Starbems, as well as Asparagus members Naou Hara and Masakazu Ichise.
Promotion and release
To promote the release, Sheena performed a four date tour called . The tour had two locations: Ōsanbashi Hall in the Port of Yokohama (May 26 and 27) and the Sankei Hall Breeze in Umeda, Osaka (June 5 and 6). The paid channel Wowow Premium broadcast a special program about Gyakuyunyū on May 25, and on May 27 broadcast their Yokohama concert live. Sheena performed 21 songs, including "Cappuccino", "Amagasa", "Seishun no Matataki", "Bōenkyō no Soto no Keshiki" and "Shuen no Onna" from the album, as well as a cover of Hikaru Utada's "Traveling".
Interviews with Sheena appeared in the magazines Rockin' On Japan and Switch, as well as online publication Natalie to promote the album. On the day of release, Sheena appeared on Miu Sakamoto's radio show Sakamoto Miu no DearFriends, and the next day on NHK FM's Music Line. Also on the 28th, the Fuji TV show Sakigake! Ongaku Banzuke: Eight broadcast an interview with Sheena about the album.
On May 14, the songs "Seishun no Matataki", "Private" and "Amagasa" were released on iTunes when the album was made available for pre-order. On the same day, a music video for "Seishun no Matataki" was released. "Seishun no Matataki" peaked on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 the at number 41. "Private" also reached number 68 on the Adult Alternative Airplay chart, and "Cappuccino" at number 98. Sheena performed "Seishun no Matataki" at Music Station on May 30, 2014.
Critical reception
What's In? Tomonori Shiba reviewer felt positively about the album, noting that even though it was a collection of older songs, the sound production is more indicative of the future than the past, with the songs being reborn in a new sound. Yamaha music critic Manabu Sakurai called the release "a hectic and fun album, maybe the height of variation," but also noting that every song had Sheena's personality carved into it.
The album's cover artwork was the winner of Music Jacket Award 2015, as voted on by members of the Recording Industry Association of Japan.
Commercial reception
On the first day of sales, Gyakuyunyū: Kōwankyoku sold 17,000 copies, becoming the second most sold album that day, underneath Aiko's Awa no Yō na Ai Datta. The digital edition topped the iTunes top 100 albums the first day it was released. The album debuted at number 3 weekly, selling 31,000 copies.
Track listing
Additional English lyrics translated by Robbie Clark, additional Spanish lyrics by Hikaru Iwakawa.
Personnel
Credits were adapted from Ringo Sheena's official website.
Performers and musicians
Ren Adachi – programming (#8)
Hitomi Aikawa – vibraphone, glockenspiel (#1)
Ryōta Azuma – baritone sax (#1)
Ryoko Egawa – soprano sax (#1)
Great Eida – violin (#6)
Naoko Etō – piano (#1)
Takeshi Hamano – violin (#6)
Naou Hara – electric bass (#10)
Tōru Hidaka – arrangement, electric guitar, synthesizer (#10)
Masato Honda – alto sax (#6)
Masakazu Ichise – drums (#10)
Tsutomu Ikeshiro – trombone (#6)
Osamu Imagome – trombone (#1)
Rie Inoue – clarinet (#1)
Shinobu Kawai – electric bass (#1)
Noriyasu Kawamura – drums (#9)
Jin'ya Kimura – tuba (#1)
Chieko Kinbara – violin (#6)
Takefumi Kobayashi – conga, djembe, metal percussion (#1)
Takeshi Kobayashi – arrangement, keyboards (#8)
Tatsuo Kondo – synthesizer (#1)
Kazuma Koshikawa – electric guitar (#10)
Kenichi Maeyamada – arrangement, instruments, programming (#3)
Yoichi Murata – arrangement, trombone (#6)
Yukio Nagoshi – guitars (#8)
Nobuhiko Nakayama – arrangement, programming (#7)
Kōji Nishimura – trumpet (#6)
Tatsuo Ogura – violin (#6)
Akira Okumura – trumpet (#6)
Shunsuke Ōguchi – accordion (#1)
Shinichi Osawa – arrangement, mixing (#5)
Otomo Yoshihide – arrangement, guitars (#1)
Kang Saito – piccolo (#1)
Masanori Sasaji – piano (#6)
Hidenori Satō – trumpet (#1)
Yoshiaki Sato – arrangement, accordion (#11)
Ringo Sheena – electric guitar (#7), vocals
Kanade Shishiuchi – trombone (#6)
Satoshi Shōji – oboe (#6)
Masahiko Sugasaka – trumpet (#6)
Hiroshi Suzuki – tenor sax (#1)
Kenji Takamizu – wood bass (#6)
Hideyo Takakuwa – flute (#6)
Negishi Takamune – arrangement, electric bass (#9)
Mayu Takashima – viola (#6)
Hisashi Takayanagi – electric guitar (#5)
Masakuni Takeno – tenor sax (#6)
Kojiro Takizawa – violin (#6)
Tom Tamada – arrangement, keyboards (#8)
Keiichi Tomita – arrangement, instruments, treatments (#4)
Shinsuke Torizuka – trombone (#6)
Shinichi Ubukata – electric guitar (#9)
Takeshi Ueda – arrangement, track composing (#2)
Nanae Uehara – marimba, timpani (#1)
Yuji Yamada – viola (#6)
Hideo Yamaki – drums (#6)
Takuo Yamamoto – baritone sax (#6)
Kimio Yamane – clarinet (#6)
Haruko Yano – violin (#6)
Hitoshi Yokoyama – trumpet (#6)
Osamu Yoshida – tenor sax (#6)
Yasuhiro Yoshigaki – drums (#1)
Technical and production
Ren Adachi – guitar recording (#8)
Ryōta Gomi – assistant engineer (Prime Sound Studio Form)
Uni Inoue – electric guitar recording (#7), recording engineer, mixing engineer, vocal recording (#2, #7)
Shin'ya Kondō – assistant engineer (Prime Sound Studio Form)
Kei Kusama – recording engineer, mixing engineer (#2)
Tadashi Matsumura – recording engineer (#7)
Shigeo Miyamoto – mastering engineer
Fumio Miyata – musician coordination (#1, #6)
Hajime Nagai – recording engineer (#7)
Atsushi Oota – assistant engineer (Prime Sound Studio)
Tsuguhiro Sasaki – musician coordination (#1)
Yūji Tanaka – assistant engineer (Prime Sound Studio Form)
Masayuki Tsuruta – assistant engineer (Bunkamura Studio)
Takeshi Ueda – recording engineer, mixing engineer (#2)
Kazunori Yamada – assistant engineer (Sound Inn)
Yujiro Yonetsu – assistant engineer (Prime Sound Studio Form)
Charts
Sales
Release history
See also
Ringo Sheena production discography
References
2014 albums
Ringo Sheena albums
Japanese-language albums
Self-covers albums
Orlja may refer to:
Orlja, Pljevlja, Montenegro
Orlja (Pirot), Serbia
The Spanish city of Almería suffered up to 52 bombings from air and sea, with a total of 754 bombs dropped during the Spanish Civil War. This led to the decision to create a system of underground shelters for the protection of approximately 40,000 civilians. These shelters measure more than 4.5 km long, and they are equipped with a surgery room and a food storage room. They were designed by the local architect Guillermo Langle Rubio, being today the most important and better preserved shelters in all Europe. These refuges have stood the most important attack in all Almería's history, the Bombardment of Almería, by the nazis in 1937.
History
Its history began on 22 January 1937, after signing a project known as "The Project of Shelters against bombings in the city of Almería. The cost of its construction was estimated to be 4.5 million pesetas, of which the Central Government subsidized for 2 million. During the construction of these shelters, the government of the city established a special tax of 1% on all purchases to allow this expenditure, along with the cooperation of political parties and unions, contributions from business and voluntary labor work of some citizens. Its construction took a total of 16 months.
There is only one original plan, which is supposedly incomplete, that of the layout of the shelters. It is a document printed on onionskin paper dating from 1937, which designs for engravings on the outside of the shelters taken after rehabilitation.
References
Almería
Air raid shelters
Girolamo Seripando (Troja, Apulia, 6 May 1493 – Trento, 17 March 1563) was an Augustinian friar, Italian theologian and cardinal.
Life
They were of noble birth, and intended by their parents for the legal profession. After their death, however, at the age of fourteen, they entered the Augustinian Order, at Viterbo, where they studied of Greek and Hebrew as well as philosophy and theology.
After a short stay in Rome, where they had been called by their superior general, they were appointed lecturer at Siena (1515), professor of theology at Bologna (1517), and vicar-general (1532), a role they filled with great credit for two years. They won such a reputation for eloquence by their discourses in the principal cities of Italy, that the Emperor Charles V often made it a point to be present at their sermons.
Elected superior general in 1539, they governed for twelve years, with singular prudence, zeal, and piety. They attended (1546) the sessions of the Council of Trent, where they distinguished themselves by their zeal for the purity of the text of Holy Writ, and also by their peculiar views concerning original sin and justification.
Pope Paul III sent them as their legate to the emperor and to the King of France, after which they were offered the Bishopric of Aquila. Seripando not only declined this dignity, but even resigned their position as superior general (1551), and withdrew into a small convent. They were called from this retirement (1553) on a mission from the city of Naples to Charles V. Upon completion of this they were appointed Archbishop of Salerno. They proved a zealous and efficient pastor.
A few years later (1561), Pope Pius IV made them cardinal and second legate of the Holy See at the Council of Trent. Upon the death of Cardinal Gonzaga, they became first president of the same Council.
Works
Seripando was an elegant and prolific writer, and a vigorous controversialist, rather than an orator. The following are their principal published works: "Novae constitutiones ordinis S. Augustini" (Venice, 1549); "Oratio in funere Caroli V imperatoris" (Naples, 1559); "Prediche sopra il simbolo degli Apostoli, etc." (Venice, 1567); "Commentarius in D. Pauli epistolas ad Galatas" (Venice, 1569); "Commentaria in D. Pauli epistolas ad Romanos et ad Galatas" (Naples, 1601); "De arte orandi" (Lyons, 1670); and several of their letters, included by Lagomarsini in "Poggiani epist. et orationes" (Rome, 1762).
References
Sources
Ellies Dupin, Hist. de l'eglise (Paris, 1703)
Raynald-Mansi, Annal. eccl. (Lucca, 1735-6)
Ossinger, Bibl. August. (Ingolstadt, 1768)
1493 births
1563 deaths
Augustinian friars
16th-century Italian cardinals
Participants in the Council of Trent
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
INS Hanit (, Spear) is a of the Israeli Navy, built by Northrop Grumman Ship Systems in 1994. During the 2006 Lebanon War INS Hanit served as the flagship of the Israeli navy. On 14 July 2006, it was damaged after being struck by a Hezbollah C-802 anti-ship missile.
Attack on 14 July 2006
During the 2006 Lebanon War, the vessel was patrolling in Lebanese waters ten nautical miles off the coast of Beirut. It was damaged on 14 July 2006 on the waterline, under the aft superstructure by a missile (likely a Chinese-designed C-802) fired by Hezbollah that reportedly set the flight deck on fire and crippled the propulsion systems inside the hull. However, INS Hanit stayed afloat, withdrew and made the rest of the journey back to Ashdod port for repairs under its own power. Four crew members were killed during the attack: Staff Sergeant Tal Amgar, Corporal Shai Atas, Sergeant Yaniv Hershkovitz, and First Sergeant Dov Steinshuss.
According to the Israeli Navy, the ship's sophisticated automatic missile defense system was not deployed, even though the early warning system is usually deployed during peace-time wargames. In the aftermath of the event, reports suggested that no known intelligence existed which would have pointed to the fact that such a sophisticated missile was deployed in Lebanon by Hezbollah. In fact, the investigative work of Ha'aretz journalists Amos Harel and Avi Issacharoff showed that an intelligence officer identified only as Colonel K. had given a lecture on 21 April 2003, predicting that Hezbollah possessed shore-to-sea missiles. Furthermore, on the morning of 14 July 2006 a branch head of naval intelligence described as Lieutenant-Colonel Y. briefed the head of naval intelligence, Colonel Ram Rothberg, telling them that "ships enforcing Israel's naval blockade on Hezbollah should take into account the possibility of a C-802 missile being fired on them." No warning was issued based on this assessment, however; if it had, Israeli ships would have moved further away from the shore and activated their anti-missile systems.
As a result of the incident, two navy officers, two junior officers and the commander of the ship were formally reprimanded and repositioned to non-commanding positions on land. One of the junior officers had shut down the central radar and parts of the defence system without notifying the commander, in the belief that the ship was not under threat.
IDF report
An official IDF report on the Lebanon war incident reveals that the crew did not act sufficiently in order to anticipate the threat.
The IDF report, which was submitted to Chief of Staff Dan Halutz, said, "as far as the intelligence picture is concerned, it was found that despite the lack of pinpoint information about the weapon in the hands of Hezbollah, there was information in the Navy in the past that could have led to some type of assessment that the enemy holds shore-to-ship missiles." In addition, failures were uncovered in "the way the forces understood the operative reality and implemented it." As there were no perceived missile threats, an officer had left the ship's anti-missile suite disabled, in energy-saving standby-mode, while patrolling near the coast.
The Israeli military alleged that Iranian military advisors from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) had assisted with deploying and readying the missile launcher.
Subsequent service
Repairs took months; the ship returned to active service in 2007.
INS Hanit served as Ram Rothberg's command ship during the 2014 Operation Full Disclosure.
References
External links
Sa'ar 5-class corvettes
2006 Lebanon War
Maritime incidents in 2006
1994 ships
Ships built in Pascagoula, Mississippi
Shonan Maru No. 7 (Japanese: 第七昭南丸) was a Japanese whaling ship that was requisitioned by the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II and converted into an auxiliary subchaser.
History
They were laid down on 26 March 1938 at the K.K. Osaka Tekkosho Innoshima Kojo shipyard for the benefit of Nippon Suisan K.K. They were launched on 3 August 1938, completed on 18 September 1938, and registered in Tokyo. They were the 8th of 13 Shonan Maru No. 1-class ships built 1938-1940 all sharing the same name (Shonan is the Japanese name for Singapore). The ships of the class in order of production were: Shonan Maru No. 1 (第一昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 2 (第二昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 3 (第三昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 5 (第五昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 10 (第十昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 11 (第十一昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 6 (第六昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 7 (第七昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 8 (第八昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 12 (第十二昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 15 (第十五昭南丸), Shonan Maru No. 16 (第十六昭南丸), and Shonan Maru No. 17 (第十七昭南丸). They worked as a whaling ship until 13 September 1941, when they were requisitioned by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
They were designated as an auxiliary submarine chaser at the Kure Naval District and their conversion was completed at the Innoshima, Hiroshima shipyard of Osaka Iron Works on 24 October 1941. Them commanding officer was Reserve Lieutenant (J.G.) Suzuki Kanji (鈴木完爾). They were attached to the 91st Subchaser Division (along with auxiliary subchaser Shonan Maru No. 6 and auxiliary netlayer Choko Maru), 9th Base Force, Southern Expeditionary Fleet, Combined Fleet. The 9th Base Force was based at Cam Rahn Bay, French Indochina which had been seized from the French in September 1940. On 3 January 1942, the Combined Fleet in anticipation of having to defend its newly acquired territories, reorganized. The Southern Expeditionary Fleet was renamed the 1st Expeditionary Fleet and tasked with defending French Indochina, Singapore, Thailand, and Burma; and the 2nd Southern Expeditionary Fleet was formed out of the Third Fleet and tasked with defending the Dutch West Indies. On 10 April 1942, the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Expeditionary Fleets (created on 3 January 1942 and responsible for the Philippines) were placed under the unified command of the Southwest Area Fleet headquartered in Manila. The 1st Expeditionary Fleet (headquartered in Singapore) consisted of the 9th Base Force (Penang), the 10th Base Force (Singapore); the 11th base Force (Saigon), and the 12th Base Force (Andaman Islands).
Reinforcement of Burma
On 19 March 1942, they departed Singapore as part of "Operation U" tasked with the reinforcement of Japanese troops in Burma. The convoy was escorted by the three ships of the 91st Subchaser Division along with 2 additional subchasers (CH-7, CH-8), a light cruiser Kashii (which served as flagship), five destroyers (Shikinami, Asakaze, Harukaze, Hatakaze, and Matsukaze); an escort ship (Shimushu); a minelayer (Hatsutaka), 3 minesweepers (W-1, W-3, W-4); a gunboat (Eiko Maru); an Ōtori-class torpedo boat (Kari), and an auxiliary gunboat (Kosho Maru). The warships escorted the First Burma Transport Convoy consisting of 32 transports carrying the main body of the Imperial Japanese Army's 56th Division.
Thereafter, they were assigned to Singapore where they were mainly involved in escort and patrol duties.
Demise
There is some disagreement over their fate. Japanese sources indicate that on 21 May 1944, while conducting anti-submarine sweeps along the east coast of Malaysia, they were torpedoed and sunk 17 km southeast of Pangkor Island () and that on 10 July 1944, they were struck from the Navy List. US sources indicate that they were sunk after being attacked by aircraft from Task Force 38 off the cost of Luzon on 22 September 1944.
References
1938 ships
Auxiliary ships of the Imperial Japanese Navy
Ships sunk by American submarines
Submarine chasers of the Imperial Japanese Navy
Emma Lazarus (July 22, 1849 – November 19, 1887) was an American author of poetry, prose, and translations, as well as an activist for Jewish and Georgist causes.  They are remembered for writing the sonnet "The New Colossus", which was inspired by the Statue of Liberty, in 1883. Its lines appear inscribed on a bronze plaque, installed in 1903, on the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty. The last lines of the sonnet were set to music by Irving Berlin as the song "Give Me Your Tired, Your Poor" for the 1949 musical Miss Liberty, which was based on the sculpting of the Statue of Liberty (Liberty Enlightening the World). The latter part of the sonnet was also set by Lee Hoiby in their song "The Lady of the Harbor" written in 1985 as part of their song cycle "Three Women".
Lazarus was also the author of Poems and Translations (New York, 1867); Admetus, and other Poems (1871); Alide: An Episode of Goethe's Life (Philadelphia, 1874); Poems and Ballads of Heine (New York, 1881); Poems, 2 Vols.; Narrative, Lyric and Dramatic; as well as Jewish Poems and Translations.
Early years and education
Emma Lazarus was born in New York City, July 22, 1849, into a large Sephardic Jewish family. They were the fourth of seven children of Moses Lazarus, a wealthy Jewish merchant and sugar refiner, and Esther Nathan. One of their great-grandfathers on the Lazarus side was from Germany; the rest of their Lazarus and Nathan ancestors were originally from Portugal and resident in New York long before the American Revolution, being among the original twenty-three Portuguese Jews who arrived in New Amsterdam fleeing the Inquisition from their settlement of Recife, Brazil. Lazarus's great-great-grandmother on their mother's side, Grace Seixas Nathan (born in New York in 1752) was also a poet. Lazarus was related through their mother to Benjamin N. Cardozo, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Them siblings included sisters Josephine, Sarah, Mary, Agnes and Annie, and a brother, Frank.
Privately educated by tutors from an early age, they studied American and British literature as well as several languages, including German, French, and Italian. They were attracted in youth to poetry, writing their first lyrics when eleven years old.
Career
Writer
The first stimulus for Lazarus's writing was offered by the American Civil War. A collection of their Poems and Translations, verses written between the ages of fourteen and seventeen, appeared in 1867 (New York), and was commended by William Cullen Bryant. It included translations from Friedrich Schiller, Heinrich Heine, Alexandre Dumas, and Victor Hugo. Admetus and Other Poems followed in 1871. The title poem was dedicated "To my friend Ralph Waldo Emerson", whose works and personality were exercising an abiding influence upon the poet's intellectual growth. During the next decade, in which "Phantasies" and "Epochs" were written, their poems appeared chiefly in Lippincott's Monthly Magazine and Scribner's Monthly.
By this time, Lazarus's work had won recognition abroad. Them first prose production, Alide: An Episode of Goethe's Life, a romance treating of the Friederike Brion incident, was published in 1874 (Philadelphia), and was followed by The Spagnoletto (1876), a tragedy. Poems and Ballads of Heinrich Heine (New York, 1881) followed, and was prefixed by a biographical sketch of Heine; Lazarus's renderings of some of Heine's verse are considered among the best in English. In the same year, 1881, they became friends with Rose Hawthorne Lathrop. In April 1882, Lazarus published in The Century Magazine the article "Was the Earl of Beaconsfield a Representative Jew?" Them statement of the reasons for answering this question in the affirmative may be taken to close what may be termed the Hellenic and journeyman period of Lazarus's life, during which their subjects were drawn from classic and romantic sources.
Lazarus also wrote The Crowing of the Red Cock, and the sixteen-part cycle poem "Epochs". In addition to writing their own poems, Lazarus edited many adaptations of German poems, notably those of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Heinrich Heine. They also wrote a novel and two plays in five acts, The Spagnoletto, a tragic verse drama about the titular figure and The Dance to Death, a dramatization of a German short story about the burning of Jews in Nordhausen during the Black Death. During the time Lazarus became interested in their Jewish roots, they continued their purely literary and critical work in magazines with such articles as "Tommaso Salvini", "Salvini's 'King Lear, "Emerson's Personality", "Heine, the Poet", "A Day in Surrey with William Morris", and others.
Lines from their sonnet "The New Colossus" appear on a bronze plaque which was placed in the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty in 1903. The sonnet was written in 1883 and donated to an auction, conducted by the "Art Loan Fund Exhibition in Aid of the Bartholdi Pedestal Fund for the Statue of Liberty" in order to raise funds to build the pedestal. Lazarus's close friend Rose Hawthorne Lathrop was inspired by "The New Colossus" to found the Dominican Sisters of Hawthorne.
They traveled twice to Europe, first in 1883 and again from 1885 to 1887. On one of those trips, Georgiana Burne-Jones, the wife of the Pre-Raphaelite painter Edward Burne-Jones, introduced them to William Morris at their home.
They also met with Henry James, Robert Browning and Thomas Huxley during their European travels. A collection of Poems in Prose (1887) was their last book. Them Complete Poems with a Memoir appeared in 1888, at Boston.
Activism
Lazarus was a friend and admirer of the American political economist Henry George. They believed deeply in Georgist economic reforms and became active in the "single tax" movement for land value tax. Lazarus published a poem in the New York Times named after George's book, Progress and Poverty.
Lazarus became more interested in their Jewish ancestry as they heard of the Russian pogroms that followed the assassination of Tsar Alexander II in 1881. As a result of this anti-Semitic violence, and the poor standard of living in Russia in general, thousands of destitute Ashkenazi Jews emigrated from the Russian Pale of Settlement to New York. Lazarus began to advocate on behalf of indigent Jewish immigrants. They helped establish the Hebrew Technical Institute in New York to provide vocational training to assist destitute Jewish immigrants to become self-supporting. Lazarus volunteered in the Hebrew Emigrant Aid Society employment bureau; they eventually became a strong critic of the organization. In 1883, they founded the Society for the Improvement and Colonization of East European Jews.
The literary fruits of identification with their religion were poems like "The Crowing of the Red Cock", "The Banner of the Jew", "The Choice", "The New Ezekiel", "The Dance to Death" (a strong, though unequally executed drama), and their last published work (March 1887), "By the Waters of Babylon: Little Poems in Prose", which constituted their strongest claim to a foremost rank in American literature. During the same period (1882–87), Lazarus translated the Hebrew poets of medieval Spain with the aid of the German versions of Michael Sachs and Abraham Geiger, and wrote articles, signed and unsigned, upon Jewish subjects for the Jewish press, besides essays on "Bar Kochba", "Henry Wadsworth Longfellow", "M. Renan and the Jews", and others for Jewish literary associations. Several of their translations from medieval Hebrew writers found a place in the ritual of American synagogues. Lazarus's most notable series of articles was that titled "An Epistle to the Hebrews" (The American Hebrew, November 10, 1882 – February 24, 1883), in which they discussed the Jewish problems of the day, urged a technical and a Jewish education for Jews, and ranged themselves among the advocates of an independent Jewish nationality and of Jewish repatriation in Palestine. The only collection of poems issued during this period was Songs of a Semite: The Dance to Death and Other Poems (New York, 1882), dedicated to the memory of George Eliot.
Death and legacy
Lazarus returned to New York City seriously ill after their second trip to Europe, and died two months later, on November 19, 1887, most likely from Hodgkin's lymphoma. They never married. Lazarus was buried in Beth Olam Cemetery in Cypress Hills, Queens. The Poems of Emma Lazarus (2 vols., Boston and New York, 1889) was published after their death, comprising most of their poetic work from previous collections, periodical publications, and some of the literary heritage their executors deemed appropriate to preserve for posterity. Them papers are kept by the American Jewish Historical Society, Center for Jewish History, and their letters are collected at Columbia University.
A stamp featuring the Statue of Liberty and Lazarus's poem, "The New Colossus", was issued by Antigua and Barbuda in 1985. In 1992, they were named as a Women's History Month Honoree by the National Women's History Project. Lazarus was honored by the Office of the Manhattan Borough President in March 2008, and their home on West 10th Street was included on a map of Women's Rights Historic Sites. In 2009, they were inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame. The Museum of Jewish Heritage featured an exhibition about Lazarus in 2012.
Biographer Esther Schor praised Lazarus' lasting contribution.
The irony is that the statue goes on speaking, even when the tide turns against immigration — even against immigrants themselves, as they adjust to their American lives. You can't think of the statue without hearing the words Emma Lazarus gave them
Style and themes
Lazarus contributed toward shaping the self-image of the United States as well as how the country understands the needs of those who emigrate to the United States. Them themes produced sensitivity and enduring lessons regarding immigrants and their need for dignity. What was needed to make them a poet of the people as well as one of literary merit was a great theme, the establishment of instant communication between some stirring reality and their still-hidden and irresolute subjectivity. Such a theme was provided by the immigration of Russian Jews to America, consequent upon the proscriptive May Laws of 1882. They rose to the defense of their ethnic compatriots in powerful articles, as contributions to The Century (May 1882 and February 1883). Hitherto, their life had held no Jewish inspiration. Though of Sephardic ancestry, and ostensibly Orthodox in belief, their family had tilled then not participated in the activities of the synagogue or of the Jewish community. Contact with the unfortunates from Russia led them to study the Torah, the Hebrew language, Judaism, and Jewish history. While their early poetry demonstrated no Jewish themes, their Songs of a Semite (1882) is considered to be the earliest volume of Jewish American poetry.
A review of Alide by Lippincott's Monthly Magazine was critical of Lazarus's style and elements of technique.
Selected works
"In the Jewish Synagogue at Newport"
"In Exile"
"Progress and Poverty"
"The New Colossus"
"By the Waters of Babylon"
"1492"
"The New Year"
"The South"
"Venus of the Louvre"
Notes
References
Citations
Attribution
Bibliography
Beilin, Israel Ber. Dos lebn fun Ema Lazarus a biografye. 1946. Nyu-Yorḳ : Yidishn fraṭernaln folḳs-ordn
Cavitch, Max. (2008). "Emma Lazarus and the Golem of Liberty." The Traffic in Poems: Nineteenth-Century Poetry and Transatlantic Exchange. Ed. Meredith McGill. Rutgers University Press. 97–122. .
External links
Jewish Virtual Library: Emma Lazarus
Jewish Women's Archive: HISTORY MAKERS: Emma Lazarus, 1849–1887
Finding aid to Emma Lazarus, 1868–1929, at Columbia University. Rare Book & Manuscript Library.
National Public Radio: "Emma Lazarus, Poet of the Huddled Masses"
Jewish-American Hall of Fame: Virtual Tour: Emma Lazarus (1849–1887)
"Who Was Emma Lazarus?" by Dr. Henry Henry Abramson
1849 births
1887 deaths
19th-century American poets
19th-century American women writers
Activists from New York City
American feminist writers
American people of German-Jewish descent
American people of Portuguese-Jewish descent
American Sephardic Jews
American women activists
American women poets
Burials at Beth Olom Cemetery
Georgists
Jewish American activists
Jewish American poets
Jewish feminists
Jewish women writers
Statue of Liberty
Writers from New York City
19th-century Sephardi Jews
The 2004 Libyan Super Cup was the 8th edition of the Super Cup, and was played on Friday, August 27, 2004 between LPL winners Al Olympic and Libyan Cup winners Al Ittihad. Al Olympic ended the game with 9 men, Nader Kara and Younes Al Shibani having both been sent off, Kara going for taking their shirt off after scoring, and Al Shibani walking for a poor tackle. Al Ittihad comfortably won the game 5-2.
Match details
References
Libyan Super Cup
2004–05 in Libyan football
The Woodyard Archeological Site is an unexcavated archaeological site located in Clinton, Prince George's County, Maryland. This site was originally patented as "Darnall's Delight" for Colonel Henry Darnall in 1683. Sometime before 1711, Darnall built a large brick mansion known as "The Woodyard."
In 1765, Darnall's Delight was purchased by Stephen West, who added a large wing to the brick house. West established a firearms manufactory and spinning mill to supply the Continental forces during the American Revolutionary War. The original plantation house was destroyed during the Civil War. The site includes an L-shaped brick house constructed about 1870.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
References
External links
, including photo, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Archaeological sites in Prince George's County, Maryland
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type II (MOPD II) is a form of primordial dwarfism associated with brain and skeletal abnormalities. It was characterized in 1982.
MOPD II is listed as a rare disease by the Office of Rare Diseases (ORD) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This indicates that MOPD (or a subtype of MOPD) affects less than 200,000 people in the US population.
It is associated with the protein pericentrin (PCNT).
Notable persons with MOPD II
Lucia Zarate, sideshow entertainer
Bridgette Jordan, the smallest living woman until their death in 2019
See also
Primordial dwarfism
References
External links
Growth disorders
The Sierra campaign or Breña campaign was the last phase of the land campaigns of the War of the Pacific. This stage begins after the occupation of Lima, in February 1881, and extends until the consolidation of the Treaty of Ancón, between October and November 1883, which ends the war, with favorable conditions for Chile.
See also
Asymmetric warfare
Bibliography
War of the Pacific
Wars involving Chile
Wars involving Peru
19th century in Chile
19th century in Peru
Conflicts in 1881
Conflicts in 1882
Conflicts in 1883
The 2016–17 AS-Saint-Étienne season was the 84th professional season of the club since its creation in 1933.
Players
Squad information
Players and squad numbers last updated on 20 August 2016.Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Coupe de France
Coupe de la Ligue
UEFA Europa League
Third qualifying round
Play-off round
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
|-
!width=15|
!width=15|
!width=15|
!width=15|
!width=145|Name
!width=80|Ligue 1
!width=80|Coupe de France
!width=80|Coupe de la Ligue
!width=80|Europa League
!width=80|Total
|-
|1
| 27
| FW
|
|align=left| Robert Berić
| 2
| 0
| 0
| 2
|4
|-
|2
| 21
| FW
|
|align=left| Romain Hamouma
| 2
| 0
| 0
| 0
|2
|-
|rowspan=4|3
| 23
| FW
|
|align=left| Alexander Søderlund
| 1
| 0
| 0
| 0
|1
|-
|
| FW
|
|align=left| Dylan Saint-Louis
| 1
| 0
| 0
| 0
|1
|-
| 22
| FW
|
|align=left| Kévin Monnet-Paquet
| 1
| 0
| 0
| 0
|1
|-
| 18
| MF
|
|align=left| Fabien Lemoine
| 0
| 0
| 0
| 1
|1
|-
|colspan=5|Own goal
|0
|0
|0
|1
|1
|-
|colspan=5|Totals
|6
|0
|0
|4
|10
Clean sheets
Last updated:
Disciplinary record
References
Saint-Etienne
AS Saint-Étienne seasons
Saint-Etienne
David Stuart Elliott (born 29 April 1949) is a British-born art gallery and museum curator and writer about modern and contemporary art.  They are also a Contributing Editor of Ran Dian magazine.
Education
They were educated at Loughborough Grammar School. While studying Modern History at the University of Durham, they organised 'Germany in Ferment: Art and Society in Germany 1900-1933' (1970) a group of art, photography and design exhibitions that also included film and performance programmes. After showing in Durham, this travelled to the Mappin Art Gallery Sheffield and the Leicester Museum and Art Gallery. They then worked as an Art Assistant at the Leicester Museum and Art Gallery before studying History of Art at the Courtauld Institute of Art.
Working experience
Elliott worked as a regional art and exhibitions officer at the Arts Council of Great Britain, from 1973 to 1976 after which they served as director of the Museum of Modern Art, Oxford from 1976 to 1996. Elliott's programme at Oxford included exhibitions of art from Latin America, Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union as well as mainstream western art.
In 1995, they co-curated for the Hayward Gallery, London a large traveling exhibition 'Art and Power" exploring the relationship of art with the totalitarian regimes in Europe in the first half of the 20th century. Their catalogue essays for this were gathered together and republished in 'History Today'.
They were then Director of the Moderna Museet (Museum of Modern Art) in Stockholm from 1996 to 2001.
From 1998 to 2004, they were President of CIMAM [the International Committee of ICOM for Museums of Modern and Contemporary Art].
Between 2001 and 2006, Elliott was the first director of Tokyo's Mori Art Museum, a large privately endowed museum devoted to contemporary - particularly Asian - art, architecture and design.
During 2007 they were the first Director of Istanbul Modern.
In 2008 Elliott was Rudolf Arnheim Guest Professor in the History of Art at the Humboldt University, Berlin and a Visiting Professor in Curatorship and Museum Studies at the Chinese University in Hong Kong until 2015.
In 2010, they delivered the Toshiba Lecture Series, 'Rethinking Art after the Age of "Enlightenment"', at the British Museum in London.
From 2008 to 2010, they were a Artistic Director for the 17th Biennale of Sydney, 'THE BEAUTY OF DISTANCE: Songs of Survival in a Precarious Age' which took place 12 May - 1 August 2010.
From 2011 to 2012 they were a Artistic Director of the 1st Kiev International Biennial of Contemporary Art entitled 'The Best of Times, The Worst of Times. Rebirth and Apocalypse in Contemporary Art'.
From 2013 to 2014 they were a Artistic Director of the IV Moscow Biennale of Young Art 'A TIME FOR DREAMS'.
From 2015 to 2016 they were a Artistic Director of the 56th October Salon in Belgrade entitled 'The Pleasure of Love.'
Their exhibition 'Bye Bye Kitty!!! Between heaven and hell in contemporary Japanese art,' opened at Japan Society, New York in March 2011 and was judged by the American Branch of the International Association of Art Critics [AAICA] as 'the best exhibition in a non-profit or public space in 2011'.
'Between Heaven & Earth. Contemporary Art from the Centre of Asia' was shown at Calvert 22 London from September to November 2011.
From 2010 to 2012 they were advising the Hong Kong Jockey Club Charitable Trust on the artistic development and programming of Tai Kwun, the Central Police Station Heritage site in Hong Kong. From 2010 to 2016 they were Chairman of the Board of the Triangle Arts Trust at Gasworks in London.
From 2011 to 2017 they were on the jury of Kulturakademie Tarabya in Istanbul a residence scheme for artists of all kinds initiated by the German government to foster German-Turkish cultural exchange.
Since 2010 they have been Chair of Judges of the Sovereign Asian Arts Prize in Hong Kong and Chair of the Advisory Board of MOMENTUM, Berlin. From 2015 to 2019 they were senior curator and vice-director to the Redtory Museum of Contemporary Art in Guangzhou.  They are currently advising the Troy House Art Foundation in London. 'Art & Trousers. Tradition and Modernity in Contemporary Asian Art,' an anthology of their writings, is published in 2021.
Exhibitions
David Elliott has conceived and curated a large number of exhibitions including:
Art and Power: Europe under the dictators 1933–1945 (1995);
Wounds: between democracy and redemption in contemporary art (1998);
After the Wall: art and culture in post-Communist Europe (1999);
Organising Freedom: Nordic art in the '90s (2000);
Tokyo Young Artists' Video Initiative (2001);
Absences (2002);
Happiness: a survival guide for art and life (2003);
Africa Remix: the contemporary art of a continent (2004);
Ilya and Emilia Kabakov, Where is Our Place? (2004);
Follow Me! Chinese Art at the Turn of the Millennium and Hiroshi Sugimoto (2005);
Tokyo Berlin/Berlin Tokyo, Mori Art Museum, Tokyo, and Neue Nationalgalerie, Berlin (2005);
Hatsu-yume [First Dream]: the video art of Bill Viola (2006);
From Ottoman Empire to Turkish Republic: modernity at a time of change (2007);
Time Past, Time Present: 20 years of the Istanbul Biennial (2007);
The Quick and the Dead: Rites of passage in art, spirit and life (2009);
Bye Bye Kitty!!! Between Heaven and Hell in Contemporary Japanese Art (2011);
Between Heaven and Earth: contemporary art from the centre of Asia (2011);
Art From Elsewhere: International Contemporary Art from UK galleries (2014–16);
BALAGAN!!! Contemporary Art from the Former Soviet Union and Other Mythical Places (2015);
Social Fabric: New Work by Mariana Hahn and Kwan Sheung Chi (2016);
Shen Shaomin: There is No Problem! (2016);
The Pleasure of Love: Transient emotion in contemporary art (2016);
Bread & Roses: Four Generations of Kazakh Women artists (2018);
Connections and Fractures. Works from the RMCA Collection (2019).
References
External links
David Elliott profile at the Mori Art Museum
Moderna Museet
Art and Power
Istanbul Modern
Biennale of Sydney
New York Observer
First International Biennale of Contemporary Art in Ukraine
Yale Praxis Interview Magazine
1949 births
Living people
British curators
Alumni of Durham University
Alumni of the Courtauld Institute of Art
Prothalamion, the commonly used name of , is a poem by Edmund Spenser (1552–1599), one of the important poets of the Tudor period in England. Published in 1596, it is a nuptial song that they composed that year on the occasion of the twin marriage of the daughters of the Earl of Worcester, Elizabeth Somerset and Katherine Somerset, to Sir Henry Guildford and William Petre, 2nd Baron Petre respectively.
Prothalamion is written in the conventional form of a marriage song. The poem begins with a description of the River Thames where Spenser finds two beautiful maidens. The poet proceeds to praise them and wishing them all the blessings for their marriages. The poem begins with a fine description of the day when on which they are writing the poem:
The poet is standing near the Thames River and finds a group of nymphs with baskets collecting flowers for the new brides. The poet tells us that they are happily making the bridal crowns for Elizabeth and Katherine. They go on their poem describing two swans at the Thames, relating it to the myth of Jove and Leda. According to the myth, Jove falls in love with Leda and comes to court them in the guise of a beautiful swan. The poet feels that the Thames has done justice to their nuptial song by "flowing softly" according to their request: "Sweet Thames run softly till I end my song". The poem is often grouped with Spenser's poem about their own marriage, the Epithalamion.
American-born British poet T. S. Eliot quotes the line "Sweet Thames, run softly, till I end my song" in their 1922 poem The Waste Land. English composer George Dyson (1883–1964) set words from Prothalamion to music in their 1954 cantata Sweet Thames Run Softly.
Notes
External links
Text of Prothalamion
Renascence Editions
Poetry by Edmund Spenser
Raja's Seat (Seat of the King) is a seasonal garden of flowers and artificial fountains. It is one of the most important tourist spots in Madikeri of Coorg District. It is 270 km away from Bangalore, the capital of Karnataka.
A spectacle of layers of greenery, chain of high and low-rise-mountains attired with mist, the Raja Garden was a one-time-favorite of the kings of Kodagu who used to watch the setting sun, and spend time with their queens here. It is shaped like a small square in brick and mortar, with four pillars bridged by arches, enhanced by beautiful surroundings. This spot was a favorite place of recreation for the Rajas and hence was permanently associated with them. It is built on a high level ground with a commanding view of the cliffs and valleys to the west. Early in the morning as the sun is just rising in the east, the mist shrouded valley below offers a rare sight. There is also a Toy Train for children.
References
Tourist attractions in Kodagu district
Gardens in India
The Kougarok (Koo-gah-rok) River (Kuuguraq in Inupiaq, lit. little river) is a river on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Formed by the merger of the two smaller streams Macklin Creek and Washington Creek, the main stem is about long, flowing generally south from near Taylor Airport. It flows into the Kuzitrin River, which flows west into the Imuruk Basin, connected to the bay of Port Clarence on the Bering Sea.
In 1900 the river was reported under the same name as Kugruk River, this was later changed. The river drew gold miners in the early 1900s, though development slowed after World War II. The Nome-Taylor Highway follows the river for much of its course.
See also
List of rivers of Alaska
References
Rivers of Nome Census Area, Alaska
Rivers of the Seward Peninsula
Rivers of Alaska
Rivers of Unorganized Borough, Alaska
The women's handball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics was contested by eight teams divided in two groups, with the top two proceeding to the semifinals and the bottom two proceeding to placement matches.
Qualification
Squads
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Playoffs
Bracket
Semifinals
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Bronze medal game
Gold medal game
Rankings and statistics
References
External links
Handball & Olympic Games 1936-2000, International Handball Federation, pp. 38–39
Barcelona 1996: Handball at marcolympics.org
Handball at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Women's handball in the United States
Olym
1996 in American women's sports
Women's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Komaki Kikuchi (born 22 February 1997) is a Japanese fencer. They won the gold medal in the women's team foil event at the 2018 Asian Games held in Jakarta, Indonesia.
In 2019, they won the gold medal in the women's team foil event at the Asian Fencing Championships held in Chiba, Japan. In the same year, they also competed in the women's foil event at the World Fencing Championships held in Budapest, Hungary. They were eliminated in their first match by Julia Walczyk of Poland.
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Japanese female foil fencers
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games medalists in fencing
Fencers at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Left-handed fencers
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Ralph Connor (1907-1990) was an American chemist.
Connor is best known for their research in organic chemistry, catalysis, synthesis, explosives, and reaction mechanisms. They served as a division chief on the National Defense Research Committee in World War II, and received many honors including the Priestley Medal of the American Chemical Society in 1967, Great Britain's King's Medal for Service in the Cause of Freedom, and the Gold Medal of the American Institute of Chemists, among others.
References
1907 births
1990 deaths
20th-century American chemists
Recipients of the King's Medal for Service in the Cause of Freedom
The Vicarage built in 1889 is an historic house located at 150 Circle Drive, in DeFuniak Springs, Florida in the United States. Also known as McLendon House, it is located next to St. Agatha's Episcopal Church. It is a contributing property in the DeFuniak Springs Historic District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 28, 1992.
Built in 1889, it was one of two identical frame Florida vernacular houses which stood side by side on Circle Drive. Its twin to the left has since been moved to a different location on the drive. It went through a succession of private owners, some of whom used it as a boarding house for visitors to the DeFuniak Springs Chautauqua. St. Agatha's Episcopal Church, built in 1896 to its right, bought it for use as a vicarage in 1977 using funds given by Violet Horn McLendon of Marianna. The second floor serves as the private quarters of the vicar and family, while the first floor rooms and kitchen are shared with the congregation which use them as its parish hall.
See also
DeFuniak Springs Historic District
Review of St. Agatha's by the Mystery Worshiper at the Ship of Fools
References
External links
St. Agatha's Re-Dedication Program
St. Agatha's website
Review of Services at St. Agatha's by the Mystery Worshiper of the Ship of Fools
Buildings and structures in Walton County, Florida
Vernacular architecture in Florida
Clergy houses in the United States
Historic district contributing properties in Florida
National Register of Historic Places in Walton County, Florida
Houses completed in 1889
1889 establishments in Florida
Careers New Zealand (previously Career Services) was a New Zealand Crown agent which offered advice and support to help New Zealanders make decisions about their career. This was done through face-to-face counselling, group counselling sessions, telephone support, web chat, and self-help assistance and information via a website.
On 1 July 2017, the staff and functions of Careers New Zealand were transferred to the Tertiary Education Commission.
References
External links
Careers New Zealand
New Zealand Crown agents
Career advice services
Robert Rogers (after 1650 – 1717) was an Irish politician. They sat in the House of Commons of Ireland as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Cork City from 1692 to 1699.
References
1650 births
Year of birth uncertain
1719 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for Cork City
Irish MPs 1692–1693
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Thomson Peak is a peak situated 11 nautical miles (20 km) southeast of Mount Shute at the extreme south limit of Mirabito Range. Named by the northern party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1963–64, for Robert B. Thomson of New Zealand, scientific leader at Hallett Station, 1960; officer-in-charge at Wilkes Station, 1962; deputy leader at Scott Base, 1963–64.
See also
Red Rock Peak
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
In mathematics, the notion of cylindric algebra, invented by Alfred Tarski, arises naturally in the algebraization of first-order logic with equality. This is comparable to the role Boolean algebras play for propositional logic. Cylindric algebras are Boolean algebras equipped with additional cylindrification operations that model quantification and equality. They differ from polyadic algebras in that the latter do not model equality.
Definition of a cylindric algebra
A cylindric algebra of dimension (where is any ordinal number) is an algebraic structure such that is a Boolean algebra, a unary operator on for every (called a cylindrification), and a distinguished element of for every and (called a diagonal), such that the following hold:
(C1)
(C2)
(C3)
(C4)
(C5)
(C6) If , then
(C7) If , then
Assuming a presentation of first-order logic without function symbols,
the operator models existential quantification over variable in formula while the operator models the equality of variables and . Hence, reformulated using standard logical notations, the axioms read as
(C1)
(C2)
(C3)
(C4)
(C5)
(C6) If is a variable different from both and , then
(C7) If and are different variables, then
Cylindric set algebras
A cylindric set algebra of dimension is an algebraic structure such that is a field of sets, is given by , and is given by . It necessarily validates the axioms C1–C7 of a cylindric algebra, with instead of , instead of , set complement for complement, empty set as 0, as the unit, and instead of . The set X is called the base.
A representation of a cylindric algebra is an isomorphism from that algebra to a cylindric set algebra. Not every cylindric algebra has a representation as a cylindric set algebra. It is easier to connect the semantics of first-order predicate logic with cylindric set algebra. (For more details, see .)
Generalizations
Cylindric algebras have been generalized to the case of many-sorted logic (Caleiro and Gonçalves 2006), which allows for a better modeling of the duality between first-order formulas and terms.
Relation to monadic Boolean algebra
When and are restricted to being only 0, then becomes , the diagonals can be dropped out, and the following theorem of cylindric algebra (Pinter 1973):
turns into the axiom
of monadic Boolean algebra. The axiom (C4) drops out (becomes a tautology). Thus monadic Boolean algebra can be seen as a restriction of cylindric algebra to the one variable case.
See also
Abstract algebraic logic
Lambda calculus and Combinatory logic—other approaches to modelling quantification and eliminating variables
Hyperdoctrines are a categorical formulation of cylindric algebras
Relation algebras (RA)
Polyadic algebra
Cylindrical algebraic decomposition
Notes
References
Leon Henkin, J. Donald Monk, and Alfred Tarski (1971) Cylindric Algebras, Part I. North-Holland. .
Leon Henkin, J. Donald Monk, and Alfred Tarski (1985) Cylindric Algebras, Part II. North-Holland.
Robin Hirsch and Ian Hodkinson (2002) Relation algebras by games Studies in logic and the foundations of mathematics, North-Holland
Further reading
External links
example of cylindrical algebra by CWoo on planetmath.org
Algebraic logic
Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed (also known as Ginger Snaps II or Ginger Snaps: Unleashed) is a 2004 Canadian horror film, written by Megan Martin and directed by Brett Sullivan. It is the second installment in the Ginger Snaps series and sequel to Ginger Snaps (2000), directed by executive producer John Fawcett and written in collaboration with Karen Walton. A prequel, Ginger Snaps Back: The Beginning, was filmed back-to-back with Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed and was also released in 2004.
Plot
Brigitte Fitzgerald uses monkshood extract to fight the effects of lycanthropy that transformed their sister Ginger into a werewolf. Brigitte shaves off excess hair, cuts their arm with a scalpel, and logs the data about their healing ability. Ginger appears as an apparition and warns them that monkshood only slows their transformation progression and is not a cure. After Brigitte injects a second dose of monkshood, they sense the presence of a male werewolf that has been stalking them They quickly pack and open the door, only to find Jeremy, a flirtatious librarian who has brought to their several books they attempted to check out earlier. The second injection causes toxic shock, and Jeremy attempts to bring them to the hospital; however, the male werewolf mauls them to death. Brigitte stumbles down the street and collapses in the snow.
Brigitte wakes in a rehab clinic, from which they unsuccessfully attempt to escape. They plead to be released, but Alice, the clinic's director, refuses; however, Brigitte palms a piece of glass to measure their healing rate. Tyler, a worker at the clinic, offers to trade monkshood for sexual favors, which they decline. As their healing rate accelerates, so does their rate of transformation. Ginger continues to appear, taunting Brigitte as they experience growing cravings for sex and murder, which Ginger also had. During a group therapy session, Brigitte fantasizes about being instructed to lie on the floor and masturbate; a vision of Ginger jolts them back to reality, and their palm is revealed to be covered in hair. Later, depressed, they hold the shard of glass to their throat in front of a mirror, but they do not kill herself.
While at the clinic, a girl named Ghost – the granddaughter of Barbara, a severe burn victim at the hospital – follows the clinical staff, who discuss Brigitte's injections of monkshood, and realizes Brigitte's secret. Ghost slips Brigitte a werewolf comic book and begins to question them about lycanthropy. When Ghost notices that Brigitte's ears have become pointed, Brigitte cuts off the tips. Ghost, now convinced of Brigitte's lycanthropy, attempts to slip Brigitte monkshood, but Tyler prevents it. In despair at their rate of transformation, Brigitte allows Tyler to inject them After the male werewolf tracks Brigitte to the clinic, they and Ghost plan their escape. They crawl through air vents to reach the basement, where they encounter Beth-Ann, an addict who traded sex for drugs. The male werewolf kills and drags away Beth-Ann, and Brigitte is wounded after they fight the werewolf; however, their wounds heal almost instantly.
Ghost drives them to Barbara's house and explains that Barbara fell asleep with their bedtime cigarette. The next morning, Brigitte eats a hunted deer while it is still alive. Brigitte realizes that the effects of lycanthropy are progressing too fast, and with no other choice, the duo arrange a meeting at a gas station with Tyler to procure more monkshood. When Brigitte wanders in the gas station, they discover the attendant has been slain. Brigitte quickly returns to the car to find Tyler arriving, and, when they return to Barbara's house, Tyler administers monkshood to Brigitte, which their body violently rejects. Worried, Tyler calls Alice. Jealous of the attention that Tyler is getting, Ghost tricks Brigitte into thinking that Tyler abused her, causing Brigitte to lock Tyler outside, where the werewolf kills him. Alice arrives, and Ghost attacks them with Barbara's hunting rifle. Alice confronts Ghost about their delusions, and Brigitte, realizing that Barbara is not a smoker, aggressively pins Ghost against the wall and argues with her; they realize that Tyler did not abuse Ghost, and Ghost burnt Barbara.
Alice attempts to take Ghost with her, but retreats to the attic once the werewolf breaks in through a window. Brigitte, whose transformation is almost complete, lures the werewolf into a room. Brigitte stabs them while Ghost distracts the werewolf. The werewolf bites Brigitte, and, as they struggle, they both fall into the basement, where the werewolf is impaled on a booby-trapped mattress. Ghost kills Alice with a hammer, and a weakened Brigitte begs Ghost to kill them before the transformation completes. Instead, Ghost locks them in the basement and illustrates a comic book that depicts themselves as a powerful warrior with a werewolf pet. Ghost narrates that Brigitte is getting stronger and is waiting to be unleashed on their enemies. A doorbell is heard, and Ghost prepares to welcome Barbara home.
Cast
Emily Perkins as Brigitte Fitzgerald
Tatiana Maslany as The Ghost
Eric Johnson as Tyler
Janet Kidder as Alice Severson
Brendan Fletcher as Jeremy
Katharine Isabelle as Ginger Fitzgerald
Susan Adam as Barbara
Chris Fassbender as Luke
Pascale Hutton as Beth-Ann
Michelle Beaudoin as Winnie
David McNally as Marcus
Shaun Johnston as Jack
Patricia Idlette as Dr. Brookner
Release
Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed was released in Canadian theaters on 30 January 2004, and Lionsgate released it on home video in the United States on 13 April 2004.
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 88% of 16 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 6.5/10. Dennis Harvey of Variety wrote that it "keeps most cliches at bay, and actually is less formulaic, even if storytelling and [performances] remain uneven". Liam Lacey of The Globe and Mail wrote: "Though less original and satiric than the original, and more decorated with gore and prank scares, the movie maintains the previous film's mordant tone". Brad Miska of Bloody Disgusting rated it 2.5/5 stars and called it "a major letdown" that "is an enjoyable film, yet nothing to get all psyched about".
Ernest Mathijs, in their book John Fawcett's Ginger Snaps, wrote that the sequel is "more radical and nihilist". They identify the major themes as self-harm, drug addiction, and deconstruction of the themes explored in the first film.
Accolades
References
External links
Ginger Snaps 2 on Ginger-Snaps.com
2004 films
2004 horror films
2004 drama films
2000s teen horror films
Canadian drama films
Canadian teen films
Canadian sequel films
English-language Canadian films
Films shot in Edmonton
Canadian werewolf films
Films set in hospitals
Ginger Snaps films
Lionsgate films
2004 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Andreas is an Old English poem, which tells the story of St. Andrew the Apostle, while commenting on the literary role of the "hero". It is believed to be a translation of a Latin work, which is originally derived from the Greek story The Acts of Andrew and Matthew in the City of Anthropophagi, dated around the 4th century. However, the author of Andreas added the aspect of the Germanic hero to the Greek story to create the poem Andreas, where St. Andrew is depicted as an Old English warrior, fighting against evil forces. This allows Andreas to have both poetic and religious significance.
Origins
Although the author of Andreas is unknown, there are more general theories concerning its origins. Andreas is the first poem in the Vercelli Book, and is followed by a poem entitled The Fates of the Apostles, written by Cynewulf. Since both works have similar subjects, and because of their proximity in the Vercelli book, they were at first thought to be written by the same author. Andreas is often tied to Cynewulf because of its religious theme; although the exact identity of Cynewulf is unknown, all of the proposed identities were religious figures of the late 8th to early 10th centuries. This clearly ties to Andreas''' religious theme, and leads scholars to make a connection between the two. Andreas is included in a group of twelve poems, often referred to as "the Cynewulf group". Still, only four poems are truly attributed to Cynewulf, which are those that are directly marked with runic symbols of their name. Other scholars argue that Andreas may have been written by a disciple of Cynewulf, which would explain the parallels between the two works. However, still other researchers argue that they are different authors because of the drastic differences in the writing style. Some scholars even deduce that Andreas was influenced by Beowulf, as there are many likenesses between the two works in style, language, and theme.
Content
The poem itself is a 1,722 line poems that tells the story of St. Andrew, as they rescue St. Matthew from a cannibalistic race called Mermedonians. Cameron states: "The poem is forceful and is the closest to Beowulf in style and tone among the surviving Old English poems". In this anonymously written tale, St. Andrew defies the hardships that they face, such as turbulent sea and other types of torture and captivity, which mirror the pain and suffering that Christ experienced. The work has religious significance because of the way St. Andrew is loyal to God, and their troops are loyal to them in the poem. This literary allusion helps to give the work religious symbolism, which is characteristic of many works of the time.
The first five hundred lines of the poem tell of St. Andrew's time spent at sea rescuing Matthew, which was their mission from God. Matthew had been blinded and held captive by a troop of cannibals in Mermedonia. Jesus and two angels accompany St. Andrew on the ship, masked as a helmsman and two sailors. As this is a tale of discipleship, St. Andrew, or Andreas preaches to the helmsman about the good news of the Bible and the stories of the life of Christ.  They are unaware of the true identities of their crew as they speak with Christ about Their life. Andreas' followers loyally stay by their side through the turbulent seas. This ties into the alleged Greek influence on Andreas, as some scholars interpret this a "comitatus", which Riedinger defines as "the traditional aristocratic warrior band." Andreas holds loyal faith in God's power to calm the seas, and the ship and the seas begin to settle. Andrew and their men drift off to sleep, and awaken outside Mermedonia. Christ and Their two angels had raised them up and placed them outside the city while they slept. This event allowed St. Andrew to realize their identities.
Then, in epic and heroic style, St. Andrew is made invisible by God for the close of the poem, which allows them to free the imprisoned from Mermedonia. After doing so, they reveal themselves to the enemy and is tortured for three days and nights. Upon praying for forgiveness, God frees and heals Andreas and punishes all of Mermedonia. When the Mermedonians repent and convert, they are restored, and Andreas establishes a Christian church. Andreas is able to sail on after appointing a bishop to watch over the church. This poem has strong religious importance, as many parallels can be drawn between Christ and St. Andrew. Also, this poem encourages repentance and discipleship, which were vital to the growth and well-being of the Catholic Church at the time. The religious significance of Andreas may be the very reason why this text survived, as monks copied it in their manuscripts because of its religious message.
The Andrew legend in Old English prose
The story also appears in a briefer prose version in the Blickling Homilies (no. 19). A somewhat different treatment of the apostle is found in the prose Life'' by Ælfric of Eynsham, who relates Andrew's martyrdom in Achaia.
Notes
Bibliography
Editions
.
.
.
.
.
.
Translations
.
.
.
.
Secondary literature
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Old English poems
In enzymology, an inositol-3-phosphate synthase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-glucose 6-phosphate 1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, D-glucose 6-phosphate, and one product, 1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the class of intramolecular lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 1D-myo-inositol-3-phosphate lyase (isomerizing). Other names in common use include myo-inositol-1-phosphate synthase, D-glucose 6-phosphate cycloaldolase, inositol 1-phosphate synthatase, glucose 6-phosphate cyclase, inositol 1-phosphate synthetase, glucose-6-phosphate inositol monophosphate cycloaldolase, glucocycloaldolase, and 1L-myo-inositol-1-phosphate lyase (isomerizing).
This enzyme participates in streptomycin biosynthesis and inositol phosphate metabolism. It employs one cofactor, NAD+. The reaction this enzyme catalyses represents the first committed step in the production of all inositol-containing compounds, including phospholipids, either directly or by salvage. The enzyme exists in a cytoplasmic form in a wide range of plants, animals, and fungi. It has also been detected in several bacteria and a chloroplast form is observed in alga and higher plants. Inositol phosphates play an important role in signal transduction.
In Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Baker's yeast), the transcriptional regulation of the INO1 gene encoding inositol-3-phosphate synthase has been studied in detail and its expression is sensitive to the availability of phospholipid precursors as well as growth phase. The regulation of the structural gene encoding 1L-myo-inositol-1-phosphate synthase has also been analyzed at the transcriptional level in the aquatic angiosperm, Spirodela polyrrhiza (Giant duckweed) and the halophyte, Mesembryanthemum crystallinum (Common ice plant).
In prokaryotes, myo-D-inositol phosphate synthase was discovered by Bachhawat and Mande in 1999 (reported in Journal of Molecular Biology). The existence of inositol in prokaryotes is not extensive, but the discovery of this enzyme first in Mycobacterium tuberculosis, nucleated activity towards finding its inhibitors.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 12 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , , , , , and .
References
Further reading
Bachhawat N and Mande SC (1999) J. Mol. Biol. Identification of the INO1 gene of Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv reveals a novel class of inositol-1-phosphate synthase enzyme. 291, 531-536.
EC 5.5.1
NADH-dependent enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
Protein families
Pierre Nicole (19 October 1625 – 16 November 1695) was one of the most distinguished of the French Jansenists.
Life
Born in Chartres, they were the son of a provincial barrister, who took in charge their education. Sent to Paris in 1642 to study theology, they soon entered into relations with the Jansenist community at Port-Royal through their aunt, Marie des Anges Suireau, who was for a short time abbess of the convent, and they taught for a while at the Petites écoles de Port-Royal. Some scruple of conscience forbade them to proceed to the priesthood, and they remained throughout life a "clerk in minor orders," although a profound theological scholar. For some years they were a master in the "little school" for boys established at Port Royal, and had the honour of teaching Greek to young Jean Racine, the future poet. But their chief duty was to act, in collaboration with Antoine Arnauld, as general editor of the controversial literature put forth by the Jansenists.
They had a large share in collecting the materials for Pascal's Provincial Letters (1656); in 1658 they translated the Letters into Latin, under the pseudonym of Nicholas Wendrock. In 1662 they coauthored the very successful Port-Royal Logic with Antoine Arnauld, based on a Cartesian reading of Aristotelian logic. In 1664 they themselves began a series of letters, Les Imaginaires, intended to show that the heretical opinions commonly ascribed to the Jansenists really existed only in the imagination of the Jesuits. Their letters being violently attacked by Desmarets de Saint-Sorlin, an erratic minor poet who professed great devotion to the Jesuits, Nicole replied to them in another series of letters, Les Visionnaires (1666). In the course of these they observed that poets and dramatists were no better than "public poisoners." This remark stung Racine to the quick; they turned not only on their old master, but on all Port Royal, in a scathing reply, which—as Boileau told him—did more honour to their head than to their heart.
About the same time Nicole became involved in a controversy about transubstantiation with the Huguenot Claude; out of this grew a massive work, La Perpétuité de la foi de l'Église catholique touchant l'eucharistie (1669), the joint effort of Nicole and Antoine Arnauld. But Nicole's most popular production was their Essais de morale, a series of short discussions on practical Christianity. The first volume was published in 1671, and was followed at irregular intervals by others; altogether the series numbers fourteen volumes. In 1679, on the renewal of the persecution of the Jansenists, Nicole was forced to flee to Belgium in company with Arnauld. But the two soon parted. Nicole was elderly and in poor health; the life of a fugitive was not to their taste, and they complained that they wanted rest. "Rest," answered Arnauld, "when you have eternity to rest in!" In 1683 Nicole made a rather ambiguous peace with the authorities, and was allowed to come back to Paris. There they continued their literary labours up to the last; they were writing a refutation of the new heresy of the Quietists, when death overtook him.
Nicole was one of the most attractive figures of Port Royal. Many stories are told of their quaint absent-mindedness and unreadiness in conversation. Their books are distinguished by exactly opposite qualities; they are neat and orderly to excess. Hence they were exceedingly popular with Mme de Sevigné and readers of their class. No other Jansenist writer, not even Pascal, was so successful in putting the position of Port Royal before the world. And although a modern appetite quails before fourteen volumes on morality, there is much solid sense and practical knowledge of human nature to be found in the Essais de morale. Several abridgments of the work exist, notably a Choix des essais de morale de Nicole, ed. Silvestre de Saci (Paris, 1857). Nicole's life is told at length in the 4th volume of Sainte-Beuve's Port-Royal.
References
Attribution
External links
1625 births
1695 deaths
French religious writers
Jansenists
French logicians
Writers from Chartres
17th-century French writers
17th-century French male writers
French male non-fiction writers
In a civil proceeding or criminal prosecution under the common law or under statute, a defendant may raise a defense (or defence) in an effort to avert civil liability or criminal conviction. A defense is put forward by a party to defeat a suit or action brought against the party, and may be based on legal grounds or on factual claims.
Besides contesting the accuracy of an allegation made against the defendant in the proceeding, the defendant may also make allegations against the prosecutor or plaintiff or raise a defense, arguing that, even if the allegations against the defendant are true, the defendant is nevertheless not liable. Acceptance of a defense by the court completely exonerates the defendant and not merely mitigates the liability.
The defense phase of a trial occurs after the prosecution phase, that is, after the prosecution "rests". Other parts of the defense include the opening and closing arguments and the cross-examination during the prosecution phase.
Since a defense is raised by the defendant in a direct attempt to avoid what would otherwise result in liability, the defendant typically holds the burden of proof. For example, a defendant who is charged with assault may claim provocation, but they would need to prove that the plaintiff had provoked the defendant.
Common law defenses
In common law, a defendant may raise any of the numerous defenses to limit or avoid liability. These include:
Lack of personal or subject matter jurisdiction of the court, such as diplomatic immunity. (In law, this is not a defense as such but an argument that the case should not be heard at all.)
Failure to state a cause of action or other insufficiencies of pleading.
Any of the affirmative defenses.
Defenses conferred by statute – such as a statute of limitations or the statute of frauds.
Ex turpi causa non oritur actio – the action against the defendant arises from an illegality.
Volenti non fit injuria – consent by the victim or plaintiff.
In pari delicto – both sides equally at fault.
Act of God is an unforseable natural phenomenon which involves no human agency due directly to natural causes which cannot be foreseen.
Necessity harm done to prevent a greater evil is not actionable even though the harm was caused intentionally.
Mistake whether of fact or of law is no defence to action.
The law permits use of reasonable force to protect one's person or property. If force is used for self-defence they will not be liable for harm.
Unclean hands.
In addition to defenses against prosecution and liability, a defendant may also raise a defense of justification – such as self-defense and defense of others or defense of property.
In English law, one could raise the argument of a contramandatum, which was an argument that the plaintiff had no cause for complaint.
Strategies
The defense in a homicide case may attempt to present evidence of the victim's character, to try to prove that the victim had a history of violence or of making threats of violence that suggest a violent character. The goal of presenting character evidence about the victim may be to make more plausible a claim of self-defense, or in the hope of accomplishing jury nullification in which a jury acquits a guilty defendant despite its belief that the defendant committed a criminal act.
Costs
Litigation is expensive and often may last for months or years. Parties can finance their litigation and pay for their attorneys' fees or other legal costs in a number of ways. A defendant can pay with their own money, through legal defense funds, or legal financing companies. For example, in the United Kingdom, a defendant's legal fees may be covered by legal aid.
See also
Absolute defense
Lawsuit
Legal defense fund
Legal financing
Self-defense
Atturnato faciendo vel recipiendo
References
External links
Criminal procedure
Civil procedure
Evidence law
Testimony
Eremophila caerulea, commonly known as spotted eremophila, is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a low, compact, spreading shrub with narrow, warty, cylindrical leaves and blue to purple flowers.
Description
Eremophila caerulea is a shrub with dense foliage, many tangled branches and a strong smell of camphor and which grows to a height of and a spread of up to . The leaves are arranged in whorls of 3 or 4 and are usually long and about wide. They are linear in shape and almost circular in cross-section, although there are many raised warty lumps on the surface.
The flowers are borne singly in leaf axils and lack a stalk. There are 5 linear or lance-shaped, green sepals which are long and hairy. The petals are long and joined at their lower end to form a tube. The tube is a shade of blue to purple on the outside and white with purple spots inside and there are scattered hairs on the outside The inside of the tube is filled with spidery hairs and there are hairs on the lowers petal lobe. There are 4 stamens, two of which extend slightly beyond the petals while the other two are enclosed in the petal tube. Flowering mostly occurs from September to November and is followed by fruits which are dry, oblong to almost spherical and are long.
Taxonomy and naming
The species was first formally described by Spencer Moore in 1899 as Pholidia caerulea and the description was published in Journal of the Linnean Society, Botany. In 1904 Ludwig Diels and Ernst Georg Pritzel changed the name to Eremophila caerulea. The specific epithet (caerulea) is a Latin word meaning "dark blue", referring to the colour of the petals.
There are two subspecies:
E. caerulea (S.Moore) Diels subsp. caerulea, which has sparsely hairy leaves and lance-shaped sepals and which occurs between Kalgoorlie, Norseman and Bruce Rock;
E. caerulea subsp. merrallii Chinnock , commonly known as Bruce Rock eremophila, which has densely hairy leaves and linear sepals and which occurs between the Hunt Range, Southern Cross and Bruce Rock.
The epithet merrallii honours Edwin Merrall, a gold prospector, who first collected this plant.
Distribution and habitat
Eremophila caerulea occurs to the west of Kalgoorlie in the Coolgardie biogeographic region where it grows in red sand or stony clay in woodland or mallee on undulating plains.
Conservation status
Eremophila caerulea subsp. caerulea is classified as "not threatened" but Eremophila caerulea subsp. merrallii is classified as "Priority Four" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that is rare but not currently under threat.
Use in horticulture
Its compact form and unusual leaves make this an ideal garden shrub and is popular in many gardens. It is easily propagated from cuttings although these make take up to 3 months to strike, even in warm weather. It will grow in most soils, although more slowly in clay and will grow in full sun or partial shade. It rarely needs pruning and will survive heavy frosts.
References
caerulea
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1899
Endemic flora of Western Australia
