Hysteric Blue was a Japanese rock band formed in Osaka, Japan in 1997 and disbanded in 2004. During the course of their musical career they released a total of 14 singles, five studio albums, one compilation album, three video compilations, one DVD and 16 music videos.
They are known for anime fans as the band who provided the opening theme for the anime series Ghost Stories, the opening theme for Vampiyan Kids and the ending theme of Spiral ~Suiri no Kizuna~.
The band broke up after Guitarist Naoki Akamatsu was convicted of nine counts of rape and sentenced to 14 years of prison. Vocalist Tama and drummer Takuya then started a new band, The Screaming Frogs.
Discography
Singles
RUSH! (1998-10-31)
Haru ~spring~ (春～spring～) (1999-1-21)
Little Trip (1999-5-8)
Naze... (なぜ...) (1999-7-28)
Futari Bocchi (ふたりぼっち) (1999-10-22)
Chokkan Paradise (直感パラダイス) (2000-1-26)
Dear (2000-3-29)
Grow Up (グロウアップ) (2000-10-25)
Daisuki (だいすき) (2000-11-22)
Reset me (2001-8-22)
Frustration Music (フラストレーション ミュージック) (2001-10-24)
Bayside Baby (ベイサイドベイビー) (2002-1-23)
Home Town (2002-11-7)
DOLCE ~Natsuiro Renbo~ (DOLCE～夏色恋慕～) (2003-6-18)
Albums
Baby Blue (1999-4-1)
WALLABY (2000-2-23)
Bleu-Bleu-Bleu (2001-1-24)
MILESTONE (2002-2-20)
JUNCTION (2003-8-6)
Compilations
Historic Blue (2002-11-20)
Video Compilations
Baby Clips 1
Baby Clips 2
Baby Clips 3
DVD
Historic Blue Films
References
Japanese rock music groups
Japanese pop rock music groups
Musical groups from Osaka
Musical groups established in 1997
Musical groups disestablished in 2004
1997 establishments in Japan
2004 disestablishments in Japan
North of a Miracle is the debut solo album by English singer-songwriter Nick Heyward. It was released on 28 October 1983 through Arista Records and spent 10 weeks on the UK Albums Chart, peaking at number 10.
The album produced four UK singles, "Whistle Down the Wind", "Take That Situation", "Blue Hat for a Blue Day" and "On a Sunday".
In the United States, the album peaked in the Billboard 200 at number 178 and remained on the chart for 4 weeks. On the Cash Box album chart, it spent a total of eight weeks, peaking at number 170. The single "Whistle Down the Wind" peaked at No. 20 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart in early 1984 and was selected by director John Hughes for inclusion in the 1984 film Sixteen Candles.
Recording and production
The album was recorded from May to June 1983 at Abbey Road Studios and produced by Geoff Emerick. The original U.S. vinyl pressing significantly altered the running order of the songs, with only 3 songs (1, 2 & 6) maintaining their original positions.
Track listing
U.S. track listing
(Note: all U.S. track timings listed as slightly shorter on original U.S. LP labels – Arista AL 8 8106)
Remastered track listing (2010)
A 2-disc remastered version of the album was released in 2010 on Cherry Red Records.
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.
Nick Heyward – record producer, vocals, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, brass arrangements
Pete Beachill – trombone
Stuart Brooks – flugelhorn, trumpet
Andrew Brown – bass guitar
Paul Buckmaster – string arrangements
Brian Gascoigne – piano
Ian Laws – guitar
Bill Le Sage – piano
Tony Maronie – bongo drum, percussion
Dave Mattacks – drums
Steve Nieve – organ, piano
Pino Palladino – bass guitar
Morris Pert – marimba, percussion
Andrew Powell – conductor, orchestral arrangements
Tim Renwick – electric guitar, acoustic guitar, mandolin
Danny Schogger – accordion, organ, piano
Chris White – saxophone
Production
Geoff Emerick – record producer, engineer
Jon Jacobs – assistant engineer
David Botterell – photography, management
References
External links
1983 debut albums
Nick Heyward albums
Albums arranged by Paul Buckmaster
Arista Records albums
Albums produced by Geoff Emerick
Katherine Blair or Kathryn Blair may refer to:
Katie Blair (born 1987), American model and TV presenter
Kathryn Blair, daughter of former British Prime Minister, Tony Blair
Katherine Blair, character in The Night Flier (film)
Kathryn Blair, pseudonym of Rosalind Brett (author)
James Blake Rogers (July 25, 1915 – April 28, 2000) was an actor. They played Hopalong Cassidy's sidekick in six films. Rogers was also a horse rancher, polo player, and newspaperman. They were the family representative on the Will Rogers Memorial Commission, and worked with the staff at the Will Rogers State Historic Park.
Early years
Rogers was born in New York City on July 25, 1915, the son of Will Rogers and Betty Blake. They had three siblings: Will Jr. (1911–1993), Mary (1913–1989), and Fred (1918–1920). They spent their childhood in Beverly Hills, but moved to a ranch in the late 1920s, and grew to love working with horses. They attended Pomona College, but left in 1935, after their father and pilot Wiley Post died in a plane crash.
Film career
As a child they had parts in four of their father's silent films, and was billed as Jimmy Rogers. They used that stage name in all of their film roles. Rogers was more interested in raising horses, so in the 1930s they and a friend purchased a ranch in Santa Barbara County, but in the early 1940s the U. S. government bought the ranch for a new army base, which later became Vandenberg Air Force Base.
In need of a new occupation they returned to acting. They made three comedy westerns with Noah Beery Jr. at Hal Roach Studios. Rogers then went on to make six Hopalong Cassidy movies with William Boyd, playing a fictional version of himself, a character named Jimmy Rogers.
Later work
During the later part of World War II Rogers joined the Marine Corps and worked as a writer and correspondent. After the war they and their brother Will Rogers Jr. ran The Beverly Hills Citizen, a newspaper that was published between 1955 and 1962.
They appeared in documentaries about their father's life, includingThe Story of Will Rogers, a 1961 episode of the television documentary Project Twenty, which was narrated by Bob Hope, and Will Rogers, a 2001 episode of California's Gold, which aired after Rogers' death.
Rogers was the family representative on the Will Rogers Memorial Commission, and worked with the staff at the Will Rogers State Historic Park. Michelle Lefebvre-Carter, the director of the Memorial Commission stated: "Jim Rogers referred to Will Rogers affectionately as 'Dad' in family matters and 'WR' in reference to the icon."
Rogers owned a California ranch, where they trained horses and operated a riding school. They attended western fan conventions, and talked about their movie career.
Personal life
Rogers married Astrea Kemmler on March 26, 1938, and they had three children – James Kemmler Rogers, Charles Edward Rogers, and Astrea Elizabeth Rogers Brandon. Their first wife died on November 19, 1987. They married Judith Braun on August 31, 1995. Rogers died of cancer on April 28, 2000.
Filmography
1920 Water, Water, Everywhere – uncredited bit role
1920 The Strange Boarder – Billy Gardner
1920 Jes' Call Me Jim – Harry Benedict
1921 Doubling for Romeo – Jimmie Jones
1942 Dudes Are Pretty People – Jimmy
1943 Calaboose – Jimmy
1943 Prairie Chickens – Jimmy
1943 False Colors – Jimmy Rogers
1943 Riders of the Deadline – Jimmy Rogers
1944 Texas Masquerade – Jimmy Rogers
1944 Lumberjack – Jimmy Rogers
1944 Mystery Man – Jimmy Rogers
1944 Forty Thieves – Jimmy Rogers
References
1915 births
2000 deaths
20th-century American male actors
Cherokee Nation artists
Male actors from New York City
Military personnel from New York City
Pomona College alumni
20th-century Native Americans
Deaths from cancer in California
Ge Jianqing (born 22 April 1965) is a Chinese water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Uzee is a given name or surname. Notable people with the name include:
Uzee Brown Jr. (born 1950), American musician
Uzee Usman (born 1986), Nigerian actor and film producer
Philip D. Uzee (1914–2010), American historian and economist
The latissimus dorsi () is a large, flat muscle on the back that stretches to the sides, behind the arm, and is partly covered by the trapezius on the back near the midline. The word latissimus dorsi (plural: latissimi dorsorum) comes from Latin and means "broadest [muscle] of the back", from "latissimus" ()' and "dorsum" (). The pair of muscles are commonly known as "lats", especially among bodybuilders. The latissimus dorsi is the largest muscle in the upper body.
The latissimus dorsi is responsible for extension, adduction, transverse extension also known as horizontal abduction (or horizontal extension), flexion from an extended position, and (medial) internal rotation of the shoulder joint. It also has a synergistic role in extension and lateral flexion of the lumbar spine.
Due to bypassing the scapulothoracic joints and attaching directly to the spine, the actions the latissimi dorsi have on moving the arms can also influence the movement of the scapulae, such as their downward rotation during a pull up.
Structure
Variations
The number of dorsal vertebrae to which it is attached varies from four to eight; the number of costal attachments varies; muscle fibers may or may not reach the crest of the ilium.
A muscle slip, the axillary arch, varying from 7 to 10 cm in length, and from 5 to 15 mm in breadth, occasionally springs from the upper edge of the latissimus dorsi about the middle of the posterior fold of the axilla, and crosses the axilla in front of the axillary vessels and nerves, to join the under surface of the tendon of the pectoralis major, the coracobrachialis, or the fascia over the biceps brachii. This axillary arch crosses the axillary artery, just above the spot usually selected for the application of a ligature, and may mislead a surgeon. It is present in about 7% of the population and may be easily recognized by the transverse direction of its fibers. Guy et al. extensively described this muscular variant using MRI data and positively correlated its presence with symptoms of neurological impingement.
A fibrous slip usually passes from the upper border of the tendon of the Latissimus dorsi, near its insertion, to the long head of the triceps brachii. This is occasionally muscular, and is the representative of the dorsoepitrochlearis brachii of apes. This muscular form is found in ~5% of humans and is sometimes termed the latissimocondyloideus.
The latissimus dorsi crosses the inferior angle of the scapula. A study found that, of 100 cadavers dissected:
43% had "a substantial amount" of muscular fibers in the latissimus dorsi originating from the scapula.
36% had few or no muscular fibers, but a "soft fibrous link" between the scapula and the latissimus dorsi
21% had little or no connecting tissue between the two structures.
Triangles
The lateral margin of the latissimus dorsi is separated below from the obliquus externus abdominis by a small triangular interval, the lumbar triangle of Petit, the base of which is formed by the iliac crest, and its floor by the obliquus internus abdominis.
Another triangle is situated behind the scapula. It is bounded above by the trapezius, below by the latissimus dorsi, and laterally by the vertebral border of the scapula; the floor is partly formed by the rhomboideus major. If the scapula is drawn forward by folding the arms across the chest, and the trunk bent forward, parts of the sixth and seventh ribs and the interspace between them become subcutaneous and available for auscultation. The space is therefore known as the triangle of auscultation.
The latissimus dorsi can be remembered best for insertion as "A Miss Between Two Majors". As the latissimus dorsi inserts into the floor of the intertubercular groove of the humerus it is surrounded by two major muscles. The teres major inserts medially on the medial lip of the intertubercular groove and the pectoralis major inserts laterally onto the lateral lip.
Nerve supply
The latissimus dorsi is innervated by the sixth, seventh, and eighth cervical nerves through the thoracodorsal (long subscapular) nerve. Electromyography suggests that it consists of six groups of muscle fibres that can be independently coordinated by the central nervous system.
Function
The latissimus dorsi assists in depression of the arm with the teres major and pectoralis major. It adducts, extends, and internally rotates the shoulder. When the arms are in a fixed overhead position, the latissimus dorsi pulls the trunk upward and forward.
It has a synergistic role in extension (posterior fibers) and lateral flexion (anterior fibers) of the lumbar spine, and assists as a muscle of both forced expiration (anterior fibers) and an accessory muscle of inspiration (posterior fibers).
Most latissimus dorsi exercises concurrently recruit the teres major, posterior fibres of the deltoid, long head of the triceps brachii, among numerous other stabilizing muscles. Compound exercises for the 'lats' typically involve elbow flexion and tend to recruit the biceps brachii, brachialis, and brachioradialis for this function. Depending on the line of pull, the trapezius muscles can be recruited as well; horizontal pulling motions such as rows recruit both latissimus dorsi and trapezius heavily.
Training
The power/size/strength of this muscle can be trained with a variety of different exercises. Some of these include:
Vertical pulling movements such as pull-downs and pull-ups (including chin-ups)
Horizontal pulling movements such as bent-over row, T-bar row and other rowing exercises
Shoulder extension movements with straight arms such as straight-arm lat pulldowns and Pull-overs
Deadlift
Clinical significance
Tight latissimus dorsi has been shown to be a contributor to chronic shoulder pain and chronic back pain. Because the latissimus dorsi connects the spine to the humerus, tightness in this muscle can manifest as either sub-optimal glenohumeral joint (shoulder) function which leads to chronic pain or tendinitis in the tendinous fasciae connecting the latissimus dorsi to the thoracic and lumbar spine.
The latissimus dorsi is a potential source of muscle for breast reconstruction surgery after mastectomy (e.g. Mannu flap) or to correct pectoral hypoplastic defects such as Poland's syndrome. An absent or hypoplastic latissimus dorsi can be one of the associated symptoms of Poland's syndrome.
Cardiac support
For heart patients with low cardiac output and who are not candidates for cardiac transplantation, a procedure called cardiomyoplasty may support the failing heart. This procedure involves wrapping the latissimus dorsi muscles around the heart and electrostimulating them in synchrony with ventricular systole.
Injury
Injuries to the latissimus dorsi are rare. They occur disproportionately in baseball pitchers. Diagnosis can be achieved by visualization of the muscle and movement testing. MRI of the shoulder girdle will confirm the diagnosis. Muscle belly injuries are treated with rehabilitation while tendon avulsion injuries can be treated surgically, or with rehab. Regardless of treatment, patients tend to return to play without any functional losses.
Additional images
See also
Muscle energy techniques
References
External links
- "Superficial layer of the extrinsic muscles of the back."
Muscles of the upper limb
Shoulder adductors
Shoulder extensors
Shoulder medial rotators
Shoulder flexors
Spine lateral flexors
Centre Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:
Centre Township, St. Joseph County, Indiana
Centre Township, Marion County, Kansas
Centre Township, New Jersey
Centre Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
Centre Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania
Centre Township, a township that existed in Columbia County, Pennsylvania prior to its splitting into North Centre and South Centre Townships
See also
Center Township (disambiguation)
David Mercer (born 4 August 1960 in Edinburgh) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Edinburgh
Scottish male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
The 114th New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 6 to April 30, 1891, during the seventh year of David B. Hill's governorship, in Albany.
Background
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1846, 32 Senators and 128 assemblymen were elected in single-seat districts; senators for a two-year term, assemblymen for a one-year term. The senatorial districts were made up of entire counties, except New York County (seven districts) and Kings County (three districts). The Assembly districts were made up of entire towns, or city wards, forming a contiguous area, all within the same county.
At this time there were two major political parties: the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. In New York City, the Democrats were split into two factions: Tammany Hall and the "County Democracy". The Prohibition Party and the Socialist Labor Party also nominated tickets.
Elections
The New York state election, 1890 was held on November 4. The only statewide elective office up for election was carried by the incumbent Judge of the Court of Appeals Robert Earl, a Democrat who was endorsed by the Republicans. The approximate party strength at this election, as expressed by the vote for Judge of the Court of Appeals, was: Democratic/Republican 927,000; Prohibition 34,000; and Socialist Labor 13,000.
Sessions
The Legislature met for the regular session at the State Capitol in Albany on January 6, 1891; and adjourned on April 30.
William F. Sheehan (D) was elected Speaker with 66 votes against 56 for Milo M. Acker (R).
On January 21, the Legislature elected Governor David B. Hill (D) to succeed William M. Evarts (R) as U.S. Senator from New York, for a six-year term beginning on March 4, 1891. However, Governor Hill remained in office until the end of their term on December 31, 1891, and took their seat in the U.S. Senate only on January 7, 1892.
State Senate
Districts
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Members
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature.
Employees
Clerk: John S. Kenyon
Sergeant-at-Arms: Charles V. Schram
Doorkeeper: Edward R. Gibbons
Stenographer: George H. Thornton
State Assembly
Assemblymen
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature.
Employees
Clerk: Charles R. DeFreest
Clerk for the Committee on Cities: Morris Jacoby
Sergeant-at-Arms: Michael B. Redmond
Doorkeeper: Edward A. Moore
First Assistant Doorkeeper: Lawrence D. Fitzpatrick
Second Assistant Doorkeeper: Kenneth D. L. Nivin
Stenographer: Thomas Hassett
Notes
Sources
The New York Red Book compiled by Edgar L. Murlin (published by James B. Lyon, Albany NY, 1897; see pg. 384f for senate districts; pg. 403 for senators; pg. 410–417 for Assembly districts; and pg. 508f for assemblymen)
Biographical sketches of the members of the Legislature in The Evening Journal Almanac (1891)
THE ASSEMBLY SLATE FIXED in NYT on January 6, 1891
114
1891 in New York (state)
1891 U.S. legislative sessions
Goślinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately south of Miłkowice, west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Kenmore Henderson Hughes (born 6 July 1970) is a retired sprinter from Antigua and Barbuda who competed primarily in the 400 metres. They represented their country at the 1992 Summer Olympics, as well as four World Championships.
Their personal best in the event is 46.83 seconds set in 2001.
Competition record
References
1970 births
Living people
Antigua and Barbuda male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Antigua and Barbuda
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Antigua and Barbuda
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Pan American Games competitors for Antigua and Barbuda
Athletes (track and field) at the 1999 Pan American Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Antigua and Barbuda
Jacob Furth (November 15, 1840 – June 2, 1914) was an Austrian Empire-born American entrepreneur and prominent Seattle banker. They played a key role in consolidating Seattle's electric power and public transportation infrastructure, and was a member of Ohaveth Sholum Congregation, Seattle's first synagogue. Bill Speidel called them "the city's leading citizen for thirty years," adding that Furth "may even have been the most important citizen Seattle ever had."
Clarence Bagley wrote shortly after Furth's death:
Early life
Furth was born in Schwihau, Bohemia (now Švihov, Czech Republic) November 15, 1840, the son of Lazar and Anna (Popper) Furth, Jewish natives of Bohemia. Of their ten sons and two daughters, eight eventually came to America. They attended school to the age of thirteen years, then began a career as a confectioner in Budapest. They decided at sixteen (so says Bagley; other sources say 18) to try their fortune in America and made their way to San Francisco, arriving in 1856.
They had with them letters of introduction to the Schwabacher Brothers, a prominent Jewish pioneer merchant family firm. After their arrival, they used their last ten dollars to get to Nevada City, California, where the Schwabachers had secured them a position. They clerked mornings and evenings in a clothing store, while attending public schools for about six months to improve their English. When the Schwabachers checked on them after six months, their English was already better than theirs.
They were rapidly promoted, and at the end of three years they were receiving a salary of $US300 per month. They lived frugally, and invested some of their money in a quicksilver mine. By the time the Nevada City store burned in 1862, they had saved enough to open their own clothing and dry-goods store in Shingle Springs, California. Eight years later, in 1870, they moved Colusa, California, where they bought into a general mercantile store. The Schwabachers offered them financing, but they told them they had already saved enough to do this on their own. Shortly after their arrival in Colusa, they became Freemason and eventually became master of their lodge. (He would remain a Mason in Seattle.) In 1878, they were able to buy out the older partners in the store, which they owned and operated until 1882.
Banking and financial positions
In 1882, health problems took Furth to the Puget Sound region in Washington. There, in cooperation with the Schwabachers they helped organize the Puget Sound National Bank with a capital of fifty thousand dollars, and took charge as its cashier. Former Seattle mayor Bailey Gatzert, another Schwabacher associate, was the original bank president. The bank officially opened for business in August 1883. For several months, Furth was the bank's only employee and its only officer in Seattle.
Puget Sound National Bank succeeded and prospered; at all times the earnings of the bank were sufficient to increase the capital stock as needed. In 1893 they became bank president, a role they held until their bank's consolidation with the Seattle National Bank in 1910, after which they became chairperson of the board of directors of the latter. Bagley writes, "He became recognized as one of the foremost factors in banking circles in the northwest, thoroughly conversant with every phase of the business and capable of solving many intricate and complex financial problems."
Besides the Puget Sound National Bank, they organized the First National Bank of Snohomish in 1896 and remained one of its stockholders and directors the rest of their life. They also founded or co-founded several other Washington State banks, including the Kitsap County Bank in Port Orchard, Washington (1908), still active today as the Kitsap Bank. In 1884 they organized the California Land & Stock Company, owning a farm in Lincoln County, Washington, one of the state's largest. Most of the farm was used to raise wheat; it also pastured cattle and horses. This was another company of which Furth would continue as president until their death. They also invested in property, including Seattle real estate and Pacific Northwest timber lands.
Further, Furth became increasingly involved in the building and management of urban and interurban electric railway systems. In 1900, backed by Stone & Webster they became president of the Seattle Electric Company (later Puget Power, merged in 1997 into Puget Sound Energy), which in 1916 operated more than of track. They aided in organizing and became the president of the Puget Sound Electric Railway in 1902, controlling the line between Seattle and Tacoma, Washington and also owning the street railways in Tacoma and most other Puget Sound cities and towns. They were also president of Seattle's Vulcan Iron Works, which they organized in 1887. One of Seattle's first major industrial operations, it covered an entire Seattle city block at Fifth Avenue and Lane Street in what is now the International District, Seattle's Chinatown.
Public-minded dealmaker
In eulogizing Furth, Judge Thomas Burke said of him,
Some seventy years later, Bill Speidel was more succinct: "All Jacob Furth did was take a squalid little village named Seattle and turn it into a world class city. They made good on Doc Maynard's dream."
Shortly after their arrival in Seattle, Furth (along with Gatzert and Seattle Post-Intelligencer founder John Leary) rescued the Spring Hill Water system from bankruptcy. The privately owned firm supplied the city's water. A new pumping station on Lake Washington in what is now the Mount Baker neighborhood made the system viable, doubling its previous capacity. Although the deal was initially viewed largely as a matter of public service, Furth's financial acumen resulted in a profit. After the Great Seattle Fire of June 6, 1889, which the Spring Hill system failed to put out, Furth broke with most of the city's business interests to back city engineer R. H. Thomson's proposal for a municipally owned gravity-flow system. J.J. McGilvra was the only other member of the Seattle establishment to take this side in the fight.
Furth assembled $150 million in bank loans after the Great Seattle Fire, and promised that their bank would make no effort to profit from the fire. In the Panic of 1893, they dissuaded the directors of their Seattle National Bank from calling in all loans. "What you propose," they said, "may be good banking, but it is not human." A rapid trip to New York City secured enough capital to buy control of the bank and weather the crisis.
Financing of shipping and railroads
Shortly after the Great Seattle Fire, Furth financed seaman Joshua Green in acquiring their first vessel, the Fannie Lake (or Fanny Lake); Green would eventually consolidate the Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet and center it at Seattle, a major factor in Seattle's rise to regional preeminence, and later became a banker himself. Furth arranged financing for Green's first shipping firm, the La Conner Trading and Transportation Company, as well as another successful steamboat line, the Anderson Steamboat Company.
Furth worked with both the E.H. Harriman and James J. Hill interests to bring their respective railroads to Seattle, finally bringing Seattle the transcontinental rail connection it had sought for decades.
Stone & Webster
Furth's work with Stone & Webster—to consolidate the city's public transportation system and to consolidate and develop electrical power sources to power them—was more controversial. In the 1890s, Seattle had fourteen independent streetcar and cable car lines; all but J.J. McGilvra's line on Madison Street eventually failed financially, most of them in the wake of the Panic of 1893. Most of them survived only by funding operations out of what should have been maintenance capital. Working with Stone & Webster, Furth stitched together a single system, the Seattle Electric Company and—under pressure from the Seattle City Council, in order to gain the franchise—established a flat fare, initially 5 cents including transfers (previously, a single trip could have cost as much as 40 cents). In 1902, this was expanded with Interurbans to Tacoma and Renton.
However, in contrast to the post-Fire investment that had so clearly been for the common good of the city, Seattle Electric was a for-profit, private undertaking, owned largely by East Coast interests. This put Furth in direct conflict with the advocates of local public ownership. Furthermore, the consolidation of the streetcar lines did not solve the maintenance issues, with "overcrowding, erratic service, accidents, [and] open cars even in winter" remaining common.
The City of Seattle had been involved in municipal power generation since the 1890 creation of the Department of Lighting and Water Works. The 1902 election saw strong populist support for public power, leading to the establishment of Seattle City Light and the city's involvement in hydroelectricity. For the next half-century, Seattle would be variously served by municipal electricity and by Seattle Electric and its successors, until the city bought out its private competitor in 1951.
Lou Graham connection
According to Bill Speidel, brothel-owner Lou Graham was effectively Furth's silent partner from their 1888 arrival in Seattle until their death in 1903. They provided the banking, real estate, and political connections they required to establish the city's leading parlor house; when people came to them seeking a loan, and they thought their idea was good but that he'd never get it past their board of directors, they referred them to Graham for an informal, high-interest loan. They may have been instrumental in saving Puget Sound National Bank from a bank run during the Panic of 1893, by ostentatiously making a large deposit. When they died, a Puget Sound National Bank employee became administrator of their estate.
The Schricker scandal
Toward the end of their life, Furth's reputation was somewhat tarnished by a scandal related to a bank in La Conner, Washington, although Furth was posthumously acquitted of all culpability.
W.E. Schricker's private bank in La Conner failed in 1912 with $378,766.91 in debts and less than $200,000 in assets. Schricker blamed Furth and other officers of Furth's bank; Furth was arrested, lampooned in the press, and convicted by a jury on April 18, 1913, and fined $10,000. Schricker accused Furth of recommending that they continue to take deposits even after they knew their bank was in trouble. The prosecutor amplified this with a charge that Furth had done so to keep Schricker's bank going just long enough to pay notes due to Furth's bank, thereby harming other depositors. However, Furth was unaware that Schricker had made $348,554.83 in self-dealing loans to the Fidalgo Lumber Company of Anacortes, Washington, of which Schricker was a partner. In other words, most of the bank's debts could be accounted for by Schricker's failure to collect from himself.
The conviction was completely overturned on appeal, December 18, 1914, but by that time Furth was not alive to see their reputation cleared.
Civic associations and public office
Among other associations, Furth was a member of Seattle's prestigious Rainier Club and the Seattle Chamber of Commerce. They were a two-term president of the Chamber. They served as a Republican on the Seattle City Council from 1885 until 1891. In 1901 they were the key organizer of Seattle's anti-union Citizens' Alliance.
They also played a key role in fundraising for the Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Exposition.
Marriage and family
In California, in 1865, Furth married Lucy (or Lucia) A. Dunton, a native of Indiana from what Lee Micklin characterizes as "an early American family"; they eventually had three daughters: Jane E., Anna F., and Sidonia. In 1884, Lucy Furth, along with Babette Gatzert (wife of Bailey Gatzert, and themselves born a member of the Schwabacher family) founded the Ladies Relief Society (now Seattle Children's Home). It was Seattle's first charity.
Although they married a Gentile, Furth remained a practicing Jew. They belonged to the "quasi-reform" Ohaveth Sholum Congregation, Seattle's first synagogue, and later to the Reform Temple de Hirsch, one of the congregations that merged into the present-day Temple de Hirsch-Sinai.
Furth's daughter Jane married E.L. Terry. Anna married Frederick K. Struve, a Seattle financier and son of Seattle mayor Henry G. Struve. Their daughter Sidonia married a U.S. Army colonel named Wetherill; the Wetherills inherited the Furth family summer estate at Yarrow Point on the east shore of Lake Washington. The bulk of this estate, was deeded to the towns of Yarrow Point and Hunts Point as the Wetherill Nature Preserve on July 4, 1988.
References
1840 births
1914 deaths
People from Švihov (Klatovy District)
American bankers
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Seattle City Council members
Washington (state) Republicans
American people of Czech-Jewish descent
19th-century American politicians
People from Colusa, California
People from King County, Washington
19th-century American businesspeople
Arthur John "A.J." Bliss (1862–1931) was a British iris breeder who is credited with greatly improving the genetics of many modern strains, especially those descending from their Dominion cultivar.
Early life and education
Arthur John Bliss was the eldest son of Rev. William Bliss of Oxford. They were educated at Stonyhurst. They earned their living as a mining engineer in New Zealand (1881-89) and then in South Africa, retiring early due to ill health.
Career
Bliss began breeding irises in about 1902, when they were living in Kent. A decade later they moved to Morwellham Quay in Devon—probably because a brother lived there—and grew their irises on an allotment. They also bred gladiolus and daffodils, but they are best known for their irises.
Bliss kept meticulous records of their breeding program, recording details on every cross from 1902 on. They believed that knowledge of genetics, careful selection, and long-term planning were the keys to success and kept only a fraction of the seedlings they grew. Writing in 1925, Robert Sturtevant noted: “Mr Bliss started with a scientific study of the origins of the common squalens, neglecta, and amoena types and this led on to the creation of garden varieties by carefully planned breeding experiments. To anyone at all familiar with the vagaries of Iris genetics the results obtained from commonplace parents by their ‘progress breeding' place them above all other breeders who may, somewhat by chance, produce an occasional fine variety.”
Bliss didn't succeed with two of their major objectives—breeding a crimson iris and a plicata (or stippled iris) with a golden ground—but their efforts moved iris genetics significantly forwards. One of their most famous cultivars, Dominion, came along at a moment when they were occupied with the search for crimson and they did not at first notice it. The deep purple, large-flowered Dominion was actually brought to their attention by their young niece Phyllis Bliss, who served as their informal assistant. It was introduced in 1917 by nurseryman R.W. Wallace, who thought so highly of it that they asked 20 times the usual price. Despite its poor growth habits, Dominion "precipitated...a flood of introductions...in the decade 1920 to 1930”, according to John Caspar Wister, and it has been said that without Bliss and Dominion, modern irises would not exist. Iris breeder Ethel Anson Peckham considered them among the three greatest iris breeders, along with William Rickatson Dykes and Michael Foster. Dominion is still part of the ancestry of many newer cultivars, as are three of its descendants bred by Bliss: Cardinal, Bruno, and Grace Sturtevant, the latter a dark bronze cultivar named after an American iris breeder. Collectively, they are known as the Dominion race.
In all, Bliss introduced more than 150 iris cultivars, winning many awards along the way. For their achievements, they were awarded the British Iris Society's Foster Memorial Plaque in 1930.
Deaf from an early age, Bliss tended to keep to himself, focusing their life almost entirely around their iris breeding. They were respected and liked by those who knew him, and they corresponded with many of the notable plant breeders of the day. They also wrote for gardening magazines and championed the founding of iris societies both in England and in America. They had begun preliminary work on a book about iris, daffodil, and gladiolus breeding when they died, of pneumonia, in 1931.
Legacy
In 2008, a collection of Bliss irises assembled by Phyllis Bliss's relative, Anne Milner, was designated a National Collection by the National Council for the Conservation of Plants and Gardens.
References
1862 births
1931 deaths
British horticulturists
Sylvia Li-chun Lin (Shanhua, Tainan, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese-born Chinese–English translator and a former associate professor of Chinese Literature at the University of Colorado Boulder and the University of Notre Dame. They have translated over a dozen novels with their husband Howard Goldblatt.
Awards
Liang Shih-chiu Literary Translation Prize
2000 – National Translation Award for translation of Notes of a Desolate Man by Chu T'ien-wen
2011 – Man Asian Literary Prize for Three Sisters by Bi Feiyu
Works
Translations
Academic
Push Open the Door: Poetry from Contemporary China. Copper Canyon Press 2011. .
(co-edited with Tze-lan D. Sang)
References
Sources
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Writers from Tainan
Chinese–English translators
Tamkang University alumni
St. John's University (New York City) alumni
University of Oregon alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Notre Dame faculty
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
Taiwanese emigrants to the United States
Literary translators
Taiwanese translators
20th-century Taiwanese writers
20th-century Taiwanese women writers
21st-century Taiwanese writers
21st-century Taiwanese women writers
Guilalo (also spelled gilalo, jilalo, bilalo, or guilálas), were large native sailing outrigger ships of the Tagalog people in the Philippines. They were common vessels in Manila Bay in the 18th and 19th centuries. They were easily identifiable by their two large settee sails made with woven fiber. They were steered by a central rudder and can be rowed with round-bladed oars.
They ferried passengers and trade goods (like dried fish and fruits) between Manila and Cavite. They were also used in the Batangas region.
They were also sometimes referred to as tafurea (or tarida) in Spanish, due to their similarity in appearance to the Medieval European tafurea, a flat-bottomed sailing ship used to transport horses. They are also sometimes known as "panco", a Spanish general term for bangka.
See also
Balación
Balangay
Casco (barge)
Garay (ship)
Karakoa
Paraw
Salambaw
Lepa (ship)
References
Indigenous ships of the Philippines
Milagrosa (formerly named Tulo) is an industrialized barangay located on the south edge of the city of Calamba, Laguna, Philippines. The barangay's name was changed from Tulo to Milagrosa through a plebiscite held on 3 December 2011. It houses various housing projects by Pag-Ibig such as in Barangay Barandal, Palo Alto, Majada-Labas and Canlubang.
Geography
Neighboring Barangays:
West - Punta, Kay-Anlog
East - La Mesa, Maunong, Saimisim
South - Makiling
North - Turbina
Population
Establishments
AXEIA - Is a group of companies for housing. AXEIA development corporation and basic housing or Asiatic land .It is located at Barangay Milagrosa, Calamba City, Laguna.
National University Laguna - is the first NU university outside of Metro Manila, Its situated at Bo. Milagrosa (Tulo), Calamba City, Laguna.
References
External links
Official Website of the Provincial Government of Laguna
Barangays of Calamba, Laguna
Lawrence Maxwell Jr. (1853–1927) was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 8th Solicitor General of the United States.
Biography
Lawrence Maxwell Jr. was born in Glasgow, Scotland on May 4, 1853. After immigrating to America, Maxwell graduated from the University of Michigan in 1874. In addition, they received an honorary masters and law degree from the university, in 1893 and 1904, respectively. In 1875, Maxwell graduated from Cincinnati Law School and was admitted to the bar. Following their admission, they practiced law in Cincinnati up until March 30, 1893, when they were appointed by President Cleveland to serve as Solicitor General.
After serving as Solicitor General from March 1893 until January 1895, Maxwell worked as a law professor at Cincinnati Law School from 1896-1912. They also aided the University of Michigan as a non-resident lecturer in the law department from 1909 to 1916.
Maxwell's other endeavors included serving as chairperson of the bar committee on revision of the equity rules of the Supreme Court in 1911, and chairperson of the American Bar Association's Section of Legal Education and Admission to the Bar, 1904-1905. They served as a member of the general council for the Alumni Association University of Michigan, president of the Cincinnati Alumni Association University of Michigan, president of the Cincinnati Musical Festival Association, and was honored in 1912 by the University of Michigan as commemoration orator at the 75th anniversary of the university's founding.
Lawrence married Clara Barry Darrow on December 27, 1876, with whom they raised two daughters, Mrs. Majorie Graydon and Mrs. Jean Schmidlapp. They made their residence in Cincinnati, where they died on February 18, 1927, aged 73.
References
External links
1853 births
1927 deaths
Ohio lawyers
Scottish emigrants to the United States
United States Solicitors General
University of Michigan faculty
University of Michigan alumni
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
19th-century American lawyers
The BM-14 (BM for Boyevaya Mashina, 'combat vehicle'), is a Soviet-made 140mm multiple launch rocket system (MLRS), normally mounted on a truck.
The BM-14 can fire 140 mm M-14 rockets with a high-explosive fragmentation warhead, a smoke warhead or a chemical warhead. It is similar to the BM-13 "Katyusha" and was partly replaced in service by the 122 mm BM-21 Grad.
Launchers were built in 16 and 17-round variants. The rockets have a maximum range of .
The weapon is not accurate as there is no guidance system, but it is extremely effective in saturation fire.
Variants
BM-14 (8U32) - 16-round model (two rows of 8), launcher mounted on the ZIS-151 truck. Entered service in 1952. Also known as BM-14-16.
BM-14M (2B2) - modified model, mounted on the ZIL-157.
BM-14MM (2B2R) - final upgrade, mounted on the ZIL-131.
BM-14-17 (8U35) - 17-round (8+9 launch tubes) launcher, mounted on the GAZ-63A. Developed in 1959. This launcher was also used on naval vessels, for example Project 1204 patrol boats.
BM-14-17M (8U35M) - modified model, mounted on the GAZ-66.
RPU-14 (8U38) - towed 16-round version, based on the carriage of the 85mm gun D-44 and used by Soviet Airborne Troops, where it was replaced by the 122mm BM-21V "Grad-V".
Ammunition
The BM-14 launcher and its variants can fire 140mm rockets of the M-14-series (also called Soviet-made M14 artillery rockets). They have a minimum range of and a maximum range of . The M-14 series consist of three known types:
M-14-OF - an M-14 rocket with a high-explosive fragmentation warhead containing of TNT.
M-14-D - an M-14 rocket with a smoke warhead containing white phosphorus.
M-14-S - an M-14 rocket with a chemical warhead containing of sarin.
Use
During the Syrian Civil War, a rocket engine from a 140 mm M-14-series rocket was identified on 26 August 2013 by the U.N. fact-finding mission in the Muadamiyat al-Sham district southwest of Damascus, allegedly originating from the chemical attack on Western Ghouta on 21 August 2013.
The rockets nozzle assembly had 10 jet nozzles ordered evenly in a circle with an electrical contact plate in the middle. The bottom ring of the rocket engine had the lot number "Г ИШ 4 25 - 6 7 - 179 К" engraved, which means it was produced in 1967 by factory 179 (Sibselmash plant in Novosibirsk). However, no warhead was observed at the impact site and none of the 13 environmental samples taken in the Western Ghouta area tested positive for sarin, although three had "degradation and/or by-products" possibly originating from sarin. On 18 September, the Russian Presidential Chief of Staff Sergei Ivanov commented on the U.N. missions findings. They said "these rockets were supplied to dozens of countries", but that "the Soviet Union never supplied warheads with sarin to anyone". Another type of rockets was used in the Eastern Ghouta attack.
Operators
Current operators
- 48 BM-14/16
- A number destroyed during the Angolan Civil War.
- 20 BM-14-16
- 32
- Indonesian Marine Corps (Korps Marinir) operates 36 BM-14/17 launchers. Replaced by RM-70 Grad in 2003.
- 50 BM-13, BM-14.
- 200 BM-14
- 200 BM-14 purchased in 1967. Still in service
- fielded during the Vietnam War from 1967
-30
Former operators
- Passed on to successor states in 1991.
- retired
Similar designs
The Type 63 130mm multiple rocket launcher (not to be confused with the towed Type 63 of 107mm) is the Chinese version of the BM-14-17. It has a slightly smaller calibre but is fitted with 19 instead of 17 launch tubes. The Type 63 MRL is based on the Nanjing NJ-230 or 230A 4x4 truck, a licence-produced version of the Soviet GAZ-63/63A.
The WP-8z () was a Polish towed rocket launcher that was developed in 1960. The weapon was subsequently produced between 1964 and 1965. It fired the same rockets as the RPU-14 but had only 8 launch tubes. The main operator was the 6th Pomeranian Airborne Division (). with 12-18 WP-8s in its inventory.
See also
BM-12 multiple rocket launcher
Katyusha World War II multiple rocket launchers (BM-13, BM-8, and BM-31)
M16 (rocket), U.S. 4.5 inch multiple rocket launcher
BM-21 Grad 122 mm multiple rocket launcher
BM-27 Uragan 220 mm multiple rocket launcher
References
External links
Use of BM-14 by the Taliban
Description of BM-14
Use of BM-14 by Cuban Armed Forces
Range and Payload
Algerian use of BM-14 as of 1993
Walk-around of Type 63 130mm MRL
Bibliography
Cold War artillery of the Soviet Union
Multiple rocket launchers of the Soviet Union
Chemical weapon delivery systems
Military equipment introduced in the 1950s
Vrij or De Vrij may refer to:
Aldert Vrij, Dutch psychologist
Dick Vrij, Dutch mixed martial artist
James Vrij (born 1951), Dutch boxer
Stefan de Vrij (born 1992), Dutch footballer
See also
Vrij Nederland, a Dutch magazine
Het Vrije Woord (disambiguation), two Dutch-language newspapers
Fort Bourtange () is a fort in the village of Bourtange, Groningen, Netherlands. It was built under orders of William the Silent and completed in 1593. Its original purpose was to control the only road between Germany and the city of Groningen, which was controlled by the Spaniards during the time of the Eighty Years' War.
After experiencing its final battle in 1672, the fort continued to serve in the defensive network on the German border until it was finally given up in 1851 and converted into a village. Fort Bourtange currently serves as a historical museum.
History
At the start of the Eighty Years' War (1568–1648), the Spaniards had control over Groningen and the passage to Germany through a marshy area. William, the instigator of the Dutch Revolt, deemed it necessary to seize control of the link between Groningen and Germany. They decided to have a fortification built in the Bourtange passage. A fort was completed in 1593, with a network of canals and lakes which were used as moats. Soon after its construction, Spanish forces from Groningen besieged it, though the attack ended in failure.
Fort Bourtange faced another siege in 1672 against invading forces of the Prince-Bishop of Münster, France's German ally in the Franco-Dutch War. After capturing 18 cities and towns in the northern Netherlands, they demanded that the fort be surrendered. The fort's governor, Captain Protts, refused, and the Münsters replied with a frontal assault. Thanks to the surrounding marshes and the time-tested fortifications, the invading army was repelled successfully.
After its conversion into a village in 1851, living conditions began to deteriorate. Over 100 years later in 1960, the local government decided to stop the decline by restoring the old fort to its 1740–50 appearance and converting into a historical museum.
Gallery
Footnotes
References
George Sale, George Psalmanazar, Archibald Bower and several others, A Universal History, From the Earliest Accounts to the Present Time, Vol. 45, 1779
External links
Official site
Buildings and structures in Groningen (province)
Forts in the Netherlands
Military and war museums in the Netherlands
Museums in Groningen (province)
Open-air museums in the Netherlands
Star forts
Westerwolde (municipality)
Articles containing video clips
Military installations closed in 1851
1593 establishments in the Dutch Republic
1851 disestablishments in the Netherlands
Museums established in 1860
Linda Jackson (born 15 September 1950) is a pioneer Australian fashion designer, fashion retailer and artist.
Biography
Jackson was born in Melbourne bay side suburb of Beaumaris. Them parents were ballroom dancers and encouraged their creative instincts.She studied fashion and design at the Emily McPherson College (now part of RMIT), and photography in Melbourne. In 1966 they left to travel in Asia and Europe. They regarded these travels as their "university of life". They travelled through Papua New Guinea, Asia and onto Europe and England. Jackson returned to Sydney in 1972 after working as a dressmaker in London. They visited workshops and collecting the fashions of Parisian couturiers, studying how to cut on the bias, drape and other intricacies of hand-made clothing such as hand-rolled silk hems. Them favourites were Vionnet and Paul Poiret. Jackson favoured quality fabrics such as tafetta, crepe de chine, chiffon and silk georgette.
After meeting designer Jenny Kee in 1973 at an exhibition opening at the Bonython Gallery in Sydney, they established a business partnership and opened Flamingo Park Frock Salon, a boutique in The Strand Arcade, Sydney in 1973. They remained partners with Kee until 1982 when Jackson created the Bush Couture and Bush Kids labels.
This period also saw Jackson collaborate with artists Bruce Gould, Deborah Leser, David McDiarmid and Peter Tully, who hand-painted fabrics for Jackson's dresses and provided jewellery to complement them outfits.
In 1989 Jackson was back in the spotlight, designing an accessory range for Oroton which incorporated the Australian designs they had so favoured while designing for Flamingo Park: the desert pea, waratah, gum leaves, scribbly gum and birds in the bush. In the foreword to their book Linda Jackson: The Art of Fashion, June McCallum, then editor-in-chief of Vogue, summed up Jackson's clothes as 'wonderfully witty, beautiful pieces that are imaginative, inventive and exciting to wear."
In the 1990s Jackson relocated to Arnhem Land living and working with Aboriginal communities. They spent time in Queensland with the artists of the Mossman Gorge, creating hand-painted silk scarves. Jackson also exhibited regularly as a painter and photographer.
In 2019, the Powerhouse Museum staged an extensive survey of the work of Jackson and former collaborator Jenny Kee. The work included in the exhibition was drawn from the collection of the Powerhouse Museum, as well as works from the personal collections of both Jackson and Kee. Jackson said of their creative partnership:
"We have tried to capture the pride we felt for Australia when we returned in the 1970s and the way its unique environment has inspired us over the years. Jenny and I have always shared a love for colour, vibrancy, flora, fauna and the bush, and we've aimed to bring this to life in our designs."
Selected exhibitions
1989: Australian Fashion: the Contemporary Art Victoria and Albert Museum, London, Korea and Japan
2012: Bush Couture, National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne
2019: Step Into Paradise, Powerhouse Museum, Sydney; with Jenny Kee
Awards and recognition
1977: Fashion Industry of Australia Lyre Bird Awards (Innovators category); joint winner with Jenny Kee
2018: Officer of the Order of Australia for services to the Australian fashion industry
Influences
Jackson was influenced in the late 1960s and 1970s by designer Peter Tully, artist activist David McDiarmid and fashion designer Clarence Chai. Later they were influenced by their experience of the Australian outback and the work of indigenous Australian artists, traditional textiles of Papua New Guinea and the traditional beading of Kenya.
Further reading
Linda Jackson: The Art of Fashion. Jackson, Linda, Sydney George Robertson. .
References
External links
Cyber Fibres
1950 births
Living people
Australian fashion designers
Women fashion designers
Australian women company founders
Australian company founders
Officers of the Order of Australia
Australian women artists
Trematocephalus is a genus of sheet weavers first described by Friedrich Dahl in 1886.
Species
, it contains only four species:
Trematocephalus cristatus (Wider, 1834) — Palearctic. "A striking red and blue-black money spider with a hole straight through its head."
Trematocephalus obscurus Denis, 1950 — France
Trematocephalus simplex Simon, 1894 — Sri Lanka
Trematocephalus tripunctatus Simon, 1894 — Sri Lanka
References
Linyphiidae
Araneomorphae genera
Spiders of Asia
Palearctic spiders
Taxa named by Friedrich Dahl
Linganore High School is an American high school in Frederick County, Maryland. It serves the eastern portion of Frederick County. The school's mascot is the Lancer and its colors are red and black.
History
Opened in 1962, Linganore High School Junior-Senior High School was built to serve the eastern section of Frederick County, including New Market, Libertytown, Mount Pleasant, Kemptown, Johnsville, Monrovia and Bartonsville. The first class graduated in 1963. For nearly 20 years, Linganore served students in grades 7–12. Eventually middle schools were opened to serve students in grades 6–8 and Linganore then became Linganore High School, educating students in grades 9–12. In its lifetime, the original school building had three additions, first in 1972 and again in 1983 and 1985.
The original building closed in June 2008 and was demolished for a new Linganore High School to be built on the site. During the two years the replacement building was being constructed, Linganore High School operated as the first school in the building that is now Oakdale High School. The project cost approximately $73 million, including demolition of the original building and furnishing of the new building. The architect for the new Linganore was Grimm + Parker. Oak Construction was the builder.
The new Linganore High School was dedicated on August 12, 2010, and opened for the first day of the 2010–2011 school year on August 23, 2010. The new Linganore building was built for 1,600 students, which triggered a redistricting of students in Frederick County.
The new building included updated construction features not present in the original building. Light and motion sensors are used to control lights throughout the building, Permeable paving on some exterior walkways reduces rainfall runoff. A magnetic chiller, part of the air conditioning system, lowers maintenance needed. The new Linganore High School has many skylights and windows, increasing natural light that can be directed indoors. Eight full-size computer labs, some of which are tiered, provide opportunities for students to use software and online resources for research and classroom activities. Additional subject-specific labs provide opportunities to use specialized software. Interactive electronic "Promethean Boards" were installed in nearly all classrooms; they serve as projectors for computers and can be used in a chalk-chalkboard manner. When it was built, it was the most state-of-the-art school in Frederick County.
Academics
Linganore is noted for its wide selection of Advanced Placement (AP) courses, as well as a high pass rate for those who choose to take AP exams. A course guide for Frederick County Public Schools (FCPS) can be found at fcps.org. The school offers AM and PM Career and Technology Center classes. Project Lead the Way and college-level technology courses are offered at LHS.
In 2014, Linganore graduates were awarded $11.4 million in scholarship money. In 2015, graduates gained $7.5 million in scholarships.
Athletics
Linganore is home to many sports teams, many of which have won state championships.
Student life
Linganore High School Marching Band
The award-winning Linganore High School “Lancer” Marching Band is from Frederick, Maryland, and celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2012.
The performing arts program has won over a dozen Maryland state championships in percussion ensemble, indoor guard, marching band, and music technology. In 2015, the band performed in Washington, D.C. at the National World War II memorial to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of the war. Speakers included Commander Jack Raquepau and Elinor Otto, known as the last "Rosie the Riveter."
Publications
The school paper is The Lance, distributed to students free of charge.
The Talisman, Linganore's yearbook, is published by the members of the publications class. The school has every Tailsman in the school's archives in the library, along with scrapbooks alumni have donated.
Beginning in 2013, Linganore converted its morning announcements into a student-run broadcast show. Episodes of The Morning Announcements are roughly five minutes long, up to 15 minutes if there is a special event, like student government elections.
Navy Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps
In 2015, the United States Department of the Navy moved the Linganore High School Navy Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps (NJROTC) unit to Governor Thomas Johnson High School. The program was at Linganore between 2003 and 2015 but was moved to be in a central location due to low enrollment.
Demographics
These demographics are not current. The numbers represented are from the 2012-2013 school year.
White: 1,434
African American: 30
Native American: 12
Asian: 23
Hawaiian/Pacific Islander: fewer than 10
Hispanic: 90
Two or more races: 68
Notable alumni
Joe Alexander (born 1986) - American-Israeli basketball player in the Israel Basketball Premier League
Shannon Breen – American football player
Cara Consuegra – college basketball coach at UNC-Charlotte
Shawn Hatosy – actor
Rob Havenstein – American football offensive tackle for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League
Linda Singh – commander of the Maryland National Guard
References
Educational institutions established in 1962
Public high schools in Maryland
Schools in Frederick County, Maryland
1962 establishments in Maryland
Norvinisterone, sold under the brand names Neoprogestin and Nor-Progestelea, is a progestin and androgen/anabolic steroid (AAS) medication which was used in Europe but is now no longer marketed. It is taken by mouth.
Norvinisterone is a progestin, or a synthetic progestogen, and hence is an agonist of the progesterone receptor, the biological target of progestogens like progesterone. It has androgenic activity.
Norvinisterone was synthesized in 1953. It is no longer available.
Medical uses
Norvinisterone was used in hormonal contraception to prevent pregnancy.
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
Norvinisterone is a progestogen. It appears to be quite androgenic, with about one-third and one-fifth of the androgenic and anabolic activity, respectively, of nandrolone in animal bioassays. However, it has also been reported to have little anabolic activity.
Chemistry
Norvinisterone, also known as 17α-vinyl-19-nortestosterone or as 17α-vinylestr-4-en-17β-ol-3-one, is a synthetic estrane steroid and a derivative of testosterone and 19-nortestosterone. Analogues of norvinisterone include the progestin norgesterone and the AAS vinyltestosterone.
History
Norvinisterone was synthesized in 1953 and was studied in humans by 1960.
Society and culture
Generic names
Norvinisterone is the generic name of the drug and its . It is also known as vinylnortestosterone and is known by its developmental code name SC-4641.
Brand names
Norvinisterone was marketed under the brand names Neoprogestin and Nor-Progestelea by Syntex.
Availability
Norgesterone is no longer marketed and hence is no longer available in any country.
References
Androgens and anabolic steroids
Estranes
Hepatotoxins
Hormonal contraception
Progestogens
Vinyl compounds
The Giza Zoo () is a zoological garden in Giza, Egypt. It is one of the few green areas in the city, and includes Giza's largest park. The zoo covers about , and is home to many endangered species, as well as a selection of endemic fauna.
The first to be built in the Middle East, rare species have been successfully bred in the zoo—including the first California sea lion to be born in the region.
History
The zoo was built by Khedive Ismail and opened on 1 March 1891. It was built on about 50 feddan () that was once part of the harem gardens. Ismail imported many plants from India, Africa, and South America, of which a banyan tree planted about 1871 can still be seen. The original 180 birds and 78 other animals in the zoo's collection were taken from Ismail's private menagerie.
In the late 1870s, the state took over the zoo as partial payment of the Ismail's debts. In January 1890, the harem building was opened as a natural history museum, and was used in this manner until a new museum was opened in Tahrir Square in 1902. The portion of the gardens facing the Nile were sold to the public for large homes, but the harem gardens were kept intact.
When the zoo was built, the exhibits with semi-natural habitats were considered spacious by European standards. The animal collection emphasized Egyptian species, and at one time claimed 20,000 individuals representing 400 species, though many of these may have been migratory birds.
Around 1900, Captain Stanley Smyth Flower was appointed director of the Gardens. They would remain in that position until their retirement in 1923. From 1906 to 1923, Michael John Nicoll was their assistant. For a short time they were director, but the next year they had to retire. J. Lewis Bonhote worked at the Gardens from 1913 to 1919.
By the mid-twentieth century, the zoo was considered one of the best zoos in the world, but it has had trouble adapting to the pressures of growth in the latter half of the century as human populations in Cairo have increased.
By the end of World War II the zoo claimed 4,700 exhibits, with a total of 700 mammals and 500 reptiles. Attendance levels of 43,567 in 1889 rose to 223,525 by 1906. In 2007, the zoo hosted almost 3.4 million visitors.
In 2004, the zoo lost its membership with the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA), because it did not pay membership fees, and then ignored the recommendations of WAZA inspectors. As of 2010, it is a member of the African Association of Zoos and Aquaria (PAAZAB), and is working towards getting re-accredited by WAZA.
Animals
Mammals at the zoo include giraffes, rhinos, black bears, raccoons, elephants, sea lions, tigers, lions, cheetahs, zebras, agoutis, red foxs, Dorcas gazelles, and Scimitar horned oryxes.
The zoo has lot of different species of birds like flamingos, falcons, peacocks, vultures, ibis, love birds, and macaws.
The zoo has many species of reptiles that belong to Egypt like the Egyptian cobra and tortoise. It also has Nile crocodiles and American alligators.
Facilities
The gardens include roads paved with black stone flags from Trieste, footpaths decorated with pebbles laid out like mosaics, and a pond with a marble island that is now the zoo's Tea Island.
The zoo also includes a suspension bridge designed by Gustave Eiffel that lets visitors view the animals from above. This bridge may have been the first elevated viewing area at any zoo in the world.
There is a reptile house and taxidermist's building on site.
The future
As part of the upgrades to help the zoo recover its membership in WAZA, in 2008 the bear exhibit was outfitted with fans and misters to help cool the bears. There are plans to run chilled water through the floors to make the bears more comfortable.
See also
Alexandria Zoo
Notes
External links
Film of the Giza zoo from the 1920s
Buildings and structures in Cairo
Zoos established in 1891
Zoos in Egypt
"Manifest Destiny" is an American comic book storyline published by Marvel Comics through the X-Men related titles and a number of limited series, including a self-titled one. The arc was a follow-up to the storyline entitled "Divided We Stand" which started in the issues cover dated September 2008.
Storyline overview
"Manifest Destiny" deals with the change in the X-Men when they shift their headquarters from Westchester to San Francisco. This is the first time the X-Men have changed their headquarters since their brief relocation to Australia during the 1980s. This will be followed by "X-Infernus", the sequel to "Inferno".
Publication history
The X-Men: Manifest Destiny mini-series itself, is an anthology. The lead story is focused on Iceman and their journey to San Francisco. It is written by Mike Carey, with pencils by Michael Ryan. There are two back-up stories in every issue, focusing on different characters (Karma, Boom-Boom, Nuwa, Juggernaut, Colossus, Nightcrawler, Mercury and many others) and their lives in San Francisco.
Plot summary
Uncanny X-Men
The X-Men open their new base in San Francisco and send a telepathic invitation to every remaining mutant on Earth. Their first fights were against Magneto, Sentinels and the newly formed Hellfire Cult. This is also the introduction to the Sisterhood of Evil Mutants and Madelyne Pryor is seen alive.
Astonishing X-Men
The Astonishing X-Men shows up with a new line-up (Cyclops, Emma Frost, Beast, Storm, Armor, Wolverine). Their first mission was to investigate the murder of an undiscovered mutant.
Cable
X-Force captures Bishop and brings them to the X-Men Headquarters in San Francisco, while Cable is seen
fighting in the future.
X-Men: Legacy
Cyclops secretly meets with Xavier as one last favor to their former teacher and friend. Elsewhere, the Hellfire Club is discussing Sunspot leaving their ranks and the void that leaves. As Sebastian Shaw tries to create some order, Castlemere and their newfound cybernetic "upgrades" lay waste to another member of the Hellfire Club.
Rogue makes their way to the X-Men's former base in Australia and ends up having a heart to heart talk with Mystique, whose persona is still in their head after the events in "Messiah Complex".
Young X-Men
Cyclops takes Sunspot and Danielle as mentors of the Young X-Men. After establishing an abandoned cathedral in San Francisco as their new base, the Young X-Men (along with mentors Danielle Moonstar and Sunspot) form their team which includes Ink, Anole, Rockslide, and Dust, but without Blindfold.
Manifest Destiny
Iceman lands at a hospital after taking a flight with Opal Tanaka, who reveals themselves to be Mystique. Disguised as a doctor, Mystique injects Iceman with a neural inhibitor but they manage to escape and flee on a truck. Mystique finds them yet again and destroys the truck, much to the truck driver's dismay. Iceman saves them and asks them to contact the X-Men, while they face off with Mystique and tells them to shoot them while looking them in the eyes.
Other short stories include:
Boom-Boom being defeated by Nuwa but taking their revenge by using coffee.
Karma failing to possess Emma Frost and realizing they need to get their focus back.
The Juggernaut hesitating between a life of crime or as a hero.
Emma Frost coming to terms with the fact that the X-Men have accepted them
Anole and Graymalkin bonding over their sexuality while Beast explores Greymalkin's history.
Wolverine and Nightcrawler failing to cheer up Colossus, whose mood lightens when they help a girl save them kitty.
X-23 helping Mercury realize they are more than just quicksilver and no one can tell them they are not a person after they defeat some Hellfire Cult members.
Nightcrawler being depressed over their lack of use as an X-Men and confiding it in a Danger Room created Kitty hologram.
Eternals/X-Men Manifest Destiny
The last three issues of the short Eternals (vol. 4) run sees the relocation of the X-Men to San Francisco collide with Ikaris, their war with Druig, and the sentinel in Golden Gate Park. The final issue sees the X-Men assist with repelling the Horde which has been foreshadowed as coming since the last issue of Eternals (vol. 3) by Neil Gaiman.
Wolverine: Manifest Destiny
Issues
The following issues are related to the storyline:
Astonishing X-Men #25-30
Cable #6
Eternals (vol. 4) #7-9
Manifest Destiny: Nightcrawler (previously announced as X-Men: Quitting Time)
Secret Invasion: X-Men #1-4
Uncanny X-Men #500-507
Wolverine: Manifest Destiny #1-4
X-Men: Legacy #215-216
X-Men: Manifest Destiny #1-5
Young X-Men #6-9
Runaways (Vol. 3) # 10
Reading Order
This is the reading order based on the release date of the issues:
July 2008
Astonishing X-Men #25
Uncanny X-Men #500
August 2008
Cable #6
Secret Invasion: X-Men #1
Astonishing X-Men #26
Uncanny X-Men #501
X-Men: Legacy #215
September 2008
X-Men: Manifest Destiny #1
Secret Invasion: X-Men #2
Uncanny X-Men #502
Young X-Men #6
X-Men: Legacy #216
October 2008
X-Men: Manifest Destiny #2
Astonishing X-Men #27
Uncanny X-Men #503
Young X-Men #7
Wolverine: Manifest Destiny #1
Secret Invasion: X-Men #3
November 2008
X-Men: Manifest Destiny #3
Uncanny X-Men #504
Young X-Men #8
Secret Invasion: X-Men #4
December 2008
Wolverine: Manifest Destiny #2
X-Men: Manifest Destiny #4
Uncanny X-Men #505
Young X-Men #9
Wolverine: Manifest Destiny #3
January 2009
X-Men: Manifest Destiny #5
Eternals #7
Astonishing X-Men #28
February 2009
Wolverine: Manifest Destiny #4
Eternals #8
Uncanny X-Men #506
March 2009
Manifest Destiny: Nightcrawler #1
Eternals #9
Uncanny X-Men #507
Astonishing X-Men #29
May 2009
Runaways (Vol. 3) #10
June 2009
Astonishing X-Men #30
Collected editions
The storyline will be collected into a number of volumes:
Uncanny X-Men: Manifest Destiny (collects Uncanny X-Men #500-503, "X-Men Free Comic Book Day", and Manifest Destiny #1-5, 208 pages, April 2009, , softcover, November 2009, )
X-Men: Manifest Destiny (collects Wolverine: Manifest Destiny #1-4, "X-Men Manifest Destiny: Nightcrawler" and X-Men: Manifest Destiny #1-5, 200 pages, hardcover, June 2009, , softcover, September 2009, )
Eternals Volume 2 (includes Eternals (vol. 4) #7-9, softcover, 104 pages, September 2009, )
Astonishing X-Men Vol. 5: Ghost Box (includes Astonishing X-Men (Vol. 3) #25–30 & Astonishing X-Men: Ghost Boxes #1–2, softcover, December 2009, )
Secret Invasion: X-Men (includes Secret Invasion: X-Men #1-4, March 2009, )
References
External links
WW Philly: The X-Men's "Manifest Destiny", Comic Book Resources, May 31, 2008
WW Philly: X-Men: Manifest Destiny, Newsarama, May 31, 2008
HeroesCon 2008: X-Men: Manifest Destiny, Comic Book Resources, June 23, 2008
Review of X-Men: Manifest Destiny #1, Comic Book Resources
Comics by Matt Fraction
Bacillus pumilus is a Gram-positive, aerobic, spore-forming bacillus commonly found in soil.
Bacillus pumilus spores—with the exception of mutant strain ATCC 7061—generally show high resistance to environmental stresses, including UV light exposure, desiccation, and the presence of oxidizers such as hydrogen peroxide. Strains of B. pumilus found at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory were found to be particularly resistant to hydrogen peroxide.
A strain of B. pumilus isolated from black tiger shrimp (Penaeus monodon) was found to have high salt tolerance and to inhibit the growth of marine pathogens, including Vibrio alginolyticus, when cultured together.
Genome and cell structure
Bacillus pumilus contains one circular chromosome including about 4000 genes and 3600-3900 proteins with varying length in the range of 3.7 to 3.8 Mbp. 41% of the DNA base pairs in B. pumilus are G-C. The cellular structure of B. pumilus is similar to other Bacillus species such as B. subtilis, B. megaterium, and B. cereus, the outer layer of the peptidoglycan cross-links in B. pumilus is covered by teichoic and lipoteichoic acids same as the most other Gram positive bacteria. These acids contain polyglycosyl phosphates with mono- and disaccharides as their monomers that can play a role in adhesion to different surfaces like the host cells.
On the other hand, these phosphate groups on the surface of B. pumilus can provide net negative charge on the cell surface that allowing to capture some essential cations such as Ca2+ and Mg2+ that are necessary for cell life.
Industrial use
Bacillus pumilus strain GB34 is used as an active ingredient in agricultural fungicides. Growth of the bacterium on plant roots prevents Rhizoctonia and Fusarium spores from germinating.
Bacillus pumilus (ATCC 27142) may be utilized (as a biological indicator or 'BI' for short) to monitor Gamma, Electron Beam (E-beam), or X-ray radiation sterilization processes. However, the relevance of this practice has dwindled rapidly in the last 30 years due to the discovery of wild-type organisms, like Deinococcus radiodurans, that have proven to have higher D-values and have unseated B. pumilus as recognized worst-case radiation challenge organism. As such, the International Standards Organization (ISO) no longer recognizes B. pumilus as a BI method of validation or routine monitoring of a terminal radiation sterilization process for medical devices labeled as 'sterile'. Instead, parametric means are recognized, using dosimetry to monitor delivered radiation dose. The dose is established using information about the number and types of viable microbes in/on the product and/or its sterile barrier system packaging. The industry term for these microbes as they relate to a sterile medical device is bioburden. Bioburden information coupled with dosimetry and subsequent tests of sterility are collectively used to perform verification dose experiments, which validate the terminal radiation sterilization dose. This dose supports the sterility assurance level (SAL) claim made by the product and its manufacturer. Most medical devices possess an SAL claim of 10E-6, that is one-in-one-million probability of [at least] one microbe making it through the sterilization process. The unit of measure for radiation dose for this purpose is kilogray, and a common radiation sterilization dose is 25 kilogray (kGy); however less or more dose is also quite common, as backed by validation data.
See also
Bacillus marinus
Bacillus lentimorbus
Bacillus oleronius
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Bacillus pumilus at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
pumilus
Fungicides
Extremophiles
Esteban Carril Caso (born 24 May 1977) is a Spanish tennis coach and former professional player.
Playing career
A native of Gijón, Carril was a three-time All-American varsity player at Texas Christian University. On the professional tour they made their only ATP Tour main draw appearance in the doubles of the 2005 Estoril Open, reaching the quarter-finals. Most of their tour matches were on the ITF Futures circuit, where they won one singles and nine doubles titles.
Coaching
Carril's coaching career has been highlighted by their three years with Johanna Konta, who they took from around 100 in the world to an Australian Open semi-final and top 10 ranking, before departing in 2016. They had a trial period as coach of Emma Raducanu in late 2021 and was then announced to have joined fellow Brit Andy Murray's coaching team for the Stockholm Open.
ITF Futures titles
Singles: (1)
Doubles: (9)
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Spanish male tennis players
Spanish tennis coaches
TCU Horned Frogs men's tennis players
Sportspeople from Gijón
Tennis players from Asturias
Marcel Jouhandeau (July 26, 1888 Guéret – April 7, 1979) was a French writer.
Biography
Born in Guéret, Creuse, France, Marcel Jouhandeau grew up in a world of women presided over by their grandmother. Under the influence of a young woman from the Carmel of Limoges, they embraced a spiritual form of Catholicism and considered entering the orders for a time. However, in 1908 they left for Paris where they studied first at the Lycée Henri-IV, and then at the Sorbonne, where they began to write. In 1912 they became a professor at a school at Passy.
In their youth, Marcel Jouhandeau began experiencing homosexual urges. Although they felt guilty and believed they were offending God, their feelings of shame did not prevent them from engaging in numerous homosexual acts. Throughout their life, Jouhandeau alternated between celebrating the male body and feeling mortified in regards to their sexuality. In 1914, during a spiritual crisis, they burned their manuscripts and attempted suicide. Once the crisis had passed, they turned again to writing. They created Pincegrain, the village chronicles that brought them their first literary success.
During World War I, they were a secretary in their hometown of Guéret. In 1924, they published Pincegrain, a chronicle of the inhabitants of Guéret, which shocked the people of the town. Their voyages became an opportunity to indulge in homosexuality, as they recounted in the Amateur d'imprudences.
At age 40, they married a dancer, Élisabeth (Elise) Toulemont, known as Caryathis, the former mistress of Charles Dullin and an intimate friend of Jean Cocteau and Max Jacob. They hoped to rid them of their homosexual leanings. During this period they undertook a work of Christian moralism (De l'abjection) before, much to the dismay of their wife, tumbling again into the arms of men, which they wrote about in Chronique d'une passion and Eloge de la volupté.
Nevertheless, Jouhandeau and their wife adopted a girl named Céline, who gave birth to Jouhandeau's grandson, Marc. Following Élise's death in 1971, Jouhandeau lived their last days in Rueil-Malmaison with Marc.
In 1938, Jouhandeau published four anti-Semitic articles in a short volume, "Le Péril Juif" (The Jewish Peril). During the Nazi occupation of France, they accepted Goebbels' invitation to visit Germany.
Bibliography
La jeunesse de Théophile (1921)
Les Pincengrain (1924)
Prudence Hautechaume (1927)
Monsieur Godeau intime (1926)
L'amateur d'imprudences (1932)
Monsieur Godeau marié (1933)
Chaminadour (1934-1941)
Algèbre des valeurs morales (1935)
Le Peril Juif, Editions Sorlot, 1938.
Chroniques maritales (1938)
De l'abjection (1939)
Essai sur moi-même (1947)
Scènes de la vie conjugale (1948)
Mémorial (1948)
La faute plutôt que le scandale (1949)
Chronique d'une passion (1949)
Eloge de la volupté (1951)
Dernières années et mort de Véronique (1953)
Contes d'enfer (1955)
Léonara ou les dangers de la vertu (1955)
Carnets de l'écrivain (1957)
L'école des filles (1960)
Journaliers (1961-1978)
Les instantanés de la mémoire (1962)
Trois crimes rituels (1962)
Le Pur Amour (1970)
Pages égarées (1980)
References
1888 births
1979 deaths
People from Guéret
French collaborators with Nazi Germany
People affiliated with Action Française
20th-century French novelists
French diarists
French gay writers
Burials at Montmartre Cemetery
Lycée Henri-IV alumni
20th-century French male writers
Live in Montreal may refer to:
Live in Montreal (Quo Vadis album)
Live in Montreal (October Sky album)
Live in Montreal, album by Bobby McFerrin
Live in Montreal 1977, album by Emerson Lake and Palmer
Live in Montreal, album by Nikki Yanofsky
Live in Montreal, album by Gino Vannelli
Live in Montreal, album by Zachary Richard
Alright, Already: Live in Montréal Rufus Wainwright's second EP
Absent Lovers: Live in Montreal live album (2-CD set) by the band King Crimson
Satchurated: Live in Montreal
Hosni Obaid Khadoom Al-Busaidi (; born 5 June 1993), commonly known as Hosni Al-Busaidi, is an Omani footballer who plays for Al-Seeb Club in Oman Professional League.
International career
Hosni was selected for the national team for the first time in 2012. They made their first appearance for Oman on 8 December 2012 against Lebanon in the 2012 WAFF Championship. They have made an appearance in the 2012 WAFF Championship and has represented the national team in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification.
Honours
Club
Al-Seeb
Oman Professional League Cup
Runners-up (1): 2013
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Seeb
Omani footballers
Oman international footballers
Association football defenders
Al-Seeb Club players
Oman Professional League players
The 2017 China floods began in early June 2017. More than 14.9017 million people in 10 provinces and municipalities and regions were affected, especially the southern and central provinces and regions of Guangxi, Guangdong, Hunan, Hubei, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Anhui, Zhejiang, Shandong, Shaanxi, Yunnan, Sichuan, Gansu and Henan. Hunan was the hardest hit. A total of 18,100 houses were destroyed, and more than of crops were inundated.
Many major rivers and lakes in China, including the Yangtze River, Zhujiang River, Dongting Lake, Poyang Lake were flooded to danger levels. The State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarter said on Sunday, July 2, that water levels in more than 60 rivers in southern China were above the warning levels due to sustained rainfalls in recent days.
Floods among eight provinces in the summer
Since June 29, several regions in South China suffered heavy rainfall. According to the Ministry of Civil Affairs, 9.564 million people from 238 county level administrations are affected, and 48 deaths ending the morning of July 3.
Flooding by province
Chongqing
The rainfall led to widespread flooding that destroyed the No. 201 Provincial Highway, causing traffic disruption and traffic congestion.
Hunan
According to the latest data for July 1, 1.159 million people in Hunan were affected. 7 deaths, 1 missing, of crops affected, 382 homes destroyed and 969 damaged. The direct economic loss about CN¥1.9 billion. Rainstorms lashed 832 towns in southern and eastern Hunan from Saturday morning to Sunday morning, with Huangtang Township in Ningyuan County receiving the most precipitation at within 24 hours.
By July 2, more than 7 major rivers (Xiangjiang River, Liuyang River, Laodao River, Wei River, Zi River, Yuan River, Qingjiang River) and many more had reached a moderate major, or record flood stage. Four rivers reached record level including Xiangjiang River, Liuyang River, Laodao River and Wei River.
Ningxiang
In some towns and townships in Ningxiang the power systems and water supply systems have been devastated, and phone line were out. On July 1, a mudslide left 9 dead and 19 injured in Zuta Village () of Weishan Township.
According to the Government of Ningxiang, heavy downpours pounded Ningxiang since June 22, leading to Ningxiang's worst natural disaster in 60 years. The affected population reached 815 thousand, 44 people deaths, of crops affected, accounting for 56% of the population in the city, more than 14,000 houses collapsed or partially damaged, more than 900 dams damaged, more than 70 roads damaged, the direct economic loss about CN¥9 billion.
Xiangxiang
Vice chairperson of Xiangxiang Municipal Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), Liu Hequn (), was washed away by the flood.
Guangxi
Some small and medium-sized rivers in Guilin, Liuzhou, Hechi and other places have experienced the biggest floods in 20 years.
The latest round of torrential rain since Saturday has affected more than 400,000 people in more than 20 counties and districts in Guangxi, left 20 people dead and 14 missing. Around 20,000 houses collapsed or were damaged.
Guizhou
The city of Duyun was seriously affected by the floods, as the heavy rain started at 7:00 at night, June 29, inundating several streets and stranding many subdistricts.
Jiangxi
Heavy rains in northwestern Jiangxi have led to landslides and collapsing homes. About 480,000 people were evacuated in Jiangxi. Seven people died and seven were missing due to flooding during a 10 day period.
Investigation
On August 24, 2017, in Hunan, the Hunan Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a statement that more than 15 officials were punished: "(the Party) gives Li Shiqiu (; former Communist Party Secretary of Ningxiang) a warning as a measure of party discipline; (the Party) gives Li Chunqiu (; former Communist Party Secretary and County Governor of Ningxiang) an admonishing conversation; (the Party) gives Tan Xiaoping (; former Communist Party Secretary of Ningxiang) an admonishing conversation; (the Party) gives Zhou Hui (; Communist Party Secretary of Ningxiang) a serious warning as a measure of party discipline; (the Party) gives Wang Xiongwen (; County Governor of Ningxiang) a serious track record; (the Party) gives Deng Jieping (; Chairman of Ningxiang of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference) a serious warning as a measure of party discipline; Director of the Water Affairs Bureau Wu Limin () was removed from the post; Party secretary and Chairman of Ningxiang State-owned Capital Pan Liqiang () was removed from the post."
See also
2010–2011 China drought
2010 China floods
2011 Seoul floods
2011 Pacific typhoon season
Chinese water crisis
Water resources of the People's Republic of China
2013 China floods
2020 China floods
References
External links
2017 disasters in China
China floods
Floods in China
History of Sichuan
History of Henan
History of Hubei
History of Hunan
History of Shandong
History of Guangdong
History of Guizhou
History of Jiangxi
History of Zhejiang
History of Anhui
History of Chongqing
History of Guangxi
June 2017 events in China
July 2017 events in China
Paul Russell Moore (30 October 1958 – September 28, 2020) was best known as the HBOS whistleblower following their dismissal from Halifax Bank of Scotland in 2004. Moore was the bank's Head of Group Regulatory Risk and was fired from the role by HBOS Group Chief Executive Office James Crosby following their warnings to the Board about HBOS's risky sales strategies.
In 2009 Moore's evidence about HBOS was presented to the UK House of Commons Treasury Select Committee and resulted in James Crosby resigning as Deputy Chairman of the Financial Services Authority (now the Financial Conduct Authority). Crosby, who was also an adviser to the then British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, later gave up their knighthood and part of their pension after a Parliamentary report was highly critical of his, HBOS Chairman Lord Dennis Stevenson and HBOS CEO Andy Hornby's management of the bank. Since their dismissal Moore has been shunned by the financial community and has been unable to find another job in the sector. They have continued to fight for change in the financial system and to bring those responsible for the 2008 crisis to justice.
Early life
Paul Russell Moore was born in Bristol, England on 30 October 1958. They were educated at Ampleforth College in North Yorkshire and studied law at Bristol University.
Early career
After becoming a barrister they became the in-house lawyer in the product development department of Allied Dunbar in December 1984. They left in December 1988 to join Kleinworth Benson as its in-house lawyer but was only there until April 1989 when they were headhunted by start-up firm Ellastone. In February 1990 they moved to American Express subsidiary Acuma as General Counsel and Head of Compliance and was there until February 1994. In February 1995 Moore joined accountancy firm KPMG becoming its top-performing Partner.
HBOS
Moore joined HBOS in July 2002 as Head of Risk in the Insurance and Investment Division. They were appointed to the role of Head of Group Regulatory Risk at the end of 2003. They had formal responsibility for the bank's policy and oversight of executive management's compliance with FSA regulation. It was during 2004 whilst conducting reviews of the bank's sales culture and selling practices that Moore and their team uncovered mis-selling and other unfair customer sales tactics. However, when Moore reported these findings, as their job demanded, they were fired on 8 November 2004.
Moore's complaints were investigated at the time (before the crisis) by accountancy firm KPMG, who concluded that HBOS had appropriate risk controls in place; this was accepted by the Financial Services Authority.
In November 2004 Moore was dismissed by HBOS. They claimed this was because they had told HBOS's board that the bank was taking excessive risks with its aggressive sales culture which was out of balance with its systems and controls. They passed their concerns about HBOS to the FSA, who had it investigated by KPMG, whose conclusion, that HBOS had appropriate risk controls in place, was accepted by the FSA. Following their dismissal the bank replaced them with a retail sales manager.
They sued HBOS for unfair dismissal on the basis that the reason for their dismissal was actually their warnings of excessive risk, which if followed would have reduced the bank's profits while protecting it from what proved to be the all-too-real risk. The bank settled their claim for over half a million pounds in mid-2005.
In 2008, HBOS was forced into a merger and then bailed out by a multibillion-pound infusion of capital from the Treasury.
Although Moore had agreed to the non-disclosure agreement as part of their settlement, they decided to speak out after the crisis because they believed it to be in the public interest and on 10 February 2009 Moore submitted a memorandum of evidence to the UK's Treasury Select Committee, which was investigating risks taken by UK banks prior to the credit crunch.
After HBOS
Moore ran a risk consultancy, Moore Carter and Associates, and was the non-executive Chairman of Assetz Capital, a peer-to-peer lender aimed at SMEs and property developers in the UK. Moore was married with three children and last lived in North Yorkshire.
Moore announced their intention to publish a book about the HBOS whistle blowing and subsequent events called "Crash, Bank, Wallop". The book was co-authored by Mike Haworth, edited by Guy Mankowski and published in November 2015. Moore also launched The New Wilberforce Movement to "free the world from the slavery of greed".
Death
Paul Moore died of colitis on September 28, 2020, aged 61.
References
1958 births
2020 deaths
British bankers
British whistleblowers
People educated at Ampleforth College
Antonis Martis (; born 8 September 2000) is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for AEK Larnaca.
Club career
Martis is a youth academy graduate of Danish club Midtjylland. On 21 October 2020, they joined A-League club Macarthur FC on a season long loan deal. They made their professional debut on 9 January 2021 in a 1–1 draw against Wellington Phoenix. In August 2021, it was announced that Midtjylland and Macarthur extended Martis's loan deal by another season. On 9 January 2022, their loan spell ended early as they were recalled by Midtjylland.
International career
Born in Cyprus, Martis moved to Australia when they were three.  They are eligible to play for both nations. Martis has captained Australia under-16 team at 2016 AFC U-16 Championship qualifiers and have played for Cyprus under-19 team at 2019 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualifiers.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Australia youth international soccer players
Cyprus youth international footballers
A-League Men players
Macarthur FC players
Australian soccer players
Cypriot footballers
Cypriot expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
FC Midtjylland players
Gold Flat is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, California. It lies at an elevation of 2651 feet (808 m). Gold Flat is located northeast of Grass Valley.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Nevada County, California
A combat vehicle, also known as a ground combat vehicle, is a self-propelled, weaponized military vehicle used for combat operations in mechanized warfare. Combat vehicles can be wheeled or tracked.
History
Ancient
The chariot is a type of carriage using animals (almost always horses) to provide rapid motive power. Chariots were used for war as "battle taxis" and mobile archery platforms, as well as other pursuits such as hunting or racing for sport, and as a chief vehicle of many ancient peoples, when speed of travel was desired rather than how much weight could be carried. The original chariot was a fast, light, open, two-wheeled conveyance drawn by two or more horses that were hitched side by side. The car was little more than a floor with a waist-high semicircular guard in front. The chariot, driven by a charioteer, was used for ancient warfare during the bronze and the iron ages. Armor was limited to a shield.
Modern
In modern times, combat vehicles are protected by strong armour and armed with weapons, which combines operational mobility, tactical offensive, and defensive capabilities.
Design
Automation
The automation of human tasks endeavors to reduce the required crew size with improvements in robotics. Enhancements to automation can help achieve operational effectiveness with a smaller, more economical, combat vehicle force.
The automation of combat vehicles has proved to be difficult due to the time latency between the operator controlling the vehicle and the signal being received. Unlike air forces, ground forces must navigate the terrain and plan around obstacles. The rapid tactical implications of operating a weaponized vehicle in a combat environment are great.
Countermeasures
Use of titanium armor on combat vehicles is increasing. The use of titanium can lighten the vehicle's weight.
Appliqué armor can be quickly applied to vehicles and has been utilized on the U.S. Army's M8 Armored Gun System.
Fire suppression
Contemporary combat vehicles may incorporate a fire-suppression system to mitigate damage from fire. Systems can be employed in the engine and crew compartments and portable systems may be mounted inside and outside the vehicle as well.
Automatic fire suppression systems activate instantaneously upon the detection of fire and have been shown to significantly improve crew survivability. Halon fire suppression systems quickly inundate an affected fire breach with a flood of halon to extinguish leaking fuel. Halon remains necessary for crew compartment fire suppression due to space and weight constraints, and toxicity concerns. Nitrogen systems take up about twice as much space as a comparable halon unit. Germany uses this system as a replacement for its halon system. Some systems, such as Germany's previous extinguisher, have a second shot of suppressant to mitigate re-ignition or the effects of a second hit.
Though not as instantaneous, portable crew-operable extinguishers are also used inside and outside the vehicle. Typically, portable extinguishers use a CO2 agent instead of the halon agents used in the past. CO2 can become lethal to vehicle occupants if it accumulates into a deadly concentration. The U.S. Army has adopted a replacement formula consisting of 50% water, 50% potassium acetate. Alternatives such as powder formulas also exist.
Crew
Hygiene upkeep is difficult when operating a combat vehicle.
Mobility
Tracked combat vehicles are suited for heavy combat and rough terrain. Wheeled combat vehicles offer improved logistical mobility and optimized speeds on smooth terrain.
Silent watch is becoming an increasingly important combat vehicle application. It is a role that requires that all mission requirements be met while keeping acoustic and infrared signature levels to a minimum. For this reason, silent watch often requires the vehicle to operate without use of the main engine and sometimes even auxiliary engines. Many modern combat vehicles often have electronic equipment that cannot be supported solely with auxiliary batteries alone. Auxiliary fuel cells are a potential solution for covert operations.
Networking
Force trackers are not as prevalent as in the air force but are still essential components of combat vehicles.
In the mid-'90s, U.S. weapon developers envisioned a sophisticated communication network where positions of enemy and friendly forces could be relayed to command vehicles and other friendly vehicles. Friendly vehicles could transmit enemy positions to friendly combat vehicles in combat range for efficient annihilation of the enemy. Logistics support could also monitor front-line combat vehicle fuel and ammunition statuses and move in to resupply depleted vehicles.
Weaponry
Combat vehicles weapons are primarily designed for engaging other vehicles at long distances and are not optimized for destroying non-traditional targets like car bombs.
References
Combat vehicles
Ch. Clussexx Three D Grinchy Glee (December 1, 1998 – September 25, 2012), better known as Stump, was a male Sussex Spaniel who won Best In Show at the 2009 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. Stump was the first of their breed to win that honor and, at 10 years old, the oldest dog ever to win the prize. They also won the Sporting Group at Westminster in 2004, the first such victory for their breed, and amassed 51 Best in Show awards throughout their career. One of their owners described them as "the most famous Sussex (Spaniel) that has ever lived".
Stump's breeders were Douglas Horn, Douglas Johnson, and Dee Duffy, and they were owned by Cecilia Ruggles and Beth Dowd. They were handled by Scott Sommer, who also trained 2001 Westminster Best in Show winner J.R., a Bichon Frise with whom Stump lived for most of their life. Stump became seriously ill in 2005 with a body-wide bacterial infection, infection on their heart valves, and other ailments often fatal for dogs. They were so sick that euthanasia was considered. Stump spent 19 days in hospitalization, including 12 in intensive care at Texas A&M University's Small Animal Hospital, and they ultimately survived.
It took Stump two years to fully recover from the effects of the illness, and they were retired from competition for four years with no expectation to return. In 2009, Sommer entered Stump in the 133rd Westminster Kennel Dog Show, a last-minute decision made less than a week before the show began. Little was done to prepare Stump for the show, and their owners and trainer had little expectation that they would perform well; Las Vegas odds indicated they had only a 275-to-1 chance to win. Nevertheless, they became a crowd favorite and ultimately won the top prize.
Stump retired to Sommer's home in Houston, Texas after the 2009 Westminster show. They died on September 25, 2012, at age 13, as the result of an illness. Several of Stump's descendants have competed in dog shows, including Bean, a crowd favorite who won the Sporting Group in both the 2018 and 2019 Westminster shows.
Early life and show career
Clussexx Three D Grinchy Glee was born December 1, 1998. Their sire was Ch. Three D Genghis Khan, also known as "Gus", and their dam was Ch. Clussexx Sprinkled With Dew, also known as "Sprinkle". Stump is a descendant of Ch. The Vicar of Lexxfield CD, who won the first Best in Show in the breed and placed fourth in the Sporting Group at the 114th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in 1990. They were nicknamed "Stump" because they were brown with stubby legs and a wide, sturdy body that resembled a tree stump. Their breeders were Douglas Horn, Douglas Johnson, and Dee Duffy; the "Three D" portion of their name represents Duffy's kennel, named for the three breeders, and indicates their bloodline. Johnson also bred Brady, the Clumber Spaniel who won the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show's Best In Show award in 1996.
Stump was owned by Redding, Connecticut resident Cecilia Ruggles and Southern Pines, North Carolina resident Beth Dowd and handled by Scott Sommer of Houston, Texas. Dowd had been showing various breeds of dogs at Westminster since 1999 and was a member of the Moore County Kennel Club in Moore County, North Carolina.
In 2003, Stump began living with Sommer in Houston, along with J.R., a Bichon Frise who won the Westminster Dog Show in 2001 and was also trained by Sommer and co-owned by Ruggles. Stump regularly displayed a positive personality; Sommer said "I love their temperament and attitude toward life." Dowd described them as "the epitome of the standard for their breed". On April 5, 2003, Stump won Best in Show at a show sponsored by the Kennel Club of Yorkville, held at Arlington Park in Arlington Heights, Illinois. On July 20, 2003, Stump won Best in Show at the Galveston Kennel Club show in Galveston, Texas, defeating 3,986 other dogs over the course of the three-day event. In August 2003, Stump won Best in Show Reliant Park World Series of Dog Shows in Houston.
By 2004, when Stump was five years old, they had amassed 50 Best in Show awards as well as the Sporting Group at the 128th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, which was decided by noted dog show judge Judith Goodin. This marked the first time a Sussex Spaniel won that group. Richard Sandomir of The New York Times wrote that Stump's "tail wagged constantly (as he) defeated a variety of elegant pointers, field dogs, gun dogs, hunters and retrievers, some with water-repellent coats, others with wire-haired coats". According to Brian J. Lowney of The Herald News, audiences and members of the media were "dumbfounded" by the fact that Stump defeated other better-known and more attractive sporting dogs. Dowd felt Stump deserved to win overall Best in Show at Westminster that year as well, but the prize ultimately went to the Newfoundland Josh. Despite not winning the top prize, Stump attracted national media attention and appeared on the morning television show Good Morning America.
On January 15, 2005, Stump won the Sporting Group at the AKC National Championship, organized by the American Kennel Club at the Tampa Convention Center in Tampa, Florida. Sommer entered Stump in several other Texas dog shows throughout 2005, including the Reliant Park World Series of Dog Shows in Houston in July 2005. Sommer's 16-year-old nephew, Brian, showed Stump in that show, and they won in the junior showmanship category.
Serious illness and recovery
Stump became seriously ill in 2005, so much so that euthanasia was considered. Stump was initially taken to the Brittmoore Animal Hospital in Houston, but they did not respond to treatment there. In January 2006, they were transferred to Texas A&M University's Small Animal Hospital for treatment by veterinary specialists. Stump was hospitalized for a total of 19 days, including 12 in the intensive care unit of A&M's Small Animal Hospital. They had a body-wide bacterial infection as well as infection on their heart valves, fluid in their lungs, and disseminated intravascular coagulation, a blood coagulation disorder. The conditions were uncommon, difficult to diagnose, and often fatal for dogs. As Sommer explained to the media: "His insides stopped working." Stump was treated with antibiotic therapy, heart medications, oxygen, and anticoagulant medications, and ultimately had a full recovery. Katherine Snyder, the medical resident in charge of their case, said: "He really pulled through like a champion." The exact cause the illness was never determined.
It took Stump about two years to fully recover from the effects of the illness. According to Sommer, Stump spent most of this time sleeping in their handler's bed. Due to the seriousness of Stump's illness, their owners were reluctant to ever show them again, and Sommer vowed to never do so.
Westminster's Best in Show
After four years of retirement, Sommer entered Stump in the 133rd Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, which was held in New York City's Madison Square Garden on February 10, 2009, and included approximately 2,500 dogs and 170 breeds, from as far away as Russia, Brazil, and at least five other countries. Entering Stump in the competition was a last-minute decision, and Sommer did not enter them in the competition until February 4, 2009, less than one week before the show began. Even after registering Stump, Sommer thought they might not take him, and would decide based on how good they looked in the day or two before the flight to get there. Prior to the 2009 Westminster contest, Stump had not attended another dog show or even worn a leash since their illness. Sommer did little more to prepare them than walking them around their Houston driveway, and said their only goal was for Stump to have a good showing. Beth Dowd said, because Stump's health seemed had improved since their illness, they entered them in Westminster as "a trial run for possible competition in an upcoming special show". Carol Dowd said they had little expectation they could win: "He was just an extra dog entered, and we just planned to have fun." Westminster Judge Sari Brewster Tietjen said of the dog's long absence from the showing scene: "To bring a dog into the Garden who hasn't been showing, (Sommer) was a little insane." Stump's co-breeder Dee Duffy had another Sussex spaniel named Ch. Three D Lock and Load that they planned to enter into the competition, but once it was determined Stump would compete, they withdrew their entry, saying: "For me that was going to be like competing against yourself.
Stump was characterized in the media as a crowd favorite at the 2009 Westminster show; Katie Thomas of The New York Times wrote: "Stump was greeted with deafening applause each time they plodded around the ring." Likewise, David Frei, who had been announcing Westminster shows for 20 years, said of him: "Stump was a big crowd-pleaser. It's their look. They look like a pet dog that would be sitting next to you on the couch." However, Las Vegas odds indicated the dog had only a 275-to-1 chance to win Best in Show. Stump won in their breed category, where their son, Ch. Lexxfield Twilight Hunter, was among the competing dogs they defeated. They also won the Sporting Group, where Judge Robert Ennis chose them over 27 other competing dogs. Even after these victories, Sommer did not believe Stump would win the top prize.
On February 10, 2009, Stump was named Best in Show, in part because judges felt they had a "cheerful and tractable disposition" in keeping with the breed's standard. Among the finalists Stump defeated were Spirit, a Giant Schnauzer who was ranked the No. 1 show dog in the nation at the time, and Lincoln, a Griffon Bruxellois who was also widely considered a favorite. Other group winners Stump defeated for the top prize included Yes, a standard poodle with 94 Best in Show wins; Sadie, a Scottish terrier; Tiger Woods, a Scottish deerhound; and Conrad, a Puli.
The victory marked Stump's 51st career Best in Show win. Sommer said because the expectations for Stump were so low, there was very little pressure during the competition: "This was like going for a walk with my pet." Judge Tietjen, who had been judging for more than 40 years, said they did not decide to crown Stump the victor until the last moment: "I didn't know who they were or how old they are. He's just everything that you'd want in the breed, and I couldn't say no to him." Sommer said of Stump's victory: "I was more surprised than most people." Stump became the first Sussex Spaniel to win Best in Show, and the oldest dog to ever win the title, a distinction previously held by 1999 winner Kirby, an eight-year-old Papillon. Two other dogs co-owned by Dowd placed in 2009's Westminster show: a Lakeland terrier named Ranger won Best of Breed, and Pixie, a Bichon, took fourth in their group.
Stump made appearances on MSNBC and such television programs as Today, The Early Show, The Martha Stewart Show after their victory.
Later life and death
Unlike the previous Best in Show winner, the Beagle Uno, who spent a full year touring the country after their victory, Stump was expected to return home and do little travel because of their advanced age and past health problems and they retired to Sommer's home in Houston very shortly after the Best in Show win. However, some travel was planned for Stump representing the Moore County Kennel Club and participating in publicity for the New York-based therapy dog program Angel on a Leash. According to The Wall Street Journal, as of May 2009 Stump had accumulated over 440,000 miles from Continental Airlines frequent flyer program. They were also a representative of Take the Lead, an organization that provides services and support for people in the purebred dog business who have suffered life-threatening or terminal illnesses. They appeared on the cover of May/June 2009 issue of AARP The Magazine and attended Houston's Reliant Park World Series of Dog Shows in July 2009. In February 2010, Stump returned to New York City to participate in a benefit show two days before the start of the 134th Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show.
Stump became ill in September 2012; they stopped eating and required veterinarian visits nearly every day. Sommer said on their final week: "He just didn't want to do it anymore, and it wasn't much of a quality of life." Stump was euthanized on September 25, 2012, in Houston with Sommer. They were 13 years old. J.R., the Bichon Frise who won the Westminster Dog Show in 2001, had still been living with Stump and Sommer, and died just six days earlier than Stump. Cecelia Ruggles said of Stump: "He's the most famous Sussex (Spaniel) that has ever lived".
Several descendants of Stump have participated in dog shows as well. Stump sired three pups: two males named Root and Forest, and a female named Myrtle. All three were owned by Carol Dowd, the daughter of Stump's co-owner Beth Dowd. All three of the pups compete in dog shows. Pooh Bear, Stump's great grandson, was owned by Cindy Read of Milwaukee and began participating in shows at age one in 2014, including the Burlington Kennel Club dog show in Burlington, Iowa in August. Stump's grandson GCh. Kamand's Full Of Beans @ Erinhill, better known as "Bean", won the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show's Sporting Group category in both 2018 and 2019. Bean was owned by Karen and Amanda Toner, of Hampden, Massachusetts. Their sire, GCh. Erinhill Cpnwy Mr Fuzzywrinkles, was Stump's son. Like Stump, Bean was considered a crowd favorite, and some commentators felt they should have won the overall Best in Show award.
In popular culture
Stump was the favorite of Dr. Ruth Westheimer, the celebrity sex therapist and author, who witnessed their Best in Show victory at Westminster. Randy Levine, president of the New York Yankees baseball team and a regular Westminster attendee, was also particularly impressed with Stump.
During the February 11, 2009, episode of The Colbert Report, Stephen Colbert, whose character often complains when passed over for awards, expressed anger Stump won the Westminster dog show instead of him. Colbert said of the Sussex Spaniel, "What do they have that I don't have? Look, my ear is floppy. Look how firm my haunches are! Look how silky my coat is! The secret? I crack a raw egg in my bowl."
References
External links
MSG.com photos of Stump at the 133rd Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
1998 animal births
Best in Show winners of the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
İZBAN is a commuter rail system serving İzmir, Turkey. It has forty-one stations.
Stations
Future stations
References
IZBAN
Stations
Institute for Communicative and Cognitive Neurosciences (ICCONS) is an autonomous not-for-profit neuroscience speciality hospital & research institute established under Health and Family Welfare Department, Government of Kerala. There are two centres, one in Shoranur, Palakkad district and another in Pulayanarkotta, Thiruvananthapuram
History
Institute for Communicative and Cognitive Neurosciences was founded in 1998. In 2015 January it received the NABH accreditation from the Quality Council of India. ICCONS is the first center in India that treats cognitive, speech and language disorders to obtain NABH accreditation.
Aim
ICCONS aims to scientifically diagnose, treat and rehabilitate congenital or non-congenital intellectual and linguistic diseases such as autism, cerebral palsy, dementia, learning disabilities, non-infectious cerebral and neurological paralysis and dementia.
Description
Institute for Communicative and Cognitive Neurosciences (ICCONS) is an autonomous not-for-profit neuroscience specialty hospital & research institute located at Shoranur, Palakkad district. It has a branch in Pulayanarkotta, Thiruvananthapuram. Dr. P. A. Suresh is the director of both the institutes. The Kerala state Minister of Health is the Chairman of the Governing Council, the Minister of Social Justice is the Co-Chairman and the Secretary of the Department of Health is the Chairman of the Executive Committee.
Founded in 1998, the institute is led by an integrated team of neurologists, speech-language pathologists, audiologists, clinical psychologists and physiotherapists. Linguistic disorders affecting children, autism, Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, mental retardation, metabolic genetic disorder, abnormalities of the nervous system, Rett Syndrome, Asperger's Syndrome, Landau–Kleffner syndrome, aphasia and dementia are treated and rehabilitated in the ICCONS. ICCONS is the only institution in India with facilities for the treatment, rehabilitation and research of cerebral neurological disorders and diseases.
In September 25, 2019, ICCONS signed a research collaboration agreement with Indian Institute of Technology Palakkad to carry out a research and development programme on Assistive and Rehabilitation Technology.
Courses conducted
Bachelor of Audiology and Speech Language Pathology (BASLP), a four-year degree course
Master In Audiology And Speech Language Pathology (MASLP)
See also
National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences
Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1998
Government buildings completed in 1998
Medical research institutes in India
1998 establishments in Kerala
Neuroscience research centres in India
Hospitals in Kerala
Martin Schanz (12 June 1842 – 15 December 1914) was a German classicist and Plato scholar. They were a Dozent and Professor at the University of Würzburg from 1867 to 1912, and is especially known for their history of Roman literature and their ground-breaking, critical edition of Plato's dialogues.
Life
Schanz came from an old and well-established farming family in Lower Franconia. Their father, Melchior Schanz, worked as a high school teacher (Volksschullehrer) in Üchtelhausen. The family moved to Bad Königshofen in 1845 and to Großbardorf in 1850. Four of Schanz's eight sisters died in childhood. Their brother Georg von Schanz became a famous economist.
After their graduation in Münnerstadt, Schanz studied classical philology and philosophy from 1861 to 1866 at the University of Munich under Karl Felix Halm und Carl von Prantl and at the University of Würzburg under Ludwig von Urlichs. After studying for a semester at the University of Bonn (1864/1865) with Otto Jahn and Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl, they returned to Würzburg and was promoted in 1866 with a dissertation on the reconstruction of Socrates' philosophy from Plato's writings. Afterwards they spent a year at the University of Göttingen with Hermann Sauppe. They were graduated ('habilitiert') after returning again to Würzburg in 1870 and joined the faculty (as an 'außerordentlichen Professor'). In the same year, they traveled to Oxford in order to collate the Plato manuscripts there. In 1872 and 1873 they did research in Rome and Venice.
In 1874 Schanz was promoted to a full professor ('ordentlichen Professor') in classical philology at the University of Würzburg. Their research there won them great renown. They became a member of many scholarly societies and academies and was ennobled in 1900. In the academic year 1901-2, Schanz was rector of the university. In 1912 they were promoted to Geheimrat and retired.
Scholarship
Schanz made enduring contributions to several areas of classical studies.
Their great, unfinished edition of Plato's dialogues filled seven volumes (1875–1887) and was the fruit of many years spent comparing manuscripts in the great libraries of Europe and their exhaustive critical editorial work on these sources. This edition created for the first time a secure and critical foundation for Plato's writings and led to the way to the now standard Oxford Classical Text edition of Plato.
Schanz's magnum opus was, however, their four-volume History of Roman Literature (1875–1887). This replaced the obsolete and inconvenient work of Wilhelm Siegmund Teuffel and appeared in the Handbuch der Altertumswissenschaft. Schanz died while working on the second part of the last volume, which was completed by their successor at Würzburg, Carl Hosius. Even today, parts of Schanz's history remain indispensable.
In 1881, they published a still influential paper on stichometry. Three years before, Charles Graux had shown that the numbers found at the end of many medieval manuscripts represented the total number of 'standard lines' in each work. Just as modern books are measured in pages, ancient authors and scribes counted the lines in prose compositions. Each line was equal to a Greek hexameter (about 15 syllables or 35 letters). While studying the famous Clarke Codex of Plato's dialogues at Oxford, Schanz noticed that the isolated letters in the margins of two dialogues formed an alphabetic series and marked every hundredth standard line. They were able to show that other manuscripts had similar marginal markings and named this kind of line-counting 'partial stichometry' (in contrast to the total stichometry studied by Graux). Fifty years later, Ohly's definitive monograph on stichometry built on the pioneering work of Graux and Schanz and surveyed all the known total and partial stichometry in ancient manuscripts. Stichometry now plays a small but useful role in the study of ancient Greek and Latin papyri, and especially of the scrolls evacuated in Herculaneum.
Schanz's last great contribution was in the area of Greek syntax. From 1882 to 1912 they edited twenty volumes of the Beiträge zur historischen Syntax der griechischen Sprache.
Honors
1882 Order of St. Michael
1883 Corresponding member of the Bayerische Akademie der Wissenschaften
1885 Honorary member of the Greek Society (Griechischen Gesellschaft) in Constantinople
1900 ennobled (Verdienstorden der Bayerischen Krone)
1904 Honorary member of the Accademia Properziana del Subasio in Assisi
1908 Rewarded a prize (Vallauripreis) by the Academy in Turin
1910 Corresponding member of the Accademia Virgiliana in Mantua
References
External links
First volume of Schanz's history of Roman literature at the Internet Archive
First volume of Schanz's Plato edition at the Internet Archive
Schanz's investigation of the history of Plato manuscripts with stemmata
Schanz's valuable commentary and critical edition of Plato's Apology
Schanz's article on partial stichometry at JSTOR
1842 births
1914 deaths
People from Schweinfurt (district)
University of Würzburg faculty
University of Würzburg alumni
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
Samuel Torres (born September 4, 1976) is a Colombian percussionist composer and arranger. They were born in Bogotá, and started playing at age twelve and became involved with different bands in their hometown. Torres' musician credits includes collaboration for 2013 Latin Grammy nominated Alejandro Sanz "La Música No Se Toca" (2013). Although, they received classical training, Torres was intrigued by the different styles and rhythms of the Latinamerican and jazz sounds. They graduated from the University of Javeriana in Music Composition.
In 1999, Grammy Award winner Arturo Sandoval contracted Torres and toured with them for four years. In 2000, Samuel Torres received the second place at the 2000 Thelonious Monk International Jazz Competition for Hand Percussion.
Throughout their career as a percussionist, Torres has performed with jazz artist Tito Puente, Chick Corea, Poncho Sanchez, Pete Escovedo, Dave Valentine, Michael Brecker, Don Byron, Claudio Roditi, Paquito D'Rivera, Caribbean Jazz Project, Jeff "Tain" Watts, Lila Downs, Candido Camero and Mike Stern among other great musicians.
Many of their performances include their participation in the Florida International University big band, the 5 de Mayo Celebration 2001 with Nashville Symphony, the Hollywood Bowl Latin Festival 2001 with the L.A. Philharmonic, 2001 Newport Jazz Festival in Madarao, Japan and many more.
Discography
As leader
Skin Tones (One Soul, 2005)
“ Yaoundé” (Blue Conga Music, 2010)
“ Forced Displacement” (Zoho, 2015)
“Regreso” Samuel Torres y La Nueva Filarmonia (2019) - Latin Grammy Award Winner for Best Classical Album
“Alegria” ( Blue Conga Music, 2019)
As sideman
Marc Anthony, Amar Sin Mentiras (Columbia/Sony 2004)
Richard Bona, Bona Makes You Sweat: Live (Decca 2008)
Jamie Baum, In This Life (Sunnyside 2013)
Antonio Carmona, De Noche (Universal 2011)
Edmar Castaneda, Entre Cuerdas (Artistshare 2009)
Chenoa, Desafiando La Gravedad (Vale/Universal 2010)
The Chieftains, San Patricio (Hear Music 2010)
Lila Downs, Lila Downs Y La Misteriosa en Paris (World Village 2010)
Allan Harris, Black Bar Jukebox (Love 2015)
Hector Martignon, Second Chance (Zoho, 2010)
Hector Martignon, The Big Band Theory (Zoho, 2016)
Ricky Martin, A Quien Quiera Escuchar (Sony 2015)
Arturo O'Farrill, The Offense of the Drum (Motema 2014)
Arturo Sandoval, My Passion for the Piano (Crescent Moon/Columbia 2002)
Alejandro Sanz, #ElDisco (Universal 2019)
Helen Sung, Sung Without Words (Stricker Street 2018)
Thalia, Thalia (Virgin 2003)
Diego Torres, Buena Vida (Sony 2015)
Jack Wilkins, Until It's Time (Maxjazz 2009)
DVD
"Drums Solo Revisited" (2004)
References
External links
Allmusic
Official Website
1976 births
Living people
Colombian composers
Male composers
Colombian musicians
Colombian percussionists
Maracas players
People from Bogotá
was a private junior college at Machida city, Tokyo in Japan.
History
The Tamagawa Gakuen Junior College for Women General Education section was founded in 1965. The Child Care department was added in 1967, and was renamed as the infantile education department in 1984.
The advanced course education major was set up in 1994. The college stopped taking new students in 2002, and was abolished and integrated into Tamagawa University in 2004.
Subjects
General Education Section
Infantile education department
Advanced course
General Education major
Universities and colleges in Tokyo
Educational institutions established in 1965
Japanese junior colleges
Private universities and colleges in Japan
1965 establishments in Japan
"Still Waters (Run Deep)" is a song by the Bee Gees, written by Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb. It was the third and final single issued from their 21st studio album, Still Waters (1997), on 27 October 1997. The recording and production of the song were assisted by Hugh Padgham. The song became the album's third top-20 UK single, peaking at 18 on the UK Singles Chart. It also reached No. 57 on the US Billboard Hot 100, their most recent appearance on that chart.
Critical reception
British magazine Music Week rated "Still Waters (Run Deep)" three out of five, adding, "The title track from the Gibb brothers' latest album is their usual pleasant, sumptuously-performed fare, but it doesn't have the strength to become a huge hit."
Music video
A music video was produced to promote the single, directed by Jake Nava. In the video, the Bee Gees are standing under and walking around road bridges in the city at night while two lovers, a woman and a man, find their way to love each other. The video ends with sunrise.
Versions
The single version was remixed with a more R&B/hip hop beat compared with the album version. A demo version was included on one of the UK CD singles.
Live performances
On 14 November 1997, the Bee Gees performed the song in Las Vegas for their One Night Only concert to promote the single.
Track listings
UK CD single 1
"Still Waters (Run Deep)" – 4:08
"Still Waters (Run Deep)" (demo) – 3:55
"Obsessions" – 4:43
UK CD single 2
"Still Waters (Run Deep)" – 4:08
"Night Fever" – 3:29
"More Than a Woman" – 3:16
"You Should Be Dancing" – 4:16
US CD single
"Still Waters (Run Deep)" – 4:08
"Love Never Dies" – 4:05
Charts
Release history
References
Bee Gees songs
1997 singles
1997 songs
Music videos directed by Jake Nava
Polydor Records singles
Song recordings produced by Hugh Padgham
Songs written by Barry Gibb
Songs written by Maurice Gibb
Songs written by Robin Gibb
The 2010 Korfball Europa Cup is the main korfball competition for clubs in Europe in 2010.
First round
The first round took place in the weekend 3–4 October in Kocaeli (Turkey) and Třeboň (Czech Republic).
Final round
The final round was held in Herentals (Belgium) from January 20 to 23, 2010
7th-8th places
5th-6th places
3rd-4th places
FINAL
Final standings
External links
Europa Cup 2010 - First round Pool A
Europa Cup 2010 - First round Pool B
Europa Cup 2010 - Final round
Korfball Europa Cup
Korfball European Cup
2009 in korfball
This is a timeline of the development of radio in Scotland.
1970s
1970
No events.
1971
No events.
1972
12 July – Following the enabling of The Sound Broadcasting Act 1972, the Independent Broadcasting Authority is formed, paving the way for the launch of Independent Local Radio.
1973
17 December – The first BBC Radio Scotland broadcasts take place, two weeks earlier than planned.
31 December – Radio Clyde, the first independent local radio station outside London, and the first in Scotland, begins broadcasting to the Glasgow area.
1974
No events.
1975
22 January – Radio Forth begins broadcasting to the Edinburgh area.
1976
17 May – BBC Radio Highland begins broadcasting programming in Gaelic.
1977
9 May – BBC Radio Orkney and BBC Radio Shetland launch as part-time stations..
1978
23 November –
All BBC national radio stations change their medium or long wave transmission wavelength as part of a plan for BBC AM broadcasting in order to improve national AM reception, and to conform with the Geneva Frequency Plan of 1975. Radio 1's transmission wavelength is moved from 247m (1214 kHz) to 275 & 285m (1053 & 1089 kHz) medium wave. Radio 2's wavelength is moved from 1500m (200 kHz) long wave to 433 & 330m (693 & 909 kHz) medium wave. Radio 3 is moved from 464m (647 kHz) to 247m (1215 kHz) medium wave. Radio 4 is moved from various medium wavelengths to 1500m (200 kHz) long wave.
Due to Radio 4's transfer from medium wave to long wave, BBC Radio Scotland launch as full-time statios on Radio 4's former Scottish medium wave opt-out wavelengths of 370m (810 kHz), albeit initially with very limited broadcast hours due to very limited coverage of BBC Radio 4 on FM in both countries.
1979
5 October – The Scottish Gaelic service launches, broadcasting to north west Scotland from Stornoway.
1980s
1980
17 October – Radio Tay begins broadcasting to the Dundee area.
14 November – Radio Tay begins broadcasting to the Perth area.
1981
7 July – Northsound Radio begins broadcasting to the Aberdeen area.
4 December – West Sound Radio begins broadcasting to Ayr and the surrounding area.
1982
23 February – Moray Firth Radio begins broadcasting to Inverness and the surrounding area of north east Scotland.
1983
No events.
1984
August – Radio Forth becomes the first Independent Local Radio station to broadcast a part-time split service. It is Festival City Radio, which provides coverage of the 1984 Edinburgh Festival.
1985
1 October – BBC Radio nan Gàidheal launches as the BBC's first full-time Gaelic language station.
1986
No events.
1987
No events.
1988
12 August – Radio Clyde launches a weekend-only chart music on FM, with the full Radio Clyde service continuing on MW.
1 September – Radio 1 begins broadcasting on FM across central Scotland.
1989
19 December – BBC Radio 1 starts transmitting on FM in southern Scotland and in the Cardigan Bay area.
1990s
1990
3 January – Radio Clyde splits on a permanent basis with the full time launch of its classic hits service on MW. The FM station, Clyde 1, relaunched as a contemporary hit music station.
22 January – Radio Borders begins broadcasting across the Scottish Border region.
21 May – South West Sound begins broadcasting across Dumfries and Galloway.
4 June – Centre Sound begins broadcasting to Stirling.
15 July – Radio Forth is replaced on FM by Radio Forth RFM and on MW by Max AM.
1991
19 October – SIBC begins broadcasting to the Shetland Islands.
1992
14 March – Heartland FM begins broadcasting to the Scottish towns of Pitlochry and Aberfeldy.
1 September – Q96 begins broadcasting to Paisley in Renfrewshire.
1993
No events.
1994
6 June – NECR begins broadcasting to Inverurie and the surrounding areas of Aberdeenshire.
1 August – Nevis Radio begins broadcasting to the Fort William area.
16 September – Regional station Scot FM launches, broadcasting a music and speech to the Scottish central belt.
1995
9 January – Two Scottish stations do the splits when Tay AM and Tay FM and Northsound One and Northsound Two begin broadcasting.
1996
15 July – Oban FM begins broadcasting to the Oban area of west Scotland.
1997
6 January – West FM begins broadcasting on FM to Ayr and the surrounding areas. West Sound Radio continues on MW.
23 May – Lochbroom FM begins broadcasting to the Scottish town of Ullapool.
6 December – Waves Radio begins broadcasting to the Peterhead area of Aberdeenshire.
1998
1 March – Isles FM begins broadcasting from Stornoway in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.
5 October – Kingdom FM begins broadcasting across Fife.
28 November – RNA Arbroath begins broadcasting.
1999
19 August – BBC Radio 1 broadcasts its first split programming when it introduces weekly national new music shows for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The Session in Scotland is presented by Gill Mills and Vic Galloway.
15 November – Britain's first national commercial DAB digital radio multiplex, Digital One, goes on air to England, and parts of Scotland and Wales.
19 November – Beat 106 begins broadcasting a new music service across the Scottish central belt.
2000s
2000
The two Radio Forth stations are relaunched as 97.3 Forth One and 1548 FORTH2. Many changes occurred at this time, including new presenters and revamped station sounds. Forth 2 is redesigned as an adult contemporary music station while Forth One continues to play chart and contemporary music for under 35s.
10 July – Argyll FM begins broadcasting across Kintyre and wider Argyll, the southern Inner Hebrides, Clyde islands and Ayrshire in south-west Scotland as well as to the Antrim coast of Northern Ireland.
2001
5 July – The Switch Scotland multiplex launches, operating a multiplex of DAB stations across Scotland's central belt.
2002
8 January – Scot FM becomes part of the Real Radio network after it is purchased by GMG Radio. It is renamed Real Radio Scotland.
2003
3 September – River FM begins broadcasting to the Livingston area of West Lothian.
22 November – Two Lochs Radio begins broadcasting to the Loch Ewe area of Scotland.
30 November – Castle Rock FM begins broadcasting to the Dumbarton area.
2004
4 September – The Superstation Orkney begins broadcasting as a community radio station, broadcasting to Orkney and Caithness.
7 September – Saga 105,2 FM begins broadcasting, becoming the third station to broadcast to Scotland's central belt.
2005
21 June – Emap buys Scottish Radio Holdings.
19 November – Lanarkshire station L107 launches, replacing 107 The Edge which had been on air since 2003.
2006
14 January – Dance-based regional station Beat 106 is relaunched with an indie-music format as XFM Scotland.
14 February – All speech station Talk 107 begins broadcasting a speech-based service across Edinburgh.
2007
January – 96.3 Rock Radio launches. It uses the frequency previous occupied by Q96.
29 January – Livingston station River FM closes after less than four years on air.
26 March – All Smooth Radio and Saga Radio, including Saga Radio 105.2, are relaunched as the Smooth Network.
28 October – Original 106 (Aberdeen) begins broadcasting.
2008
16 January – Celtic Music Radio begins broadcasting a Celtic music service in Glasgow.
29 January – Bauer completes its purchase of Emap's radio, television and consumer media businesses for £1.14bn.
8 August – Thomas Quirk, the former managing director of Saga 105.2 FM (the predecessor to 105.2 Smooth Radio in Glasgow) criticises parent company GMG Radio's decision to sack six local Scottish presenters in favour of increased networking of shows from Smooth stations in London and Manchester. The station had operated a 24-hour schedule of local programming until August 2008.
8 November – XFM Scotland returns to a dance and r&b format when it is relaunched as Galaxy Scotland.
23 December – Edinburgh station Talk 107 closes after two years on air.
2009
6 June – Mearns FM launches as a community station broadcasting from Stonehaven and covering Laurencekirk, Inverbervie, Stonehaven and Portlethen leading to a coverage area stretching from St Cyrus to Newtonhill.
15 June – Some networked output begins to be heard on Bauer Scotland's AM stations.
2010s
2010
29 April – Lanarkshire station L107 closes after five years on air.
2011
3 January – Galaxy Scotland is relaunched as Capital Scotland.
17 February – Perth FM closes.
October – 96.3 Rock Radio is rebranded as 96.3 Real Radio XS.
2012
No events.
2013
1 July – Bauer's Scottish MW stations start to receive a networked breakfast show from Glasgow presented by Robin Galloway. Consequently, there is now no local programming on any of these stations.
2014
7 April – Real XS Glasgow closes at midnight, and is rebranded as Xfm Scotland.
6 May – Real Radio Scotland is rebranded as Heart Scotland.
September – The specialist output on MFR ends and is replaced by networked content from Bauer's 'Greatest Hits Network' of Scottish AM stations.
16 November – The Superstation Orkney closes due to a lack of public funding and dwindling advertising revenue.
2015
5 January – Bauer creates a national Scotland network for its AM stations called The Greatest Hits Network) with some peak time opt-outs.
13 September – Global hands back the Paisley licence, on which it had broadcast XFM Scotland, to Ofcom when the regulator refused Global's request to network Radio X 24/7 from London.
2016
29 February – The UK's second national commercial multiplex starts broadcasting. However, only 73% of the UK's population is able to receive it.
2017
No events.
2018
3 April – Aberdeen station Northsound 2 stops broadcasting on MW. The station continues to broadcast on DAB and online. It becomes the first commercial radio station in Scotland – and the first of Bauer's local stations – to cease analogue broadcasting.
15 May – Sound Digital announces that it will add 19 transmitters to its network. They will launch in the South West, East Anglia, Wales and North of Scotland and will increase Sound Digital's coverage by nearly 4 million new listeners in more than 1.6m new households.
15 August – NECR closes after 28 years on air.
3 November – Nation Radio Scotland launches, broadcasting to Renfrewshire, Glasgow and West Central Scotland.
2019
No events.
2020s
2020
1 April – Your Radio closes and the frequency begins transmitting Nation Radio Scotland.
2021
1 November – Argyll FM launches its Internet radio service, the last radio station operating on a commercial licence in the UK to do so. Consequently, all commercial radio stations in the country are now available online.
2022
No events.
See also
Timeline of radio in London
Timeline of radio in Manchester
Timeline of radio in Northern Ireland
Timeline of radio in Wales
References
Radio in Scotland
S2, SB1, SM2 are disability swimming classifications used for categorizing swimmers based on their level of disability. People in this class have limited use of their arms, and no or extremely limited use of their hands, legs and trunk. Swimmers in this class have a variety of different disabilities including cerebral palsy and amputations.
Swimmers in this class have a number of events they can participate in including the 50m and 100m Freestyle, 200m Freestyle, 50m Backstroke, 50m Butterfly, 50m Breaststroke and 150m Individual Medley events.
Definition
This classification is for swimming. In the classification title, S represents Freestyle, Backstroke and Butterfly strokes. SB means breaststroke. SM means individual medley. Swimming classifications are on a gradient, with one being the most severely physically impaired to ten having the least amount of physical disability. Jane Buckley, writing for the Sporting Wheelies, describes the swimmers in this classification as being: "able to use their arms with no use of their hands, legs or trunk Or have severe coordination problems in four limbs. Similar disabilities to Class 1 but these athletes would have more propulsion by use of their arms or legs."
Disability groups
This class includes people with several disability types include cerebral palsy, short stature and amputations.
Amputee
ISOD amputee A9 swimmers may be found in several classes. These include S2, S3, S4, S5 and S8. Prior to the 1990s, the A9 class was often grouped with other amputee classes in swimming competitions, including the Paralympic Games. Swimmers in this class have a similar stroke length and stroke rate to able bodied swimmers.
The nature of a person's amputations in this class can effect their physiology and sports performance. Because of the potential for balance issues related to having an amputation, during weight training, amputees are encouraged to use a spotter when lifting more than . Lower limb amputations effect a person's energy cost for being mobile. To keep their oxygen consumption rate similar to people without lower limb amputations, they need to walk slower. Because they are missing a limb, amputees are more prone to overuse injuries in their remaining limbs. Common problems with intact upper limbs for people in this class include rotator cuffs tearing, shoulder impingement, epicondylitis and peripheral nerve entrapment.
Cerebral palsy
One of the disability groups in this classification is swimmers with cerebral palsy, including CP1 and CP2 classified swimmers.
Some CP1 swimmers in this class require floaters to race. The use of such devices is not allowed in IPC sanctioned events, but is allowed in CP-ISRA sanctioned ones. CP1 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 1.3 to 1.7. This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB1, and PDB3. CP1 sportspeople tend to use electric wheelchairs. They may have controlled shakes and twitches. They have severely limited of their trunk and limbs. When participating in sport, CP1 competitors tend to have low energy expenditure. This bodily activity can spike their metabolic rate.
CP2 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 1.0 to 1.1. This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB4. CP2 swimmers tend to use electric wheelchairs. They may have controlled shakes and twitches. This bodily activity can spike their metabolic rate. They can operate a manual wheelchair but this is restricted because of motor control issues. Functional control issues effect all or most of their limbs. When participating in sport, CP2 competitors tend to have low energy expenditure. CP2 competitors have better upper body control when compared to CP1.
Short stature
SS2 swimmers may be found S1 and S5. Men in this class are tall or less, with an arm length equal to or less than . When their standing height and arm length are added together, the distance is equal to or less than . For women in this class, the same measurements are , and .
There are generally two types of syndromes that cause short stature. One is disproportionate limb size on a normal size torso. The second is proportionate, where they are generally small for their average age. There are a variety of causes including skeletal dysplasia, chondrodysrophy, and growth hormone deficiencies. Short stature can cause a number of other disabilities including eye problems, joint defects, joint dislocation or limited range of movement.
Spinal cord injuries
People with spinal cord injuries compete in this class, including F1, F2 sportspeople.
F1
This is wheelchair sport classification that corresponds to the neurological level C6. In the past, this class was known as 1A Complete. Disabled Sports USA defined the anatomical definition of this class in 2003 as, "Have functional elbow flexors and wrist dorsi-flexors. May have elbow extensors (up to power 3) but usually do not have wrist palmar flexors. May have shoulder weakness. Have no sitting balance." People with C4 lesions have head control, and limited respiratory endurance. People with C5 lesions have abduction of the arms, and flexion of the arm. People with C6 lesions have abduction and flexion of the arms, and wrist extension.
The location of lesions on different vertebrae tend to be associated with disability levels and functionality issues. People with C4 lesions can control electronic devices using a mouth controlled joystick. People with a lesion at C5 or C6 have an impairment that effects the use of their hands and lower arm. People with C5 can perform some actions with one of their arms, and can propel a wheelchair with modified rims that make it easier to do. People with C6 can have a weak grasp with their wrist. They can roll over in bed. They have some independence in that they can eat and groom themselves without assistance. They may also be able to transfer themselves to a wheelchair. In terms of motor functions, people in this class who are C4-C6 tetraplegics may have issues with their biceps, deltoids, rhomboids and rotor cuffs. They may have an absence of sensation in their hands, wrists and forearms. People in this class have a total respiratory capacity of 81% compared to people without a disability. The functional characteristics for this class at the 1990 Stoke Mandeville Games had this class scoring a 0 - 3 for triceps on the MRC scale, with severe weakness of the trunk and lower limbs.
People with spinal cord injuries in S2 tend to be tetraplegics with complete lesions below C6, or tetraplegics with complete lesions below C7 who have additional paralysis in their plexus or in one arm. These S2 swimmers have no hand or wrist flexion so are unable to catch water. Because of a lack of trunk control, they are unstable in the water and have hip drag. As they have no leg mobility, their legs drag. They normally swim the backstroke as they lack head control to breathe effectively for the freestyle. They start in the water, sometimes with assistance for initial propulsion.
For swimming with the most severe disabilities at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, floating devices and a swimming coach in the water swimming next to the Paralympic competitor were allowed. A study of was done comparing the performance of athletics competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m breaststroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m backstroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m freestyle. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m backstroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m freestyle. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A (SP1, SP2), and 1B (SP3) in the 25m breaststroke.
F2
This is wheelchair sport classification that corresponds to the neurological level C7. In the past, this class was known as 1B Complete, 1A Incomplete. The location of lesions on different vertebrae tend to be associated with disability levels and functionality issues. C7 is associated with elbow flexors. C8 is associated with finger flexors. Disabled Sports USA defined the anatomical definition of this class in 2003 as, ""Have functional elbow flexors and extensors, wrist dorsi-flexors and palmar flexors. Have good shoulder muscle function. May have some finger flexion and extension but not functional." People with lesions at C7 have stabilization and extension of the elbow and some extension of the wrist. People with a lesion at C7 have an impairment that effects the use of their hands and lower arm. They can use a wheelchair using their own power, and do everyday tasks like eating, dressing, and normal physical maintenance. People in this class have a total respiratory capacity of 79% compared to people without a disability.
Swimming classification is done based on a total points system, with a variety of functional and medical tests being used as part of a formula to assign a class. Part of this test involves the Adapted Medical Research Council (MRC) scale. For upper trunk extension, C8 complete are given 0 points.
Swimming classification is done based on a total points system, with a variety of functional and medical tests being used as part of a formula to assign a class. Part of this test involves the Adapted Medical Research Council (MRC) scale. For upper trunk extension, C8 complete are given 0 points.
People with spinal cord injuries in S2 tend to be tetraplegics with complete lesions below C6, or tetraplegics with complete lesions below C7 who have additional paralysis in their plexus or in one arm. These S2 swimmers have no hand or wrist flexion so are unable to catch water. Because of a lack of trunk control, they are unstable in the water and have hip drag. As they have no leg mobility, their legs drag. They normally swim the backstroke as they lack head control to breathe effectively for the freestyle. They start in the water, sometimes with assistance for initial propulsion.
For swimming with the most severe disabilities at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, floating devices and a swimming coach in the water swimming next to the Paralympic competitor were allowed. A study of was done comparing the performance of athletics competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m breaststroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m backstroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m freestyle. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m backstroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A (SP1, SP2), 1B (SP3), and 1C (SP3, SP4) in the 25m freestyle. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A (SP1, SP2), and 1B (SP3) in the 25m breaststroke.
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation."
Events
Swimmers in this class have a number of events they can participate in. They include the 50m and 100m Freestyle, 200m Freestyle, 50m Backstroke, 50m Butterfly, 50m Breaststroke and 150m Individual Medley events.
At the Paralympic Games
For this classification, organisers of the Paralympic Games have the option of including the following events on the Paralympic programme: 50m and 100m Freestyle, 200m Freestyle, 50m Backstroke, 50m Butterfly, 50m Breaststroke and 150m Individual Medley events.
For the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, the International Paralympic Committee had a zero classification at the Games policy. This policy was put into place in 2014, with the goal of avoiding last minute changes in classes that would negatively impact athlete training preparations. All competitors needed to be internationally classified with their classification status confirmed prior to the Games, with exceptions to this policy being dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Records
In the S2 50 m Freestyle Long Course, the men's world record is held by the American Curtis Lovejoy with a time of 01:00.11 and the women's world record is held by the Ukrainian Ganna Ielisavetska with a time of 01:07.15 in 2011. In the S2 100 m Freestyle Long Course, the men's world record is held by American Curtis Lovejoy and the women's world record is held by the Ukrainian Ganna Ielisavetska.
Getting classified
Swimming classification for S2 swimmers generally has three components. The first is a bench press. The second is water test. The third is in competition observation. As part of the water test, swimmers are often required to demonstrate their swimming technique for all four strokes. They usually swim a distance of 25 meters for each stroke. They are also generally required to demonstrate how they enter the water and how they turn in the pool.
In Australia, to be classified in this category, athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body. In the United States, classification is handled by the United States Paralympic Committee on a national level. The classification test has three components: "a bench test, a water test, observation during competition." American swimmers are assessed by four people: a medical classified, two general classified and a technical classifier.
Competitors
Swimmers who have competed in this classification include Jim Anderson, Sara Carracelas, Iryna Sotska who all won medals in their class at the 2008 Paralympics.
American swimmers who have been classified by the United States Paralympic Committee as being in these class include Nancy Anderson, Suzanne Collett and Curtis Lovejoy.
References
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
Parasports classifications
Due to the importance of surface weather observations from the surface of the ocean, the voluntary observing ship program, known as VOS, was set up to train crews how to take weather observations while at sea and also to calibrate weather sensors used aboard ships when they arrive in port, such as barometers and thermometers. An Automatic Voluntary Observing Ships (AVOS) System is an automated weather station that transmits VOS program reports.
See also
Old Weather
Gulf Stream#History
AIREP
PIREP
Citizen Weather Observer Program
Phenology
References
External links
The Joint WMO-IOC Technical Commission for Oceanography and Marine Meteorology (JCOMM)
JCOMM Voluntary Observing Ship Scheme
VOS on NOSA
Australian Voluntary Observing Fleet
Canadian Voluntary Observing Ships Program
Dutch Voluntary Observing Ships and PMO Web Site
Hong Kong Voluntary Observing Ships Scheme
Indian Voluntary Observing Fleet
United States Voluntary Observing Ship Program
Meteorological data and networks
Ernst Leuenberger (18 January 1945 – 30 June 2009) was a Swiss trade unionist and politician. They were a member of the National Council from 1983 to 1999, serving as president of the council in 1998, and a member of the Council of States from 1999 to 2009. They were a member of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland.
Biography
Leuenberger was born in Kräilingen, a settlement near Bätterkinden in the Canton of Bern and was raised in Solothurn. They studied economics and social science at the University of Bern. In Bern, they also became active politically and organized anti-Vietnam War protests. They became friends with Willi Ritschard, a member of the Federal Council, who encouraged them to seek the position of secretary of the Confederation of Trade Unions for the Canton of Solothurn in 1973.
In 1983, they were elected to the National Council for Solothurn. While serving at the national level, they remained active in the labor movement and, in 1990, ran for the presidency of the Swiss Trade Union Federation against Walter Renschler, but was defeated. In 1992, they sought a seat on the cantonal Executive Council in Solothurn, but also failed in that bid. They were asked to run for a seat on the Federal Council in 1995 to replace Otto Stich, but declined.
In 1997, while serving as Vice President of the National Council, they were elected as the President of the Union of Transport Workers, which they held until 2005. Later that year, they assumed the presidency of the National Council. In 1999, Leuenberger won a seat in the Council of States.
They stepped down as head of the transport workers union in 2005 in order to focus on their work at the federal level.
Leuenberger died on 30 June 2009 of cancer from which they had suffered since 2005.
References
External links
Webpage at Parliament of Switzerland
1945 births
2009 deaths
Members of the National Council (Switzerland)
Presidents of the National Council (Switzerland)
People from the canton of Solothurn
Social Democratic Party of Switzerland politicians
Kloof Nek Road, one of South Africa's oldest roads, was built in 1848 as an access road for the suburban pass with the same name which was used primarily as a look-out post for soldiers and a supply route to Camps Bay. The route starts at Kloof Street on the edge of the city bowl and turns into Camps Bay Road at the end of a mountain pass running between Table Mountain and Lion's Head. Despite being only two kilometers long, it is very steep with an average gradient 1:11. The summit of Kloof Nek Road is a small but complicated intersection that's not clearly visible on approach and often catch motorists unawares. The road's steepness may be a contributor the regular occurrence of often-fatal accidents on Kloof Nek Road.
Attractions, entertainment and activities along Kloof Nek Road
Table Mountain National Park
Turn into Tafelberg Road, the Table Mountain Aerial Cableway access road, from Kloof Nek Road when coming from the city bowl.
Several mountain hiking trails can be accessed from Tafelberg Road, just off Kloof Nek Road, where free parking can also be found.
Restaurants and Night Life
Rafiki's
Hallelujah
Beleza
Kyoto Garden Sushi
The Power and the Glory
Maharajah
The Sorrows
The Black Ram
Popular Attractions
Torino Chocolate House
Christopher Moller Art Gallery
Dinkel Bakery
Accommodation
Kloof Nek Suites
129 On Koof Nek
Transport
Every 1–5 minutes, buses run from the city center to Camps Bay. There are several stops in Kloof Nek Road as well as a stop close to the entrance of Tafelberg Road for visitors to the Table Mountain Aerial Cableway.
The MyCiTi Bus service runs a free shuttle from the parking area in Tafelberg Road to the Cableway boarding station in order to avoid congestion.
Also Read
Cape Town
Table Mountain
Lion's Head
Table Mountain National Park
Table Mountain Aerial Cableway
References
External links
The Black Ram
Torino Chocolate House
Accident in Kloof Nek Road
Steep Kloof Nek Road
Roads in Cape Town
James Rae Forgan (1876-1966) was a Scottish minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1940.
Life
They were born in Perth on 25 December 1876.
In 1898 they began studying divinity at the University of Edinburgh, graduating from MA in 1902.
They served as minister to Uddingston Chalmers United Free Church until 1918, then moving to St Stephens West Church in Broughty Ferry. In 1921 they went to Ayr Trinity United Free Church.
In the First World War they served as honorary chaplain to the forces. In 1929 the United Free Church re-amalgamated with the established Church of Scotland. Forgan remained in Ayr (thereafter known as St Columbas) and served as moderator to the entire church in 1940 before retiring in 1946.
They died on 14 December 1966 shortly before their 90th birthday.  They are buried with their wife in the modern north extension to Dean Cemetery on Queensferry Road in Edinburgh. The grave lies to the east, not far from the entrance on an east–west path.
Family
They were married to Essex Helen Gray (1878–1944) who predeceased them by over 20 years. A stained glass window in Ayr Trinity Church (now known as St Columbas) is dedicated to their memory.
References
1876 births
1966 deaths
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
Ministers of the United Free Church of Scotland
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Plants
Angiosperms
Pteridophyta
Arthropods
Insects
Archosauromorphs
Pseudosuchians
Dinosaurs
Sauropterygia
Nothosauroidea
References
Clara d'Anduza was a trobairitz from the first third of the 13th century, probably born to the ruling family of Anduze. Them only surviving work is a canso beginning En greu esmay et en greu pessamen. They were mentioned in a long razo to a canso of Uc de Saint Circ and was probably the addressee of a salut of Azalais d'Altier. They were probably acquainted with Pons de Capduelh.
Sources
Bruckner, Matilda Tomaryn; Shepard, Laurie; and White, Sarah. Songs of the Women Troubadours. New York: Garland Publishing, 1995. .
Trobairitz
Medieval women poets
13th-century French troubadours
French women poets
13th-century French women writers
Buga is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Ion Buga (born 1935), Moldovan politician
Kazimieras Būga (1879–1924), Lithuanian linguist and philologist
Konstantin Buga (born 1985), German boxer
Mihai Buga (born 1977), Romanian footballer
Mircea Buga (born 1968), Moldovan politician
Mugurel Buga (born 1977), Romanian footballer
Nataliya Buga (born 1971), Russian alpine skier
Victor Buga (born 1994), Moldovan footballer
See also
Romanian-language surnames
The 2011–12 Women's EHF Challenge Cup is the ongoing 18th edition of the European Handball Federation's third-tier competition for women's handball clubs, running from 30 September 2011 to 13 May 2012. The final will be played by Le Havre AC and 2011 runner-up Muratpasa BSK.
First qualifying round
Group A
Group B
Second qualifying round
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
References
Women's EHF Challenge Cup
EHF Challenge Cup
EHF Challenge Cup
Karabucak, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Darling Downs Power Station is in Kogan, Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. It is west of Dalby and owned by Origin Energy. The Darling Downs Power Station is adjacent to the QLD-NSW high voltage transmission Interconnector and the Powerlink Queensland R2 Braemar 330/275 kV Substation.
Darling Downs is a gas fired combined cycle gas turbine power station and is the largest of its type in Australia. It is powered by three 120 MW GE Frame 9E gas turbines and one 270 MW steam turbine, which generate a total of 630 MW of electricity. A 205 kilometre pipeline transports the gas to the station from gas fields near Wallumbilla. The power station uses less than 3% of the water that a traditional coal powered power station does by utilising air-cooled technology.
Origin Energy developed the power station and the construction costs for the project were $780 million. Darling Downs entered commercial operation in July 2010. and was officially opened on the 5 November 2010 by Premier Anna Bligh.
See also
List of power stations in Queensland
References
Natural gas-fired power stations in Queensland
Darling Downs
Western Downs Region
Cylindrocorporidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Diplogasterida.
Genera
Genera:
Cylindrocorpus
Goodeyus
Longibucca
References
Nematodes
Thaddeus Presbitero Durano Jr. (born August 17, 1974), also known as their stage name DJ Durano, is a Filipino actor, television personality, singer and recording artist. Their career in entertainment started as part of That's Entertainment of German Moreno. They have been the lead vocalist of bands like "Intense", "Musik Jive", "Frontline" and "Next Level".
Filmography
Television
Movies
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20110724093108/http://telebisyon.net/Deejay-Durano/artista/
https://web.archive.org/web/20110426031714/http://www.filipinomusica.com/dj-durano.html
External links
1974 births
Living people
21st-century Filipino male singers
That's Entertainment Wednesday Group Members
DJ
Filipino male comedians
Filipino male film actors
Filipino male television actors
Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz (; UKW), also known as the Casimir the Great University, is a state-funded university in Bydgoszcz, Poland. It was named after Casimir III the Great (Kazimierz III Wielki), the King of Poland (1333–70) who granted the city municipal rights on 19 April 1346.
History
Kazimierz Wielki University is a public university founded in 1968. As the university expanded, its organization structure and name changed.
It began as the Teachers Training College (1969–74) with three faculties: Humanities, Mathematics & Natural Sciences, and Pedagogy. It became the Higher School of Pedagogy from 1974 to 2000 devoted to teacher training. Then it became the Kazimierz Wielki Academy of Bydgoszcz from 2000 to 2005, and it has been the Kazimierz Wielki University since 13 May 2005.
Faculties
Faculty of Humanities
Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Technical Sciences
Faculty of Natural Sciences
Faculty of Pedagogy and Psychology
Faculty of Administration and Social Sciences
Faculty of Physical Education, Health and Tourism
Staff and student numbers
Casimir the Great University offers about 100 courses of study and specialties. In 2010 on university studied 14 000 students, of which about 33% were people from outside the region Kuyavian-Pomeranian. The university employed approximately 1,100 people, including 665 academic staff, 150 professors (including 60 titular).
University authorities
Rector Magnificus: Prof. Janusz Ostoja-Zagórski
Vice-Rector for University Organisation and Development: Prof. Piotr Malinowski
Vice-Rector for Research and International Relations: Prof. Sławomir Kaczmarek
Vice-Rector for Education: Prof. Roman Leppert
Administrative Director: Ewa Warczak, M.Sc.
Former rectors
Bolesław Ratusiow (23 March 1982 – 23 January 1984)
Kazimierz Nowak (23 January 1984 - ?)
Józef Banaszak (? - 31 August 1999)
Michał de Tchorzewski (1 September 1999 – 31 August 2002)
Adam Marcinkowski (1 September 2003 – 31 August 2006)
Józef Kubik (since 1 September 2006)
See also
List of universities in Poland
University of Technology and Life Sciences in Bydgoszcz
Collegium Medicum in Bydgoszcz of the Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń
Kujawsko-Pomorska Digital Library
References
External links
Official website (English version)
Official students' forum
University Accreditation Commission
Bydgoszcz
Buildings and structures in Bydgoszcz
Universities and colleges in Bydgoszcz
The 62 Reserve Artillery Regiment was a combat support unit of then 2 Eastern Reserve Brigades of the Irish Reserve Defence Forces. The Regiment maintained field gun batteries in the Defence Forces Training Center in the Curragh, Co. Kildare and at McKee Barracks in Dublin City, and drew its members from all walks of life in the Kildare, Offaly and North Dublin areas. The members were volunteer reservists with no specific criteria essential to enlist apart from a basic medical examination.
62 Regiments was formed by the amalgamation of 6 and 7 Field Artillery Regiments following the re-organisation of the Reserve Defence Forces in 2005.
Organisation
62 Regiments comprised a Regimental Headquarters, Headquarters battery and 3 Field Gun Batteries.
The Army Reserve from 2005-2013 comprised three brigades, organised along the standard infantry brigade model, plus the Reserve Defence Forces Training Authority. The brigades mirrored the organisation of the Permanent Defence Force and each unit within the Reserve Brigades had an affiliated Permanent Defence Force unit with which it has a direct working and support relationship.
Brigade Units, such as 62 Reserve Artillery Regiments, were affiliated with similar units in the relevant Brigade of the Permanent Defence Force.
Artillery Weapons
105mm Light Gun, 120mm RUAG Heavy Mortar. The 25-pounder was formerly used, with the last shoot within the regiment occurring on Wednesday, July 22, 2009.
2 Eastern Reserve Brigades
2 Eastern Reserve Brigades was affiliated with the 2 Eastern Brigade of the Permanent Defence Force. In this capacity it could have been called upon to provide support to the 2 Eastern Brigade in the security and administrative roles in the counties of Dublin, Kildare, Louth, Monaghan, Meath and Wicklow, although this never happened during its existence.
External links
62 Reserve Artillery Regiment websites
62 Reserve Cavalry Squadron website
62 Reserve CIS websites
2 Eastern Reserve Brigade All Arms Exercise
Artillery regiments
Regiments of the Irish Army
NKT Arena Karlskrona is a multi-purpose sporting arena providing both indoors and outdoors amenities, and is located in Karlskrona, Sweden. The arena was opened on 28 October 2005. It is the home arena of the ice hockey team Karlskrona HK and has various restaurants.
Events
The construction was divided into six venues for ice hockey, curling, badminton, tennis, gymnastics, swimming, and handball. During ice hockey events, the arena seats 5,050 spectators.
The arena hosted the 3rd semi-final of Melodifestivalen 2006 and the 4th semi-final of Melodifestivalen 2008.
See also
List of indoor arenas in Sweden
List of indoor arenas in Nordic countries
References
External links
Ice hockey venues in Sweden
Indoor ice hockey venues in Sweden
Sport in Karlskrona
Buildings and structures in Blekinge County
Telenor
Sports venues completed in 2005
2005 establishments in Sweden
The Symphony No. 41 in C major, Hoboken I/41, is a festive symphony by Joseph Haydn. The symphony was composed by 1769. It is scored for flute, two oboes, bassoon, two horns, two trumpets, timpani and strings.
The work is in four movements:
Allegro con spirito,
Un poco andante in F major,
Menuet & Trio,
Presto,
The flute appears only in the slow movement where it is featured prominently in several elegant solo passages. This is not unusual for Haydn's symphonies. Using that type of solo usually would seem out of place in the classical symphony. They felt the complete freedom to innovate as they wished, as they were composing in the relatively isolated palace of Esterhaza.
References
Symphony 041
Compositions in C major
1769 compositions
Sideroxylon lycioides, the buckthorn bully, is a small tree in the family Sapotaceae. It is widely distributed in the southeastern United States from Texas to southeast Virginia.
The fruit pulp is thin but edible and consumed by birds. Livestock browse the plant's foliage.
References
lycioides
Trees of the Southeastern United States
Trees of the Northeastern United States
Trees of the North-Central United States
Trees of the South-Central United States
Trees of the Great Lakes region (North America)
Yongfeng Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
The Braille pattern dots-2346 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top right, middle left, and both bottom dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top right, upper-middle left, and both lower-middle dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+282e, and in Braille ASCII with an exclamation mark: !.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-2346 is used to represent a voiced alveolar fricative or aspirate, such as /ð/ or /dʱ/, and is otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-2346 are Braille patterns 23467, 23468, and 234678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 3578, 13578, 34578, and 134578 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-2346, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 02346, 23467, and 023467 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 3578, 13578, 34578, or 134578
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-2346 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 方
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 3 + ほ/方 = 敖
- selector 4 + ほ/方 = 旁
- selector 5 + ほ/方 = 亡
- selector 6 + ほ/方 = 甫
- ほ/方 + selector 1 = 夕
- ほ/方 + selector 2 = 死
- ほ/方 + selector 2 + selector 2 = 歹
- ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 少
Compounds of 方
- つ/土 + ほ/方 = 坊
- ふ/女 + ほ/方 = 妨
- と/戸 + ほ/方 = 房
- い/糹/#2 + ほ/方 = 紡
- ⺼ + ほ/方 = 肪
- く/艹 + ほ/方 = 芳
- く/艹 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 蔟
- か/金 + く/艹 + ほ/方 = 錺
- せ/食 + く/艹 + ほ/方 = 餝
- え/訁 + ほ/方 = 訪
- さ/阝 + ほ/方 = 防
- ほ/方 + 氷/氵 = 放
- 仁/亻 + ほ/方 = 倣
- ほ/方 + 龸 = 於
- れ/口 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 唹
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 淤
- も/門 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 閼
- せ/食 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 鯲
- ほ/方 + ち/竹 = 施
- 心 + ほ/方 + ち/竹 = 葹
- ほ/方 + ゆ/彳 = 旅
- ⺼ + ほ/方 + ゆ/彳 = 膂
- ほ/方 + し/巿 = 旆
- ほ/方 + よ/广 = 旋
- ほ/方 + や/疒 = 族
- れ/口 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 嗾
- ち/竹 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 簇
- か/金 + ほ/方 + や/疒 = 鏃
- ほ/方 + き/木 = 旗
- ち/竹 + ほ/方 + き/木 = 籏
- 囗 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 圀
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 彷
- ほ/方 + ふ/女 + selector 4 = 旃
- ほ/方 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 旄
- ほ/方 + せ/食 + い/糹/#2 = 旌
- ほ/方 + 宿 + く/艹 = 旒
- ほ/方 + 宿 + の/禾 = 旙
- ほ/方 + の/禾 + た/⽥ = 旛
- 心 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 枋
- ふ/女 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 舫
- と/戸 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 髣
- せ/食 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 魴
Compounds of 敖
- 火 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 熬
- む/車 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 螯
- ひ/辶 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 遨
- せ/食 + selector 3 + ほ/方 = 鰲
- な/亻 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 傲
- れ/口 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 嗷
- ほ/方 + 比 + め/目 = 鼇
Compounds of 旁
- な/亻 + ほ/方 = 傍
- ゑ/訁 + ほ/方 = 謗
- 心 + selector 4 + ほ/方 = 蒡
- き/木 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 榜
- に/氵 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 滂
- ま/石 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 磅
- ⺼ + 宿 + ほ/方 = 膀
Compounds of 亡
- る/忄 + ほ/方 = 忙
- め/目 + ほ/方 = 盲
- ほ/方 + 心 = 忘
- ほ/方 + ら/月 = 望
- ほ/方 + ふ/女 = 妄
- 仁/亻 + ほ/方 + ふ/女 = 侫
- る/忄 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 惘
- に/氵 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 瀛
- ⺼ + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 肓
- 心 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 芒
- か/金 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 鋩
- く/艹 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 茫
- む/車 + selector 5 + ほ/方 = 虻
- ほ/方 + み/耳 + ん/止 = 氓
Compounds of 甫
- も/門 + ほ/方 = 匍
- れ/口 + ほ/方 = 哺
- て/扌 + ほ/方 = 捕
- に/氵 + ほ/方 = 浦
- 心 + に/氵 + ほ/方 = 蒲
- り/分 + ほ/方 = 舗
- り/分 + り/分 + ほ/方 = 舖
- ね/示 + ほ/方 = 補
- ⺼ + selector 6 + ほ/方 = 脯
- ひ/辶 + selector 6 + ほ/方 = 逋
- せ/食 + selector 6 + ほ/方 = 鯆
- 囗 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 圃
- つ/土 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 埔
- 心 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 葡
- む/車 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 輔
- か/金 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 鋪
- せ/食 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 餔
- し/巿 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 黼
Compounds of 夕
- ほ/方 + ほ/方 = 多
- た/⽥ + ほ/方 = 夥
- selector 1 + ほ/方 + ほ/方 = 夛
- な/亻 + ほ/方 + ほ/方 = 侈
- 龸 + ほ/方 = 夢
- な/亻 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 儚
- 火 + ほ/方 = 炙
- の/禾 + ほ/方 = 移
- ほ/方 + れ/口 = 名
- 心 + ほ/方 + れ/口 = 茗
- せ/食 + ほ/方 + れ/口 = 酩
- ほ/方 + と/戸 = 外
- ひ/辶 + ほ/方 + と/戸 = 迯
- む/車 + ほ/方 = 舞
- さ/阝 + ほ/方 + selector 1 = 夘
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + selector 1 = 汐
- ほ/方 + き/木 + き/木 = 梦
- ほ/方 + selector 5 + い/糹/#2 = 舛
Compounds of 死 and 歹
- 宿 + ほ/方 = 夙
- ほ/方 + ぬ/力 = 列
- ほ/方 + 火 = 烈
- ほ/方 + ね/示 = 裂
- 氷/氵 + ほ/方 + ぬ/力 = 冽
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + ぬ/力 = 洌
- ほ/方 + な/亻 = 殆
- ほ/方 + か/金 = 殊
- ほ/方 + 囗 = 残
- ほ/方 + ほ/方 + 囗 = 殘
- ほ/方 + め/目 = 殖
- ほ/方 + み/耳 = 殱
- ほ/方 + ほ/方 + み/耳 = 殲
- ほ/方 + す/発 = 殉
- 氷/氵 + ほ/方 + selector 2 = 斃
- く/艹 + ほ/方 + selector 2 = 薨
- ほ/方 + に/氵 + の/禾 = 歿
- ほ/方 + 宿 + け/犬 = 殀
- ほ/方 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 殃
- ほ/方 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 殄
- ほ/方 + 龸 + う/宀/#3 = 殍
- ほ/方 + 宿 + ま/石 = 殕
- ほ/方 + を/貝 + れ/口 = 殞
- ほ/方 + 宿 + 数 = 殤
- ほ/方 + る/忄 + selector 1 = 殪
- ほ/方 + れ/口 + れ/口 = 殫
- ほ/方 + う/宀/#3 + を/貝 = 殯
Compounds of 少
- 氷/氵 + ほ/方 = 沙
- ふ/女 + 氷/氵 + ほ/方 = 娑
- 心 + 氷/氵 + ほ/方 = 莎
- ね/示 + 氷/氵 + ほ/方 = 裟
- せ/食 + 氷/氵 + ほ/方 = 鯊
- ほ/方 + せ/食 = 毟
- ほ/方 + い/糹/#2 = 雀
- も/門 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 尠
- き/木 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 杪
- め/目 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 眇
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 渺
- ゐ/幺 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 緲
- か/金 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 鈔
- の/禾 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 穆
- い/糹/#2 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 紗
Other compounds
- 囗 + ほ/方 = 囮
- け/犬 + ほ/方 = 奉
- き/木 + ほ/方 = 棒
- な/亻 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 俸
- て/扌 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 捧
- 日 + ほ/方 = 曙
- や/疒 + ほ/方 = 峰
- か/金 + ほ/方 = 鋒
- ほ/方 + む/車 = 蜂
- ひ/辶 + ほ/方 = 逢
- 心 + ほ/方 = 蓬
- ゐ/幺 + ほ/方 = 縫
- ち/竹 + ひ/辶 + ほ/方 = 篷
- み/耳 + ほ/方 = 聾
- を/貝 + ほ/方 = 贅
- ほ/方 + 日 = 屠
- や/疒 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 峯
- 火 + 宿 + ほ/方 = 烽
- む/車 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 蚌
Notes
Braille patterns
"Safe" is the first single by American Christian and gospel singer Phil Wickham from their third studio album Heaven & Earth, which features MercyMe's frontman Bart Millard. The single has made it into the top 20 on Billboard's Christian AC and Soft AC/Inspirational charts and reached #4 on the Billboard's Christian songs chart on January 3.
Background
Collaboration
Reception
Critical response
"Safe" has received extremely positive review from most critics.
Kevin Davis from Christian Music Review writes that Safe "serve[s] to encourage, strengthen and remind listeners that they are not alone as [the lyrics] say, 'You will be safe in Their arms, You will be safe in Their arms, the hands that hold the world are holding Your heart, this is the promise They made They will be with You always, when everything is falling apart you will be safe in Their arms.' "
"The first time I listened to Phil's single Safe, I was amazed over how the message connected and really appreciate its relevance to all that is going on in the world these days," says WAY-FM Network Program Director, Tate Luck. "The sound is fresh and Bart Millard's participation is a great touch!"
" Safe certainly does live up to its name in terms of being a song that will tickle the fancies of Contemporary Christian radio programmers looking for something different to play. Don't get the song wrong, though; Wickham's bright baritone overflows with passion as they sing about how safe we are in the arms of our Savior." -Gannsdeen.com
Chart performance
The song has reached #4 on the Billboard's Christian songs chart on January 3, and made it up to #31 and #32 Top 300 iTunes Christian & Gospel Song Downloads/Top 300 iTunes Inspirational Song Downloads respectively, the song also entered top 10 spot on the USA Today Christian chart, and #7 on the Top 10 Christian Music Hits Chart of Christian Music About on its debut week.
References
2009 singles
Gospel songs
2009 songs
Phil Wickham songs
Songs written by Phil Wickham
The Deer Creek/Bryson Paddock Sites are the remains of 18th century fortified villages of the Wichita tribe located along the Arkansas River in Kay County, Oklahoma.
Location and history
The Deer Creek Site is located east of Newkirk, Oklahoma. It is situated on a low bluff overlooking the Arkansas River. The Bryson Paddock site is almost 2 miles (3 km) north also on a low bluff near the river. Both sites were fortified with log and earth stockades surrounding villages of grass-thatched conical houses typical of the Wichita Indians. An archaeologist has estimated that the sites had a population of 3,000 people. Some of the houses were large. One, excavated by archaeologists, had a diameter of 42 feet.
It appears that the inhabitants of the two sites were the Wichita descendants of the Quivira people visited by Francisco Vásquez de Coronado in 1541 in central Kansas and the Rayados visited by Cristobal de Oñate in 1601 near Arkansas City, Kansas. The reason the Quivirans moved south to these sites about 1720 is probably due to two factors. First, the Wichita were under pressure from the Apache and Comanche on the west and the Osage on the east, The Deer Creek/Bryson Paddock sites may have been more secure against attacks. Secondly, located on the Arkansas River, near the head of navigation for large canoes, French traders could transport trade goods to the sites by boat. Archaeologists have found metal tools and glass beads of French and English origin at the site. The Wichita probably traded buffalo skins and meat (jerky) to the French in exchange. Some French traders may have lived at the sites.
The Wichita were known to be excellent farmers and their villages were surrounded by fields of corn, beans, squash, watermelon (introduced by the Spanish), tobacco, native plums, and possibly other fruits and nuts. A metate (grinding stone) weighing hundreds of pounds has been found at the sites which indicates large scale processing of corn meal. They traded their agricultural products to the buffalo hunting Plains Indians.
Archaeologists believe the Wichita moved away from the site in 1758, probably to escape Osage attacks. The French negotiated a peace between the Wichita and the Comanche in 1746, and the Wichita journeyed south to new homes in the Red River valley on the border between Texas and Oklahoma. There they became major allies and trade partners of the Comanche.
Excavation
Joseph Thoburn of the University of Oklahoma knew about the site in 1914 and excavated it in 1917. In 1926 they found a map listing a settlement, "Fernandina," in the area of the Deer Creek Site, so they concluded it was the first non-Indian settlement in the area; however, the map was created in 1860. Ethnohistorian Mildren Mott Wedel asserted in 1981 that Fernandina or Ferdinandina had no connection to the 18th century Wichita village. Excavations in 2004 found a large number of trade items.
The Deer Creek Site and the Bryson Paddock site were declared National Historic Landmarks in 1964 and 1979 respectively. The US Army Corps of Engineers currently owns the Deer Creek site. The Bryson Paddock site is under private ownership. To prevent desecration of the sites, the exact location is not disclosed.
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kay County, Oklahoma
References
National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Geography of Kay County, Oklahoma
Wichita tribe
Archaeological sites in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Kay County, Oklahoma
"Hold You Down" is a song by American rock band X Ambassadors. It was released as the third single from their second studio album, Orion, on May 31, 2019.
Composition and lyrical interpretation
According to TuneBat.com, Hold You Down are written in the key of D♭ minor and has a tempo of 79 beats per minute.
The song is described by frontman Sam Harris as "a song about devotion. Saying to that one person... 'no matter what happens, I will always be there for you.'"
Music video
The music video was released on the same day as the song. The video features home footage of Sam Harris and keyboardist Casey Harris growing up as brothers in Ithaca, New York.
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
X Ambassadors songs
Songs written by Ricky Reed
Songs written by Jacob Kasher
Songs written by Malay (record producer)
Kidinakorner singles
Interscope Records singles
Janice Marie Young (born Janice Marie Brock and known primarily by their middle name) was a formerly unidentified American girl who was pushed into the path of a moving vehicle on June 9, 1973.
A man (Lawrence Dorn) was arrested for their murder, but the charge against them was eventually dropped, as the suspect's "intent could not be proven."
The victim was identified on May 20, 2015, nearly 42 years after their death, after Young's biological younger brother, Timothy Young, noticed similarities between the unidentified victim and the circumstances surrounding their runaway sister. The match was then confirmed through DNA.
Physical description and circumstances
At around 1:00 AM on June 9, 1973, a teenage girl was seen arguing with a man at the intersection of 11th Avenue South and 8th Street South in St. Petersburg, Florida. They were armed with a knife and a broken bottle. The man, later identified as Lawrence Dorn, shoved them into the path of a moving truck, stating this was an act of self defense. They died at the scene.
The victim appeared to be between 14 and 16 years old, but may have been as young as 11 or as old as 20. Them hair was auburn, wavy, and shoulder-length. Them eyes were noted as a distinctive shade of blue. They had noticeably short fingernails, which is consistent with nail biting. Other distinctive features were three birthmarks on their back, a chipped tooth, no visible dental work, and freckles on their shoulders. It is possible that their tooth was chipped as a result of being struck by the vehicle.
The victim had two earrings in one ear, and a piercing in their other ear that had healed. They wore a ring that was missing its stone. At the time of their death, they were wearing a multicolored dress and purple tights.
Investigation
It was strongly believed that the deceased girl was a runaway. It was known that they had been given clothing by other people, indicating they had little in the way of belongings.
They had been spoken to by police officers shortly before their death. These officers believed that they were not the person whom they were trying to locate at that time. They had given various alias names during previous confrontations, using their birth name as well as the first names of "Cindy", "Maria" and "Marie" and the last name of "Bromke."
It was suspected that they were involved with the illegal drug trade and that this may have been a motive for their death.
Among their possessions was a letter written in pencil with the name "Gloria" on it. The letter said that they were "on break," which led to speculation that they may have had a job at the time. It also made references to people whom they had met in the states of North Carolina and Virginia. The penmanship was said to be poor, and no address was on the envelope.
Dorn was arrested and charged with the victim's murder. Eventually, this was reduced to manslaughter, but charges were later dropped and the criminal case was closed. The reason was that police were unable to "prove [Dorn's] intent" when they pushed Young.
They were buried in Memorial Park Cemetery in St. Petersburg, Florida. In 2010, their body was exhumed from an unmarked grave to obtain a DNA sample, in the hope that it would aid in identifying them
Identification
Janice Marie Young was identified on May 20, 2015. Timothy Young, their younger brother, had reportedly searched for decades for their missing sister. They had been using their adoptive name, "Young", when making this search. When they made an Internet search using Janice's birth name (Brock), they found a police sketch of the victim, which bore a strong resemblance to Janice. They subsequently reported this to police by telephone on January 28, 2015.
Investigator Brenda Stephenson was faxed documents regarding the adoption of Janice and Timothy. They stated that they knew immediately that Janice was the unidentified girl after reading their name on the documents. Janice's DNA was later compared with that found in the victim's remains and proved to be a positive match. The two siblings had lived in foster care after being taken from the custody of their parents. Their family name was changed from "Brock" to "Young" after they were legally adopted in 1969.
Janice had run away from their adoptive parents' home in Newport News, Virginia, after being raped by an adoptive sibling; their brother had witnessed the rape. They told their brother of their intention of running away, packed a pillow case with belongings, left the home, and did not return.
Them remains were eventually transported to their brother for cremation.
References
External links
1973 in Florida
20th century in St. Petersburg, Florida
Burials in Florida
Deaths by person in Florida
Incidents of violence against women
June 1973 events in the United States
Pedestrian road incident deaths
History of women in Florida
Face to Face is the second studio album by Trevor Rabin released in 1979.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Trevor Rabin; except where indicated
Personnel
Trevor Rabin - vocals, guitar, bass, keyboards
Kevin Kruger - drums
Dave Mattacks - drums
Rene Arnell - backing vocals
Technical
Jon Kelly, Jon Walls - engineers
Geoff Emerick, Hennie Hartmann - recording
References
1979 albums
Trevor Rabin albums
Albums produced by Trevor Rabin
Chrysalis Records albums
The Bard's Tale III: Thief of Fate is a computer fantasy role-playing video game created by Interplay Productions in 1988. It is the second sequel to The Bard's Tale. It was designed by Rebecca Heineman, Bruce Schlickbernd, and Michael A. Stackpole. The game was released for the Amiga, Apple II (64k), Commodore 64, and DOS.
Story
The player characters receive a letter from a dying man who informs them that, during a celebration of your defeat of the evil wizard Mangar, their true master—the Mad God Tarjan—arrived and unleashed foul creatures that destroyed the town of Skara Brae. The box cover states it thus:
Skara Brae is in ruins. Roscoe's Energy Emporium stands vacant. The Equipment Shoppe went under so quickly Garth was crushed. Your Bard hasn't stopped whimpering since they realized all the taverns were closed.... Someone—or some thing—has sealed the city's fate with an evil so vast, so unspeakable, that a host of Paladins and an army of Archmages are out-matched. Hard times call for subtlety. Smaller is better. Sneakier is better. What the world needs now is a thief. The Thief of Fate.
The game begins in a refugee camp outside the ruined Skara Brae, which replaces the now-destroyed adventurer's guild from the previous games. Besides the city ruins, the wilderness features a temple for healing, a tavern, and a number of special locations from where the party will embark on missions to other worlds over the course of their quest.
Skara Brae was scaled down considerably. The ruins are 16x16 map tiles instead of the city's 30x30 layout from The Bard's Tale I, though its layout remains recognizable. In the ruins of the Review Board, an old man—the sole survivor—directs the party to first kill one Brilhasti ap Tarj, a servant of the mad god Tarjan, in the "Mad God" dungeon below Skara Brae, a startup quest for the characters to attain power, which can be ignored if powerful characters were carried over from previous games. Next, the old man orders the party to retrieve artifacts from several other worlds and also teaches the group the chronomancer spells to be used at certain points in the wilderness to travel to these parallel dimensions and back:
Arboria (from Twilight Copse): Pleasant elf realm including the city of Ciera Brannia. They have to bring back the hero Valarian or get Valarian's Bow and the Arrows of Life. It turns out Valarian is long since dead and buried in a sacred grove with the items. The king will only allow the party to enter the grove if they first kill the local villain Tslotha Garnath with the Nightspear that can be obtained from Valarian's Tower. In Arboria, the party meets the warrior Hawkslayer for the first time, though they recall meeting them before (a hint at the fact that the party is travelling not only between dimensions but also across time in their quest).
Gelidia (from Cold Peak): The party is next tasked to bring Lanatir or, if they cannot convince them to come, Lanatir's Sphere and the Wand of Power back from this dimension of magic. Gelidia turns out to be an icy wasteland with a great ice keep. In a nearby hut, a diary is found with the frozen corpse of a half-elf later identified as Alendar, who is suggested to be dead for a thousand years already. The diary relates how the garrison, lacking a hero like Hawkslayer this time, fared poorly against attackers who killed the god Lanatir. Lanatir was buried in their keep by their remaining followers, who then sealed it with powerful magic. Alendar, the last survivor, finally cast a spell of eternal winter upon the land to vanquish the invaders and then died in the cold himself.
Lucencia (from Crystal Springs): Shocked at the news of Lanatir's death as much as Valarian's, the old man sends the party to another pleasant world, Lucencia, where the gnome city of Celaria Bree is located. The party has to get the Belt of Alliria and the Crown of Truth. Unsurprisingly, Alliria has been dead for many moons already, and the items have to be retrieved from their tomb. This involves overcoming a dragon, and also Alliria's lover Cyanis, who was driven mad by being forced to watch Tarjan torture Alliria to death.
Kinestia (from Old Dwarf Mine): In this dwarven realm, the party has to retrieve Ferofist's Helm and the Hammer of Wrath. They arrive in the middle of a great war of the dwarves against robot-themed monsters and meet Hawkslayer again, curiously before they met them in Arboria. Ferofist is found mortally wounded. They ask the party to destroy the fruits of their foolish alliance with the dark one and leaves directions to the heart of the mechanical invasion. There, the party encounters Urmech, an artificial being who themselves was created by Ferofist in violation of the God's Pact against further creation (a heinous act that, according to Urmech, helped free the dark one). When confronted, Urmech turns out to be quite reasonable. They point out that they have done no evil except to live, and that they created others of their kind to protect them and so that they will not be all alone. Having found or perhaps created a new kind of magic, Urmech offers to train certain character classes to become Geomancers, a new type of spellcaster. They also surrender Ferofist's items to the party willingly, if they ask; though there is also the option of fighting them to claim the items.
Tenebrosia (from Shadow Rock): This world of paradox features a wilderness named "Nowhere" and a town called Black Scar. The party has to bring Sceadu's Cloak and the Helm of Justice back. Having allied with Tarjan, Sceadu will not willingly give away the items and has to be tracked down and slain in combat.
Tarmitia (from the Vale of Lost Warriors): The "land of unceasing warfare" is a dimension of perpetual war, with the party moving between interwoven battle sites such as Berlin, Rome, Troy, Hiroshima, Wasteland, Stalingrad, and Nottingham until they arrive at Tarmatia, where they have to obtain Werra's Shield and the Strifespear by besting the war god in combat. As mere mortals, they cannot really kill him, but then they are caught up in an attack by another deity immediately afterwards and witness Werra's death. They get the shield, but learn that the Strifespear was given to Hawkslayer.
Malefia (from Sulphur Springs): Upon returning to the old man, the party finds them mortally wounded. They instruct them to seek out and vanquish Tarjan in their domain, provides the spells required to go there and back (EVIL and LIVE), and reveals the location of the items the party brought back before they die. From this point onwards, characters cannot level up in Skara Brae, but need to go to a Review Board in one of the Dimensions. With the items retrieved on their previous quests, the party can navigate Malefia, where they find the Strifespear on Hawkslayer's corpse, and finally confront and vanquish Tarjan himself. The canonical strategy (per the cluebook) is for a character of the thief or rogue class to kill Tarjan, by using their special combat ability to sneak up on an opponent from behind, hence the game's subtitle "Thief of Fate".
With Tarjan defeated, it is revealed that the player party took the places of the deities Tarjan killed, becoming a set of new stars in the sky.
Gameplay
This dungeon crawl game featured several improvements over its predecessors:
A graphical auto-mapping system for the 84 dungeon levels in the game (it was the first game to offer this type of map interface)
An enhanced save game feature
Two new spellcaster character classes (geomancer and chronomancer)
According to Shay Addams, The Bard's Tale III is:
Reception
A 1988 review in Computer Gaming World described Bard's Tale III as an improvement over its predecessor, but "still too heavily oriented towards mega-combat." The magazine in 1993 stated that "the series redeemed itself with the third installment, flawed though it was", adding that "the best parts are the quests themselves ... worth playing". One of the chief complaints with the game is, unlike in the first two titles, where spell points (which are expended to use spells) could be recharged instantly an unlimited number of times for a fee at Roscoe's Energy Emporium, there is no such method in this title. To recharge spell points of a spellcaster, the player must either spend time in outdoor areas during the day (spell points are regenerated by sunlight), equip mage-only weapons granting continuous spell point regeneration, or find and use an item called a harmonic gem, which are limited in number within the game.
The game was reviewed in 1988 in Dragon #138 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 3 out of 5 stars.
Production
Michael Cranford, the creator of the Bard's Tale series, was not involved in this sequel, as they had decided to leave Interplay to study philosophy and theology.
The Bard's Tale III programmer Heineman has said that the original name of this game was to be Tales of the Unknown - Volume III: The Thief's Tale. Heineman also once sought to continue creating new Bard's Tale games, but was unsuccessful in obtaining the rights from Electronic Arts.
Michael A. Stackpole created the storyline of The Bard's Tale III and made maps for it. They have since become a successful author, having penned many novels in the hugely popular Star Wars and BattleTech series.
Bruce Schlickbernd and Michael Stackpole also collaborated on Interplay's Wasteland, Star Trek: 25th Anniversary, and Star Trek: Judgment Rites.
Remastered
During the Kickstarter campaign to create a proper fourth installment to the series, inXile partnered with Rebecca Heineman and their company Olde Sküül to remaster the original trilogy for modern personal computers running macOS and Microsoft Windows (instead of the emulated versions offered by inXile). After reaching an impasse in development, Olde Sküül and inXile agreed to transfer the project to Krome Studios.
The game was released as part of the remastered The Bard's Tale Trilogy on February 26, 2019. The remastered edition of the original trilogy was released for Xbox One on August 13, 2019. This followed the acquisition of inXile Entertainment by Microsoft. The collection supports Xbox Play Anywhere.
See also
Silversword
References
External links
The Bard's Tale Compendium
The Bard's Tale III at GameBase64
Bard's Tale Online
1988 video games
Amiga games
Apple II games
Commodore 64 games
DOS games
Fantasy video games
First-person party-based dungeon crawler video games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
Interplay Entertainment games
NEC PC-9801 games
Role-playing video games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in Australia
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
Xbox Cloud Gaming games
Single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
David Lewis Hamilton (born September 29, 1997) is an American professional baseball shortstop and second baseman for the Boston Red Sox organization.
Hamilton attended San Marcos High School in San Marcos, Texas. The Los Angeles Angels selected them in the 28th round of the 2016 MLB draft, but they did not sign with the Angels. They enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin, where they played college baseball for the Texas Longhorns. In 2018, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Yarmouth–Dennis Red Sox of the Cape Cod Baseball League. They tore their achilles tendon, causing them to miss their junior season in 2019. The Milwaukee Brewers selected Hamilton in the eighth round, with the 253rd overall selection, of the 2019 MLB draft. They signed with the Brewers, forgoing their senior season at Texas.
During the 2020 season, Hamilton played for Team Texas in Constellation Energy League, following the cancellation of the 2020 Minor League Baseball season due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, they played for the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers in High-A Central. They stole six bases in a game on June 2, setting a franchise record. In August, the Brewers promoted them to the Biloxi Shuckers of Double-A South.
On December 1, 2021, the Brewers traded Hamilton, Jackie Bradley Jr., and Alex Binelas to the Boston Red Sox for Hunter Renfroe. In their first game with the Double-A Portland Sea Dogs, Hamilton went 5-for-7 with two home runs, seven RBIs, and a stolen base.
References
Further reading
External links
Texas Longhorns biography
1997 births
Living people
People from San Marcos, Texas
Baseball infielders
Texas Longhorns baseball players
Yarmouth–Dennis Red Sox players
Wisconsin Timber Rattlers players
Biloxi Shuckers players
Salt River Rafters players
Portland Sea Dogs players
The men's long jump event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21 and 22 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 August
Qualifications
21 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 35 athletes from 29 countries participated in the event.
References
Long jump
Long jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in McCurtain County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in McCurtain County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 16 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
McCurtain County
Pigs in Heaven () is a 1993 novel by Barbara Kingsolver; it is the sequel to their first novel, The Bean Trees. It continues the story of Taylor Greer and Turtle, their adopted Cherokee daughter. It highlights the strong relationships between mothers and daughters, with special attention given to the customs, history, and present living situation of the Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma. It is Kingsolver's first book to appear on the New York Times Best Seller list.
The New York Times Book Review praised Kingsolver's "extravagantly gifted narrative voice" and called the novel a "resounding achievement".
References
Novels by Barbara Kingsolver
1994 American novels
Sequel novels
Novels set in Oklahoma
HarperCollins books
Cherokee in popular culture
Books about Native Americans
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University may refer to:
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Anantapur
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Ramagundam
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Sultanpur
See also
Jawaharlal Nehru University
Demequina flava is a Gram-positive bacterium from the genus Demequina which has been isolated from marine sediments from the Rishiri Island in Japan.
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2013
Laurie Heineman (born August 4, 1948) is an American actor and teacher, probably best known for the role of Myra in the John G. Avildsen film Save the Tiger and for originating the role of Sharlene Frame on Another World.
Currently they teach Shakespeare and other classics to home schoolers, and runs workshops at libraries and private events throughout New England and in New York City. Heineman is a board certified art therapist who brings spoken word events to seniors, and they are an experienced teacher, and the co-author of a book on teaching Shakespeare, AP Classroom, A Midsummer Night's Dream.
They played Sharlene Frame Watts Matthews from 1975–77 and was awarded the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Actress in a Daytime Drama Series in 1978.
Heineman starred in the mini-series Loose Change, also starring Cristina Raines. They had an earlier daytime role on As the World Turns (as Mary Jackson, 1961–66). Other films in which they appeared were The Lady in Red and the satire All the President's Women. They made periodic guest appearances on such primetime series as Kaz, Lou Grant, Hart to Hart, The Incredible Hulk, The Streets of San Francisco, Rafferty (TV Series), and Law & Order. They co-starred in the television miniseries Studs Lonigan, and in such television movies as Terror on the 40th Floor Most recently, they appeared as themselves in the documentaries A Touch of Greatness, about their teacher and mentor, Albert Cullum, and the BBC's Hollywood Greats (documentary on Jack Lemmon); accessed August 9, 2015. Heineman appears as Constance M. Sweeney, a judge at the center of the clerical sex abuse trials in the film Spotlight.
Heineman appeared on, off and off-off Broadway and in theatrical productions around the nation, including comedies, dramas, and numerous Shakespearean productions. They were an original member of the improv group, "The Proposition", also starring Fred Grandy and Jane Curtin. As a child they appeared in Naked City (Season 3, Episode 23: 3 Mar 1962 - THE ONE MARKED HOT GIVES COLD) and East Side/West Side, as well as on live television in the U.S. Steel Hour.
References
1948 births
Living people
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Chicago
American child actores
American film actores
American soap opera actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Art therapists
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series winners
Drama teachers
Samuel or Sam Parks may refer to:
Sam Parks Jr. (1909–1997), American golfer
Samuel C. Parks (1820–1917), American lawyer and jurist
Samuel Parks, character in The $5,000,000 Counterfeiting Plot
See also
Samuel Parkes (disambiguation)
The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura 1998 season (officially "Copa Pilsener Apertura 1999") started on August 28, 1998, and finished on December 27, 1998.
The season saw Alianza win its 7th league title after a 1-0 victory over C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo in the final.
Promotion and relegation
Teams promoted
C.D. Sonsonate
Teams relegated
El Roble
Table
Apertura 1998
Firpo 33 puntos
Alianza 32 puntos
FAS 29 puntos
Águila 29 puntos
Team information
Personnel and sponsoring
Semifinals 1st Leg
Semifinals 2nd Leg
Final
Top scorers
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in Apertura 1998. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
ADET
C.D. Águila
Alianza F.C.
Alejandro Curbelo
Arabe Marte
(player released mid season)
(player Injured mid season)
Injury replacement player
Dragon
C.D. FAS
Miguel Mariano
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Celio Rodríguez
Mauricio Dos Santos
Raul Toro
Municipal Limeno
Santa Clara
Sonsonate
External links
http://www.rsssf.com/tablese/elsal99.html
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura seasons
El
1
George Lane, better known as Clubfoot George, was an alleged outlaw who was hanged on January 14, 1864 in Nevada City, Montana. Lane was later alleged to have been a member of a criminal gang known as the Gang of Innocents and sentenced to death. The execution was carried out by the Montana Vigilantes, a committee which functioned during Montana's gold rush in 1863 and 1864.
Early life and journey west
Lane was born in Massachusetts and suffered from a congenital deformity in their foot. They were a laborer from Massachusetts who traveled to the Western United States to find work. Lane then worked several jobs in California, Idaho, and Montana but was haunted by persistent allegations that they were a horse thief.
Sometime between 1848 and 1855, during the California Gold Rush, Lane moved west. This was then a common practice among adventurous men. While in California they worked at a farm in Yuba County and later as a store clerk in Calaveras County.
In 1860, Lane moved to Washington Territory following the path of gold miners. Two years later they were accused of "running off horses" in Idaho and turned themselves in to the commander of Fort Lapwai. Lane was sentenced to do construction work. The next year they were accused of stealing horses again, but escaped the town before they were caught. Lane then moved to Virginia City in Montana, another common destination for gold miners.
Virginia City
Lane came to Virginia City in the fall of 1863, the same year that the Montana Vigilantes Committee was formed. In Virginia City, Lane became a boot maker working for Dance and Stuart's Store. Their employers respected them as a hard worker.
In December 1863, a member of the Innocents gang, George Ives, was subjected to a vigilante trial in Nevada City, Montana. Lane rode to Bannack, Montana in order to inform Bannack sheriff Henry Plummer of the trial. Lane's aim was to convince Plummer that they should request a civilian trial for George Ives. After they learned that Plummer was absent, Lane spoke with two of Plummer's deputies. They complained to them of the common vigilantism in Virginia City. Their sentiments were seen as suspicious by the deputies, who soon had Lane arrested. They were told that they were arrested because they were "a road agent, thief, and an accessory to numerous robberies and murders on the highway". They did not resist arrest, but told them that "If you hang me, you will hang an innocent man."
Though some local residents believed that Lane was innocent, the members of the Vigilantes Committee still found them guilty and sentenced them to death by hanging. Shortly before the execution, Lane appealed to their employer to confirm their innocence. Dance responded that although Lane was always honest in dealings at work, they had no knowledge of George's other activities. Dance also admitted that the evidence against Lane was rather strong. Lane asked for no more help, but they said, "Well, then, will you pray with me?" Dance agreed: "Willingly, George; most willingly," and, according to biographer Langford, "suiting the action to the word, the judge dropped upon their knees, and, with George and Gallagher kneeling beside him, offered up a fervent petition in behalf of the doomed men."
Lane was then led out of the building to the gallows. They saw a friend of theirs who came to see the execution and said to him, "Good-bye, old fellow. I'm gone". Lane then took action, and witnesses reported that "without waiting for the box to be removed, they leaped from it, and died with hardly a struggle".
One witness to the execution said that "He was perfectly cool and collected... They evidently thought no more of hanging than the ordinary man eating their breakfast."
Sheriff-outlaw Henry Plummer and their deputies, Buck Stinson and Ned Ray, also alleged members of the gang, were already arrested before on the morning of January 10, 1864 and summarily hanged.
Burial and exhumation
Lane was buried in an unmarked grave in Boot Hill cemetery along with other executed men. In 1907, some residents of Virginia City started questioning who was buried in each grave in the cemetery. A former vigilante showed questioners where exactly Lane was buried. The body was exhumed and their mummified club foot was found. For some time the club foot was kept in the courthouse, but later it was moved to the Thompson Hickman Museum in Virginia City. It has since become one of the museum's most important exhibits. The club foot was later removed from the museum by Lane's extended family. It was cremated and the ashes were spread at a ceremony on Boot Hill on June 24, 2017.
See also
List of people from Massachusetts
List of people from Montana
References
Date of birth missing
Place of birth missing
1864 deaths
1864 in Montana Territory
1864 murders in the United States
19th-century American criminals
Burials in Montana
Lynching deaths in Montana
Murdered criminals
Outlaws of the American Old West
People from Virginia City, Montana
Criminals from Massachusetts
Year of birth unknown
People executed by Montana by hanging
David Bravo Bueno (born February 20, 1978) is a Spanish lawyer specialized in intellectual property rights.
 They are well known for their strong defense of the right to make a private copy of copyrighted works, as it is explicitly allowed by the Spanish legislation.  They are often requested to participate in TV debates about so-called piracy and p2p file sharing.
Private copy
Bravo argues that downloading files is undoubtedly legal and uploading, although more controversial, is surely not a crime, within the current Spanish legislation. Their views are grounded mainly on the Intellectual Propierty Law (1996), Article 31, 2nd Chapter, "Reproduction without authorization" and the Penal Code, Article 270.
The SGAE (General Association of Authors and Editors) strongly disagrees with Bravo and the Spanish government often makes campaigns backing SGAE's views on the matter.
Books
Copia este libro (Copy this book): among many other issues, Bravo discusses how the current Spanish legislation allows the right to copy copyrighted works without the author's consent ("private copy").
References
External links
David Bravo's personal website
Copy of "Copia este libro" in pdf
¡Copiad, malditos! - David Bravo - ENTREVISTA (2011)
Intellectual Propierty Law
Copyright activists
21st-century Spanish lawyers
Podemos (Spanish political party) politicians
Living people
1978 births
Karıncalı, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Peter Muyzers is a special effects artist. They were nominated at the 82nd Academy Awards for their work on the film District 9. Their nomination was shared with Matt Aitken, Robert Habros and Dan Kaufman
Selected filmography
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001)
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002)
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (2004)
Troy (2004)
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit (2005)
Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer (2007)
Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium (2007)
The Incredible Hulk (2008)
District 9 (2009)
Elysium (2013)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Special effects people
炸醬麵 may refer to:
Jajangmyeon (Hanja: ), a Korean noodle dish
Zhajiangmian (), a Chinese noodle dish
Matenja Vas (; , , ) is a village south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to John the Baptist and belongs to the Koper Diocese. It was built in the mid-17th century on the site of an older chapel.
References
External links
Matenja Vas on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Cerebral vasculitis (sometimes the word angiitis is used instead of "vasculitis") is vasculitis (inflammation of the blood vessel wall) involving the brain and occasionally the spinal cord. It affects all of the vessels: very small blood vessels (capillaries), medium-size blood vessels (arterioles and venules), or large blood vessels (arteries and veins). If blood flow in a vessel with vasculitis is reduced or stopped, the parts of the body that receive blood from that vessel begins to die. It may produce a wide range of neurological symptoms, such as headache, skin rashes, feeling very tired, joint pains, difficulty moving or coordinating part of the body, changes in sensation, and alterations in perception, thought or behavior, as well as the phenomena of a mass lesion in the brain leading to coma and herniation. Some of its signs and symptoms may resemble multiple sclerosis. 10% have associated bleeding in the brain.
Causes
"Primary" angiitis/vasculitis of the central nervous system (PACNS) is said to be present if there is no underlying cause. The exact mechanism of the primary disease is unknown, but the fundamental mechanism of all vasculitides is autoimmunity. Other possible secondary causes of cerebral vasculitis are infections, systemic auto-immune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and rheumatoid arthritis, medications and drugs (amphetamine, cocaine and heroin), some forms of cancer (lymphomas, leukemia and lung cancer) and other forms of systemic vasculitis such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis, polyarteritis nodosa or Behçet's disease. It may imitate, and is in turn imitated by, a number of other diseases that affect the blood vessels of the brain diffusely such as fibromuscular dysplasia and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Diagnosis
Cerebral angiography and magnetic resonance imaging, family medical history, symptoms, a complete physical examination, and ultimately biopsy of the brain, are often required for the diagnosis. Also, many lab tests must be done for the diagnosis; tests may reveal anemia (a shortage of red blood cells), a high white blood cell count, a high platelet count, allergic reactions, immune complexes, antibodies (tools the body uses to fight off threats) and elevation of inflammatory markers. Another crucial part in the diagnosis of cerebral vasculitis is the use of imaging techniques. Techniques such as conventional digital subtraction angiography (DSA) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to find and monitor cerebral involvement.
Treatment
Treatment is first with many different high-dose steroids, namely glucocorticoids. Then, if symptoms do not improve additional immunosuppression such as cyclophosphamide are added to decrease the immune system's attack on the body's own tissues. Cerebral vasculitis is a very rare condition that is difficult to diagnose, and as a result there are significant variations in the way it is diagnosed and treated.
Specific Diseases
Giant cell arteritis (GCA)
(Also known as temporal arteritis)
Symptoms
Fever
general uneasiness
weight loss
inflammation of the muscles causing stiffness in the shoulders; neck; and/or upper arms
persisting headache
pain in the jaw or ear while eating
double vision
partial loss of vision or blind spots
(on rare occasions) stroke.
Diagnostic criteria
Three or more of the following five criteria must be met:
Age 50 years or more
New developed headache
Tenderness of the superficial temporal artery
Elevated sedimentation rate, at least 50 mm/hour (blood test that reveals inflammatory activity)
Giant cell arteritis in a biopsy specimen from the temporal artery
Takayasu's arteritis
Symptoms
Starts with nonspecific symptoms such as:
Localized joint pain
Fever
Fatigue
Headaches
Rashes
Weight loss
Diagnosis usually does not happen until the blockage causes deficient blood flow to the extremities or to a stroke.
Classification criteria
Three or more of the following six criteria must be met:
Age when disease starts is under 50
Decreased brachial artery pulse
Systolic blood pressure differs by more than 10mmHg between arms
Cramping caused by exercise in the extremities
Abnormal sounds (through stethoscope) over subclavian arteries or abdominal aorta
A narrowing or blockage in the aorta, its primary branches, or large arteries as seen through a radiograph of the arteries.
Treatment therapy
50% of patients respond to corticosteroid therapy alone in early phases
Methotrexate or Azathioprine are an alternative to corticosteroid immunosuppressants
There have been studies on Mycophenolate mofetil and anti-TNF therapies
In Takayasu's arteritis it is vital to combine drug treatments often with low-dose aspirin or statin
Polyarteritis nodosa (PAN)
Symptoms
Systemic illness with fever
General feeling of discomfort or uneasiness with cause difficult to identify
Weight loss
Arthritis
Black discoloration of skin primarily on the extremities
Severe inadequate blood supply to the extremities
Ischemic stroke, hemorrhages and a progressive encephalopathy with or without seizures may occur
Diagnostic Criteria
Three or more of the following ten criteria are required:
More than 4 kg (8.8 lb) weight loss
Lace-like purplish discoloration of the skin (livedo reticularis)
Testicular pain
Pain in a muscle or group of muscles (myalgias)
Damage to peripheral nerves
Elevation of blood pressure by more than 90 mmHg
Creatinine serum levels greater than 1,5 mg/dl
Hepatitis B or C virus antibodies
An aneurysm or occlusion as shown in a pathologic arteriography
Histology findings typical of PAN
Treatment therapy
In PAN not associated with a hepatitis virus: prednisone and cyclophosphamide therapy. In case of emergency, plasmapheresis may be tried
In PAN associated with a hepatitis virus: combination therapy of prednisone along with a virustatic, such as lamivudine (Hepatitis B) or interferon-alpha and ribavirin (Hepatitis C)
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA)
Symptoms
Men are affected twice as often as women
Compression of structures surrounding the nose and paranasal sinuses
Diabetes insipidus
Abnormal protrusion of the eyeball(s)
Nonseptic meningitis
Affection of the lung and kidney due to destruction of the arteries and veins
Ischemic stroke, hemorrhages, or encephalopathy with possible seizures
Diagnostic Criteria
Two or more of the following four criteria are required:
Necrotizing ulcerating inflammation of nose, sinuses, mouth or pharynx
Irregular lung infiltrates
Nephritis
Granulomatous vascular and perivascular inflammation
Treatment Therapy
Corticosteroids (e.g., Prednisolone)
Cyclophosphamide
Azathioprine
Mycophenolate mofetil
References
External links
Cerebrovascular diseases
Inflammations
Rheumatology
Steroid-responsive inflammatory conditions
Karacaören is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
John Fay is a British television screenwriter and playwright.  They are known for their work on television soap operas Brookside and Coronation Street as well as their later work on original drama series like Torchwood.
Career
Theatre writing
Fay began their writing career by writing and producing their own stage plays for local theatres around Liverpool, including several plays for Kirkby Response Theatre during the nineties. Their later credits include the stage plays The Cruel Sea and Eat My Eyes. They have also written 'Joe Hill's Dream', based on the life of Joe Hill, the famous Swedish-American labour activist and songwriter.
Television
Fay began their television career on Brookside, although they state in an interview that it took them 16 years and several speculative scripts to get taken on to the writing staff full-time. They stayed on the creative team for two years, writing 54 episodes, before joining the writing staff of Coronation Street, writing 94 episodes and becoming lead writer. In 2005 they received the British Academy Television Award for Best Continuing Drama, sharing the BAFTA with Coronation Street producer Tony Wood and director Ian Bevitt. One of their notable scripts for Coronation Street was "Richard Hillman's murder confession" which attracted over 19 million viewers. Fay's other television contributions include episodes of Clocking Off, Blue Murder and Robin Hood. In 2007, Fay created the three-part ITV drama series Mobile. Fay is a self-confessed hater of mobile telephones and in Mobile chose to explore the themes of "people's paranoid desire to always be in contact with each other" and whether mobile phones are actually necessary.
Russell T Davies, having been an admirer of John Fay's work on Coronation Street and Mobile, approached Fay to write for the third series of Torchwood. Fay wrote two episodes of the award-winning third series of Torchwood, subtitled Children of Earth, which aired 7 and 9 July 2009. They returned to write the ninth episode of the shows' fourth series, Torchwood: Miracle Day a collaboration between BBC Wales, BBC Worldwide and US cable channel Starz. In 2011 they also wrote for the fourth series of Primeval. They were to write an episode of Doctor Who, but this fell through.
Fay has written two episodes of the Jimmy McGovern drama Moving On, Sauce for the Goose – the first episode of the second series, and an episode of the third series, airing Autumn 2011, which they also directed. They also contributed to the period drama Medici: Masters of Florence.
Personal life
John Fay is originally from Merseyside, and is currently based in Maghull, to the north of Liverpool, where they live with their wife. Their father died shortly before they came to write Children of Earth, which Fay acknowledges when retroactively considering their views on the serial. They cite John Proctor from Arthur Miller's The Crucible as their favourite fictional character of all time, and Rhys Williams as their favourite Torchwood character.
Selected credits
References
External links
John Fay at Culverhouse & James Scriptwriting Agency
Interview with Liverpool Daily Post
Living people
People from Maghull
BAFTA winners (people)
British male novelists
British television writers
British soap opera writers
British science fiction writers
English television writers
English screenwriters
English male screenwriters
English soap opera writers
English dramatists and playwrights
English male dramatists and playwrights
British male television writers
1964 births
"Never Again (Will I Knock on Your Door)" is a song written and recorded by Hank Williams. It was the singer's first single released on Sterling Records in 1947.
Background
In 1946, Sterling Records was looking for "hillbilly" singer to complement its jazz, pop, and R&B series, so producer Fred Rose signed Williams, who they had come to know through singer Molly O'Day recording several of their compositions. Williams was backed on the session by the Willis Brothers, who also went by the name of the Oklahoma Wranglers: James "Guy" Willis (guitar), Vic Wallis (accordion), Charles "Skeeter" Willis (fiddle), and Charles "Indian" Wright (bass). WSM's recording quality was poor, and the muddy overall sound was made worse by Sterling's pressing quality The single did not chart, but it sold well enough to impress Rose, who would eventually push to have Williams signed to MGM Records. In January 1948 the song was re-issued as the B-side to Williams' monster smash "Lovesick Blues" and reached #6.
Hank Williams, Jr. also covered the song for the 1996 album Three Hanks: Men with Broken Hearts.
References
Bibliography
1946 songs
1947 debut singles
Songs written by Hank Williams
Hank Williams songs
Song recordings produced by Fred Rose (songwriter)
Three cutters of the United States Coast Guard have been named Kukui
, a Manzanita-class buoy tender Originally built for the U.S. Lighthouse Service.
, a cargo ship commissioned March 1946. ex-USS Colquitt (AK-174)
, a Juniper-class seagoing buoy tender commissioned in 1998.
United States Coast Guard ship names
Aida Khalatian (born 17 November 1971), also known as Aida Khalatyan, is an Armenian female tennis player.
Playing for Armenia at the Fed Cup, Khalatian has a win–loss record of 5–4.
ITF Finals
Singles (1–1)
Doubles (6–3)
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Armenian female tennis players
Soviet female tennis players
Soviet Armenians
The Etna class was a series of protected cruisers that were built in the late 1880s for the Regia Marina (the Royal Italian Navy). The four ships built were slightly enlarged copies of the Elswick Works' design for the protected cruiser . Etna, the lead ship of the class, was the only ship still in service when World War I began, although they served as a stationary headquarters ship for the Navy Commander-in-Chief in Taranto for the duration of the war. The three later ships all participated in putting down the Boxer Rebellion as part of the Eight-Nation Alliance. The three were struck from the Navy List before 1912, but Etna was not sold for scrap until 1921.
Design and description
The design of the Etna-class protected cruisers was based on that of Sir W G Armstrong Mitchell & Co.'s Elswick Works' earlier Giovanni Bausan, which was the first modern protected cruiser constructed for the Italian Navy. They proved successful enough that the Italians negotiated for a license to build copies in Italian shipyards. George Rendel and Carlo Vigna designed the ships. The first three ships varied somewhat in their displacement and engine power, and the last ship, Ettore Fieramosca, was slightly longer than the others.
The Etna-class ships measured between perpendiculars, with a beam of . They had a mean draft of and displaced between . They carried a crew of 12 officers and 296 men. Ettore Fieramosca was between perpendiculars and had a beam of . They had a draft of and displaced . Them crew consisted of 17 officers and 298 men.
Propulsion
The Etna-class cruisers had two horizontal compound steam engines, each driving a single propeller. Their engines were powered by four double-ended cylindrical boilers. On sea trials the engines produced a total between and the ships reached between . The ships carried between of coal which allowed them to steam for at a speed of .
Armament and armor
The main armament of the ships consisted of two Armstrong , 30-caliber breech-loading guns mounted in barbettes fore and aft. Each gun had an approximate firing arc of 240°. "To load, the gun was laid fore and aft in line with a fixed armored deckhouse into which ammunition was hoisted from below." They fired a shell at a muzzle velocity of . The six , 32-caliber, breech-loading guns were carried in sponsons along the sides of the ships in Vavasseur mountings. The guns fired a shell that weighed at a muzzle velocity of .
For anti-torpedo boat defense the first three ships mounted five 6-pounder Hotchkiss guns. Each shell weighed about and could be fired at 20 rounds per minute. Their muzzle velocity of gave them a range of about . Another five 1-pounder Hotchkiss guns were also carried. They fired a shell weighing about at a muzzle velocity of about to a range of about . They had a rate of fire of about 30 rounds per minute Etna, Stromboli, and Vesuvio were fitted with four torpedo tubes. One was mounted in the bow underwater and the other three were above water. Ettore Fieramoscas anti-torpedo boat armament differed slightly from that of their half-sisters. They carried six 6-pounder and eight 1-pounder Hotchkiss guns, but only three torpedo tubes.
The cruisers were fitted with an armored deck below the waterline with a maximum thickness of and had a belt of cork at their waterline, which was intended to seal holes by swelling through water absorption after being hit. This proved to be unsuccessful as hits would result in the destruction of the cork and it tended to deteriorate quickly. The breech and loading area of the main guns was protected by an armored hood thick.
Construction
Operational history
Etna served in the Squadra Permamente (Permanent Squadron) from their commissioning to 1893 and then served in North and South American waters until the end of 1895. From April to June 1893, they participated in the International Naval Review at Hampton Roads that was part of the Columbian Exposition. Afterward they were stationed in the Red Sea during the First Italo-Ethiopian War of 1895–1896 and then supported Italian interests during the Cretan Revolt of 1898. The ship was then transferred to the Far East, returning home in 1902. Etna was disarmed that same year and they were flagship of the Superior Torpedo-Boat Command in 1904. The ship was rebuilt between 1905 and 1907, their superstructure was enlarged and they were given two guns, one each fore and aft, as well as four 6-inch guns in their waist, two per side. In 1909 they participated in the Hudson–Fulton Celebration along with the cruiser . They served as a training ship after their rebuild until the start of World War I when they became the stationary flagship of the Commander-in-Chief in Taranto for the duration of the war. Etna was disarmed again in 1920 and sold for scrap in 1921.
Stromboli, Vesuvio and Ettore Fieramosca participated in the 1893 Naval Maneuvers as part of the Squadron of Maneuvers. Stomboli and Ettore Fieramosca next participated in the 1896 Naval Maneuvers as part of the Maneuver Fleet. Stromboli was sent to the Far East in 1899 while Vesuvio and Ettore Fieramosca were sent there in 1900 to assist in putting down the Boxer Rebellion. All three ships were assigned to the Cruising Squadron in Chinese waters in 1901.
Stromboli returned to Italy in 1901 and was placed in reserve and served as an ammunition ship before being struck from the Navy List in 1907 and sold for scrap in 1911. After a second posting in the Far East, Vesuvio was placed in reserve, struck from the Navy List in 1911 and sold for scrap in 1915. Ettore Fieramosca returned to Italy and made a cruise off East Africa in 1905. They then sailed across the Atlantic and made a number of port visits in South America. The ship was then assigned to the American Squadron and refitted in Boston in November 1906. Upon their return to Italy in 1909 Ettore Fieramosca was struck off the Navy List in July 1909 and sold.
Notes
References
External links
Etna class
Classe Etna Marina Militare website
Cruisers of Italy
Whitlatch is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Blake Whitlatch (born 1955), American football player
Luke Whitlatch (born 1977), American artist
Terryl Whitlatch (born 1960), American illustrator
John Ellenby (9 January 1941 – 17 August 2016) was a British business person. They were the founder of Grid Systems Corporation, maker of the Grid Compass, one of the first commercially successful laptop computers. They also co-founded GeoVector, an early augmented reality company.
Biography
Ellenby was born in Corbridge, in Northumberland, England. Their father Conrad Ellenby was a nematologist. They studied geography and economics at University College London, and first encountered mainframe computers for the first time in the early 1960s, when they spent a year at the London School of Economics. They worked for the British firm Ferranti, where they worked on minicomputers. Ellenby moved to California in the 1970s, where they worked for Xerox, and became involved in the management of the development of the Alto and Alto II desktop computers. In 1978, Ellenby and Tim Mott proposed an idea to commercialise the Alto computer, but this idea was later abandoned due to financial constraints. Ellenby said that they "had to sandbag the Alto because with it we couldn't make their numbers and therefore wouldn't get any bonuses".
In 1979, they cofounded Grid Systems Corporation with colleagues from Xerox PARC; the business started with $13 million of funding from Wall Street venture capitalists. In 1982, Grid built the Grid Compass, which was one of the first laptop computers to feature the now-popular clamshell design, and was used on the Space Shuttle Challenger in 1986. In 1988, Grid was sold to the Tandy Corporation. The design for The Compass computer was allegedly based on the shape of Ellenby's briefcase. In 1987, Ellenby founded Agilis; they acted as the President of the company until 1990, and in 1989 the company produced hand-held computers with built-in Ethernet ports. Ellenby also founded Geovector, a company based on applications of augmented reality. Ellenby died on 17 August 2016 in San Francisco.
References
External links
In memory of John Ellenby
1941 births
2016 deaths
Alumni of University College London
Computer engineers
Scientists at PARC (company)
Machlydotherium is an extinct genus of cingulate of uncertain systematic affinities, perhaps belonging to the Pampatheriidae. It lived from the Middle Eocene to the Early Oligocene, and its fossilized remains were found in South America.
Description
This animal is only known from isolated osteoderms, who were large and thick, quite similar to those of the later pampatheres. Some of these osteoderms, belonging to the fixed carapace typical of many cingulates, show the start of the differentiation of secondary figures, and large central follicles. The mobile osteoderms were distinguished from those of pampatheres by a little differentiated and rough surface. A bilobed tooth, similar to those of pampatheres, but whose abrasion surface draw a cusp in the anterior section, has also been attributed to the genus Machlydotherium.
Classification
The genus Machlydotherium was first described in 1902 by Florentino Ameghino, the name itself being an anagram of Chlamydotherium, another genus of cingulates. The type species, Machlydotherium asperum, dates from the Late Eocene, but osteoderms attributed to the genus have also been found in terrains dated from the Middle Eocene to the Early Oligocene. Ameghino described several species besides the type species, such as Machlydotherium ater, M. sparsum and M. intortum, the latter now erected as its own genus, Yuruatherium.
Due to the scarcity of its remains, its antiquity and the specificities of the shape of its osteoderms, Machlydotherium can hardly be placed in a specific clade of cingulate. It seems to have been close to the pampatheres, the oldest of which only dating back from the Middle Miocene. It is possible that Machlydotherium evolved independently from the pampatheres, becoming extinct without leaving known descendants during the Oligocene.
Bibliography
F. Ameghino. 1902. Notices préliminaires sur des mammifères nouveaux des terrains Crétacé de Patagonie {preliminary notes on new mammals from the Cretaceous terrains of Patagonia]. Boletin de la Academia Nacional de Ciencias de Córdoba 17:5-70
G. G. Simpson. 1948. The beginning of the age of mammals in South America. Part I. Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History 91:1-232
M. C. McKenna and S. K. Bell. 1997. Classification of Mammals Above the Species Level 1–640
Ciancio M. R. Carlini A. A. Campbell K. E. Scillato-Yané G. J. . 2013. New Palaeogene cingulates (Mammalia, Xenarthra) from Santa Rosa, Perú and their importance in the context of South American faunas. Journal of Systematic Palaeontology 11:727–741.
Prehistoric cingulates
Prehistoric placental genera
Eocene xenarthrans
Eocene genus first appearances
Eocene mammals of South America
Oligocene mammals of South America
Oligocene xenarthrans
Oligocene genus extinctions
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossils of Brazil
Paleogene Brazil
Tinguirirican
Divisaderan
Mustersan
Fossil taxa described in 1927
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Jackowo may refer to:
Avondale, Chicago
Jackowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland)
Jackowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Overwash is the flow of water and sediment over a coastal dune or beach crest during storm events (or other situations with high water). 'Overwash' may refer only to the landward flux of water due to overtopping of a dune system while 'washover' may refer to the sediment deposited by overwash. A common process on barrier islands, Overwash redistributes sediment and facilitates the migration of barrier islands in response to sea level rise. Overwash can occur as a result of runup (the maximum height of the swash), or inundation.
Deposition from overwash (washover) can be deposited onto the beach berm, the dune, or as far as the back barrier bay, marsh, estuary, or lagoon. Sediment deposits created during overwash exhibit consistent scaling — for example, the distance inland that an overwash deposit extends is proportional to the area that the overwash deposit covers. The distance inland that an overwash deposit extends is also correlated with the volume of sand deposited. The amount of overwash and washover sedimentation also depends on the characteristics of the storm and the setting — coastal development tends to reduce the amount of sand deposited on a barrier island during overwash, with consequences for barrier island evolution.
The stratigraphic layers of sediment in an overwash deposit can be used to estimate the duration of the storm that caused the deposition. Sediment deposited via overwash can also impact the rate of growth of salt marsh plants — a small amount of sand deposited can increase salt marsh plant growth, but too much deposited sand will kill vegetation.
During large storms, overwash deposits can self-organize into a periodic, rhythmic pattern, where overwash deposits occur at a regular spacing along the shoreline.
References
Geomorphology
FIA ETCR – eTouring Car World Cup is a touring car series for electric cars. During the inaugural season in 2021, the series called itself Pure ETCR and featured cars from three manufacturers competing at five different locations. Starting with the 2022 season, ETCR becomes an official FIA series.
History
The electric touring car series was presented together with the CUPRA 'e-Racer' car ahead of the 2018 Geneva Motor Show by TCR promoter WSC Ltd. In September 2019, Hyundai became the second manufacturer to commit to creating an ETCR car, the 'Veloster N ETCR', and in December the Italian team Romeo Ferraris announced that they will build an Alfa Romeo Giulia according to ETCR specifications.
In February 2020, the series was rebranded as 'Pure ETCR' and a calendar of demonstration events for 2020 was presented. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, development and testing was delayed by several months, making the original plan unfeasible. The series' official launch event eventually took place on 9 October in Copenhagen, where Hyundai Motorsport was officially announced as a competitor. A demonstration of the starting gates and the Hyundai Veloster was held during the WTCR event at the MotorLand Aragón in Spain on 13 November 2020. On the same weekend, Romeo Ferraris revealed their ETCR version of the Alfa Romeo Giulia.
The calendar for the inaugural season was announced in February 2021. The first Pure ETCR started on 18–20 June at the Autodromo Vallelunga in Italy, and ended in October at Circuit Pau-Arnos. Swedish driver Mattias Ekström was crowned champion of the season, while Cupra won the manufacturer's championship.
Since 2022, the series has FIA World Cup status and drivers and manufacturers compete for the FIA eTouring Car World Cup.
Specifications
ETCR cars use spec powertrains supplied by the series organizers, with manufacturers using their own bodywork. The common kit includes motors, gearbox, inverter, battery, ECU and cooling system; ETCR technical regulations require a single-speed rear-drive chassis with McPherson strut front suspension and double wishbone rear suspension.
The car has four electric motors on the rear axle, which deliver a maximum combined output of (continuous) and (peak, in the push-to-pass mode). The electric drivetrain unit (EDU) is capable of electronic torque vectoring by varying the power to each rear wheel. Inverter, motor, and gearbox are supplied by MAGELEC Propulsion.
The battery, developed by Williams Advanced Engineering, has a capacity of 62 kWh, operating at a voltage of 798 V. According to Williams, it can be charged from 10% to 90% state of charge in one hour on a 60 kW charger. Total range is . It is centrally located on a subframe for better weight distribution, and accounts for nearly of the total curb weight of , at . Williams also supply the vehicle control modules.
Race format
The ETCR race format is different from standard touring car races, but instead, similar to a rallycross format with several rounds of short races and an elimination process leading to a final. The individual races are called 'battles' and are started from an opening gate and last for only a few laps. Each driver has a ‘push-to-pass' power boost and a smaller ‘fightback' boost for trying to reclaim a position. Between the battles, cars return to a central ‘energy station' where they can be recharged.
Champions
Teams and cars
As of November 2020, four teams have announced their participation in the series, each developing a different car. Commitments from one more brand have been received, but not yet announced.
See also
Electric motorsport
Formula E
FIA Electric GT Championship
References
External links
Official website
Green racing
Touring car racing series
Electric vehicles
Mellitic anhydride, the anhydride of mellitic acid, is an organic compound with the formula C12O9.
Containing no other elements (e.g., hydrogen) besides carbon and oxygen, mellitic anhydride is an oxide of carbon (oxocarbon), and, along with CO2, CO, and C3O2, is one of the only four that are reasonably stable under standard conditions. It is a white sublimable solid, apparently obtained by Justus Liebig and Friedrich Wöhler in 1830 in their study of mellite ("honey stone") and has the empirical formula C4O3. The substance was properly characterized in 1913 by H. Meyer and K. Steiner. It retains the aromatic character of the benzene ring.
References
Phthalic anhydrides
Oxocarbons
Laskar Committee was a one-man Committee which was constituted by the Chairman of the Minority Department of All India Congress Committee (AICC) in October 2016 to formulate and suggest a strategy to attract Christians, Muslims, Buddhists and other religious minorities belonging to the North East region of India towards the Indian National Congress party. The committee was headed by a Congress ideologue and prominent author and scholar from the Northeast Indian state Assam Rejaul Karim Laskar.
Background
The Northeast region of India has traditionally been a stronghold of the Congress party since India's independence. However, since the inauguration of the Modi Government at the centre, the BJP started to challenge Congress party's dominance in the region. By mid 2016, BJP had replaced two Congress government's in the region, first in Arunachal Pradesh and then in Assam. To make matters worse for the Congress, the BJP not only gave call for making the region "Congress Mukt" (free from Congress) but also constituted a regional panel named as North East Democratic Alliance with the avowed aim of eliminating the Congress from the region. Under the circumstances, the Congress central leadership woke up to the need to formulate an effective strategy to deal with the challenge and to retain its support base in the region. Consequently, Congress ideologue and prominent author and scholar from Assam Rejaul Karim Laskar was roped in to formulate a strategy to consolidate Congress party's support base among the religious minorities of the region- especially the Christians.
Controversy
India's ruling party BJP has criticized this move of the Congress party. BJP national Spokesperson Nalin Kohli has been quoted as saying, "The move to attract Christians, Muslims, and other communities ...has only confirmed that the Congress has a communal agenda...".
Report
After holding extensive consultations with Congress party leaders of the region as well as civil society leaders including prominent Church leaders of the region , the Committee submitted its 148-page report to the AICC in April 2017. The main part of the report consisted of seven chapters. The chapter seven of the report contained recommendations.
Recommendations
The major recommendations of the committee are:
-Greater representations to the Christians from the region.
-Creation of a North East Congress Minority Coordination Committee.
- Holding of an "Annual North East Dialogue".
-"Proper" representation to people belonging to Donyi-Polo, Sanamahi and Niam-Khasi/Niamtre religions.
References
Indian National Congress documents
Patrice Wood is an American journalist, who works as the main news anchor for WJAR, the NBC affiliate in Providence, Rhode Island. They also serve as the education reporter and the Tuesday´s Child segment host. They were inducted into the Rhode Island Heritage Hall of Fame Women Inductees. They were also inducted into the Rhode Island Radio and Television Hall of Fame.
Born in Rockford, Ohio, Wood received a Bachelor of Science in journalism from Bowling Green State University. They started their career reporting and presenting at WDHO-TV in Toledo, Ohio, and did internships with ABC News, United States House of Representatives and Time magazine.
Wood joined WJAR in February 1980, first as a reporter and weekend newsreader, and was promoted to the weeknight 11 o'clock newscasts in 1982. In 1988 they became anchor of the 5:30p.m. edition, the new 5:00 p.m. hour newscast in 1995 and added to their duties the 6:00 report in 1997. They worked most of their tenure with longtime anchor Doug White, along with meteorologist Gary Ley and sportscaster Frank Carpano. They interviewed many personalities, such as Oprah Winfrey and Mark Wahlberg. Wood is the longest-serving female newscaster in Providence television history, with 40 years on air. According to her, 60% of the children featured on their long-running segment Tuesday´s Child have found a new home.
In 2017, they were the commencement speaker at Roger Williams University.
Personal life
Wood has two children, Stephanie and Jonathan, and is married to Paul Pabis, who works at WBZ-TV as the director of operations and engineering.
References
American television journalists
American television journalists
People from Rockford, Ohio
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Foothills Mall is an indoor regional shopping mall located in Maryville, Tennessee. Foothills Mall features approximately 70 stores and restaurants. Adjacent to the mall is the Foothills Plaza complex which includes several additional restaurants and a Kroger.
Opened in 1983, Foothills Mall is the only shopping mall in suburban Blount County, part of the Knoxville Metropolitan Area. The mall was originally anchored by Maryville-based Proffitt's, a regional department store; Miller's, another regional department store that was a division of Allied Stores; JCPenney; and Sears, which closed in February 2019. Proffitt's and Miller's no longer exist. The original Proffitt's space is now used by Belk, while the former Miller's/Hess's was demolished in 2011 to accommodate a new movie theater.
The mall was renovated in 2006.
On June 4, 2020, JCPenney announced that it would close by around October 2020 as part of a plan to close 154 stores nationwide. After JCPenney closes, AMC Theatres, Belk, and TJ Maxx will be the only remaining anchor stores left.
References
External links
Foothills Mall Website
Shopping malls established in 1983
Shopping malls in Tennessee
Maryville, Tennessee
Buildings and structures in Blount County, Tennessee
CBL Properties
Tourist attractions in Blount County, Tennessee
1983 establishments in Tennessee
io:Maryville, Tennessee
pt:Maryville (Tennessee)
Batrachedra libator is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Florida.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1966
Artem Janik Asatryan (; born May 23, 1972, in Yerevan) is an Armenian politician.
Biography
From 1979 to 1989, Asatryan finished secondary school No. 194 in Yerevan with gold medal. After their graduation from Yerevan Institute of National Economy in 1994, where they got a degree in economics, specializing in State Regulation of Economics, they served in the Armed Forces of Armenia. From 1995 to 1997, Asatryan studied at the Public Administration Academy of Armenia where they also served as public servant, specializing in State and Local Self-Governance.
Between 2000 and 2003, Asatryan attended the Postgraduate course at the Public Administration Academy of Armenia and the Economic Research Institute of Armenia. Following it, they defended their thesis on "The RA Social Security Key Issues in Poverty Reduction" and got their Academic Degree of Doctor in Economics. Following graduation, they received training at Harvard University (USA), the World Bank Institute, as well as in a group of educational institutions in Sweden, Poland, Austria, Israel, Bulgaria and Ukraine.
An author of numerous scientific articles, analyses and research papers, Asatryan is also known for their work as Head of a Department of the Armenian Pension and Employment Fund where they work since 1998. That year, they also began their service as the Head of Pension Insurance and Social Security Department of the RA Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs, serving as such until 2006. From 2006 to 2007, they headed the National Institute of Labor and Social Research and in 2007 Asatryan was appointed Deputy Minister of Labor and Social Affairs of Armenia. During their service as Deputy Minister, they coordinated a number of strategic areas and as of March 2011, simultaneously heads the State Social Security Service.
Asatryan also heads the Management Board of Pension Reforms in Armenia where they specialize in various strategies, concepts, laws, government draft solutions and other documents providing pension system reform implementation as well as the introduction of social security cards and personified registration system that have been developed under their supervision.
In 2008, Asatryan was awarded an Anania Shirakatsi Medal by the RA President's Decree for efficient service in the RA State Government System.
They received Prime Minister's Memorial Medal, numerous awards and certificates for effective management.
On May, 2004 they got the classification Grade of Counselor of the 1st class. On June 16, 2012, Artem Asatryan was appointed the RA Minister of Labor and Social Affairs.
They speak Russian and English.
Asatryan is a member of the Republican Party of Armenia.
References
1972 births
Living people
Government ministers of Armenia
Politicians from Yerevan
Labor and Social Affairs ministers of Armenia
Republican Party of Armenia politicians
Jean Carlu (Bonnières-sur-Seine, France, 1900–1997) was a French graphic designer who specialised in posters. They were a member of a family of architects; their brother Jacques Carlu for example designed the Palais de Chaillot in Paris. They made posters during World War II to promote an increase in American production.
Biography
Jean Carlu started their career as a professional poster-designer in 1919, after a competition by a producer of dental aids (Glycodont) in 1918. From 1919 until 1921 they served as an illustrator, after which they worked at an agency that designed advertisements. In that period they designed their first poster in art deco style (for The Kid by Charlie Chaplin). They were attracted by cubism and by the works of Juan Gris and Albert Gleizes. They were one of the first who realised that to fix a trademark in the minds of consumers a process needs to be gone through in which schematic forms and expressive colours are applied. These are the characteristics that give their posters and other works their distinguishable quality. The fame of Carlu rests mainly on two posters: for Monsavon and for the Théâtre Pigalle. They also designed a pioneering label for the 1924 vintage of Château Mouton-Rothschild.
Carlu also designed posters for the Container Corporation of America, Pan American Airways, and Air France.
References
1900 births
1997 deaths
French poster artists
American artists
Arturo di Giuseppe Melocchi (December 9, 1879 – October 25, 1960) was an Italian baritone and voice teacher who is best known for having been the teacher of dramatic tenor Mario Del Monaco and their older brother Marcello Del Monaco. Also whose method influenced the voice and technical development of tenor Franco Corelli.
Biography
Education
Arturo Melocchi was born in Milan. They studied at the Regio Conservatorio di Milano under Giuseppe Gallignani, who was also the director of the Conservatory. On November 13, 1907 Melocchi graduated, receiving their license to be a singer, as well as to become a teacher of singing at any public school in Italy. Their exams—with diploma requirements nearly identical to those of the old conservatorio system—consisted of the following:
two arias for baritone voice—"Sei vendicata assai" from Dinorah by Meyerbeer and "S'il faut s'enfler de gloire," sung by Boniface, the monastery cook in Le jongleur de Notre-Dame (meeting the requirement for an aria by contemporary a composer).
the sixth vocalise from Gaetano Nava's Method for Baritone
the aria "È ver ch'io t'ingannai" from Fra Diavolo by Meyerbeer
sight reading a piece taken from Pier Luigi Farnese by Constantino Palumbo
questions about the physiology of singing, about teaching, and on the best old school and modern authors
Melocchi's scorecard showed that they had already proven themselves expertly prepared and capable in the complementary studies of piano, theory, harmony, scenic arts, and physiology of the vocal organs, as well as the standard cultural studies in Italian history, poetry, and literature.
Liceo Musicale Rossini & Mario Del Monaco
Melocchi became a teacher of singing at the Conservatory, appointed by Gallignani. In January 1912 they were called to take the title the Chair of Singing at the Liceo Musicale Rossini in Pesaro. They held this position uninterruptedly until 1941.
Around 1932 a young Mario Del Monaco—whose voice had been dangerously lightened in their studies with Luisa Melai-Palazzini, destroying its natural emission and timbre—began to consult and take lessons from Melocchi, who reeducated their voice with the appropriate exercises, gradually returning it its power, its breadth and natural ease, and giving it its full homogeneity along the entire range from low B♭ to high D♭. However, not yet satisfied with the progress they had achieved, Del Monaco began to make up and add to their technique, in order to get more from their vocal organs. In 1936, Del Monaco won a prize that gave them the opportunity to study their craft at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma. This experience, in which they were again assigned inappropriate light repertoire, caused them to lose their voice nearly completely. In 1938, they returned to Pesaro, where they attempted to resume their studies with Melocchi. At first Melocchi did not take Del Monaco back, but at the insistence of Rina Filippini (later Del Monaco's wife), Melocchi accepted the tenor into their studio, and within six months, Del Monaco's voice was rebuilt to the state that quickly carried them forward to becoming the greatest dramatic tenor of the mid-20th century.
On May 18, 1941 Melocchi was suspended without pre-warning, for supposed "poor performance." They later said that it was well known that they were actually suspended for their anti-fascist views. Similar anti-fascist sentiments were held by their maestro Gallignani, who after theirs being fired from their directorship in 1923, became distraught and committed suicide by throwing themselves out a window. During the entire period of fascism in Italy, Melocchi was one of only two teachers at the Liceo Rossini who never joined the Fascist Party and refused the Fascist card.
Between the time of Melocchi's suspension and the end of the fascist Italian Social Republic in 1945, they spent three years abroad, teaching singing at a school of music in Hong Kong and at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music (then under another name), which had on its staff teachers from as far as Russia and France. During these three years, they learned to speak correct and practical English, French, and Russian.
In August 1945, Melocchi themselves submitted a lengthy petition to the Ministry of Public Instruction (Arts Division) to allow them to take up their post again at the Liceo Rossini. According to the annals of the school, pleas from students and colleagues—as well as the recent death of tenor and teacher Umberto Macnez—did finally result in their reassignment there from 1947 to 1949.
Carlo Scaravelli & Franco Corelli
At the insistence of their friend, baritone Carlo Scaravelli, a 25-year-old Franco Corelli sent a letter (dated September 28, 1946) formally requesting admission to the Conservatory in Pesaro. Although Corelli had submitted their voice type as baritone, the conservatory's Maestro Fradelloni immediately pointed out that they were a tenor. Corelli's request for admission was granted, and both Corelli and Scaravelli entered the classes of the asupervisorstioned Umberto Macnez, in their first and only year as teacher at the school. Unfortunately Corelli, still living and working in Ancona, was unable to attend classes regularly, and they were expelled from the conservatory. After a few months of lessons in Ancona with Rita Pavoni, whose "masque placement" method caused Corelli to lose their upper range, they stopped formal studies and sang on their own.
By 1949, Mario Del Monaco had become a star, and meanwhile Carlo Scaravelli had begun studying with Melocchi. Corelli was so impressed both by Del Monaco and by Scaravelli's improvement, that they went to meet Melocchi. According to Corelli, they met and took lessons from Melocchi only a few times. Corelli still could not abandon their work in Ancona, so they devised a plan: when Scaravelli would return to Ancona by train from their lessons in Pesaro, Corelli would meet them at the station; Scaravelli would relay the contents and concepts from the lesson, and then the two would go to the old Corelli family house in Via Mamiani, which was in ruins from the war and was still uninhabited, and there they would practice together. They continued in this fashion for all of 1949, Corelli's own voice improving enormously. This provided Corelli with enough knowledge and technique to begin to pursue what would become their first successes at Spoleto and in Rome.
Students
References
Voice teachers
1879 births
1960 deaths
Italian music educators
Italian opera singers
Gniewomierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately north-west of Legnickie Pole, south-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 540.
References
Gniewomierz
The following is a list of languages used in the Eurovision Song Contest since its inception in 1956, including songs (as) performed in finals and, since 2004, semi-finals.
The rules concerning the language of the entries have been changed several times. In the past, the contest's organisers have sometimes compelled countries to only sing in their own national languages, but since 1999 no such restriction has existed.
Rule changes
From until , there was no rule restricting the language(s) in which the songs could be sung. For example, in the 1965 contest, Sweden's Ingvar Wixell sang their song in English. After this, a rule was imposed that a song must be performed in one of the official languages of the country participating. This new language policy remained in place until .
From 1973 to inclusive, participants were allowed to enter songs in any language. Several winners took advantage of this, with songs in English by countries where other languages are spoken, this included ABBA's "Waterloo" in for Sweden and Teach-In's "Ding-a-dong" for the Netherlands in .
In , the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), the contest organisers, reimposed the national language restriction. However, Germany and Belgium were given a special dispensation to use English, as their national song selection procedures were already too advanced to change. During the language rule, the only countries which were allowed to sing in English were Ireland, Malta and the United Kingdom as English is an official language in those countries. The restriction was imposed from 1977 to .
From onwards, a free choice of language was again allowed. Since then, several countries have chosen songs that mixed languages, often English and their national language. Prior to that, songs such as Croatia's "Don't Ever Cry" (), Austria's "One Step" and Bosnia and Herzegovina's "Goodbye" () had a title and one line of the song in a non-native language. In , Poland caused a scandal when Edyta Górniak broke the rules by singing their song in English during the dress rehearsal (which is shown to the juries who selected the winner). Only six countries demanded that Poland should be disqualified, and with the rules requiring at least 13 countries to complain, the proposed removal did not occur.
Since , some songs have used fictional or non-existent languages: the Belgian entries in ("Sanomi") and ("O Julissi") were entirely in fictional languages. In , the Dutch entry "Amambanda" was sung partly in English and partly in a fictional language.
The entry which used the most languages was "It's Just a Game", which represented Norway in 1973. It was performed in English and French, with some lyrics in Spanish, Italian, Dutch, German, Irish, Serbo-Croatian, Hebrew, Finnish, Swedish and Norwegian. In , Bulgaria was represented by the song "Love Unlimited", which mainly had lyrics in Bulgarian, but with phrases in Turkish, Greek, Spanish, Serbo-Croatian, French, Romani, Italian, Azerbaijani, Arabic and English. The Yugoslav entry "Pozdrav svijetu" was mainly sung in Croatian, but also had phrases in Spanish, German, French, English, Dutch, Italian, Russian and Finnish.
only two countries have never entered a song in one or more of their national languages – has never used Monégasque, its traditional national language, nor has ever entered a song in the Azerbaijani language (although the asupervisorstioned "Love Unlimited" contained a line in the language, and the Azerbaijani entry "Mata Hari" contained a repeated phrase in the language).
On the other hand, there are only ten countries whose representatives have performed all their songs at least partially in an official, regional or national language: , , , , , , , Monaco, and the . In addition, former countries and , and current countries Australia, Ireland, Malta and the United Kingdom, have only been represented by songs fully in an official language.
Criticism
French legislator François-Michel Gonnot criticised the French broadcaster France Télévisions and launched an official complaint in the French parliament, as the song which represented France in , "Divine" by Sébastien Tellier, was sung in English. A similar incident occurred again in , when Ruth Lorenzo was criticised by the Royal Spanish Academy after winning the Spanish national selection with their song "Dancing in the Rain", which contained some lyrics in English.
Languages and their first appearance
Languages are fully counted below when they are used in at least an entire verse or chorus of a song. First brief uses of a language are also noted.
Winners by language
Between 1966 and 1972, and again between 1977 and 1998, countries were only permitted to perform in a official, national or regional language of their country. Since language restrictions were last lifted in 1999, only four songs in non-English languages have won: Serbia's "Molitva" in 2007 (Serbian), Portugal's "Amar pelos dois" in 2017 (Portuguese), Italy's "Zitti e buoni" in 2021 (Italian) and Ukraine's "Stefania" in 2022 (Ukrainian). Also, Ukraine's winning entries in 2004 and 2016 combined lyrics in English with Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar, respectively.
In 2017, "Amar pelos dois" became the first Portuguese-language song to win the contest, the first winner since 2007 to both be in a language that had never produced a winning song before and be entirely in a language other than English. Among all Eurovision winning entries, only Ukraine's were performed in more than one language.
2021 was the first year since 1995, and the first since language restrictions were last lifted in 1999, that the top three songs were all sung in a non-English language: Italian (first) and French (second and third).
Entries in imaginary languages
Three times in the history of the contest, songs have been sung, wholly or partially, in imaginary languages.
Performances with sign languages
Some performances have included phrases in sign languages on stage.
See also
List of languages in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Notes and references
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Eurovision Song Contest history. Eurovision.tv. Retrieved on 19 August 2007.
History. ESCtoday.com. Retrieved on 19 August 2007.
John Kennedy O'Connor (2005). The Eurovision Song Contest 50 Years The Official History. London: Carlton Books Limited. .
Eurovision Song Contest
languages
Gece (English: Night)is a Turkish alternative/indie rock band.
Band history
Can Baydar and Eren Çilalioğlu had been playing together since their high school days and they joined with Gökçe Balaban to form the band Gece (meaning "night") in 2000. Their lineup was completed when Erdem Başer joined them in 2004.
Gece began playing in various bars in Ankara such as Saklıkent, Limon, Manhattan and If. as well as universities and schools. In 2005 they reached the final of the Roxy Music Days contest. In 2008, they went into the studio and recorded their first album İçinde Saklı which was produced by Koray Candemir. The band continued performing and made appearances in festivals such as Masstival and Rock'n Coke. In 2010 they signed with Sony Music and released the song Gamsız as a single. After two months, they released their second album (a self-titled album) and the song Ben Öldüm on it as a video clip.
Discography
İçinde Saklı (2008) - first studio album
Gamsız (2010) - single
Gece (2011) - second studio album
İyi Niyetli Bir Gün (2014) - third studio album
Kalbe Kördüğüm (2016) - fourth studio album
Gamsız (Single, 2010)
Başıma Gelenler (featured by Nilüfer, 2013)
Yıldızlar Buradan Yükseliyor (single, 2013)
Yanımda Kal (Single, 2013)
Video clips
İçinde Saklı
Öldür İstersen
Bar
Hoşuna mı Gitti
Gamsız
Ben Öldüm
Yarım
Bana Bir Şarkı Söyle
Yıldızlar Buradan Yükseliyor
Yanımda Kal
Derbeder
Bomonti Sokakları
İyileşmiyor
Gönder Gelsin
Kalbe Kördüğüm
References
External links
Official site of Gece
Lagu76
mp3
Turkish rock music groups
Turkish alternative rock groups
Turkish indie rock groups
Musical groups from Ankara
Musical groups established in 2000
Ian Davidson is a British scriptwriter who also acted, directed and produced in television and the theatre from the 1960s. After performing and writing with Michael Palin and Terry Jones at Oxford University - their first BBC writing credit was for That Was the Week That Was in 1963 - they became an actor at The Second City in Chicago.
Returning to the UK, they worked for Ned Sherrin (as a film director) and David Frost, and then began a lifelong association with Barry Humphries as a writer and director.
They appear, briefly, in many of the Monty Python's Flying Circus episodes - notably as a Dead Indian On a Pile of Dung, and as a news reporter who interrupts a sketch to say that it's their first time appearing on television.
They were Script Editor of The Two Ronnies from 1978 to 1983 and with Peter Vincent wrote seven series of the sitcom Sorry! With Vincent they also wrote for Dave Allen, The Brittas Empire and Comrade Dad. With John Chapman, they wrote French Fields for Thames Television.
In 2013, Vincent and Davidson wrote When the Dog Dies for Radio 4.
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British male television actors
British television writers
British male television writers
India Joy Eisley (born October 29, 1993) is an American actor.  They are known for their role as Ashley Juergens in the ABC Family television series The Secret Life of the American Teenager, Eve in the 2012 film Underworld: Awakening, Sawa in the 2014 film Kite, Audrina in the 2016 television film My Sweet Audrina, and Fauna Hodel on the 2019 TNT series I Am the Night.
Early life
India Joy Eisley was born in Los Angeles on October 29, 1993, the daughter of English actor Olivia Hussey and American musician David Glen Eisley. Them paternal grandfather was American actor Anthony Eisley, while their maternal grandfather was Argentinian opera singer, Andreas Osuna. They have two older maternal half-brothers from their mother's prior marriages: Alexander (born 1973), whose father is American actor Dean Paul Martin, and Max (born 1983), whose father is Japanese singer Akira Fuse.
Career
Eisley and their mother appeared together in the 2005 movie Headspace. After small roles in various independent films, Eisley gained a major role in 2008 in The Secret Life of the American Teenager. They played Ashley Juergens, younger sister of teen mother Amy Juergens.
In the 2012 film Underworld: Awakening, Eisley was cast as Eve, the hybrid daughter of Selene and Michael Corvin; Eisley was cast due to their strong resemblance to Selene's actor, Kate Beckinsale.
Eisley starred as Sawa in the 2014 action film Kite, opposite Samuel L. Jackson. In late 2014, they filmed Social Suicide (2015), a modern retelling of Romeo and Juliet, appearing with their real-life mother Olivia Hussey, who played Mrs. Coulson, with Eisley playing their daughter, Julia.
In 2015, Eisley starred in the horror-thriller film The Curse of Sleeping Beauty as Briar Rose. The same year, they were cast in the titular role in the television film adaptation of the V. C. Andrews' book My Sweet Audrina for Lifetime, which aired in 2016. In 2017, they starred in the Netflix original film Clinical. In 2018, Eisley played the lead role of Maria in the psychological thriller film Look Away.
Author Jessica Brody has expressed a desire for Eisley to portray their character Seraphina in the film adaptation of their novel Unremembered. Hollywood casting director Michelle Levy was first to recommend Eisley for the role.
In 2019, Eisley starred as Fauna Hodel in the six-part limited series I Am the Night, which is based on Hodel's memoir One Day She'll Darken: The Mysterious Beginnings of Fauna Hodel. The series premiered on January 27, 2019, on TNT. In 2020, they played Tillie Gardner in the film Dead Reckoning. In 2021, they played Lucy in the film Every Breath You Take''.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1993 births
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Los Angeles
American child actores
American film actores
American television actores
Living people
American people of English descent
American people of Argentine descent
Hispanic and Latino American actores
Saku Savolainen (born 13 August 1996) is a Finnish football player. They play for KuPS.
Club career
They made their Veikkausliiga debut for KuPS on 23 May 2013 in a game against JJK.
References
External links
1996 births
People from Iisalmi
Living people
Finnish footballers
Finland youth international footballers
Finland under-21 international footballers
Kuopion Palloseura players
Veikkausliiga players
Pallo-Kerho 37 players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from North Savo
The 2011 Jelajah Malaysia, a cycling stage race that took place in Malaysia. It was held from 8 to 13 March 2011. There were six stages with a total of 1,011 kilometres. In fact, the race was sanctioned by the Union Cycliste Internationale as a 2.2 category race and was part of the 2010–11 UCI Asia Tour calendar.
Mehdi Sohrabi of Iran won the race, followed by David McCann of Ireland second and Ioannis Tamouridis of Greece third overall. Mohamed Harrif Salleh of Malaysia won the points classification and Adiq Husainie Othman of Malaysia won the mountains classification. won the team classification.
Stages
Classification leadership
Final standings
General classification
Points classification
Mountains classification
Team classification
Asian rider classification
Asian team classification
Malaysian rider classification
Malaysian team classification
Stage results
Stage 1
8 March 2011 — Kota Iskandar to Bandar Penawar,
Stage 2
9 March 2011 — Bandar Penawar to Kluang,
Stage 3
10 March 2011 — Kluang to Kuala Rompin,
Stage 4
11 March 2011 — Kuala Rompin to Pekan,
Stage 5
12 March 2011 — Pekan to Bentong,
Stage 6
8 March 2011 — Batu Caves to Nilai,
List of teams and riders
A total of 28 teams were invited to participate in the 2011 Jelajah Malaysia. Out of 171 riders, a total of 109 riders made it to the finish in Nilai.
David McCann
Rico Rogers
Jai Crawford
Alex Coutts
Ryan Sherlock
Aisan Racing Team
Takeaki Ayabe
Kenichi Suzuki
Masahiro Shinagawa
Kazuhiro Mori
Yasuharu Nakajima
Shinpei Fukuda
Chau Dor Ming
Clemens Fankhauser
Matthias Friedemann
Jaan Kirsipuu
Mart Ojavee
Christopher Williams
Jonathan Lovelock
Patrick Shaw
Anthony Giacoppo
Steele Von Hoff
Nathan Haas
Nathan Earle
Holy Brother Cycling Team
Man Jianren
Li Chao
Wei Baoxin
Zhao Yiming
Jin Long
Xu Junheng
Jesse Anthony
Marsh Cooper
Michael Creed
Jason Donald
Daniel Holloway
Reid Mumford
Ng Yong Li
Mohd Hafiz Rozli
Mohd Shawal Mohd Shafee
Evgeny Vakker
Félix Vidal Celis Zabala
Sam Witmitz
Ghader Mizbani
Hossein Askari
Mehdi Sohrabi
Markus Eibegger
Behnam Khalilikhosroshahi
Boris Shpilevsky
Team Eddy Merckx-Indeland
Stefan Ganser
Dirk Finders
Alexander Schmitt
Daniel Westmattelmann
Luc Hagenaars
David Kopp
SP Tableware
Ioannis Tamouridis
Christoph Springer
Mark O'Brien
Periklis Ilias
Guillaume Pont
Yusrizal Usoff
Anuar Manan
Motoi Nara
Mohamed Harrif Salleh
Mohd Shahrul Mat Amin
Mohd Saufi Mat Senan
Vali ASR Kerman Team
Jalil Eslami
Mohammad Zangi Abadi
Moezeddin Seyed-Rezaei
Saeed Nateghi
Amin Eslampour
Hossein Nateghi
Brunei
Muhammad Halid Sata
Reduan Yusop
Azmi Abd Hadzid
Muhammad Nurhaimin Awang
Faizal Ahmad
Arbe Shadatul Farrani
Malaysia
Ahmad Fakhrullah Alias
Mohamad Akmal Amrun
Adiq Husainie Othman
Sarham Miswan
Mohd Zulhilmie Afif Ahmad Zamri
Mohd Al-Ghazali Abd. Hamid
Thailand
Sarawut Sirironnachai
Nawuti Lihongyu
Thurakit Boonratanathanakorn
Nattapon Jeebthaworn
Okart Bualoi
Jakapan Ruanpae
Uzbekistan
Muradjan Khalmuratov
Vadim Shaekhov
Yusup Abrekov
Abdullojon Akparov
Vladimir Tuychiev
Gleb Gorbachev
7-Eleven Racing Team By RoadBike Philippines
Lloyd Lucien Reynante
Tomaz Matinez
Ericson Obosa
Mark John Lexer Galedo
Irish Valenzuela
Toots Oledan
FELDA-T Cycling Team
Khairul Anuar Ibrahim
Muhamad Harif Muralis
Muhammad Zulhilmie Ahmad Zamri
Mohd Syairazy Mohamad Puad
Mohd Fahmi Irfan Mohd Zailani
Muhamad Khairul Azizi Abdullah
Johor
Mohd Firdaus Daud
Mohd Fakhruddin Daud
Muhamad Rizal Muhamad
Mohd Shahelmie Abd Karim
Matthew Chong Soon Leong
Shaiful Ahmad
Malaysian Armed Forces
Mohd Nur Rizuan Zainal
Mohamed Zamri Salleh
Mohd Shahrul Afiza Fauizan
Mohd Fadhli Anwar Mohd Fauzi
Mohd Shahrul Nizam Che Shamsudin
Mohd Hazwan Azeman
Maramnde 47-F2P Team
Jean Mespoulede
Maxime Martin
Jonathan Mouchel
Sylvain Pandele
Florent Sentuco
Yohan Baudrit
Negeri Sembilan
Mohamad Fairet Rusli
Amirul Anuar Jefri
Mohd Ekbar Zamanhuri
Abdul Rashid Ibrahim
Wan Shazwan Afiq Wan Shahril Anuar
Mohd Nurshafiq Suhaimi
OCBC Singapore Continental Cycling Team
Ang Kee Meng
Ho Jun Rong
Calvin Sim
Marcus Leong
Junaidi Hashim
Adi Putera Yusoff
Pahang
Mohamad Aim Mohamad Fauzi
Mohd Yazrul Hisham Zulkifli
Mohd Saifullah Jamal Alias
Wan Ahmad Zarif Wan Abdul Halim
Mohamad Faris Moher Affendy
Muhamad Ayub Mohd Radzi
Royal Malaysia Police
Amir Rusli
Mohd Fauzan Ahmad Lutfi
Salahuddin Mat Saman
Mohd Faris Abdul Razak
Nik Mohd Azwan Zulfikle
Ahmad Huzairi Abu Bakar
Polygon Sweet Nice
Herwin Jaya
Jimmy Pranata
Antonius Christopher Tjondrokusumo
Dani Lesmana
Bambang Suriyadi
Serguei Kudentsov
Pusat Sukan Tumpuan Berbasikal KPT-UTEM Cycling Team
Gan Hock Seng
Muhammad Amin Amiruddin
Mohd Sayuti Mohd Zahit
Amirrudin Jamaluddin
Mohammad Zaki Ramlee
Mohammad Amirul Mohamed Ali
Sabah
Raijesy Ryner R. Anang
Abdul Rahman Abu Hasan
Khairul Naim Azhar
Shahrizan Selamat
Customs Cycling Club
Erik Suprianto
Fajar Mulia Ramli
Iwan Setiawan
Heksa Priya Prasetya
Hartono Gunawan
Muhamad Nur Fatoni
Kuala Lumpur
Suhardi Hassan
Ahmad Fallanie Ali
Wan Mohd Najmee Wan Mohamad
Nazri Mohamad
Mohd Shafari Abdul Malik
Loh Sea Keong
External links
Palmares at cyclingarchives.com
Results at cqranking.com
Jelajah Malaysia
Jelajah Malaysia
Jelajah Malaysia, 2011
Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist may refer to:
Fifth Church of Christ Scientist (Denver, Colorado), a Denver Landmark
Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist (New York, New York)
Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist (Seattle, Washington)
Javāher Nāmeh-ye Lankarān is one of the works about the economic, geographical and historical life of the Talysh khanate, as well as the occupation of the territory by Russia. The work was by Seyidali Kazim bey oglu. It consists of only 43 pages and was written in 1869 in Persian.
Structure
The work consists of an introduction, six chapters and a final word. The introduction of the work clarifies the purpose of its writing. In the first chapter of the work, the author tries to explain the word Lankaran, and in the second chapter the origin of the word. The third chapter of "Javāher Nāmeh-ye Lankarān" is dedicated to the borders and natural resources of Talysh khanate.The fourth chapter deals with the climate of Talysh khanate. The fifth chapter deals with the lives and tombstones of a number of saints who lived in the area. The sixth chapter of "Javāher Nāmeh-ye Lankarān" tells about the short history of Talysh khanate. Here, first of all, the period before the establishment of the khanate and the march of Agha Mohammad Shah Qajar is covered.
Themes
The author describes Russia's plans of aggression as follows: After Nadir's death, Agha Mohammad Shah's attempt to capture Lankaran was unsuccessful. Fatali Shah, who wanted to subdue Mir Mustafa Khan by various means, was convinced that they would not be able to achieve their dream peacefully and marched to Lankaran with an army of 30,000. Mir Mustafa khan called the council to save the country from this difficult situation.The council, which said it was a great insult to submit to Iran, decided to seek Russian help. According to this decision, Mir Mustafa khan sent an envoy to Russia through their cousin Mirza Muhammad bey via Astrakhan.The last word of the work is dedicated to archeological and historical monuments in Lankaran and surrounding areas. The author's work is an artistic description, chronicle. Despite the limited description of the events in the work, it is very valuable in terms of studying the history of the Talysh khanate.In the Azerbaijani historiography of the 60s and 80s of the twentieth century, along with the problem of the Russian occupation of Northern Azerbaijan as a whole, the study of the historical development of individual khanates and the history of their subordination to Russia became widespread. The formation of khanates, their internal and external situation, the relations of khanates with Russia, their annexation to the empire and other issues are the main themes of these works.
References
Talysh Khanate
1869 books
Persian-language books
Roy Smith (August 6, 1944 – February 26, 2004) is a former NASCAR driver and part of a Victoria-era racing family. Their brother Al and their son Gary also had raced.
Career
Smith raced the majority of their career in Winston West, winning four championships (1980–82, 1988), although they made three stand-alone Winston Cups starts, all in the Daytona 500.
Their official NASCAR Sprint Cup Series record shows 26 starts as the other 23 starts were in combination races were Cup/West races. Until 1998, when NASCAR aligned the Winston West Series with the Busch North Series, all Winston Cup races in California or Arizona (along with the 1994 Brickyard 400) were declared combination races where NASCAR could feature both regular "East Coast" (Cup) drivers racing with the West Coast (West) drivers (a similar move was used in the Busch Grand National and Busch North Series races in the Northeast at the time). For West Series drivers, they were awarded points for their series compared to other West Series drivers, and also scored an official Cup start, but not charged with one of the five starts for Rookie of the Year in Cup.
In the Cup Series, They had four finishes in the top ten, including the 1982 Daytona 500, and no wins. Smith was inducted in the West Coast Stock Car Hall of Fame in 2002.
See also
List of Canadians in NASCAR
References
External links
1944 births
2004 deaths
Racing drivers from British Columbia
Sportspeople from Victoria, British Columbia
NASCAR drivers
Canadian racing drivers
Annke Conradi (born 30 August 1965) is a German Paralympic swimmer who specialises in backstroke and freestyle and is a double world and Paralympic champion.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
German female freestyle swimmers
German female backstroke swimmers
S3-classified Paralympic swimmers
Paralympic swimmers of Germany
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Paralympic gold medalists for Germany
Paralympic silver medalists for Germany
Paralympic bronze medalists for Germany
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
20th-century German women
21st-century German women
Zdeněk Škromach (born 31 December 1956) is a Czech politician, who served as the Vice-President of the Senate of the Parliament of the Czech Republic from 2010 to 2016.
Family
 They are married to Miroslava Škromachová and has two children.
References
External links
Official website
As minister
As MP
1956 births
Labour and Social Affairs ministers of the Czech Republic
People from Hodonín
Living people
Czech Social Democratic Party Senators
Candidates in the 2018 Czech presidential election
Czech Social Democratic Party MPs
Czech Social Democratic Party Government ministers
Czech trade unionists
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic (1998–2002)
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic (2002–2006)
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic (2006–2010)
Georg Maximilian Sterzinsky (9 February 1936 – 30 June 2011) was a German cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the Archbishop of Berlin.
Early life
Sterzinsky was born in Warlack (earlier also Wurlacken, Warlaucken, now Worławki, Olsztyn County), Landkreis Heilsberg, in German East Prussia. They lost their mother as a child and their family took refuge in Thuringia, due to the expulsions following the end of World War II; their homeland of Warmia is now within Poland.
Priest and bishop
Sterzinsky was ordained a priest in 1960. After serving as a parish priest for fifteen years, they became Vicar General to the Bishop of Erfurt in 1981. In 1989, they themselves was appointed Bishop of Berlin and, in 1994, they became Archbishop when that see was raised to Archdiocese.
Cardinal
Sterzinsky was proclaimed Cardinal-Priest of S. Giuseppe all'Aurelio on 28 June 1991. They were one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that selected Pope Benedict XVI.
Pope Benedict XVI accepted Cardinal Sterzinsky's retirement as Metropolitan Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Berlin on 24 February 2011, for reasons of age (he had reached the age limit of 75) and health.
No successor was immediately named for Cardinal Sterzinsky upon their retirement, so the Archdiocese of Berlin was a vacant see (sede vacante) at the time. Auxiliary Bishop Matthias Heinrich was appointed apostolic administrator until a new Archbishop was named.
In April 2011 Cardinal Sterzinsky was transferred to a rehabilitation clinic. In May 2011 it was reported that their condition was very serious after they developed pneumonia and had to be brought from the rehabilitation centre back to the hospital. Cardinal Sterzinsky died on 30 June. Pope Benedict XVI sent a telegram of condolence to Auxiliary Bishop Heinrich, expressing their closeness to the people of the Archdiocese and praising Sterzinsky's efforts in serving the people of Berlin during the fall of the Berlin Wall and the transition to a united Germany.
On 2 July 2011, two days after the Cardinal's death, Pope Benedict XVI, named Rainer Maria Woelki as the new Metropolitan Archbishop of Berlin.
Views
In November 2004, Sterzinsky criticized the notion of "gay marriage". They argued in a sermon that it could be necessary for Catholics to protest and resist gay marriage laws "die dem Gesetz Gottes widersprechen" ("that are contradictory to the laws of God").
References
External links
Bio from the Vatican
Profile on Catholic Hierarchy
1936 births
2011 deaths
People from Olsztyn County
20th-century German cardinals
Roman Catholic bishops of Berlin
Archbishops of Berlin
21st-century German cardinals
People from East Prussia
Grand Crosses with Star and Sash of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Burials at St. Hedwig's Cathedral
The discography of American hip hop recording artist Yelawolf consists of seven studio albums, five collaborative albums, six mixtapes, nine EPs, 46 singles (including fifteen as a featured artist) and 78 music videos. Their music has been released on record labels Interscope Records, Shady Records and DGC Records, including independent record label Ghet-O-Vision and Slumerican which has released some of their independent material.
Studio albums
Collaborative albums
EPs
Mixtapes
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Music videos
Notes
References
Discographies of American artists
Hip hop discographies
Weigert's elastic stain is a combination of stains used in histology which is useful in identifying elastic fibers. Often orcein or a combination of resorcinol and fuchsine are used for staining. For counterstaining cell nuclei nuclear fast red or hematoxylin is also used. After applying elastic fibers show up blue coloured while cell nuclei gets red or blue.
See also
Karl Weigert
Masson's trichrome stain
External links
Histology
Staining
The Holy Trinity Priory, also known as Christchurch Aldgate, was a priory of Austin canons (Black Canons) founded around 1108 by Queen Matilda of England, wife of King Henry I, near Aldgate in London.
History
Queen Maud received advice and help in the foundation from Anselm of Canterbury, the Archbishop of Canterbury. The house was founded with clergy from St Botolph's Priory in Colchester, and the first prior was Norman, who was the queen's confessor. By 1115 the entire soke, or liberty of East Smithfield (including the ward of Portsoken) was given by the Knighten Guilde to the church of Holy Trinity within Aldgate. The prior of the abbey was then to sit as an ex officio Alderman of London.
Matilda of Boulogne continued the close relationship between queenship and the priory. Two of their children were buried here and they took the prior as their confessor. In the 12th century the priory had a reputation as a centre of learning under Prior Peter of Cornwall.
Holy Trinity Priory in London, commended to St Botolph's Priory by Queen Maud, was initially supposed to be obedient to them. However this authority was disputed by Holy Trinity, and after a lawsuit before arbitrators appointed by Pope Honorius III the matter was referred to the bishop of London, who decided in 1223 that Holy Trinity should be free from visitation from the canons and priors of St Botolph's.
Thomas Pomerey is named as the prior of the house & church of Holy Trinity within Algate, in 1460.
The priory was dissolved in February 1532 when it was given back to King Henry VIII of England. The buildings and land associated with the priory were given, or sold, to prominent courtiers and City merchants. None of the buildings survive today except for some pointed arches within the office building on the corner of Aldgate and Mitre Street. Mitre Street itself follows roughly the line of the nave of the priory church, while Mitre Square corresponds roughly to the former cloister.
Some account of the Priory is given by John Stow, and in the revised Monasticon.
Burials
Geoffrey FitzGeoffrey de Mandeville, 2nd Earl of Essex
Agnes (d. 12 June 1403), daughter of Michael de Poynings, 1st Baron Poynings
Baldwin of Blois, son of Stephen, King of England, (died in or before 1135)
Matilda of Blois, daughter of Stephen, King of England, (died before 1141), married in infancy to Waleran de Beaumont, Count of Meulan
Rohese de Boulogne, wife of Richard de Luci
Lady Margaret Tibetot Scrope, wife of Roger Scrope, 2nd Baron Scrope of Bolton
Priors
The priors of this house include:
Norman d. 1147- a disciple of Anselm of Canterbury
Ralph d. 1167
William
Peter of Cornwall (Prior 1197-1221)
Richard de Temple
John de Toking
Eustace prior from 1264 to 1280
William Aygnel
John Sevenoke (accused of lechery in 1439)
Nicholas Hancocke
References
References
History of the City of London
Augustinian monasteries in England
Monasteries in London
1108 establishments in England
Christian monasteries established in the 12th century
1532 disestablishments in England
Medieval London
Monasteries dissolved under the English Reformation
(born 14 April 2000) is a Japanese table tennis player. They competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics, in Women's team, winning a silver medal.
They won the women's singles at the 2017 Asian Table Tennis Championships, sweeping away three top Chinese players - Olympic champion and world number one Ding Ning, Zhu Yuling and in the finals, Chen Meng - to clinch the championship. They also won the 2016 Women's World Cup — the youngest ever winner.
Career
2014
In March 2014, they and Mima Ito won their first doubles title at ITTF World Tour German Open. They became the youngest ever winners of the doubles competition in the ITTF World Tour. They were part of the Japanese team in 2014 Asian Games, but lost to China in the final.
In April 2014 they won their second doubles title with Mima Ito at the ITTF World Tour Spanish open.
In December 2014, they won the doubles title with Mima Ito at the ITTF World Tour Grand Finals in Bangkok. The pair defeated Singapore pair of Feng Tianwei and Yu Mengyu in the semi-finals and Poland pair of Katarzyna Grzybowska and Natalia Partyka in the final.
2015
On 5 July 2015, Miu Hirano and Mima Ito won the Women's Doubles title at the ITTF World Tour Korean Open. This was their third doubles title since 2014.
2016
In April 2016, they won their first women's singles title in ITTF World Tour Polish Open by defeating Yu Mengyu in the Final.
On 9 October 2016, with the absence of Chinese players, they seized the opportunity to win the Women's World Cup in Philadelphia, USA after defeating Mima Ito in the quarterfinals, Feng Tianwei in the semi-final and Cheng I-ching in the final. This marks the youngest women's World Cup Champion and the first non-Chinese player to win the title.
2017
On 22 January 2017, they won All Japan Championships by defeating Kasumi Ishikawa 4–2 in the final at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium.
On 14 April 2017, they defeated the world ranked No.1 player Ding Ning at the 2017 ITTF Asian Table Tennis Championships. The following day of the tournament, they defeated the world ranked No.2 player Zhu Yuling in the Semifinals and Chen Meng world ranked No.5 in the Finals, where they set a new record for the youngest winner of the Asian Championships in the Singles Event. They became the third non-Chinese player ever and the first non-Chinese player since Chire Koyama in 1996 to win the Singles title.
In the 2017 World Table Tennis Championships in Düsseldorf, Hirano progressed to the singles semi-finals but lost to Ding Ning of China. They obtained a joint bronze medal with Liu Shiwen of China. This ended a long medal drought for Japan in women's singles at the world championships since Toshiko Kowada achieved the gold medal in 1969 World Championships.
2021
Hirano represented Japan at the 2021 Tokyo Olympics in the team event. However, they will not play in the singles event. In March, Hirano played in WTT Doha, but suffered disappointing upsets in both the WTT Contender and WTT Star Contender event, including a loss to Shin Yubin in a potential Olympic Team preview.
Hirano won silver in the team event at the Tokyo Olympics.
Career records
Statistics correct
Singles
World Championships:SF(2017), round of 32 (2015)
World Cup: Winner (2016), 4th (2017)
World Tour
Winner: Polish Open (2016)
Runner-up: Spanish Open (2014); Croatia Open(2016)
World Tour Grand Finals: SF (2016)
Asian Championships: Winner (2017)
Asian Cup: QF (2016)
World Junior Championships: QF (2014,2016)
Doubles
World Championships: : round of 32 (2015)
World Tour
Winner: German, Spanish Open (2014); Korea Open (2015)
Runner-up: Korea Open (2014); Spanish Open (2015)
World Tour Grand Finals
Winner : Bangkok Open (2014)
Runner-up : Lisbon Open (2015)
Asian Championships: Runner-up (2015)
World Junior Championships: Runner-up (2014)
Mixed doubles
World Junior Championships: QF (2016)
Team
Asian Games: Runner-up (2014)
Asian Championships: Runner-up (2015,2017)
World Junior Championships
Winner (2016)
Runner-up (2014,2015)
Finals
Singles
Titles 3、runner-ups 2
Doubles
Titles 4、runner-ups 4
Performance timelines
S=Singles,D=Doubles,T=Team
Current through the 2017 Asian Table Tennis Championships.
ITTF World ranking
Awards
2016: ITTF Breakthrough Star of the Year
Records
World Cup Women's singles the youngest Champion
Asian Championship Women's singles the youngest Champion
In popular culture
Hirano made their acting debut in the 2018 Fuji TV drama The Confidence Man JP''.
References
External links
Miu Hirano - ITTF
Miu Hirano - ITTF archive
Miu Hirano's SponsoringStiga
Miu Hiranotabletennis-reference
Miu Hirano
Miu HiranoJOC
JOC Elite Academy
Miu Hirano's SponsoringMizuno Japan
Miu HiranoChina Table Tennis Super League
Miu Hirano's Web-Site Japan
2000 births
Living people
Japanese female table tennis players
Asian Games medalists in table tennis
Table tennis players at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
People from Numazu, Shizuoka
World Table Tennis Championships medalists
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in China
Table tennis players at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Olympic table tennis players of Japan
Table tennis players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in table tennis
Olympic silver medalists for Japan
Penguin Island Lighthouse was a lighthouse located on Penguin Island at the north end of Rivoli Bay in South Australia.
It was first lit on 1 October 1878. In 1960, the lighthouse was decommissioned to allow the transfer of the light's apparatus to a new lighthouse on Cape Martin to the immediate north. In 1904, John Hendry, head keeper of the lighthouse, was lost at sea and presumed drowned.
See also
List of lighthouses in Australia
References
External links
Australian Maritime Safety Authority
Lighthouses completed in 1878
Lighthouses in South Australia
Limestone Coast
Disused lighthouses in Australia
Louise Mahoney is a camogie player, winner of a Soaring Star award in 2009.
Awards
They were player of the match when Harps won their third successive All Ireland junior club championship in 2008. They were UCD camogie player of the year for 2004. They and sisters Áine and Elaine were leading figures on the Harps team which won three successive All Ireland junior club championships in 2006, 2007 and 2008.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Laois camogie players
UCD camogie players
A respite is a delay in the imposition of sentence but in no way modifies a sentence or addresses questions of due process, guilt or innocence.
United States
The pardon power of the United States Constitution has been broadly interpreted to include a variety of specific powers. Among those powers are: pardons, conditional pardons, commutations of sentence, conditional commutations of sentence, remissions of fines and forfeitures, respites and amnesties.
Historically, presidents have granted most respites for periods of 30 to 90 days and have renewed (extended) such delays when it seemed necessary. The most common public explanations for respites have been to:
delay executions (for a variety of reasons)
allow additional time to study clemency applications
await the outcome of an appeal
allow full executive review of a sentence affirmed in the appellate process
While these have been the commonly stated reasons, the Constitution does not limit the circumstances or the length of time involved
According to the Office of the Pardon Attorney (U.S. Department of Justice), presidents have utilized respites to varying degrees although, as is the case with every other form of executive clemency, there has been something like a general decline since 1900. The Pardon Attorney has posted data for respites for some administrations.
Most recently, Bill Clinton delayed the execution of Juan Garza in order that an ongoing study of bias in the federal death-penalty system might be completed.
References
External links
"Respite for Libby?", P.S. Ruckman, Jr., National Review, June 14, 2007
Pardon Power Blog
"Bush Faces `No-Win' Pressures to Pardon Convicted Cheney Aide", Edwin Chen, Bloomberg, July 2, 2007
Clemency
Legal terminology
United States federal law
Blair Athol Distillery is a distillery in Scotland that distills Blair Athol single malt whisky. It is used in Bell's whisky, and is also normally available in a 12-year-old bottling. The distillery is located on the south edge of Pitlochry in Perthshire, near the River Tummel.
The distillery was founded in 1798 by John Steward and Robert Robertson, originally named 'Aldour',
after the Allt Dour burn the distillery draws it water from, but closed soon after opening. The distillery opened again and changed ownership to John Robertson in 1825.
It was sold several times in the period after, going from John Robertson to Alexander
Conacher & Co., then to John Conacher & Co, which was inherited by Elizabeth Conacher in 1860. It was sold again to Peter Fraser & Co, and again to Peter Mackenzie of P. McKenzie & Co Distillers Limited in 1882.
The distillery closed down in 1932. The mothballed distillery was bought by Arthur Bell and Sons, but didn't open again until it was rebuilt in 1949. In 1973 the distillery expanded, adding two further stills to the previous two.
References
External links
Official website
Scottish malt whisky
Distilleries in Scotland
Companies based in Perth and Kinross
1798 establishments in Scotland
British companies established in 1798
Food and drink companies established in 1798
Buildings and structures in Pitlochry
Toptaş, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Necrobia rufipes, the red-legged ham beetle, is a species of predatory beetle, in the family Cleridae, with a cosmopolitan distribution, first described by Charles De Geer in 1775.
The adult beetles are long, convex, straight sided, and the surface has indentations called punctures.
They are shiny metallic green or greenish blue. The legs and antennae are red (dark clubs). They feed on the meat-infesting larvae of Calliphora or blow flies, Dermestidae and Piophilidae. The adults are surface feeders; the larvae bore into dry or smoked meats and do most damage. The red-legged ham beetle also attacks bones, hides, copra, dried egg, cheese, guano, bone meal, dried figs, and palm nut kernels. Although refrigeration has reduced the impact of the beetle on meats, they are a significant destructive pest of dried and salt fish including herring. It was well documented as a threat to agriculture by 1925.
Necrobia rufipes has been recorded in Egyptian mummies and were once known as Necrobia mumiarum (Rev. F.W. Hope, 1834).
Two related species are Necrobia violacea which has all-dark legs and antennae, and Necrobia ruficollis, which has light-coloured bases of the elytra (shoulders). Although similar, neither are as destructive as N. rufipes. This species should not be confused with its cousin, Korynetes caeruleus, another steely-blue beetle in the family Cleridae. Both species have a significance in forensic entomology but for different reasons.
References
Cleridae
Beetles described in 1781
Cosmopolitan arthropods
The 1996 Maple Leaf Canadian Junior Curling Championships, the men's and women's national junior curling championships of Canada, were held February 3 to 11 at the Shamrock and Granite Curling Clubs in Edmonton, Alberta. The 1996 event was the first to be sponsored by Maple Leaf Foods.
In their first season together, the Jeff Currie rink, representing Northern Ontario won the men's event, defeating future Olympic champion Ryan Fry and their team from Manitoba in the final. The team went on to represent Canada at the 1996 World Junior Curling Championships in Red Deer, where they finished fourth. It was Northern Ontario's fourth junior men's title.
The women's side was won by the Heather Godberson (now Nedohin) rink from Alberta. Team Alberta would defeat Saskatchewan, skipped by Cindy Street in the final. At the 1996 Worlds, Godberson led team Canada to a gold medal performance. Alberta's win was the fifth women's junior championship for that province.
Man 's
The men's field included future Olympic champions Ryan Fry (Manitoba) and Brad Gushue (Newfoundland) as well as future Brier champion Jean-Michel Ménard (Quebec).
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Tiebreakers
Tiebreaker #1
Tiebreaker #2
Playoffs
Semifinal
Final
Woman 's
The women's field included future Olympic silver medalist Kristie Moore (second for Alberta), future world champion Jeanna Richard (British Columbia) and future Scotties champion Heather Godberson (Alberta).
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Tiebreakers
Tiebreaker #1
Tiebreaker #2
Playoffs
Semifinal
Final
Qualification
Ontario
The Teranet Ontario Junior Curling Championships were held in Newmarket, with the finals on January 14.
Denna Schell of Cannington won the women's event over Milton's Kirsten Harmark in the final, 5-4. In the men's final, Pat Ferris of Sutton defeated the Ottawa Curling Club's Ray Busato, 5-4.
External links
Men's statistics
Women's statistics
References
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Curling in Alberta
Sport in Edmonton
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Canadian Junior Curling
February 1996 sports events in Canada
The VIII Brigade or 8th Brigade of the Royal Flying Corps and from 1 April 1918, Royal Air Force, was a bomber formation which carried out air raids against Germany in the First World War.
The VIII Brigade of the Royal Flying Corps was created on 28 December 1917 by raising the 41st Wing to Brigade status. The 41st Wing continued to exist as a subordinate formation of the VIII Brigade. The VIII Brigade's only Commander was Brigadier-General C. L. N. Newall.
Although the VIII Brigade had been established in December 1917 it did not exercise command authority until 1 February 1918, when Newall took command. The following month, on 1 April 1918, the VII Brigade was transferred to the Royal Air Force. With the British Government seeking to expand the bombing raids against Germany, the VIII Brigade itself was subsumed into a larger formation, becoming part of the Independent Air Force on 6 June 1918.
References
Royal Flying Corps
Military units and formations of the Royal Air Force in World War I
Military units and formations established in 1917
Brigades of the United Kingdom
1917 establishments in the United Kingdom
David A. Hearn, (February 14, 1853 – March 9, 1920) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. They represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1886 to 1890 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
They were born in Arichat, Nova Scotia, the son of James Hearn, of Irish origin, and Isabella Campbell, who came from Scotland. They were educated in Arichat and was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1878. In 1879, they married Elizabeth Ida Quinan. Hearn served as a member of the council for Richmond County, as a school commissioner and was a census commissioner in 1881. In 1891, they moved their practice to Sydney. In 1893 they became one of the founding members of the Sydney Lawn Tennis Club which was incorporated by an Act of the Nova Scotia Legislature. Hearn advocated the abolition of the province's Legislative Council. They married Bridget Mary Ormond in 1905 following the death of their first wife. In 1907, they were named King's Counsel. Hearn was a member of the Knights of Columbus and at one time was president of the Nova Scotia Barristers Association. They died of pneumonia in 1920.
References
1853 births
Year of death missing
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Deaths from pneumonia in Nova Scotia
Olexander Viktorovich Bilanenko () (born January 8, 1978 in Sumy) is a former Ukrainian biathlete.
They retired from the sport at the end of the 2013–14 season.
Performances
World Cup
Podiums
Positions
References
External links
Profile on biathlon.com.ua
Profile and Statistics
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sumy‎
Ukrainian male biathletes
Biathletes at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic biathletes of Ukraine
Biathlon World Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in biathlon
Universiade gold medalists for Ukraine
Competitors at the 2003 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2005 Winter Universiade
Circa is an album by the American composer and pianist Michael Cain, with trumpeter Ralph Alessi and saxophonist Peter Epstein, recorded in 1996 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow stated: "Ranging from what sounds like chamber music (it is often difficult to determine when the musicians are improvising) to stretched-out long tones and heated sections, this episodic and continually intriguing music is never predictable and rewards repeated listenings".
Track listing
All compositions are by Michael Cain, except where indicated.
"Siegfried and Roy" - 1:26
"Social Drones" (Ralph Alessi) - 2:46
"Ped Cruc" - 3:27
"Miss M." (Alessi) - 6:22
"Circa" - 4:20
"Egg" - 6:08
"Top O' the Dunes" - 7:19
"And Their White Tigers" - 4:32
"Red Rock Rain" - 4:55
"The Suchness of Dory Philpott" (Alessi, Cain) - 4:09
"Marche" (Alessi) - 8:20
Personnel
Michael Cain - piano
Ralph Alessi - trumpet, flugelhorn
Peter Epstein - soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone
References
1997 albums
ECM Records albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Permeability, permeable, and semipermeable may refer to:
Chemistry
Semipermeable membrane, a membrane which will allow certain molecules or ions to pass through it by diffusion
Vascular permeability, the movement of fluids and molecules between the vascular and extravascular compartments
Permeation of a gas or vapor through a solid substance
Earth and soil science
Permeability (earth sciences), a measure of the ability of a material (such as rocks) to transmit fluids
Relative permeability, in multiphase flow in porous media
Permeability (foundry sand), a test of the venting characteristics of a rammed foundry sand
Hydraulic conductivity, the permeability of soil for water
Electromagnetism
Permeability (electromagnetism), the degree of magnetization of a material in response to a magnetic field
Vacuum permeability, permeability of free space or magnetic constant, a physical constant, the value of magnetic permeability in a classical vacuum
Vehicles and transport
Permeability (nautical), in ship design, the percentage of empty space in a compartment or tank
Permeability (spatial and transport planning), the extent to which the layout of urban forms enables people or vehicles to move in different directions
Other uses
Air permeability, characteristic of textile fabrics, measuring the ease of passage of air through them
"Impermeable" (song), a song by Ha*Ash
Permeable Press, an American publishing company
P. weirii may refer to:
Phellinus weirii, a fungal plant pathogen
Poria weirii, a fungal plant pathogen
The 2018 Liga 3 Bengkulu is a qualifying round for the national round of 2018 Liga 3. PS Benteng Central Bengkulu, the winner of the 2017 Liga 3 Bengkulu are the defending champions. The competition will begin on June 30, 2018.
Format
In this competition, all teams will face each other in home and away match. The winner will represent Bengkulu in national round of 2018 Liga 3.
Teams
There are initially 11 clubs which will participate the league in this season.
Table
This stage scheduled starts on 29 April 2018.
References
Bengkulu
Liga 3 (Indonesia)
2018 in Indonesian football
Seasons in Asian third tier association football leagues
Bucakşeyhler is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Wayne Blair may refer to:
Wayne Blair (cricketer) (1948–2019), New Zealand cricketer
Wayne Blair (director) (born 1971), Australian writer, actor and director
Sevinç, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Black River is a 1993 Australian film directed and produced by Kevin Lucas and starring Aboriginal mezzo-soprano Maroochy Barambah. It is a film adaptation of an opera that tells the story of an Aboriginal death in custody and its consequences. It was nominated for the 1993 Australian Film Institute Award for Award Best Screenplay and won the 1994 Montréal International Festival of Films on Art Jury Prize for Adapted Screenplay of the Year.
External links
Black River at the National Film and Sound Archive
1993 films
Australian action films
1993 action films
1990s English-language films
1990s Australian films
Major General Henry Newport Charles Heath (15 October 1860 – 29 July 1915) was a British Army general during the First World War, who commanded the 48th (South Midland) Division from 1914 to 1915.
Early career
Heath was born into a military family, the second surviving son of Major-General Alfred Heath, Royal Artillery. They attended Clifton College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, before joining the 1st Battalion, South Staffordshire Regiment as a lieutenant on 22 October 1881. They served in the 1882 Anglo-Egyptian War and the 1884-85 Nile Expedition, where they were mentioned in dispatches for their role at the Battle of Kirbekan.
They transferred into the 1st Battalion, King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry in 1889, was promoted to captain on 6 February 1889 with a brevet rank of major the following day. They later attended the Staff College, and on leaving took up a posting as a staff officer in the intelligence department at Army Headquarters in 1898 with the substantive rank of major from 27 August 1898. They remained on the staff during the first part of the Second Boer War, as they were in November 1899 appointed assistant adjutant-general and the chief staff officer for the lines of communication in South Africa. Mentioned in despatches, they received the brevet rank of lieutenant-colonel on 29 November 1900. In October 1901 they returned to their regiment to command the 2nd Battalion, stationed in South Africa. Following the end of the Second Boer war in June 1902, they returned to the United Kingdom on board the SS Ortona, which arrived in Southampton in September that year. On arrival they transferred to the command of the 1st Battalion stationed at Aldershot Garrison, with the substantive rank of lieutenant-colonel from 7 September 1902.
Senior command
Heath returned to the staff in 1904, promoted to colonel and made the assistant adjutant-general of the Second Corps, then posted to Army headquarters in 1906 and made GSO.1 in 1908. From 1910 to 1914 they commanded the regular 11th Infantry Brigade, at Colchester.
At the outbreak of the First World War, Heath had recently relinquished command of 11th Brigade to Aylmer Hunter-Weston. They were later given command of a newly mobilised Territorial division, the South Midland Division, and commanded it when it first went to France; however, in mid-June, they relinquished command after falling ill. They died shortly thereafter, on 29 July, aged 54 and was buried in Brookwood Cemetery in Woking.
Notes
References
"HEATH, Maj.-Gen. Henry Newport Charles", in
1860 births
1915 deaths
Companions of the Order of the Bath
South Staffordshire Regiment officers
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry officers
British Army personnel of the Anglo-Egyptian War
British Army personnel of the Mahdist War
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
British Army generals of World War I
Graduates of the Staff College, Camberley
Burials at Brookwood Cemetery
British Army major generals
British military personnel killed in World War I
Nanhua Dam (), originally named Houjie Dam (), is a dam across the Houku River, a tributary of the Zengwen River in southern Taiwan. Located at Nanhua District, Tainan, the dam was built to provide municipal water to Tainan and Kaohsiung City and is operated by the Taiwan Water Corporation. Construction work started in December 1988, and impoundment of the reservoir began in July 1993. A conduit to supply water from the reservoir to Kaohsiung was completed in October 1993 and the entire project was operational in March 1994.
The curved earthfill dam is high and long, impounding a reservoir with a capacity of and an active or useful capacity of . The reservoir naturally receives water from a catchment of , which is not enough to fill it alone. Most of the water is actually diverted through a tunnel from the Qishan River to the east, adding to the drainage area. The tunnel provides an average of 160.6 million m3 (130,200 acre feet) of water to the reservoir each year.
Because of its location in a mountainous region, Nanhua is prone to heavy sediment accumulation. A small upstream diversion weir was built to send water laden with silt through a bypass tunnel and allow the remaining clear water to enter the reservoir. However, large amounts of silt are still carried into the reservoir during flooding events. In 2009 alone, flooding caused by Typhoon Morakot dumped 17 million m3 (14,000 acre feet) of silt into the reservoir. In February 2010, the Taiwan Water Corporation began the first stage of a two-year sediment removal project at Nanhua.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Taiwan
Zengwun Dam
References
1994 establishments in Taiwan
Dams completed in 1994
Dams in Tainan
Earth-filled dams
Here are listed people who were born and/or reside (or resided) in San Pedro, Los Angeles.
Aviation
Larry Walters (1949–1993): piloted a lawn chair with 45 helium-filled weather balloons from their San Pedro residence.
Art
Acting
Kirk Harris: actor and filmmaker, starred in The Kid: Chamaco; resides in the South Shores area of San Pedro
Anthony Head: British actor, best known for roles in Joss Whedon's television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and on BBC television production of Merlin; owns a home in San Pedro
D. L. Hughley: comedian and actor; attended San Pedro High School
Sasha Knezev: Serbian American filmmaker; American Addict, American Addict 2, Fragments of Daniela and Welcome to San Pedro
Mike Lookinland: actor who played youngest brother "Bobby Brady" on The Brady Bunch, 1969–1974; lived in San Pedro while a child actor; attended Chadwick School on Palos Verdes Peninsula, just outside Northwest San Pedro
Dewey Martin: actor, known for roles in Howard Hawks' 1950s films; as of 2007, lived in San Pedro
Patrick Muldoon: actor, starred in recurring roles in soap operas, Days of Our Lives and Melrose Place; most well-known feature film is 1997's Starship Troopers; father was a lifeguard at Cabrillo beach in San Pedro
Music
Ambrosia: rock band with numerous top 40 hits, such as "Biggest Part of Me" and "How Much I Feel"; formed in the South Bay/San Pedro area
John Bettis: lyricist for Michael Jackson, Madonna, The Carpenters, and Whitney Houston; nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, three Grammys, and three Emmys; graduated from San Pedro High School
Blu: Los Angeles-based rapper and record producer who relocated with their family to San Pedro
Chuck Dukowski: bass player for 1970s punk rock band Black Flag
Pearlretta DuPuy: zither player, musician and civic activist
Eric Erlandson: co-founder and lead guitarist of 1990s grunge rock band Hole; born and raised in San Pedro
Eva Gustavson: opera singer
Jim Korthe: vocalist for rap-metal group 3rd Strike; grew up in San Pedro and attended the Bishop Montgomery school as a teenager; died in their San Pedro home in 2010
Stephen Kovacevich: classical pianist and conductor
Miguel (born Miguel Jontel Pimentel): singer; native of San Pedro
The Minutemen: eclectic punk rock trio formed in San Pedro, where its members grew up; the surviving former members, bassist/songwriter, Mike Watt, and drummer, George Hurley, still live there; Watt remains active in the city's music scene
Krist Novoselic: grew up in San Pedro after their Croatian father emigrated to the Croatian enclave in the southern Californian city; Nirvana bassist
People Under The Stairs: hip hop group
Art Pepper: jazz saxophonist; born in nearby Gardena, California, raised in San Pedro
Remble, prominent rapper for their 2021 well liked single "Touchable", born in San Pedro.
Michael Quercio: Singer, songwriter, bassist in The Salvation Army, The Three O'Clock, Game Theory, Permanent Green Light, and Jupiter Affect. Born in Carson, California and has lived in San Pedro since 1998.
Brenton Wood: 1960s pop-soul vocalist; achieved their biggest hit with "Gimme Little Sign", a song that reached #9 on the 1967 pop charts, and "The Oogum Boogum Song", released in the same year
Rotting Out: Hardcore punk band formed in San Pedro
Politics
John S. Gibson Jr.: Los Angeles City Council representative; founded the first Boys' Club of California in 1937; lived in San Pedro until their death in 1981
James Hahn: former Mayor of Los Angeles; a resident of the city as of 2011
Janice Hahn: former City Councilwoman (15th district), U.S. Congresswoman for the 36th District, and current Los Angeles County Supervisor representing the Fourth District; resides in the area as of 2011; their San Pedro Field Office is located at 302 W 5th St, #200
A.E. Henning: Rotarian Special Representative for Torrance; Los Angeles City Council member (1929–1931)
Joe Hill: radical songwriter, labor activist, and member of Industrial Workers of the World (The Wobblies); lived and worked in San Pedro in the early 20th century; began their labor organizing activism in the area; secretary of San Pedro Wobblies chapter; imprisoned 30 days after role in organization of 1912 dockworkers' strike in which 200 Italian workers abandoned their posts
Yuri Kochiyama: human rights activist (in Harlem, New York and Oakland, California); Nobel Peace Prize nominee; worked with Black Power organizations; a leader of Asian American and redress movements in New York City
Mike Lansing: served two terms on Los Angeles Unified School District; executive director of Boys & Girls Clubs of Los Angeles Harbor as of 2011; born and raised in San Pedro
Jerry Sanders: former Mayor of Los Angeles
Vincent Thomas: elected as a California Assemblyman representing 68th District, 1940–1978; served 19 consecutive terms; Vincent Thomas Bridge was named in their honor in 196; Croatian immigrant who moved with their family to San Pedro at age 10
Science
Sarah P. Monks (1841–1926): local naturalist, teacher, writer
John Olguin: Director of the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium, 1949–1987; founding member of the American Cetacean Society; referred to as the "father of recreational whale watching"
Sports
J. C. Agajanian (1913-1984): auto racing promoter and owner; member of Motorsports Hall of Fame of America; born in San Pedro
Joe Amalfitano: baseball player, coach and manager; played for New York Giants (1954–1960), San Francisco Giants (1960–1962 and 1963), Houston Colt .45s (1962), Chicago Cubs (1964–1967), manager of Cubs (1979–81); born in San Pedro
Alan Ashby: catcher for Houston Astros, Toronto Blue Jays, and Cleveland Indians between 1973 and 1989; sportscaster; born in Long Beach, attended high school in San Pedro
Denise Austin: fitness instructor and author; creator of more than 80 workout videos/DVDs; high sales totals led to 2003 induction in Video Hall of Fame
James Cotton Jr.: basketball player; 6-foot-5 forward; shooting guard for Chicago Bulls (1999) following terms with Seattle SuperSonics (1997–1999) and Denver Nuggets (1997); raised in San Pedro; attended high school in Lakewood
Joe Danelo: football placekicker; played for Washington State Cougars and New York Giants; raised three sons in San Pedro where they worked as a supervisor on city's docks
Mario Danelo: record-setting placekicker for 2006 NCAA national champion USC Trojans; fell to their death at cliffs near Point Fermin lighthouse in early 2007
Ralph DeQuebec: 2018 Paralympian Sled Hockey Gold Medalist.
Kevin Elster: 1986 World Series Champion Baseball player with the New York Mets
Lillian Faralla: baseball player, All-American Girls Professional Baseball League
Gary Gabelich (1940–1984): in Guinness Book of World Records for land-speed world record of at Bonneville Salt Flats, Utah, in 1970; the record remained unbeaten until 1983; born in San Pedro
Bob Gross: basketball player, forward for Portland Trail Blazers, 1977 NBA champions
Brian Harper: baseball player, catcher for 1991 World Series champion Minnesota Twins; born in Los Angeles, attended high school in San Pedro
Aaron Hicks: baseball player, outfielder for New York Yankees; born in San Pedro
Dennis Johnson: basketball player for Boston Celtics in the 1970s and 1980s, inducted into Hall of Fame in 2010; born in Compton, was discovered playing in local leagues in San Pedro
Richard Johnson: football player; 1984 USFL Receiver of the Year for Houston Gamblers; attended San Pedro High School
Ed Jurak: baseball player, infielder for Boston Red Sox during the 1970s and 1980s; attended San Pedro High School
Garry Maddox: baseball player, eight-time Gold Glove winner and starting center fielder for 1980 World Series champion Philadelphia Phillies
Haven Moses: football player, wide receiver for Denver Broncos in 1970; remained with Broncos until their retirement in 1981, appeared in two Super Bowls; attended Fermin de Lasuen Catholic High in San Pedro
Willie Naulls (1934-2018): basketball player for UCLA; power forward/center for New York Knicks and Boston Celtics; four-time National Basketball Association (NBA) All-Star, won three NBA Championships with Celtics in the 1960s; first African-American captain in history of integrated professional sports; at age 9, their family relocated to a government housing project in San Pedro
Robb Nen: baseball player, relief pitcher for Texas Rangers, Florida Marlins, and San Francisco Giants; three-time All-Star and 1997 World Series champion; born in San Pedro
Angela Nikodinov: figure skater; finished third at 2001 U.S. championships and fifth at world championships; hometown is San Pedro
Brian Ortega: UFC professional fighter
Petros Papadakis: sports broadcaster, started show Petros & Money on AM 570/Fox Sports station in 2007; college football commentator on Fox Sports Net and hosted Spike TV's Pros vs. Joes; born in San Pedro
Norm Schachter: football official for National Football League (NFL) who refereed first Super Bowl; died in San Pedro
Tim Wrightman: football player for UCLA; starting tight end (TE) for Super Bowl XX champion Chicago Bears; known as San Pedro's "Golden Boy"
Writers and poets
Louis Adamic (1899–1951): Slovenian-American novelist who frequently wrote about Los Angeles; settled in San Pedro after serving in World War I and worked as watchman in office of harbor pilot during the 1920s
Richard Armour: poet and author who wrote more than 60 books; born in San Pedro
Charles Bukowski: author and poet who lived in San Pedro during their later years; interviewed in their San Pedro home for 2004 documentary Bukowski: Born Into This
Richard Henry Dana, Jr.: author of memoir Two Years Before the Mast; not a resident, but visitor to San Pedro who wrote about the experience; San Pedro's first middle school is named after them
Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston: author of popular memoir Farewell to Manzanar on internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II; briefly lived in East San Pedro (Terminal Island)
Louis L'Amour: Western fiction writer, chronicled some of their San Pedro beach experiences in 1980 book Yondering
Scott O'Dell (1898–1989): author of young adult literature, lived in East San Pedro (Terminal Island) during their childhood
John Shannon: author of "Jack Liffey" series of noir thrillers; grew up in San Pedro
Film and television
Tony Scott: producer, director, actor, cinematographer, writer, and editor; committed suicide by jumping off Vincent Thomas Bridge in the San Pedro port district
Robert Towne: four-time Academy Award-winning writer, director, producer, and actor; body of work includes screenplays for Chinatown (1974), Mission: Impossible (1996), Mission: Impossible 2 (2000), The Last Detail (1973), Shampoo (1975), The Firm (1993), and Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes (1984); raised in San Pedro, where they worked as a tuna fisherman
Organized crime
Joe "Pegleg" Morgan: former head of a Mexican Mafia prison gang; in the 1960s, they were the link between the Mexican Mafia and the West Coast Italian crime syndicates; born in San Pedro to Croatian immigrants; moved to East Los Angeles as a teenager; basis for the character "JD" in the 1992 Edward James Olmos movie American Me
References
San Pedro
Spirulina magnifica is a cyanobacterium from the genus Spirulina which occur in freshwater.
References
Further reading
Spirulinales
Bacteria described in 2001
December Sleep is an EP by Seirom, independently released on December 25, 2013.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the December Sleep liner notes.
Maurice de Jong (as Mories) – vocals, instruments, recording, cover art
Release history
References
External links
December Sleep at Bandcamp
2013 EPs
Seirom albums
Gornja Zenica (Cyrillic: Горња Зеница) is a village in the City of Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 1,893.
References
Populated places in Zenica
Archbishop Abel, (secular birth name Andrzej Popławski; born 8 April 1958, in Narew) is the Archbishop of Lublin and Chełm.
Biography
Youth
They were born in Narew to an Orthodox family. According to their own memories, their mother, Zofia, and grandmother, Olga, had a significant influence on their future attitude in life. Even before starting school, the future clergyman was entitled to a service at the parish church in Narew.
After finishing primary school, they entered the Orthodox Theological Seminary in Warsaw. After completing their first year of education, they went to the monastery of St. Onuphrius in Jabłeczna, declaring the intention to join the community as an obedient. While continuing their studies in the seminary, they regularly went to Jabłeczna to learn about monastic life. They were also active in the parish of St. Mary Magdalene. After the fourth year of studies at the seminary, they passed their secondary school-leaving examination.
After graduating from the lower classes of the seminary, at the urging of the metropolitan of Warsaw and all of Poland, Bazyli, they accepted the position of psalmist in the parish in Łosinka. In 1977, at their own request, they were dismissed from this function and began studying at the Higher Orthodox Theological Seminary in Jabłeczna.
Priest
In 1980 they graduated from the Orthodox Theological Seminary in Jabłeczna.  They are also a graduate of the Christian Theological Academy. In 1977, they made their perpetual vows in the monastery of St. Onuphrius in Jabłeczna. On February 15, 1979, they were ordained deacon by the Metropolitan of Warsaw and the whole of Poland, Bazyli, and then ordained a priest by the Bishop of Lublin, Szymon.
In the years 1981–1983 they were the parish priest of the Orthodox parish in Komańcza, they also served in Polany and Zyndranowa, where on their initiative a new church was built. In the years 1983–1984 they co-organized the parish in Przemyśl. From 1984 they were the parish priest in Munich, serving also churches in Stuttgart, Ingolstadt, Augsburg, Regensburg, Landshut and Ludwigsburg.
In 1987, they became the superior of the monastery in Jabłeczna, on 7 January 1989, they were awarded the title of archimandrite. As the monastery superior, they continued the renovation of its buildings, begun by their predecessors, the archimandrites Sawa (Hrycuniak) and Nikon (Potapczuk).
Ordinary of the Lublin-Chełm diocese
On 25 March 1989, they accepted the episcopal chirotonia and became the ordinary of the newly created Lublin-Chełm diocese. On February 15, 1999, in the cathedral of St. Nicholas in Białystok, they were awarded the Order of the Holy Equal to the Apostles of Mary Magdalene of the 1st degree. In 2001 they were awarded the title of Archbishop.
As the bishop of the Lublin-Chełm diocese, they doubled the number of active Orthodox churches on its territory and led to the establishment of two new monasteries: a female monastery in Turkowice and a male monastery in Kostomłoty.
They represented the Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church during official visits and foreign conferences: at the VIII International Russian Council (2004), at the canonization ceremony of Metropolitan Piotr (Mohyla) (2002) and at the enthronement of the Serbian Patriarch Irenej (2010).
 They are an advocate of ecumenical dialogue. In 2000, together with the Catholic Archbishop of Lublin, Józef Życiński, they published a message to reunite everything in Christ.  They are a co-chairperson of the Catholic-Orthodox Bilateral Team.
In 2016, they became a member of the delegation of the Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church to the Holy and Great Orthodox Church.
Honours and awards
Honours
National honours
:
Silver Cross of Merit
Silver Gloria Artis Medal
References
1958 births
Living people
People from Hajnówka County
Bishops of the Polish Orthodox Church
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Poland
Elmalı, Antalya is a district in Antalya province in Turkey.
It was settled by Turks, and came under Ottoman rule during the rein of Bayezid I.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
tr:Elmalı, Antalya
An Important Bird and Biodiversity Area (IBA) is an area identified using an internationally agreed set of criteria as being globally important for the conservation of bird populations.
IBA was developed and sites are identified by BirdLife International. There are over 13,000 IBAs worldwide. These sites are small enough to be entirely conserved and differ in their character, habitat or ornithological importance from the surrounding habitat. In the United States the Program is administered by the National Audubon Society.
Often IBAs form part of a country's existing protected area network, and so are protected under national legislation. Legal recognition and protection of IBAs that are not within existing protected areas varies within different countries. Some countries have a National IBA Conservation Strategy, whereas in others protection is completely lacking.
History
In 1985, following a specific request from the European Economic Community, Birdlife International drew up a list of sites to be protected as a matter of priority.
In 1989, a repertoire of IBAs of Europe was released.
At first the official name of this type of site was Important Bird Area, hence the acronym IBA, then at the BirdLife World Congress held in Canada in 2014 it was decided to adopt the name Important Bird and Biodiversity Area, without changing the acronym.
Criteria
IBAs are determined by an internationally agreed set of criteria. Specific IBA thresholds are set by regional and national governing organizations. To be listed as an IBA, a site must satisfy at least one of the following rating criteria:
A1. Globally threatened species
The site qualifies if it is known, estimated or thought to hold a population of a species categorized by the IUCN Red List as Critically Endangered, Endangered or Vulnerable. In general, the regular presence of a Critical or Endangered species, irrespective of population size, at a site may be sufficient for a site to qualify as an IBA. For Vulnerable species, the presence of more than threshold numbers at a site is necessary to trigger selection.
A2. Restricted-range species
The site forms one of a set selected to ensure that all restricted-range species of an Endemic Bird Area (EBA) or a Secondary Area (SA) are present in significant numbers in at least one site and preferably more.
A3. Biome-restricted species
The site forms one of a set selected to ensure adequate representation of all species restricted to a given biome, both across the biome as a whole and for all of its species in each range state.
A4. Congregations
i. This applies to 'waterbird' species as defined by Delaney and Scott and is modelled on criterion 6 of the Ramsar Convention for identifying wetlands of international importance. Depending upon how species are distributed, the 1% thresholds for the biogeographic populations may be taken directly from Delaney & Scott, they may be generated by combining flyway populations within a biogeographic region or, for those for which no quantitative thresholds are given, they are determined regionally or inter-regionally, as appropriate, using the best available information.
ii. This includes those seabird species not covered by Delaney and Scott (2002). Quantitative data are taken from a variety of published and unpublished sources.
iii. This is modeled on criterion 5 of the Ramsar Convention for identifying wetlands of international importance. The use of this criterion is discouraged where quantitative data are good enough to permit the application of A4i and A4ii.
iv. The site is known or thought to exceed thresholds set for migratory species at bottleneck sites.
The assessment by expert individuals is however not entirely reliable and a study in South America found that the coverage needed for at-risk bird conservation as chosen by computational algorithms rarely overlapped with IBAs and suggested that such methods should be used to complement expert driven IBA site choices.
See also
Biodiversity
Biodiversity hotspot
Important Plant Areas
Key Biodiversity Areas
Protected areas
References
Bird conservation
BirdLife International
Meghraj Tawar (died on Aug 27, 2017) is an Indian politician.  They are a leader of the Communist Party of India. They represented Gogunda constituency in Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 1980 to 1985.  They are a prominent profile of the party amongst the local Adivasi community.
They pass away on 27 August 2017 in Rabindranath Tagore Medical College Hospital in Udaipur in age of 76.
Adivasi struggles
Tawar hails from the Bhil community. A prominent Adivasi cadre of the Communist Party, Tawar was detained under the Maintenance of Internal Security Act in the 1970s for having led a campaign against usurers. According to G.S. Rao, "[Tawar] not only organised a terror against the Mahajans and Government officials in Gogunda, but maintained a tribal government in the region for many days. This government could be removed only through police force." As of 2011 they served as a national office bearer of the India Adivasi Mahasabha.
Legislator
They contested the Gogunda seat in the 1977 Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election, finishing in second place with 8,743 votes (40.62%). They were defeated by Bhura Lal from the Janata Party. Tawar won the Gongunda seat in the 1980 Rajasthan Legislative Assembly election, obtaining 9,530 votes (33.74%).
Candidate
Tawar has contested every election to the Lok Sabha (lower house of the Parliament of India) between 1984 and 2014. They contested the Salumber seat in the general elections of 1984 (37,260 votes, 10.56%), 1989 (21,837 votes, 4.88%), 1991 (16,203 votes, 3.86%), 1996 (24,450 votes, 5.70%), 1998 (42,202 votes, 7.04%), 1999 (22,417 votes, 3.99%) and 2004 (32,233 votes, 5.12%). They finished in third place in all of these elections.
They contested the 1985 Legislative Assembly election from the Phalasia seat, finishing in second place with 4,301 votes (14.55%). Tawar stood as a candidate for the Sarada seat in the 1990 Legislative Assembly election, finishing in third place with 3,915 votes (6.87%). They contested the Sarada seat in the 1993 Legislative Assembly election, finishing in third place with 8,109 votes (12.20%).
In 1998 Tawar contested the Legislative Assembly election from the Gongunda seat, finishing in third place with 2,952 votes (4.17%). Tawar contested the Gongunda seat in the November 2003 Legislative Assembly polls; finishing third with 5,923 votes (6.42%)
After new delimitation of Lok Sabha constituencies, the Communist Party fielded Tawar as its candidate in the Udaipur seat in the 2009 general election. They finished in third place with 27,324 votes (3.60%). They again contested the Gongunda seat in the 2013 Legislative Assembly election, finishing in third place with 6,416 votes.
The Communist Party fielded the 75-year-old Tawar as its candidate in the Udaipur constituency in the 2014 general election. Tawar was the first candidate to file their nomination papers in Udaipur.
References
Living people
Communist Party of India politicians from Rajasthan
Communist Party of India candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
Rajasthan MLAs 1977–1980
Adivasi politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chinese people in Finland form one of the largest immigrant groups in Finland. As of 2018 there were 12,407 speakers of Chinese in Finland. About 60% of them reside in the Capital Region (Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen). As of 2018 there were 9,230 Chinese citizens living in Finland. From 1990 to 2017, a total number of 2,460 Chinese citizens had been granted Finnish citizenship.
Notable Finnish people of Chinese descent
See also
China–Finland relations
References
Ethnic groups in Finland
Finland
Charles Rowe may refer to:
Charles Rowe (cricketer) (born 1951), Hong Kong cricketer
Charles Rowe (footballer) (1882–1959), Australian rules footballer
Charles Henry Rowe (1893–1943), Irish mathematician
Nayo Kamilah Wallace is an American actor.  They are best known for their roles on Speed Racer as Minx, scientist and girlfriend to Racer X and on the Hub Network's Care Bears: Welcome to Care-a-Lot as the voice of Harmony Bear from its premiere on June 2, 2012 until December 8, 2012. They also portrayed the character of Sarabi in The Lion King on Broadway.
Personal life
Nayo Kamilah Wallace was born in Detroit, Michigan.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from Detroit
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
American film actores
American television actores
American stage actores
American video game actores
American voice actores
African-American actores
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
1970 births
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
The NAL / ADE Pushpak is an unmanned Micro Air Vehicle (MAV) technology demonstrator developed jointly by Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE) of DRDO and National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) of CSIRI. It is one of the airframe designs being pursued for "National Program on Micro Air Vehicles" (NP-MICAV)
Pushpak is a fixed-wing aerial vehicle having platform shape of Dihedral Delta. Its airframe is made of GF/Kevlar. It has Pusher configuration and its propeller is behind the motor. It features Cleaner Aerodynamics, Nose-mounted payload, high endurance and low wing loading.
The Pushpak is powered by electric motor and has a flight endurance of half hour. It is equipped with a small camera which can record the activities on ground zero. It has an operational range of 2 km and can take video from an altitude of 100 m. It is remotely radio-controlled and an autopilot has also been provided. The prototypes are currently under flight trials as of 2012. It includes high tech GPS positioning systems which can track its trajectory and destination with the shortest path and most secure trajectories.
See also
NAL / ADE Black Kite
NAL / ADE Golden Hawk
External links
SP's Aviation - DRDO tests mini-drones
AeroMAV 2008
Unmanned aerial vehicles of India
Micro air vehicles
John Rowe Moyle (22 February 1808, Wendron, Cornwall, England – 15 January 1889, Alpine, Utah Territory) was a Mormon pioneer and a settler of Alpine, Utah. They were a master stonemason for the Salt Lake Temple, and was the carver of the inscription "Holiness to the Lord" on the temple's east side.
Biography
Moyle was born in Cornwall, England, to James and Elizabeth Rowe Moyle. In their youth they worked in the tin mines of Cornwall, and later became a stonemason, learning the trade from their father. They and their family converted to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in 1851. Moyle travelled to Utah Territory with the first handcart company in 1856, settling in Alpine two years later.
Both a farmer and a stonemason, Moyle traveled to Salt Lake City frequently to serve on the temple construction. Moyle installed the Temple's circular staircase and carved the inscription "Holiness to the Lord" on the east side of the Temple. In 1863, Moyle built a chapel in Alpine. They also built an Indian fort to protect their family during the invasion of Salt Lake City by federal troops.
Moyle suffered a compound fracture of the leg when they were kicked by a cow, necessitating the leg's amputation by their family and friends. Moyle subsequently carved a wooden leg for themselves and learned how to use it. After the accident, they would again walk to Salt Lake City and work on the temple.
Moyle was married to Phillippa Beer, who was born in Devonshire, England, and (polygamously) to Mary Ann Williams. Moyle's son, James Moyle, became supervisor of the builders and stone-cutters on the Temple Block in 1875 and general superintendent of the temple in 1886. Moyle was the grandfather of James Henry Moyle, a prominent Utah politician, and the great-grandfather of Henry D. Moyle, an apostle of the LDS Church.
Legacy
Torleif S. Knaphus used Moyle's likeness (along with several others) as the inspiration for the father's face on the Handcart Pioneer Monument on Temple Square. Moyle is the subject of the 2008 short film Only a Stonecutter, directed by T. C. Christensen and starring Bruce Newbold.
References
External links
Family website at JohnRoweMoyle.org
1808 births
1889 deaths
American amputees
Farmers from Utah
American stonemasons
People from Wendron
Farmers from Cornwall
Mormon pioneers
People from Alpine, Utah
American people of Cornish descent
British emigrants to the United States
American Latter Day Saints
British Latter Day Saints
Church of Our Lady of Kazan (Tallinn) () is a Russian Orthodox church in Tallinn, Estonia. The church building is the oldest wooden structure in Tallinn.
The church was built in 1721. At the moment of erecting, this church was the first church in Estonia completed after Great Northern War.
In the 19th century, big reconstruction works took place. After the works, the church has a neoclassical facade and interior.
Next to the church is located Church of Our Lady of Kazan's poplar (). This poplar is the oldest and thickest poplar in Estonia.
References
Churches in Tallinn
Churches completed in 1721
18th-century Eastern Orthodox church buildings
Church buildings with domes
Eastern Orthodox churches in Estonia
Tim Hopper is an American actor known for their appearances in movies like Tenderness and To Die For.
They have been an ensemble member of the Steppenwolf Theater Company in Chicago, Illinois since 1989 and acted in various stage productions, including Arthur Miller's The Crucible.
They were nominated for the 2003 Joseph Jefferson Award in the category "Actor in a Supporting Role in a Play" for "The Violet Hour" and received an Obie Award for their performance in "More Stately Mansions" at the New York Theatre Workshop.
In 2012, Hopper appeared as Henry in the off-Broadway production of Him with Primary Stages.
Filmography
Film
Television
Videogames
References
External links
American male television actors
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Steppenwolf Theatre Company players
Air Show No. 1 is an album recorded for the Italian Black Saint label by the improvisational collective New Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Fred Hopkins and Pheeroan akLaff with Cassandra Wilson providing vocals on three selections.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars, stating, "[Wilson] does an expert job of fitting into this complex music, giving a strong blues feeling to some altoist Henry Threadgill's originals".
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill
"Achtud El Buod (Children's Song)" – 6:28
"Don't Drink That Corner My Life is in the Bush" (lyrics by Cassandra Wilson) – 9:13
"Air Show" – 5:20
"Apricots on Their Wings" – 6:03
"Salute to the Enema Bandit" – 7:20
"Side Step" – 7:06
Recorded at Barigozzi Studio, Milano, Italy on June 2 & 3, 1986
Personnel
Henry Threadgill – alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, flute, eastern banjo
Fred Hopkins – bass
Pheeroan akLaff – percussion
Cassandra Wilson – vocals
References
1987 albums
Air (free jazz trio) albums
Cassandra Wilson albums
Black Saint/Soul Note albums
Ronald William Hooker (22 February 1935 – 22 February 2019) was an English cricketer. Hooker was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. A successful all-rounder, Hooker played for the first-class county Middlesex and later for the minor county Buckinghamshire, in a career which spanned from 1956 to 1975. They were born in Lower Clapton, London.
Middlesex
The years between 1959 and 1963, together with 1966, were their most productive seasons with the bat. In 1959 they scored 1,449 runs in first-class matches at an average of 30.18. That year, in 52 innings they reached 50 on 13 occasions, though they only went on to a century once. They only exceeded 1,000 runs in one other season, 1963, with 1,083. The previous season they had recorded their highest average, 34.78, but narrowly failed to reach a thousand runs.
Their most productive period as a bowler was from 1961 to 1966, when they took over 40 wickets every season. During this period, only twice did their average fall outside the narrow range 23.88 to 26.81: in 1966 they averaged 21.70 and in 1962 they had a relatively poor season and averaged 33.44. They took most wickets in 1965, with 90, and also had their best innings analysis of 7/18. Perhaps because they had to do much more bowling than usual that season, they had a very poor season with the bat.
They were an excellent close fielder, especially at short leg. Between 1959 and 1965, only in 1964 did they take fewer than 26 catches in a season. In 1961 they held 38 in 26 matches and in 1963, 37 in 30 matches. Arguably their catching was even better in the intervening season, when they held 34 in only 21 matches.
In the John Player League List A match against Surrey in 1969, their last season for Middlesex, they had the remarkable analysis of 8 overs, 4 maidens, 6 runs, 6 wickets. They took six of the first seven wickets to fall.
Buckinghamshire
Hooker left Middlesex at the end of the 1969 season. They joined Buckinghamshire the following season, making their debut in the Minor Counties Championship against Berkshire. Hooker played Minor counties cricket for Buckinghamshire from 1970 to 1975, which included 48 Minor Counties Championship matches. Theirs played their first List A match for Buckinghamshire in the 1970 Gillette Cup against Bedfordshire. They made 5 further List A appearance for the county, the last coming against Middlesex in the 1975 Gillette Cup. In List A cricket for Buckinghamshire, they scored 152 runs at an average of 38.00. They made their only List A half century against Hampshire, scoring 65. They took four wickets at an average of 46.25, with best figures of 2/30. Hooker retired from county cricket at the end of the 1975 season.
Personal life
Hooker died on 22 February 2019, their 84th birthday.
References
External links
Ronald Hooker at ESPNcricinfo
Ronald Hooker at CricketArchive
1935 births
2019 deaths
People from Lower Clapton
Sportspeople from London
English cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
Buckinghamshire cricketers
Vue is a software tool for world generation by e-on software with support for many visual effects, animations and various other features. The tool has been used in several feature-length movies.
Versions
Users
Blue Sky Studios
Digital Domain
DreamWorks Animation: Kung Fu Panda
Industrial Light & Magic: Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
Sony Pictures Imageworks
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Weta Digital
See also
Blender
Cinema 4D
3dsmax
Maya
Unity 3D
Unreal
Daz
Photoshop
Lightwave 3D
Modo
Substance
Bryce
References
External links
E-on Software
3D graphics software
Computer graphics
Johann Friedrich Gottlieb Unger (1753 in Berlin – December 26, 1804 in Berlin) was a German printer and publisher.
They were the fifth son of the printer Johann Georg Unger (October 26, 1715 in Goes bei Pirna – August 15, 1788 in Berlin) and their wife Susanna Katharine (maiden name: Strucken). They took on an apprenticeship at the print shop of the Oberhof printer Georg Jacob Decker. In 1779 Unger requested a print shop for themselves and in January 1780 they were granted one. Later, they expanded it to a publishing bookseller, in which they published works by Johann Wolfgang Goethe, Friedrich Schiller, Friedrich Schleiermacher as well as August and Friedrich Schlegel.
From 1784 onward they attempted repeatedly to gain approval to publish what would have been Berlin's first daily newspaper. Their attempts were rejected as the two existing newspapers in Berlin were found to be sufficient and another newspaper would overload the censors. In 1802 Unger nonetheless became co-owner of the Vossische Zeitung.
In 1793, they invented the "Unger-Fraktur", a type of Fraktur.
References
German printers
German publishers (people)
1753 births
1804 deaths
The Abernathy Farm is a historic farmhouse in Giles County, Tennessee. It was built in 1855 for Burwell Abernathy II and their wife, Samuella Dewees Tannehill. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 19, 2001.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Greek Revival houses in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1855
Houses in Giles County, Tennessee
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Four Toes is a 2002 South Korean action-comedy film. The story involves four friends who become gangsters. As the film progresses they gain power and eventually find their way to Seoul.
Cast
Heo Joon-ho - Audie
Lee Chang-hoon - Lecaf
Park Jun-gyu - Gak Granger
Lee Won-jong - Haetae
Kim Kap-soo - Bacchus
Ahn Suk-hwan
Ko Ku-ma
Jung Eun-pyo
References
See also
List of Korean-language films
Korean cinema
2002 films
2000s Korean-language films
2002 action comedy films
Yakuza films
2002 comedy films
South Korean action comedy films
2000s Japanese films
2000s South Korean films
Michael Granville (born February 14, 1978) is a retired American 800 metres runner.  They are known for being the National High School record holder in the race. Running for Bell Gardens High School they set the record of 1:46.45 in the trial round of the 1996 CIF California State Meet at Cerritos College in Norwalk, California. They went on to win the state meet the following day, but after setting the record they claim they just "dogged it." They had won the race two years earlier and was upset into second by Aaron Richburg, in a major surprise the year before.
Granville also held the indoor 800 metres record (broken by Josh Hoey in 2018) and set the class record at 800 metres at all four levels of high school; 1:51.03 as a first-year student, 1:48.98 as a sophomore and 1:47.96 as a junior.  They are reputed to have run the race around 1:56 in 8th grade. They also won the prestigious Arcadia Invitational multiple times.
Granville was trained by their father, on grass at nearby Bell Gardens Middle School, separate from the rest of their team. Their father felt training on grass "makes you work harder."
The 1:46.45 qualified Granville to run in the United States Olympic Trials, skipping their high school graduation, a few weeks later where they advanced to the quarter finals behind the previous High School record holder George Kersh.
After high school, Granville went to UCLA where their times did not improve. They did, however, win two national championships as a member of the school's 1999 4x400 metres relay and distance medley relay teams. They retired from track in 2004.
Granville now serves as the head coach of the Palo Alto High School Track and Field team and Cross Country team in Palo Alto, California.  They are also the owner of the G:Fit Bootcamp an outdoor training circuit that incorporates modalities like TRX, weights, battleropes, and jump ropes into a comprehensive training routine.
References
External links
UCLA Bruins bio
1978 births
Living people
American male middle-distance runners
UCLA Bruins men's track and field athletes
Track and field athletes from California
People from Bell Gardens, California
At the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, seven swimming events were contested. Only men competed in the swimming competition. There was a total of 76 participants from 12 countries competing. The games are referenced in Yann Martel's 2001 novel Life of Pi. As with the rowing events, swimming took place on the Seine between the Courbevoie Bridge and the Asnières Bridge.
Medal table
Medal summary
Participating nations
A total of 76 swimmers from 12 nations competed at the Paris Games:
Notes
References
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
1900 in swimming
The Golden Goblet Award for Best Live Action Short Film (Chinese: 金爵奖最佳真人短片) is the highest prize awarded to short films in the live action category of short film competition at the Shanghai International Film Festival since 2017.
Award Winners
References
Lists of films by award
Shanghai International Film Festival
The Jarrett-Hayes House, also known as Liberty Lodge, in Stephens County, Georgia near Toccoa, is an I-house built around 1848. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
It is a two-story plantation house built by slave labor, including for the making, on the property, of bricks used in its construction.
It is located on the northeastern side of County Route 3, about 2 miles east of its junction with Georgia State Route 184.
References
I-houses in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Stephens County, Georgia
Plantation houses in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses completed in 1848
Buddhism has developed a complex psychology of personality types (Pali: Puggala-paññatti), personality traits and underlying tendencies (anusaya). This was mostly developed in the Buddhist Abhidharma literature and its major concern was to identify differing types of persons for pedagogical and soteriological ends. The Buddha was said to have skillfully taught different teachings depending on each person's personality and level of mental development. The development of a Personality psychology was important to the Abhidharmikas who sought to adapt Buddhist teachings and practice to each personality type so as to better lead persons to nirvana by purifying their minds of their mental defilements.
Typologies
The Buddhist view of the person is encapsulated by the not-self teaching, which states that there is no unchanging core to a person, no soul (atman) or Ego. A person is defined as a stream of phenomenal events (termed dhammas) in a causal series of mind moments (samaya), and therefore an 'individual' or 'person' is merely a conventional designation for a collection of constantly changing processes (the five skandhas). However, in the analytical Abhidharma works, Buddhists outlined how different individuals could still be dominated by certain proclivities and tendencies, patterns of thought which arose consistently enough to allow one to designate different 'personality types'.
Theravada
A scheme of six traits or temperaments (caritas) can be seen in the Niddesa of the Khuddaka Nikaya, as well as in the Nettipakaraṇa. In the Visuddhimagga (Path of Purification), the scholar Buddhaghosa draws on this schema to present their meditation teachings. The major temperaments and recommended meditations are:
Greed (lobha), the recommended meditation is unattractiveness (asubha).
Aversion (dosa), the recommended meditation is loving-kindness (mettābhāvanā).
Delusion (moha), the recommended meditation is "questioning about expositions [of Dhamma] given in brief, timely hearing of the Dhamma and timely discussion of the Dhamma, and to reside with a teacher."
Faithful (saddha), the recommended meditation is the three jewels, as well as ethical precepts (sīlāni).
Wise (pañña), the recommended meditation is the "insight sign (vipassanā nimitta)", namely the aspects (ākāra) of anicca, dukkha and anattā.
Thinking/speculative (vitakka), the recommended meditation is mindfulness of breathing.
The Theravada Abhidhamma Pitaka contains a section entitled 'The Puggala-paññatti', which translates to "designation of person types" which contains an extensive outline of a wide array of personality traits. The Abhidhamma generally considered twelve major classes of persons, four of the worldly ordinary class (puthujjana) and eight of the spiritual elect (ariya, the noble ones). The Puggala-paññatti gives a very broad array of personal descriptors organized in 10 groups, so that the first group is 50 single descriptors, the second group is 26 pairs of descriptors, the third 17 triplets, and so on. Descriptors include "one competent in watchfulness", "one of perturbable nature", "the wrathful and the vengeful", "the jealous and the avaricious", a "member of the elect (arhat)" etc.
Mahayana
The Buddhist scholar Asanga outlined seven personality types in their Levels of Listeners:
One with a strong tendency for desire, the best initial meditation for them is unattractiveness
One with a strong tendency for hatred, the best meditation for them is good-will
One with a strong tendency for ignorance, the best meditation for them is dependent origination
One with a strong tendency for pride, the best meditation for them is 'diversity of the constituents'
One with a strong tendency for discursive thoughts, the best meditation for them is breath meditation
One who is equally and moderately disposed for all mental afflictions, they may begin with any meditation
One with mental afflictions that are not very strong, they may also begin with any meditation
Vajrayana
Tibetan Buddhism uses the model of the Five Buddha families for describing an individual's personality. Chogyam Trungpa said of this psychological model:
The buddha family or families associated with a person describe their or their fundamental style, that person's intrinsic perspective or stance in perceiving the world and working with it. Each family is associated with both a neurotic and an enlightened style. The neurotic expression of any buddha family can be transmuted into its wisdom or enlightened aspect. As well as describing people's styles, the buddha families are also associated with colors, elements, landscapes, directions, seasons-with any aspect of the phenomenal world.
The five main families are:
Buddha family, associated with the wisdom of all encompassing space and the defilement of ignorance
Vajra family, associated with the mirror like wisdom and the defilement of anger
Ratna (jewel), associated with the wisdom of equanimity and the defilement of pride
Padma (lotus), associated with the wisdom of discriminating awareness and the defilement of passion
Karma, associated with all accomplishing wisdom and the defilement of envy/paranoia
See also
Buddhism and psychology
Abhidharma
Personality psychology
References
External links
Puggala-paññatti Translated by Bimala Charan Law, M.A., B.L
Buddhist philosophy
Abhidharma
Aleksander Weintraub (pen name Aleksander Dan; 6 January 1897 – 1943) was a Polish poet and writer, from a Jewish family from Lwów. In the 1930s they published in the Lwów magazine Sygnaly (Signals) and other leftist papers. They were closely associated with the Polish Communist Party. In 1935 they were an initiator of the formation, and later a member, of the Congress of Cultural Workers, associated with the party. For their communist activism they were arrested in 1937 and imprisoned for two years. After the Soviets occupied Lwów they became one of the leading members of the collaborationist newspaper Czerwony Sztandar ("The Red Flag"), writing mostly on cultural matters. In 1943, they were murdered by the German Nazis, either in Lwów, or in the Belzec concentration camp.
1897 births
1943 deaths
20th-century Polish poets
Writers from Lviv
Polish male poets
Date of death missing
20th-century Polish male writers
Polish Jews who died in the Holocaust
People who died in Belzec extermination camp
Rudolf Friedrichs (9 March 1892 – 13 June 1947) was a German politician who served as the Minister-President of Saxony in the German Democratic Republic from 1945 to their death.
Biography
Friedrichs was born on 9 March 1892 in Plauen, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire. They attended primary school in Plauen, but moved to Dresden for secondary school. They then began studying law and economics at Leipzig University until 1919, when their studies were interrupted by World War I. They joined the SPD in 1922 and worked from 1923 as a government assessor and from 1926 as a government councillor in the Saxon Interior Ministry. They were on the Dresden City Council from 1930 to 1933, when the Nazi Party seized power in Germany. They were relieved of their duties and was briefly detained. After World War II, they were appointed as Mayor of Dresden on 10 May 1945 by the Soviet city commander. There was tension between Friedrichs and the Communist Politician Kurt Fischer, which escalated in 1947 in the form of an open confrontation. This led to rumours of Fischer's involvement in Friedrichs' sudden death. A study conducted in 1999 by the government of Saxony couldn't confirm nor deny the involvement of Fischer in their death. The cause of death of Friedrichs was never clarified. They were buried at the Waldfriedhof Weisser Hirsch, then was reburied in the Municipal Heidefriedof in 1980.
References
1892 births
1947 deaths
People from Plauen
Mayors of Dresden
Ministers-President of Saxony
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Socialist Unity Party of Germany politicians
Aparshakti Khurana (born 18 November 1987) is an Indian actor, radio jockey, comedian, singer, television host and a former Indian cricketer who was the captain of Haryana U-19 Cricket Team.  They are the younger brother of actor Ayushmann Khurrana.
Khurrana's first Bollywood project came with the sports biopic Dangal (2016), which emerged as one of the highest-grossing Indian films of all time and earned them several recognitions. They subsequently managed to play supporting roles in several other commercially successful films such as Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017), Stree (2018), Luka Chuppi (2019) and Pati Patni Aur Woh (2019). In 2021, they acted in Helmet, their first film as a solo lead.
Early and personal life
Khurrana was born on 18 November 1987 in Chandigarh. Their father P. Khurrana is an astrologer and an author on the subject of astrology, whereas their mother Poonam is a housewife of half-Burmese descent and an M.A. in Hindi. They completed their schooling and graduation in law from Chandigarh. They were also into sports at school and captained the Haryana U-19 cricket team. They completed their higher education in the field of Mass Communication from IIMC Delhi.  They are also the younger brother of Bollywood actor Ayushmann Khurrana.
They married Aakriti Ahuja, a business person and an ISB graduate (whom they met at a dance class in Chandigarh) on 7 September 2014. In June 2021, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child. The couple became parents to a baby girl on 27 August 2021, Arzoie A Khurana.
Career
Aparshakti auditioned for MTV Roadies (Season 3, Episode 2). It was the first time, they faced the camera.
Debut and breakthrough (2016–18)
Khurana made their acting debut with Nitesh Tiwari's biographical sports drama Dangal (2016) which is the real story of Mahavir Singh Phogat.  They are an Indian amateur Pehlwani wrestler, who trains their two daughters Geeta and Babita to become India's world class top-female wrestlers. Aamir Khan was cast as Mahavir, while Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra featured as the two daughters, and Khurana played Omkar, Mahavir's nephew. The film garnered favorable reactions from critics and was highly anticipated. Dangal eventually proved to be the highest-grossing Indian film with over in global ticket sales, becoming Khurana's highest-grossing release ever and earning them praise along with a Screen Award for Best Male Debut and a nomination under the same category at the Filmfare Awards.
The Shashank Khaitan directed-romantic comedy Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017) was Khurana's next film release. Co-starring Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan, the film narrated the story of an independent young woman (Bhatt) from rural India who refuses to conform to patriarchal expectations from their chauvinistic fiancé (Dhawan). Khurana was cast as Bhushan Mishra, Bhatt's brother-in-law. Badrinath Ki Dulhania proved to be one of the top-grossing productions of the year, grossing over worldwide.
In 2018, Khurana appeared in three films, the first of which was Mudassar Aziz's Happy Phirr Bhag Jayegi (a sequel to the 2016 film Happy Bhag Jayegi), a comedy about two girls who both are named Happy. A critical and commercial failure, it co-starred Sonakshi Sinha and Diana Penty, with Khurana playing the supporting part of Aman Wadhwa, the eloped fiancé of Happy 2 (Sinha). Their next role was in Amar Kaushik's directorial debut Stree, a horror comedy co-starring Rajkummar Rao, Shraddha Kapoor, and Pankaj Tripathi. Stree emerged as a major commercial success with a worldwide gross revenue of , and their performance earned them a Best Supporting Actor nomination at Filmfare. Khurana's final release of 2018 was the Netflix film Rajma Chawal. Directed by Leena Yadav, it starred Rishi Kapoor, Anirudh Talwar and Amyra Dastur, and was poorly received.
Further supporting roles (2019–present)
Khurana took on another supporting role in Laxman Utekar's 2019 romantic comedy Luka Chuppi, co-starring Kartik Aaryan, Kriti Sanon and Tripathi. Set in Uttar Pradesh, 'Luka Chupi' is about the story of a live-in-relationship between a headstrong woman (Rashmi, played by Kriti Sanon) and a television reporter (Guddu, played by Kartik Aaryan). Their next film of the year was debutante Prashant Singh's Jabariya Jodi, starring Sidharth Malhotra and Parineeti Chopra, which deals with the prevalence of groom kidnapping in Bihar. After doing a special appearance in their brother Ayushmann's commercially successful satire Bala directed by Kaushik, they played Aaryan's best friend in their last film of 2019, the comedy-drama Pati, Patni Aur Woh directed by Aziz, a remake of the 1978 film with the same name, which relates the life of a philandering husband who gets attractive towards their female co-worker. While Luka Chuppi, Bala and Pati Patni Aur Woh were commercially successful, Jabariya Jodi performed poorly at the box office.
Khurana next starred in Remo D'Souza's dance film Street Dancer 3D, a spin-off to the 2015 dance film ABCD 2, starring Dhawan and Shraddha Kapoor, which was released on 24 January 2020. Their first lead role came in the comedy film Helmet which premiered on ZEE5. Khurana stars in Hum Do Hamare Do with Rajkummar Rao and Kriti Sanon, released on 29 October 2021 on Disney+ Hotstar.
Filmography
Films
Television
Web series
Music videos
Discography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Indian male film actors
Indian male television actors
Male actors from Chandigarh
Indian television presenters
Indian radio presenters
Screen Awards winners
21st-century Indian male actors
1987 births
Paulina Margarita Gálvez Pineda (April 23, 1980) is a Colombian beauty queen. They became the second representative from their country to win the Miss International pageant in 1999 in Tokyo, Japan, where they were also adjudged as Miss Photogenic.
References
Colombian female models
Living people
Miss International winners
Miss International 1999 delegates
Colombian beauty pageant winners
1980 births
Lamina Peak () is a prominent pyramid-shaped peak, high, surmounting a stratified ridge which curves down from Mount Edred northeastward toward George VI Sound. The peak stands inland from the east coast of Alexander Island near the southern limit of the Douglas Range. It was first photographed from the air on November 23, 1935, by Lincoln Ellsworth and mapped from these photos by W.L.G. Joerg. It was roughly surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition and resurveyed in 1949 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), and was so named by the FIDS because of the marked horizontal stratification of the rocks of this peak.
See also
Mount Nicholas
Mount Sanderson
Mount Spivey
References
Mountains of Alexander Island
The 1994 Kingston upon Thames Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Kingston upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Liberal Democrats gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
Phase integral may refer to:
Phase integral, in statistical mechanics, a classical analog to the partition function.
Phase integral, in astronomy, a concept related to bond albedo.
K. Pattabhi Jois (26 July 1915 – 18 May 2009) was an Indian yoga guru who developed and popularized the flowing style of yoga as exercise known as Ashtanga vinyasa yoga. In 1948, Jois established the Ashtanga Yoga Research Institute in Mysore, India. Pattabhi Jois is one of a short list of Indians instrumental in establishing modern yoga as exercise in the 20th century, along with B. K. S. Iyengar, another pupil of Krishnamacharya in Mysore. Jois sexually abused some of their yoga students by touching inappropriately during adjustments. Sharath Jois has publicly apologised for their grandfather's "improper adjustments".
Biography
Early life
Krishna Pattabhi Jois was born in a Kannada Brahmin family on 26 July 1915 (Guru Pūrṇimā, full moon day) in the village of Kowshika, near Hassan, Karnataka, South India. Jois's father was an astrologer, priest, and landholder. Their mother took care of the house and the nine children - five girls and four boys - of whom Pattabhi Jois was the fifth. From the age of five, they were instructed in Sanskrit and rituals by their father, which is standard training for Brahmin boys. No one else in their family learned yoga.
Education
In 1927, at the age of 12, Jois attended a lecture and demonstration at the Jubilee Hall in Hassan, Karnataka by T. Krishnamacharya and became their student the next day. They stayed in Kowshika for two years and practiced with Krishnamacharya every day.
In 1930, Jois ran away from home to Mysore to study Sanskrit, with 2 rupees. Around the same time Krishnamacharya departed Hassan to teach elsewhere. Two years later, Jois was reunited with Krishnamacharya, who had also made their way to Mysore. During this time, the Maharaja of Mysore, Krishna Rajendra Wodeyar, had become seriously ill and it is said that Krishnamacharya had healed him, through yoga, where others had failed. The Maharaja became Krishnamacharya's patron and established a yogaśala for them at the Jaganmohan Palace. Jois often accompanied Krishnamacharya in demonstrations, and occasionally assisted Krishnamacharya in class and taught in theirs absence.
Jois studied with Krishnamacharya from 1927 to 1929 in their own village, and then in Mysore from 1932 to 1953. They studied texts such as Patañjali's Yoga Sūtra, Haṭha Yoga Pradīpikā, Yoga Yajñavalkya and the Upaniṣads.
In 1924 Krishnamacharya supposedly researched an ancient text which they called the Yoga Korunta; they described this as badly damaged and with many missing portions, and claimed they had learned the text from a teacher named Rama Mohan Brahmachari on a supposed seven-year stay in the Himalayas. Jois began their studies with Krishnamacharya in 1927 and was taught what Krishnamacharya called the Yoga Korunta method. An entire system of practices including pranayama, bandhas, (core muscular and energetic locks) and drishti (visual focal points) were included along with āsanas (postures) and vinyāsas (connecting movements), defining the method that Jois went on to teach. Jois stated that they had never seen the text; its authenticity is impossible to validate as no copy has ever been seen by scholars.
A major component of Ashtanga Yoga absent from Krishnamacharya's early teachings was Surya Namaskar, the Sun Salutation. However, Surya Namaskar already existed, and Krishnamacharya was aware of it in the 1930s, as it was being taught, as exercise rather than as yoga, in the hall next to their Yogaśala in the Mysore palace.
Career
The Maharaja of Mysore sometimes attended classes when Jois was assisting, and offered Jois a teaching position at the Sanskrit College in Mysore with a salary, scholarship to the college and room and board. Jois held a yoga teaching position at the Sanskrit College from 1937 to 1973, becoming vidwan (professor) in 1956, as well as being Honorary Professor of Yoga at the Government College of Indian Medicine from 1976 to 1978.
In 1948, Jois established the Ashtanga Yoga Research Institute at their home in Lakshmipuram. In 1964 they built an extension in the back of the house for a yoga hall. In 1964, a Belgian named André Van Lysebeth spent two months with Jois learning the primary and intermediate series of the Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga system. Not long afterward, van Lysebeth wrote the book J'apprends le Yoga (1967, English title: Yoga Self-Taught) which mentioned Jois and included their address. This brought Westerners to Mysore to study yoga. The first Americans came, after Jois's son Manju demonstrated yoga at Swami Gitananda's ashram in Pondicherry. To accommodate the increasing number of students, they opened a new school in Gokulam in 2002. Jois continued to teach at the Ashtanga Yoga Research Institute in Mysore, now in the neighbourhood of Gokulam, with their only daughter Saraswathi Rangaswamy (b. 1941) and their grandson Sharath for the rest of their life. They published the book Yoga Mālā, in Kannada in 1958; an English translation appeared in 1999.
Their first trip to the West was in 1974, to South America, to deliver a lecture in Sanskrit at an international yoga conference. In 1975 they stayed for four months in Encinitas, California, marking the beginning of Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga in America. Norman Allen, one of their first western students, collaborated with Jois on their trips to America. They had said on many occasions that there might be only twenty or thirty students practising Ashtanga Yoga in America then, but, 'gradually, gradually, in twenty years, it will be fully spreading'. They returned to the US several times over the next 20 years, to teach yoga at Encinitas and beyond.
Parampara, the passing of knowledge from teacher to pupil (traditionally, from guru to shishya), is said to lie at the heart of Jois's Ashtanga Yoga. Teachers are certified through many years of daily practice and extended trips to Mysore, India, to become authorized "lineage holders". Haing studied under Krishnamacharya for many years, Jois expected the same from their students, creating among the most stringent requirements anywhere in yoga teacher training.
Family life
On the full moon of June 1933, when Jois was 18 years old, they married Savitramma, who affectionately came to be known as Amma by Pattabhi Jois's family and students alike. They had three children: Saraswathi, Mañju and Ramesh.
In 1948, with the help of their students, Jois purchased a home in the section of town called Lakshmipuram. According to Tim Miller, Jois continued to practice asanas until their son Ramesh committed suicide when Jois was in their early 60s.
Re-evaluation
Criticisms
According to B.K.S. Iyengar, Jois was assigned to teach asana at the Sanskrit Pathshala when Krishnamacharya's yogaśala was opened in 1933, and was "never a regular student". Jois claimed they were B. K. S. Iyengar's teacher, although Iyengar has denied this, and the two men's yoga systems are different; both were taught by Krishnamacharya.
The obituary in The Economist questioned Jois's adherence to the yogic principle of ahimsa or non-violence, writing that "a good number of Mr Jois's students seemed constantly to be limping around with injured knees or backs because they had received their "adjustments", yanking them into Lotus, the splits or a backbend." Adjustments by Jois have been characterized as "overwhelming, producing fear and extreme discomfort in students as they are pushed beyond their physical and psychological comfort zones in often-difficult, even dangerous asana."
Sexual abuse
The Economist obituary questioned Jois's adherence to the yogic principle of brahmacharya or sexual continence, and made the accusation that some students received different "adjustments"; further evidence and accusations soon emerged in 2009. In 2010, it became public knowledge that Jois had systematically sexually abused some of their female and male yoga students, both in Mysore and during their travels, until their death in 2009. Some of this was straightforward sexual abuse, some under the guise of "adjustments" and sometimes under the guise of "welcoming" and "saying goodbye" to students.
The number of victims is unknown, but women and men have described their experiences of abuse, with video and photographic evidence.
Some well known Ashtanga Yoga teachers have come forward to corroborate the accusations.
In 2019, R. Sharath Jois published an acknowledgement of their sadness over their grandfather's conduct, apologising to the students concerned, and encouraging them to forgive their grandfather. "It brings me immense pain that I also witnessed them giving improper adjustments", Sharath wrote.
Legacy
In the early 21st century, Jois's grandson, R. Sharath Jois, led the Ashtanga Yoga community as director of the K. Pattabhi Jois Ashtanga Yoga Institute (KPJAYI) in Mysore. Jois's organization Sonima often provides organizational support to Sharath's world tours, and produces online programs that provide supplementary teaching tools for Ashtanga. Jois's daughter, Saraswathi, and granddaughter, Sharmila, run a yoga school in Mysore and travel the world on teaching tours.
A student, David Life, co-founder of Jivamukti Yoga, has said of Jois, "He was not a monk or a renunciate; they were fearless about combining the path of yogi with the path of participant. They never saw it as separate from our lives. They thought that anyone could attain to yoga if they had the desire and the enthusiasm." A 2006 film Guru was made about them by Robert Wilkins.
Bibliography
Jois, Pattabhi (1999; revised ed. 2012). Yoga Mala. New York: North Point Press.
See also
Bikram Choudhury
Notes
References
External links
1915 births
2009 deaths
Indian yoga gurus
People from Hassan district
Modern yoga pioneers
Modern yoga gurus
Hernán Pérez Cuesta (born 2 October 1981), sometimes known as just Hernán, is a Spanish football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.  They are the current manager of CD Lugo.
Playing career
Born in Oviedo, Asturias, Hernán was a Real Oviedo youth graduate, but made their senior debut with Tercera División side CD Lealtad in the 2000–01 season. They moved to Segunda División B side CD Universidad de Oviedo in 2001, suffering relegation and subsequently returning to Oviedo to play for the reserves in the fourth tier.
In 2003, after the relegation of Oviedo's first team to the fourth division, the B-side disappeared and Hernán returned to Lealtad. In January of the following year, they signed for third tier side Real Avilés CF, again suffering relegation at the end of the season.
In 2005, after one season at fourth division side Oviedo ACF, Hernán rejoined Lealtad for a third spell. They left the club in August 2007 to join Caudal Deportivo also in division four, before moving to CD Covadonga in the same category in July 2008.
Hernán suffered relegation to the regional leagues with Covadonga in 2010, and retired in the following year at the age of just 30, as the club immediately returned to the fourth level.
Coaching career
During their last season at Covadonga, Pérez was already managing the youth sides of the club; they had previously worked at hometown sides UD San Claudio and CD Grujoan. In July 2012, they returned to their former side Lealtad as an assistant manager.
In July 2014, Pérez rejoined another club they represented as a player, Oviedo, to work as a manager of the Juvenil squad. They left the side on 12 June 2015, after being named in charge of UP Langreo in the fourth division.
Pérez achieved promotion to the third division with the side in the 2017–18 campaign, and was appointed Barakaldo CF manager on 12 July 2019. They left the latter side on 14 May 2020, after both parties agreed to not renew their contract, and was named in charge of Unionistas de Salamanca CF also in the third level on 5 June.
Pérez departed Unionistas on 14 June 2021, after qualifying the team to the new third level called Primera División RFEF, and joined Real Madrid's structure on 1 July, after being named manager of the Juvenil side. They left the latter in June 2022, after winning the year's Copa del Rey Juvenil de Fútbol.
On 16 June 2022, Pérez was appointed manager of Segunda División side CD Lugo.
Personal life
Hernán's younger brother Michu was also a footballer. A forward, they too are groomed at Oviedo; both worked together at Langreo in 2015–16.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
Real Madrid (youth)
Copa del Rey Juvenil de Fútbol: 2022
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Footballers from Oviedo
Spanish footballers
Association football midfielders
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
CD Lealtad players
Real Oviedo Vetusta players
Real Avilés CF footballers
Caudal Deportivo footballers
Spanish football managers
Segunda División B managers
Tercera División managers
UP Langreo managers
Barakaldo CF managers
CD Lugo managers
Real Oviedo non-playing staff
Real Madrid CF non-playing staff
The FIA World Rally Championship-3, or WRC-3 was a companion rally series to the World Rally Championship, and was driven on the same stages. The series began in 2013 and was limited to production-based cars homologated under the R1, R2 and R3 rules, until its cancellation at the end of 2018.
History
From 2013 the previous Production World Rally Championship was cancelled and replaced by WRC-3. With the introduction of Group R the new WRC-3 was contested by 2WD production based cars from R1, R2 and R3 classes.
Teams and drivers competing in the series were free to contest any rallies forming the World Rally Championship. They had to nominate up to six events to score points in, and their best five results from these six events counted towards their final championship points score. From 2017 this was changed to nominating seven rounds of which their six best results counted. In 2018, FIA announced that the World Rally Championship-3 was being discontinued.
Results
Drivers' Championship
Teams' Championship
See also
Junior World Rally Championship
World Rally Championship-2 (formerly Super 2000 World Rally Championship)
Production World Rally Championship
FIA 2-Litre World Rally Cup
References
Rally racing series
Defunct auto racing series
Recurring sporting events established in 2013
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2018
Keeping Faith (, "One Wednesday Morning") is a British thriller television series, filmed and set in Wales, and first broadcast in Welsh on S4C from 5 November 2017.
Created by Matthew Hall and produced by Vox Pictures. The series stars Eve Myles as Faith Howells, a solicitor at a family-run law firm whose husband, Evan, disappears whilst they are on maternity leave following the birth of their third child.
Renamed Keeping Faith, the English version premiered on BBC One Wales on 13 February 2018. The first series co-stars Hannah Daniel, Matthew Gravelle, Bradley Freegard, Mark Lewis Jones, Mali Harries and Aneirin Hughes. The show was extremely popular in Wales, with an average of 300,000 viewers per episode, making it the most popular show on BBC Wales for over 25 years and, with over 8.5 million downloads by May 2018, the most downloaded non-network show on BBC iPlayer.
Filmed concurrently in both languages, this series is the second in a season of bilingual dramas set to premiere back-to-back on S4C. The initial Welsh language broadcast on S4C carried entirely English subtitles, while repeat airings carried encoded English subtitles. The series has been available on the BBC iPlayer as part of the BBC's ongoing relationship with S4C.
On 15 June 2018, the BBC announced that Keeping Faith would be shown across the UK on BBC One, beginning on 10 July 2018. The Head of Commissioning for BBC Wales, Nick Andrews, said that the series had been "a real gem from start to finish", and a testament to the strength of drama coming out of Wales.
With series one ending with a cliff-hanger, Huw Thomas, the BBC Wales arts and media correspondent, wrote on 6 May 2018 that a second series is in development, and later that year, the second series was commissioned. Production began in September 2018 and broadcast in Wales, first in Welsh (with English subtitles) on S4C, from 12 May 2019; nationally shown on BBC One in English during July–August 2019.
The third and final series premiered on S4C (as Un Bore Mercher) in 2020 during November and December, and the English language broadcast began on BBC One on 27 March 2021. This series was made available on the BBC iPlayer on 27 March 2021. By May 2021 the series had had over 50 million views on BBC iPlayer.
Cast
Eve Myles as Faith Howells; solicitor and mother of three. Evan Howells' wife
Bradley Freegard as Evan Howells; struck off solicitor. Faith's husband
Demi Letherby as Alys Howells; elder daughter of Faith and Evan
Lacey Jones as Megan Howells; younger daughter of Faith and Evan
Oscar & Harry Unsworth as Rhodri Howells; son of Faith and Evan
Aneirin Hughes as Tom Howells; Evan's father and solicitor
Hannah Daniel as Cerys Jones; solicitor at Howells
Betsan Llwyd (Un Bore Mercher) / Suzanne Packer (Keeping Faith) as Delyth Lloyd; Howells office administrator
Eiry Thomas as DI (Series 1), PC (Series 2), DS (Series 3) Susan Williams; Abercorran police
Steffan Rhodri as Judge Gwyn Daniels
Matthew Gravelle as PC Terry Price; Abercorran police (Series 1)
Mali Harries as Bethan Price; Terry's wife and Evan's sister (Series 1)
Rhian Morgan as Marion Howells; Evan's mother
Mark Lewis Jones as Steve Baldini; client
Martha Bright as Angie Baldini; Steve's daughter
Alex Harries as Arthur Davies; client
Catherine Ayers as Lisa Connors; Faith's best friend
Angeline Ball (Series 1) / Anastasia Hille (Series 2) as Gael Reardon; widow of Paddy Reardon
Richard Elfyn as DCI Huw Parry of Swansea police (Series 1)
Lowri Palfrey as Erin Glynn; client (Series 1)
Aimee-Ffion Edwards as Madlen Vaughan; client (Series 2)
Brochan Evans as Dyfan Vaughan; Madlen's son (Series 2)
Rhashan Stone as DI Laurence Breeze; CID detective (Series 2 and 3)
Rhian Blythe as Anya Flye; Howells' bank manager (Series 2)
Richard Lynch as Hayden Swancott QC (Series 2)
Francesca Dimech as Mrs. Kriprinski (Series 2)
Siân Phillips as Judge Alwen Owens (Series 3)
Celia Imrie as Rose Fairchild; Faith's mother (Series 3)
Matthew Aubrey as Mike Taylor (Series 3)
Keogh Kiernan as Osian Taylor (Series 3)
Sion Daniel Young as Gareth; Osian's nurse (Series 3)
Marc Antolin as Professor Rhys (Series 3)
Rachel Cheung as the gym manager (Series 3)
Episodes
Series 1 (2017)
Series 2 (2019)
Series 3 (2021)
Production
Set in the fictional town of Abercorran, filming started in the summer of 2017 in Carmarthenshire, with exterior views of Faith's home situated high up overlooking the estuary and the castle of Laugharne. Many scenes were shot in Laugharne, also in Carmarthen; the main square and the historic courtroom in Carmarthen Guildhall was used for scenes. Other courtroom scenes feature the former courthouse at Swansea. Studio scenes were filmed at Sony UK Technology Centre's Ffilm Factory 35 in Pencoed. The Vale of Glamorgan, Pontardawe and Swansea were other filming locations.
Vox pictures produced the drama with the aid of Nevision, Cinematic Productions, Soundworks and About Premium Content. The production of the programme was funded through the Welsh Government's Media Investment Budget, which is advised by Pinewood Pictures, S4C and BBC Wales. Location assistance was provided by Wales Screen, part of the Welsh Government's creative industries team, helping to maximise the economic benefits for Wales.
Gwawr Martha Lloyd, S4C Drama Content Commissioner, said of the series; "We're very excited about this new and original series that will be premiering on S4C this autumn. With a stellar cast and a completely compelling story, plot and setting, we're hoping the audience will grow to love the world and the characters of Un Bore Mercher as much as we in S4C have as we worked to develop the series. The series intends to take the viewer on a thrilling, emotional and warm journey, which will pull at their heart-strings but will also make them smile along the way."
Critical reception
The series has generally received favourable responses and was described in The Guardian as, "a bit like Big Little Lies relocated to rural Wales". As Un Bore Mercher, the Welsh version of the series gained strong reviews. Gary Raymond, in Wales Arts Review, wrote: "...particularly interesting to see a genuine diamond emerge from the coalface in the form of Keeping Faith" and "Social media opinion has been a little more approving" [than the limited publicity surrounding the series].
Lydia Morris at the UK Daily Post wrote that the programme "...has already proved a hit with TV audiences". A review (under 'Show and Tell' by Paul Flynn) in Grazia magazine was titled "Like Broadchurch when it was good, Welsh production Keeping Faith is a TV trailblazer" and was generous with its praise. Writing in The Times, Nicole Wynne described it as "...the dual-language drama that has got box-set Britain gripped". On 2 May 2018, Stuart Heritage of the i warned, "Watch this game-changing thriller while you still can". Jon Coates in the Daily Express wrote, "Keeping Faith's unprecedented success ... has led to a primetime run on BBC One starting on Thursday ... with a second series due to begin filming this autumn." The Guardian review in July 2018, "... already a huge iPlayer hit, this Carmarthen-set drama about a vanished husband is realistic and beautifully shot ... it looks real and brilliant and Welsh". 'crimefictionlover' wrote: "The BBC has a secret... it's worth seeking out".
The first series won three Welsh BAFTAs in 2018: Best Actress (Eve Myles), Best Writer (Matthew Hall) and Original Music (Amy Wadge and Laurence Love Greed).
Music
Six original songs were composed by the singer-songwriter Amy Wadge. The English and Welsh soundtracks were released as EPs on iTunes on Friday 9 March 2018. The English versions are sung by Amy Wadge and the Welsh versions by Ela Hughes. The score music was written by Laurence Love Greed.
Notes
References
External links
2017 British television series debuts
2020 British television series endings
2010s British crime drama television series
2010s Welsh television series
Welsh-language television shows
English-language television shows
Un Bore Mercher
Television series about missing people
Television shows set in Wales
2020s British crime drama television series
2020s Welsh television series
Television shows filmed in Wales
Television series about single parent families
The 1974–75 Connecticut Huskies men's basketball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 1974–75 collegiate men's basketball season. The Huskies completed the season with an 18–10 overall record. The Huskies were members of the Yankee Conference, where they ended the season with a 9–3 record. They made it to the first round in the 1975 National Invitation Tournament. The Huskies played their home games at Hugh S. Greer Field House in Storrs, Connecticut, and were led by sixth-year head coach Dee Rowe.
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| ECAC Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| NIT
Schedule Source:
References
UConn Huskies men's basketball seasons
Connecticut
Connecticut
1974 in sports in Connecticut
1975 in sports in Connecticut
Five Forks is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along West Virginia Route 16 to the north of the town of Grantsville, the county seat of Calhoun County. Its elevation is . The Five Forks Post Office is closed.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
The 2016 Utah Utes football team represented the University of Utah during the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by twelfth year head coach Kyle Whittingham and played their home games in Rice-Eccles Stadium in Salt Lake City, Utah. They were members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 9–4, 5–4 in Pac-12 play to finish in third place in the South Division. They were invited to the Foster Farms where they defeated Indiana.
Schedule
Source:
Roster
Rankings
Game summaries
Southern Utah
Sources:
Game Stats:
Passing: SUU: McCoy Hill 6-12-0--42, Tannon Pedersen 0-6-1--0; Utah: Troy Williams 20-35-0--272, Tyler Huntley 3-4-0--26.
Rushing: SUU: Malik Brown 10-49, Ty Rutledge 1-33, Hill 8-26, Raysean Pringle 5-13, James Felila 3-9, Isaiah Diego-Wi 1-0, Pedersen 4-(-14); Utah: Troy McCormick 12-55, Joe Williams 12-49, Armand Shyne 8-19, T. Williams 5-15.
Receiving: SUU: Mike Sharp 1-14, Steven Wroblews 1-12, Rutledge 1-9, Logan Parker 1-6, Felila 1-4, Pringle 1-(-3); Utah: Tim Patrick 5-105, Rae Singleton 2-56, Troy McCormick 3-55, Tyrone Smith 3-31, Evan Moeai 1-18, Walla Gonzales 1-11, Demari Simpkins 1-8, Siaosi Wilkins 1-8, Terrell Burgess 1-7, Kyle Fulks 2-1, Joe Williams 3-(-2)
Interceptions: Utah: Marcus Williams 1-0.
BYU
Sources:
Game Stats:
Passing: BYU: Taysom Hill 21-39-3--176, Mitch Juergens 1-1-0--9, Team 0-1-0--0; Utah: Troy Williams 14-23-3--194.
Rushing: BYU: Hill 13-87, Jamaal Williams 12-58, Brayden El-Bakri 1-1, Algernon Brown 1-(-3); Utah: Troy McCormick 10-62, Zack Moss 12-58, Joe Williams 10-26, Troy Williams 7-13, Kyle Fulks 2-11, Team 1-(-1).
Receiving: BYU: Juergens 8-52, Nick Kurtz 3-35, Moroni Laulu-Pututau 3-31, Jonah Trinnaman 2-27, Colby Pearson 2-10, Williams 1-10, Corbin Kaufusi 1-9, Aleva Hifo 1-7, Ului Lapuaho 1-4; Utah: Tyrone Smith 2-60, Tim Patrick 3-59, Rae Singleton 2-23, Evan Moeai 2-21, Harris Handley 2-21, Demari Simpkins 2-6, Joe Williams 1-4.
Interceptions: BYU: Kai Nacua 2-0, Francis Bernard 1-0; Utah: Sunia Tauteoli 2-41, Reginald Porter 1-1.
at San Jose State
USC
at California
Arizona
at Oregon State
at UCLA
Washington
at Arizona State
Oregon
at Colorado
vs. Indiana (Foster Farms Bowl)
References
Utah
Utah Utes football seasons
Redbox Bowl champion seasons
Utah Utes football
William Preston Johnston (January 5, 1831 – July 16, 1899) was a lawyer, scholar, poet, and Confederate soldier. They were the son and biographer of Confederate General Albert Sidney Johnston. They were a president of Louisiana State University and the first president of Tulane University from 1884 (Tulane being renamed from the University of Louisiana that year).
Biography
Johnston was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to Albert Sidney Johnston and Henrietta Preston Johnston. When they were four years old, their mother died; they were then reared by members of their family. Johnston attended several local schools, including the academy of Samuel Venable Womack in Shelbyville, Centre College in Danville, Western Military Institute in Georgetown, and Yale College. In March 1853, they received their law degree from the Louisville School of Law. On July 6, 1853, they married their first wife, Rosa Elizabeth Duncan, the daughter of John N. Duncan of New Orleans.
During the American Civil War, Johnston served as an aide-de-camp to Jefferson Davis, president of the Confederate States. Johnston was a colonel in the Confederate Army. Johnston was captured with Jefferson Davis at Irwinville, Georgia, at the end of the war, and was imprisoned for several months at Fort Delaware.
After the war (at the invitation of Robert E. Lee), they became a professor at Washington College in Virginia. In 1880, they became president of Louisiana State University, but resigned four years later to become the first president of the new Tulane University in 1884.
Johnston wrote two books of poetry, My Garden Walk (1894) and Pictures of the Patriarchs and Other Poems (1895). They also wrote The Prototype of Hamlet and Other Shakespearean Problems (1890) as well as a biography of their father, The Life of General Albert Sidney Johnston (1878), a "most valuable and exhaustive biography".
Johnston was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1893.
Their first wife died on October 19, 1885, and they married Margaret Henshaw Avery of Avery Island, Louisiana, in April 1888. At the age of 67 on July 16, 1899, they died at the home of their son-in-law, Congressman Henry St. George Tucker in Lexington, Virginia.
References
Colonel William Preston Johnston, The Life of General Albert Sidney Johnston: Their Service in the Armies of the United States, the Republic of Texas, and the Confederate States.
Reviewed work(s): William Preston Johnston: A Transitional Figure of the Confederacy. by Arthur Marvin Shaw
"Col. Wm. Preston Johnston, The Gallant Son of the Great Southern Chieftan," New Orleans, La. Daily Picayune (July 17, 1899).
http://www.csawardept.com/history/Cabinet/WPJohnston/index.html
Specific
External links
* as 'University of Louisiana'
1831 births
1899 deaths
Centre College alumni
William Preston
Confederate States Army officers
Writers from Louisville, Kentucky
Tulane University faculty
Presidents of Tulane University
Yale College alumni
Washington and Lee University people
People of Kentucky in the American Civil War
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
Preston family of Virginia
Southern Historical Society
Nguyễn Thế Anh is a Vietnamese goalkeeper who plays for Vietnamese V-League club XSKT Cần Thơ. They were also a member of Vietnam national football team.
References
1981 births
Living people
Vietnamese footballers
Vietnam international footballers
Song Lam Nghe An FC player
Becamex Binh Duong FC players
V.League 1 players
People from Nghệ An province
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers at the 2002 Asian Games
Navibank Sài Gòn FC players
Asian Games competitors for Vietnam
The Ross Grain Elevator is a historic building located in Ross, Iowa, United States. It was built in 1881 by Charles Stuart, a Civil War veteran who was a forwarding agent for the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad. The wooden structure rests on a limestone foundation. By the early 20th century the elevator was sheathed in corrigated steel to guard against the sparks that came off of the locomotives at the nearby depot, no longer extant. The elevator is made up of three interconnected buildings that include the elevator itself, an annex, and the brick scale-engine house. At one time the property contained two grain elevators, a depot, stockyards, cob houses, town dump, coal shed and other related structures. The railroad discontinued operations here in the 1940s, and the other buildings were removed over the years. The elevator itself was used on a farm into the 1970s. It has not been used since then, but its internal mechanisms are still extant. The elevator was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2018.
References
Agricultural buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Audubon County, Iowa
Buildings and structures in Audubon County, Iowa
Grain elevators in the United States
Fiborgtangen is a peninsula and industrial site located along Trondheimsfjord in the northwest part of the village of Skogn in the municipality of Levanger in Trøndelag county, Norway. The site hosts the paper mill Norske Skog Skogn and the associated port used to ship newsprint away from the plant. Fiborgtangen is also the site chosen by Industrikraft Midt-Norge to build a thermal power plant powered by natural gas.
The site is accessible via a side track from the Nordland Line and from European route E6, which both run past the site.
References
Levanger
Norske Skog
Ports and harbours of Norway
Industrial parks in Norway
Manase Fainu (born 17 October 1998) is a former Tonga international rugby league footballer who played as a for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the NRL.
Background
Fainu was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.  They are of Tongan descent on their mother's side and their father's side. Their uncle, Tevita Amone, played for the Western Suburbs Magpies and the North Queensland Cowboys.
They attended Patrician Brothers' College, Fairfield as well as Westfields Sports High School and played their junior rugby league for the Guildford Owls. They reside in Fairfield in Sydney's west.
They have 3 younger brothers, Sione, Samuela, Latu, who are all signed to the Manly club.
Playing career
Fainu made their NRL debut in round 16 of the 2018 NRL season for Manly-Warringah against the Penrith Panthers. Fainu then signed with the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles for a further two years extending their contract until the end of 2020. Fainu made a total of 25 appearances for Manly in the 2019 NRL season as the club finished 6th on the table and qualified for the finals. Fainu played in both of Manly's finals games against Cronulla-Sutherland and South Sydney in which the club was eliminated in the second week by Souths. Their excellent form in 2019 and a great combination formed with Tom Trbojevic saw Manly let Apisai Koroisau go to the Panthers only to have Fainu stood down in the NRL's no Fault stand down policy for allegedly stabbing a man outside a church.
Legal charges
In July 2018, Fainu was charged with filming a sex act without consent. Fainu pleaded guilty to the incident in September 2018 but avoided conviction.
On 29 October 2019, Fainu was charged by police for stabbing a man with a 10 cm knife at a church dance. It was alleged that Fainu produced the knife and stabbed the man after a confrontation. Fainu presented themselves to NSW police at Liverpool following the incident and was charged with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, affray and recklessly cause grievous bodily harm in company.
On 16 December 2019, Fainu's case was adjourned until 3 February 2020 after they failed to attend court due to an ongoing shoulder injury. Justice Stephen Rothman granted the order under the conditions that Fainu surrendered their passport, reported to police daily, provided a $10,000 surety and would remain at home.
On 11 August 2022, a jury found Fainu guilty of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.  They are awaiting sentence and has been taken into custody.
References
External links
Manly Sea Eagles profile
1998 births
Living people
Australian people of Māori descent
Australian people of Tongan descent
Australian rugby league players
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Sydney
Tonga national rugby league team players
{{Taxobox
| domain = Bacteria
| phylum = Pseudomonadota
| classis = Alphaproteobacteria
| ordo = Rhodospirillales
| familia = Rhodovibrionaceae
| genus = Pelagibius
| genus_authority = Choi et al. 2009
| type_species = Pelagibius litoralis
| subdivision_ranks = Species
| subdivision = P. litoralis| synonyms =
}}Pelagibius is a Gram-negative and strictly aerobic genus of bacteria from the family Rhodovibrionaceae with one known species (Pelagibius litoralis).Pelagibius litoralis'' has been isolated from coastal seawater from Korea.
References
Rhodospirillales
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
Taxa described in 2009
Bayramlar is a village in the Tefenni district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Tefenni District
The Diana Fountain may refer to:
The Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fountain, in Hyde Park, London, England
The Diana Fountain, Bushy Park, in Bushy Park, London, England
The Diana Fountain, Green Park, in Green Park, London, England
The Huntress Diana Fountain, in Mexico City, Mexico
See also
Fountain of Diana
The STELLA project was originally supported and co-funded by the European Commission. The aim was to develop a new language learning methodology for online language learning suitable for European learners. The project's aim was also to deliver online language learning courses for less widely taught and used languages (LWTULs) within the European Union in order to meet the European Union's aim to "safeguard the linguistic diversity in Europe". The methodology was subsequently used in courses which further delivered languages considered to be of strategic importance to the EU and member states.
STELLA courses:
are used by students, tourists and business people,
incorporate the Council of Europe's syllabus (Breakthrough, Level A1),
guide students towards a European Language Certificate,
are designed specifically for the internet,
allow students to study in their native language,
include STELLA software that allows further courses to be created for other languages.
The project's methodology has been implemented with Arabic, Danish, Hungarian, Spanish, Turkish and English.
Background
Article 149 of the EU Treaty states that the role of the EU is to “contribute to the development of quality education by encouraging cooperation between Member States and, if necessary, by supporting and supplementing their action.”
Overarching EU policy goal
According to the Lisbon Strategy (March 2000), the overarching EU policy goal is that “The Union must become the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world.”
In the 2005 relaunch, the goal was stated as follows: The EU is to become “an advanced knowledge society with sustainable development, more and better jobs and greater social cohesion.”
The EU works towards these policy goals on the one hand through policy work with Member States and on the other through subsidizing educational programmes.
The key challenge for the EU is to achieve multilingualism. As Umberto Eco (1993) stated, “we must place our hope in a polyglot Europe”. Multilingualism is a core value in Europe: it is one of its unique qualities and contributes to its richness. However, learning a lingua franca such as English is not enough. Every European citizen should speak their mother tongue and at least two other European languages.
The European Union's language objectives
To achieve the aim the EU's policy objectives are to promote language learning and linguistic diversity within Europe and to complement EU programmes by addressing language teaching and learning needs at every stage of a person's life.
These objectives and needs will be met by:
developing materials for teaching less widely spoken and taught languages,
building up competence in languages which in turn can reinforce European global competitiveness
developing methods to motivate language learners
promoting multilingual comprehension between languages.
The programmes
The EU initiative that funded transnational educational programmes was the Socrates programme. This was replaced in 2007 by the Lifelong Learning Programme 2007-2013. Within the Socrates programme the Lingua Action supported projects that promoted language learning while the Minerva Action promoted innovation in the fields of ICT and education.
STELLA
Methodology
Underlying the whole project is the STELLA methodology, which implements the ideas and objectives laid down in the Common European Framework of Reference for Modern Languages. The methodology is oriented towards the European Language Certificates, levels A1/A2. Supporting documents include a graded and sequenced distribution of topics, themes, language functions, lexis and syntax which authors can use as a basis to generate online language learning material. The generic system constitutes the electronic implementation of the STELLA methodology. The core material in STELLA is a language learning course (written in English), which serves as a model for authors to write courses for other languages.
STELLA courses
The STELLA courses are suitable for:
learners who want to work towards a recognized European Language Certificate,
learners who want to visit a country and want to learn the basics of the language,
learners who wish to study online,
learners who cannot take part in classroom activities because they live in a remote area or because of a disability,
language schools and colleges which want to integrate an online e-course to support their classroom teaching. Stella e-courses can complement other learning courses as they follow an established syllabus.
See also
Language education
References
Language schools
Language learning software
The SP-81 is a highway in the southeastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The highway is known as the Rodovia Dr. Heitor Penteado in its entire length and begins near Campinas and runs through Sousas and ends in Cabras.
Highways in São Paulo (state)
The 2006 Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament of Hearts was held Jan. 19–22 in at the Maple Leaf Curling Club in O'Leary, Prince Edward Island. The winning team was Team Suzanne Gaudet who represented Prince Edward Island, finished with a 4-7 round-robin record at the 2006 Scott Tournament of Hearts in London, Ontario.
Teams
Draw 1
January 19, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 2
January 20, 10:00 AM AT
Draw 3
January 20, 3:00 PM AT
Draw 4
January 21, 10:00 AM AT
Draw 5
January 21, 3:00 PM AT
Playoffs
Semi Final
January 22, 1:00 PM AT
Final
January 22, 6:00 PM AT
References
Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament Of Hearts, 2006
2006 in Prince Edward Island
Curling in Prince Edward Island
The Lady On The Rock, also known as the White Lady, is a popular plaster statue that is seen in the windows of many residential homes in Dublin city. Its popularity has led to many theories about the meaning and significance of the statue.
Origin
The statue features a reclining woman draped in fabric. Originally made as a clay model by artist Harold Gardiner around 1993, it was then cast in fibreglass by Edward Loughman of RPM Supplies. Gardiner had the mould made so as to gift the statue to friends and family. When Gardiner died in 1995 Loughman cleared out Gardiner's workshop at their widow's request and took the cast of the Lady. Loughman subsequently sold the cast to Vincent Doran of Dublin Mouldings. Since then the statue has been produced and sold by Dublin Mouldings, a shop and workshop on Parnell Street.
Theories of the meaning
The popularity of the statue has led to many theories emerging about the significance of the Lady.  They are most prevalent on the north side of the city, and in areas such as the Liberties. A residence will often have numerous statues, one in each window. Some have suggested that the presence of the statue in a window marks a brothel, that drugs are available for sale, or that protection money has been paid by the resident. Others have suggested that they represent Molly Malone. There is also speculation that they could represent the Virgin Mary or Mary Magdalene.
In popular culture
The Californian artist, Jessie Ward, won the 2010 Darklight Festival's Free Your Film contest for their short film about the Lady. The White Lady art gallery is named after her, and sells versions of the lady painted in different ways. In 2015, a group of secondary school students investigated and created their own versions of the white lady, which were subsequently exhibited in the axis:Ballymun. The statue has also been made into a Christmas decoration.
References
External links
Lady On The Rock by Jessie Ward (Youtube)
Sculptures in Ireland
1993 sculptures
Esther "Abbie" Neal (April 4, 1918-February 15, 2004) was an American musician whose career in country music lasted more than 50 years.
Early years
One of eight children, Neal was the daughter of Mr. And Mrs. Carlton M. Neal of Baxter, Pennsylvania. Them brother taught them to play violin when they were eight years old. By the time they were 12, they were part of a family group playing for square dances. For a time they left the violin to play Hawaiian guitar, but then they returned to the violin, which they played with the DuBois Symphony Orchestra.
Military tours
Neil toured five times in Vietnam during the war there. Overall, they performed for U.S. military personnel from 1944 until 1965, with stops including Greenland, Guam, Hawaii, Japan, Korea, the South Pacific islands, Taiwan, Iwo Jima, Labrador, and Saipan.
Broadcasting
A successful audition made Neal a member of the group Phil Reed and their Golden West Girls on radio station WHJB in Greensburg, Pennsylvania. They stayed there 13 years. Later, Neal had a radio program on WAMO and a television program, both in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, area. In the early 1950s, they were featured on WWVA radio in Wheeling, West Virginia, and on television stations WDTV and WENS in Pittsburgh and WJAC in Johnstown. In the mid-1950s, Neal and their band, The Ranch Girls, were featured on the Old Dominion Barn Dance.
Besides performing music, they worked as a disc jockey on radio in Pittsburgh.
Injury and relocation
Neal was hospitalized for 16 weeks after their hip was broken when the car in which they and a member of their musical group were riding skidded on a wet highway and hit a concrete pillar on December 4, 1951. Word of their situation brought unsolicited responses—over 600 handkerchiefs and monetary donations (which they donated to help handicapped children). After recovering from that injury, they moved to Nevada, where they performed in venues in Elko, Lake Tahoe, and Las Vegas. Neal retired in 1975 after a stint at the Golden Nugget Las Vegas. In retirement they and other retired musicians performed for people in senior centers, hospitals, and convalescent facilities.
Personal life
On October 10, 1953, Neal married Eugene B. Johnson, who was their professional manager and a theatrical agent. For 27, years, Neal was married to Mac McKinnon, who died in 1999.
Death
On February 15, 2004, Neal died of a cancer-related illness at Manor Care Health Services in Reno, Nevada, at age 85.
Legacy
One fan of Neal's disc jockey program on WMAO was young Lugee Sacco, who later changed their name to Lou Christie and achieved success with "Lightning Strikes" and other recordings. They cited the influence of Neal on the harmonies in their successful songs. Although other musical artists influenced them to some extent, they said, "... my music has always had lots of vocal harmonies, and that goes back to Abbie Neal." After Neal retired, Christie reconnected with them and the two formed a 20-year friendship that lasted until their death. With their cooperation, they compiled material from their performances on radio, stage, and TV to produce "Abbie Neal and Them Ranch Girls", their final album.
References
1918 births
2004 deaths
20th-century American women singers
Country musicians from Pennsylvania
Radio personalities from Pennsylvania
20th-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Barkin may refer to:
Barkin, surname of Hebrew origin
Barkin, surname of Basque origin
Barkin Ladi, a local government area in Nigeria
See also
Barkin' Bill Smith, an American singer
Lee Jeong-seok (born 18 April 1967) is a South Korean water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Vignogn is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. The municipalities of Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn, Vella, and Vrin merged on 1 January 2013 into the new municipality of Lumnezia.
History
Vignogn is first mentioned in 1325 as Vinanne. In 1469 it was mentioned as Viends.
Geography
Vignogn had an area, , of . Of this area, 57.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while 31.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 2.7% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (8.6%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Lugnez sub-district of the Surselva district. It consists of the linear village of Vignogn at an elevation of at the foot of the Piz Sezner. Until 1983 Vignogn was known as Vigens.
Demographics
Vignogn had a population (as of 2011) of 170. , 0.6% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -14%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh (88.8%), with German being second most common (10.1%) and French being third ( 0.6%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 53.0% male and 47.0% female. The age distribution, , in Vignogn is; 11 children or 6.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 21 teenagers or 11.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 26 people or 14.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 13 people or 7.3% are between 30 and 39, 22 people or 12.3% are between 40 and 49, and 37 people or 20.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 27 people or 15.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 8 people or 4.5% are between 70 and 79, there are 11 people or 6.1% who are between 80 and 89,and there are 3 people or 1.7% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 71.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (13.4%), the FDP (8.7%) and the SP (6.5%).
In Vignogn about 55.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Vignogn has an unemployment rate of 1.06%. , there were 36 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 15 businesses involved in this sector. 8 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 18 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 8 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Notable residents
Carmen Casanova, Women's Alpine Skier (born 1980 in Vignogn)
References
External links
Official website
Lumnezia
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Dystasia quadratiplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
Athens–Ben Epps Airport is a county-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Athens, a city in Clarke County, Georgia, United States. The airport is named after Ben T. Epps, the first aviator in the state of Georgia, who opened the airport in 1917. It is mostly used for general aviation, though it was formerly served by one commercial airline with scheduled passenger service subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
History
Until May 23, 2008, Athens–Ben Epps Airport was served by twice-daily flights to Charlotte on Air Midwest operating as US Airways Express. SeaPort Airlines was the last airline providing scheduled service to the airport, with daily flights to Nashville. On September 28, 2012, the United States Department of Transportation (USDOT) awarded SeaPort Airlines with daily flights to Nashville replacing GeorgiaSkies. The Athens Airport Authority is currently in negotiations with an unnamed airline to start regional service to the New York City area and Baltimore area.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 3,449 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 5,335 enplanements in 2009, and 5,751 in 2010. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a non-primary commercial service airport (between 2,500 and 10,000 enplanements per year).
In September 2015, a 600-foot, $17 million runway extension project was completed at the airport to accept larger planes, primarily for use by the University of Georgia. The airport received a $750,000 grant from the United States Department of Transportation in 2020 to provide incentives for a commercial airliner to begin services to Athens. After receiving the grant, a local official stated that the airport was negotiating with American Airlines to begin services to Athens.
Facilities and aircraft
Athens–Ben Epps Airport covers an area of 425 acres (172 ha) at an elevation of 808 feet (246 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 2/20 is 3,995 by 100 feet (1,218 x 30 m) and 9/27 is 6,122 by 100 feet (1,866 by 30 meters).
For the 12-month period ending June 30, 2011, the airport had 36,518 aircraft operations, an average of 100 per day: 92% general aviation, 5% air taxi, 3% military, and <1% scheduled commercial, At that time there were 48 aircraft based at this airport: 88% single-engine, 8% multi-engine, 2% jet, and 2% military.
The Falcon Aviation Academy flight school along with the University of Georgia Aviation club (Aviation Club at UGA) is based at the airport. The University of Georgia Athletics Association, specifically the basketball, baseball and softball teams, use the airport as the primary hub for transporting players, coaches, and staff to and from distant away games.
Airlines and destinations
There are no airlines serving Athens at this time.
Statistics
References
Other sources
Essential Air Service documents (Docket DOT-OST-2002-11348) from the U.S. Department of Transportation:
Notice (January 11, 2002): from CCAIR Inc., a Mesa Air Group subsidiary, of intent to discontinue scheduled non-subsidized Essential Air Service between Athens, Georgia and Charlotte, North Carolina, effective April 14, 2002.
Order 2002-2-14 (February 15, 2002): prohibiting CCAIR, Inc. from terminating its unsubsidized services at Athens, Georgia; and requiring the carrier to maintain service between the community and Charlotte, North Carolina, for an initial 30-day period following the end of the notice period; and requesting proposals from carriers interested in providing replacement service at the community.
Order 2004-3-25 (March 23, 2004): selecting Air Midwest, Inc., d/b/a US Airways Express, to provide Essential Air Service (EAS) at Athens, Georgia, for a two-year period at an annual subsidy rate of $392,108, and setting final rates for Air Midwest hold-in service at the community retroactive to June 14, 2003, and ending with the beginning of the two-year rate term.
Order 2006-3-19 (March 22, 2006): re-selecting Air Midwest, Inc., a wholly owned subsidy of Mesa Air Group, Inc., d/b/a US Airways Express, to provide Essential Air Service (EAS) at Athens, Georgia, for the two-year period beginning June 1, 2006.
Order 2007-7-21 (July 26, 2007): selecting Gulfstream International Airlines, Inc. to provide subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) at DuBois and Franklin/Oil City, Pennsylvania, Greenbrier/White Sulphur Springs/Lewisburg, West Virginia, and Athens, Georgia, at a total annual subsidy rate of $4,077,792 ($1,159,229 for DuBois, $763,741 for Franklin/Oil City, $1,329,477 for Greenbrier/White Sulphur Springs/Lewisburg, and $825,345 for Athens) for the two-year period beginning when Gulfstream inaugurates service through the end of the 24th month thereafter.
Order 2008-5-43 (May 29, 2008): selecting Pacific Wings, L.L.C. d/b/a Georgia Skies, to provide subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) at Athens and Macon, with 9-seat Cessna Grand Caravan C 208B turboprop aircraft, for the two-year period beginning when the carrier inaugurates full EAS at both communities, at an annual subsidy of $2,437,692.
Order 2010-10-5 (October 7, 2010): selecting Pacific Wings, L.L.C. d/b/a Georgia Skies, to continue providing subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) at Athens, Georgia, for the two-year period beginning October 1, 2010, at the annual subsidy rate of $1,051,386; and requesting proposals from carriers interested in providing EAS at Macon, Georgia, with or without subsidy, for a new two-year period.
Order 2012-9-27 (September 28, 2012): selecting SeaPort Airlines, Inc., to provide subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) at Athens, Georgia, at annual subsidies of $1,553,093 from October 1, 2012 through September 30, 2013; and $1,630,410 from October 1, 2013 through September 30, 2014.
Order 2014-4-26 (April 24, 2014): directing interested persons to show cause as to why the Department should not terminate the eligibility ... under the Essential Air Service (EAS) program based on criteria passed by Congress in the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law No. 112-95). We find that Athens is within 175 miles of a large or medium hub, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), a large hub, and, thus, is subject to the 10-enplanement statutory criterion. We also find that during fiscal year 2013, Athens generated a total of 3,681 passengers (inbound plus outbound). Consistent with the methodology described above, that results in an average of 5.9 enplanements per day, below the 10-enplanement statutory criterion necessary to remain eligible in the EAS program.
External links
Aerial image as of January 2000 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Georgia (U.S. state)
Former Essential Air Service airports
Buildings and structures in Athens, Georgia
Transportation in Athens, Georgia
The presidium of a session of the National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China is the presiding body of the National People's Congress (NPC).
Composition
It is composed of 178 senior officials of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), the state, non-Communist parties and All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, those without party affiliation, heads of central government agencies and people's organizations, leading members of all the 35 delegations to the NPC session including those from Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and the People's Liberation Army. The presidium is elected during a meeting preceding the sitting of a new session of the NPC, which is presided over by the outgoing Standing Committee of the NPC. In practice, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress drafts a list of candidates, then presides over a preparatory meeting of the NPC that revises and approves the list. After the Presidium has been elected, it presides over the rest of the NPC session. Officers of the presidium include a number of standing chairpeople elected at the first meeting of the presidium. Its functions are defined in the Organic Law of the NPC, but not how it is composed.
Functions and powers
The presidium schedules sessions of the NPC, and decides the procedure of voting on bills and proposals. It also nominates for election by the NPC the:
President and Vice President of China
Chairman, Vice-Chairperson, and Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the NPC
Chairman of the Central Military Commission
President of the Supreme People's Court
Prosector General of the Supreme People's Procuratorate
References
National People's Congress
Joanne Ryan is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2006 and All Ireland medals in 2001 (when they scored a point in both finals), 2003 and 2004 when they captained the team and scored the match-winning goal.
Career
They played in six successive All Ireland finals for Tipperary winning five All Ireland medals, captaining the team in 2001, 2002, 2003 and captaining the team in 2004. They also won two Munster senior titles, two Munster minor titles, a County Club title, and the Tipperary Sports Person of the Year in 2004.
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hans Bernhard Skaset (born 10 April 1935) is a Norwegian civil servant and sports official.
They were born in Åfjord. They competed in athletics and was national champion in pentathlon and decathlon. They were a professor at the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences from 1975 to 1991. They chaired the Norwegian Athletics Federation from 1976 to 1983. They were president of the Norwegian Confederation of Sports from 1984 to 1990. Representing Kolbotn IL, they chaired the Norwegian Athletics Association from 1977 to 1983.
References
1935 births
Living people
People from Åfjord
Norwegian decathletes
Norwegian sports executives and administrators
Karacasu, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Bornu may refer to:
Bornu Empire, a historical state of West Africa
Borno State, Nigeria
Sphodromantis aethiopica, common name Ethiopian mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Aethiopica
Mantodea of Africa
Insects of Ethiopia
Insects described in 1987
Anavrtti () is a Vedic term which means – non-return to a body, final emancipation. This word refers to the Jivanmukta.
Overview
Anavrtti means path of no return. It indicates the non-return of the soul to a new body, and refers to the end of the seemingly endless vicious cycle of birth, death and rebirth, the transmigration of soul from one body to another. Badarayana concludes with the statement: - अनावृत्तिः शब्दादनावृत्तिः शब्दात् || (Brahma sutra IV.iv.22) – "There is no return for the released souls on the strength of the upanishadic declaration". This word, characterized by no return, is very common in Vedanta literature.
Upanishadic connection
Before concluding their deliberation on Brahman, Badarayana explains that the released souls are of two kinds – with or without bodies and senses; that the released soul gets all the divine powers except running the universe, and that Brahman does not abide in the effect as shown by Chandogya Upanishad (III.xii.6) –
तावानस्य महिमा ततो ज्यायाश्च पूरुषः |
पादोऽस्य सर्वा भूतानि त्रिपादस्यामृतं दिवि ||
" Their divine majesty spreads that far; the whole universe of all these beings is but a quadrant of His. But Purusa (the infinite Being) is greater than that, Their three immortal quadrants being established in Their own effulgence."
They state that Brahman is the supreme Light beyond all changing things with which there is equality of experience alone. Having reached that state there is no return for the released soul. In this context Sankara states that Badarayana reiterates - तेषां न पुनरावृत्तिः ("They no more return to this world") (Brihadaranyaka Upanishad VI.ii.15) or न च पुनरावर्तते ("He does not return again") (Chandogya Upanishad VIII.xv.1), and adds that non-return stands as an accomplished fact for those from whom the darkness of ignorance has been completely removed as a result of their full illumination and who therefore cling to that liberation as their highest goal which exists ever as an already established fact; the non-return of those who take refuge in the qualified Brahman becomes a fact only because they too have that unconditioned Brahman as their ultimate resort.
Rig Vedic connection
The concept of Anavrtti has a direct relation with the concept of Transmigration of Souls. Ramachandra Dattatrya Ranade in their book, A Constructive Survey of Upanishadic Philosophy finds the concept of Transmigration of Souls developing in the Rig Veda. They draw our attention to the following mantras of Sukta 164 of Rishi Dirghatamas:-
को ददर्श प्रथमं जायमानमस्थन्वन्तं यदनस्था बिभर्ति |
भूम्या असुरसृगात्मा क्वं स्वित्को विद्वांसमुपगात्प्रष्टमेतत् ||
whereby the Rishi asks, who has ever seen the precise mode in which the boneless soul, the very life-blood and informing spirit of the earth, comes to inhabit a bony tenement? And if a man did not know this himself, who has ever moved out of themselves and gone to the wise man to receive illumination on it? (Rig Veda I.164.4), that
अनच्छये तुरगातु जीवमेजद्ध्रुवं मध्य आ पस्त्यानाम् |
जीवो मृतस्य चरति स्वधाभिरमत्र्यो मत्र्येना सयोनिः ||
this breathing, speedful, moving life-principle is firmly established inside these tenements (Rig Veda I.164.30), that
अपाङ् प्राङेति स्वधया गृभीतोऽमत्र्यो मत्रेना सयोनिः |
ता शश्वन्ता विषूचीना वियन्तान्य१न्यं चिक्युर्न नि चिक्युरन्यम् ||
the immortal principle, conjoined with the mortal one, moves backwards and forwards by virtue of its natural power; these two elements keep moving ceaselessly in opposite directions, with the result that people are able to see the one but are unable to see the other (Rig Veda I.164.38); that
अपश्यं गोपामनिपद्यमानमा च परा च पथिभिश्चरन्तम् |
स सध्रीचोः स विषूचीर्वसान आ वरीवर्त्ति भुवनेष्वन्तः ||
the Rishi tells us they themselves saw (with their mind's eye) the guardian of the body, moving unerringly by backward and forward paths, clothed in collected and diffusive splendor, only to keep returning frequently inside the mundane regions (Rig Veda I.164.31);
ये अर्वाञ्च्स्ताँ उ पराच आहुर्ये पराञ्च्स्ताँ उ अर्वाच आहुः |
इन्द्रश्च वा चक्रथुः सोम तानि धुरा न युक्ता रजसो वहन्ति ||
and talks of those who come hither as those who are moving away, and those who are moving back as already returning hither (Rig Veda I.164.19)
Implication
Ramachandra Dattatrya Ranade clarifies that whenever there is recognized the possibility of the soul coming to inhabit a body as a god-like principle from without, wherever it is supposed that the soul could likewise part from the body as it came, wherever it is thought that the soul after parting from the body could lead a life of disembodied existence, and wherever it is supposed to return again to the earth and inhabit any form of existence whatsoever, there is a kind of undying life conceived for the soul. Sankara explains that the competent man, while performing all prescribed things in the householders life itself, living in the way described, to the end of their life, attains after death the world of Brahman and does not return again for becoming embodied. From the negation of return (न च पुनरावर्तते) which must occur as a matter of course, it follows that having reached the world of Hiranyagarbha through the Path of Light etc., they stay there as long as the world of Hiranyagarbha lasts, i.e. before that they do not return. The choice is the psychic death, the death that means the business of realization of our otherness out of love of true liberation, which is achieved by knowledge that even transcends abstract reason.
Nature of Liberation
The Jivanmukta on exhaustion of the Prarabdha karma attains Videha mukti (freedom from the body) at death and becomes one with Brahman. At the time of death the functions of the organs (Speech etc.) are merged in the mind (Brahma Sutras IV.ii.1). Then the mind is merged in Prana, and the Prana (the vital force) gets merged in the Jiva (the individual Soul) (Brahma Sutras IV.ii.3-4). This mode of departure is common for both the knower of the Saguna Brahman and the ignorant up to the beginning of their ways leading to immortality because it is something pertaining to this life. The subtle body lasts up to the attainment of Brahman. Pranas of the knower of the Nirguna Brahman do not depart from the individual soul, the soul passes out of the body with the Pranas which become merged in Brahman, and absolute non-distinction with Brahman takes place – अविभागः, वचनात् (Brahma Sutras IV.ii.16). The soul of the knower of the Saguna Brahman comes to the heart at the time of death and thence goes out through the Susumna; it then follows the rays of the sun after death and goes to Brahmaloka – रश्म्यनुसारी (Brahma Sutras VI.ii.18). The texts refer to different paths and give their descriptions but Badarayana tells us that they refer to and give only different particulars of the same path – अर्चिरादिना, तत्प्रथितेः (Brahma Sutras IV.iii.1)
Impersonal immortality
Mundaka Upanishad (III.ii.6-9) states that at the supreme moment of final departure having become identified with the supreme Immortality (Brahman) they pure in mind become freed on every side. To their resources repair the fifteen constituents (of the body) and to their respective gods go all the gods (of the senses), and the karmas and the soul that stimulates the intellect, all become unified with the supreme Undecaying (परेऽव्यये). As rivers, flowing down, become indistinguishable on reaching the sea by giving up their names and forms, so also the illumined soul, having become freed from name and form, reaches the self-effulgent Purusa that is higher than the higher Immutable; this Self is not attained by one devoid of strength, nor through delusion, nor through knowledge unassociated with monasticism, but the Self of that knower, who strives through these means, enters into the abode that is Brahman (ब्रह्मधाम). This is absorption in divinity, this is the Doctrine of Impersonal Immortality. Kaushitaki Upanishad (I.4) tells us that when the soul comes to the Path of the Gods, the soul first goes to the world of Fire, then to the world of the Wind, to the world of Varuna, to that of the Sun, of Indra, of Prajapati, and finally to the world of Brahman. The soul knowing Brahman crosses the Ageless river merely by the motion of the mind and being free from good and free from evil moves towards Brahman.
References
Vedas
Upanishads
Vedanta
Hindu philosophical concepts
Sanskrit words and phrases
Det femte väderstrecket ("The Fifth Cardinal direction") was a Swedish TV series with the Hej hej sommar-host Nic Schröder, broadcast together with the 2008 "Sommarlovsmorgon" Hej hej sommar in Sveriges Television.
Plot
Sandra Dahlberg and "Svante" host Hej hej sommar, and they work together with Nic for "Sektion SG", Sektion för särskilt granskande ("Section for special investigation"). The whole summer Nic looks for an instrument which may help them to find "the fifth cardinal direction" and every week they have to report to Sandra. The ornithologist Love Ostberg (played by Niklas Bergström) helps Nic.
References and sources
Sveriges Television's website
Det femte väderstrecket on Swedish Media Database
Sveriges Television original programming
Swedish children's television series
2000s Swedish television series
The Liberal Democratic Party (, PLD), also called Balmacedists, was a liberal party in Chile. It was one of the main actors of the Chilean parliamentary system from 1891 to 1925.
Liberal Democratic Party or balmacedist 1893–1933
The Liberal Democratic Party or balmacedist was formed on 5 November 1893 during a convention in Talca. It assembled former supporters of president José Manuel Balmaceda. Its party platform was a return to a strong presidency like those previous to the 1891 Chilean Civil War.
The LDP would split into the LDP-Aliancist, supporters of Arturo Alessandri and the LDP-Unionist, the opposers to Alessandri. It lasted until 1930, when it merged into the United Liberal Party. After the downfall of president Carlos Ibáñez in 1931 it rearranged as an independent party before finally merging into the Liberal Party in 1933.
Results in parliamentary elections
Presidential candidates
The following is a list of the presidential candidates supported by the Liberal Democratic Party (balmacedist). (Information gathered from the Archive of Chilean Elections).
1896: Vicente Reyes (lost)
1901: Germán Riesco (won)
1906: Fernando Lazcano (lost)
1910: Ramón Barros Luco (won)
1915: Juan Luis Sanfuentes (won)
1920: Arturo Alessandri (won), Luis Barros Borgoño (lost)
1925: Emiliano Figueroa (won)
1927: none
1931: Arturo Alessandri (lost)
1932: Enrique Zañartu Prieto (lost)
See also
:Category:Liberal Democratic Party (Chile, 1893) politicians
Liberal Party (Chile, 1849–1966)
Liberal Democratic Party (Chile, 1875-1886)
Liberalism and radicalism in Chile
References
Liberal parties in Chile
Political parties established in 1893
Political parties disestablished in 1933
Defunct political parties in Chile
1893 establishments in Chile
1933 disestablishments in Chile
Neutrophil swarming is a type of coordinated neutrophil movement that acts in response to acute tissue inflammation or infection. The term comes from the swarming characteristics of insects that are similar to the behavior of neutrophils in response to an infection. These processes have mostly been studied in tissues of mice and studies of mouse ear tissue has proved to be very effective at observing neutrophil movement. Neutrophil swarming typically aggregates at surface layers of tissue so the thin nature of the mouse ear tissue makes for a good model to study this process. Additionally, zebrafish larvae have been used for the study of neutrophil movement mainly because of their translucence during the first few days of their development. With transgenic lines that fluorescently label zebrafish neutrophils, the cells can be tracked by epifluorescence or confocal microscopy during the course of an inflammatory response. Through this method, specific subpopulations of neutrophils can be tracked and their origin and fate during the induction and resolution of inflammation is observed. Another advantage for using zebrafish to study neutrophil swarming is that adaptive immunity for this organism does not develop until around 4 weeks of age. This allows for the study of neutrophil movement and other host immune responses independent of adaptive immune responses.
Variations
A study of the lymph nodes of mice that were infected by injection of parasites into their earflaps revealed two types of neutrophil swarming: transient and persistent swarms. Transient swarms are characterized by groups of 10-150 neutrophils forming multiple small cell clusters within 10-40 minutes that quickly dispersed. Persistent swarms showed clusters of more than 300 neutrophils and recruitment lasted for more than 40 minutes. For both the transient and persistent swarms, the formed neutrophil clusters appeared to be competing with each other with the larger clusters attracting neutrophils from the smaller clusters. The study also revealed two distinct phases in swarm formation. The first phase occurs when a small number of “pioneer” neutrophils respond to an initial signal and form small clusters and this is followed by the second phase where there are a large scale migration of neutrophils leading to the growth of multiple cell clusters.
The exact size or duration of swarms depends on the specific inflammatory conditions as well as the tissue type of the infection location. Several factors that influence the swarm phenotype are: the size of the initial tissue damage, the presence of pathogens, the induction of secondary cell death, and the number of recruited neutrophils. A study that compared large scale tissue damage of sterile mouse tissue by a needle prick with small injuries by a laser beam showed that the needle prick provoked a larger and longer swarm response. After the needle injury, hundreds to thousands of neutrophils were recruited that formed stable cell clusters that sometimes were prolonged for days. In comparison, the neutrophil swarms resulting from the laser induced injury only recruited around 50-330 neutrophils which persisted for a few hours. The presence of pathogens can also increase the size of neutrophil swarms, not necessarily because of their presence as a foreign body, but because of the additional cell death that they can cause in infection sites. When cells are lysed in an infection site, they release an assortment of signaling factors that augment the recruitment of neutrophils to the site. Additionally, neutrophil death during a swarm releases more signaling factors to recruit more neutrophils so the initial amount of neutrophils recruited plays a role in how large the propagation effect is during swarming.
Stages
Stages 1-3
The neutrophil swarming process is categorized into 5 phases: swarm initiation, swarm amplification, additional swarm amplification through intercellular signaling, swarm aggregation and tissue remodeling, and recruitment of myeloid cells and swarm resolution. The first stage of neutrophil swarming details the “pioneer” neutrophils responding to an infection or inflammation site. The neutrophils close to the injury will switch from random motility to chemotactic movement within a period of 5-15 minutes and swarm towards the infection site. In the second stage, the pioneer neutrophils attract a second wave of neutrophils that come from more distant regions of the tissue. The methods of movement to the region of injury depends on the tissue environment the neutrophils are moving towards. Neutrophil swarming in extravascular spaces such as the connective tissue in the skin involves movement without the assistance of integrin proteins and neutrophil attraction by a gradient of chemoattractants. Neutrophils will be guided by the forces generated by the actomyosin cytoskeleton through the path of the least resistance to the site of infection. However, for intravascular tissue environments, neutrophil movement is dependent on integrins and chemoattractant signals on the luminal surface of endothelial cells. In this process, distant neutrophils will be recruited by an inflammatory signal and perform integrin-mediated crawling along the vascular walls to reach the neutrophil swarming sites.
In the third stage, swarming neutrophils can amplify their recruitment in a feed forward manner through intercellular communication by leukotriene B4 (LTB4). The propagation of neutrophil recruitment leads to multiple, dense neutrophil cell clusters at the site of inflammation. A 2013 study showed that neutrophils lacking the high affinity receptor for LTB4 (LTB4R1) decreased the recruitment of neutrophils at later stages of swarming. In addition, proximal cells to the inflammation site showed chemotaxis similar to the control cells while distant cells were poorly attracted. This finding suggests that the proximal neutrophils that are recruited early on are not affected by the lack of LTB4R1, but distant neutrophils that are required for the propagation of neutrophil swarming are not able to be recruited to the swarming site. These results present LTB4 as a key signaling molecule for a prolonged neutrophil swarm response and recruitment of neutrophils from distant areas of the tissue.
Stages 4-5
After stages 1-3, neutrophils slow down in the cell clusters and begin to form aggregates. In this fourth stage, the neutrophil aggregates will aid in rearranging the surrounding extracellular tissue area and create a collagen-free zone at the inflammation center eventually resulting in a wound seal which isolates the site from the rest of the tissue. The exact mechanisms of this are unknown but it is believed that neutrophil proteases from the cell clusters play a role in clearing out the surrounding tissue environment. These neutrophil aggregates become stable as opposed to the constant movement in stages 1-3 by development of high chemoattractant concentrations within the clusters that promote local neutrophil interactions within the cluster. Additionally, neutrophils are switched to an adhesive mode of migration within clusters which further stabilize the aggregates and can prevent neutrophils from leaving the cluster. This switch is believed to be caused by additional secretions of LTB4 and other chemoattractants within the neutrophil aggregates.
In stage 5, the swarming response terminates and the clusters dissolve with the resolution of inflammation. Little is known about the mechanisms of this stage but the process may be regulated by neutrophils or external factors from the tissue environment. In a laser-induced skin injury model, neutrophil aggregation typically stopped after 40-60 minutes which occurs at the same time as the appearance of secondary myeloid cell swarms. Knock-in mice studies have shown that the myeloid cells move slower than neutrophils and assemble around the neutrophil aggregates during this stage. These myeloid cells may disrupt the propagation signals of neutrophil chemoattractants or to create competing attractants in the tissue space so that the neutrophil aggregation is less strong.
References
Cell biology
The Vijay Hazare Trophy, (officially known as Mastercard Vijay Hazare trophy for sponsorship reasons) also known as the Ranji One-Day Trophy, was started in 2002-03 as a limited-overs cricket domestic competition involving state teams from the Ranji Trophy plates. It is named after the legendary Indian cricketer Vijay Hazare.
Tamil Nadu is the most successful team having won the trophy 5 times. Himachal Pradesh are the current champions (2021-2022) who won their 1st title beating Tamil Nadu in the finals.
In January 2021, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced that the tournament would take place after the 2020–21 Ranji Trophy was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Format
Until the 2014-15 season, 28 teams are split into 5 zonal groups as follows:
After playing each team in the group once, the five winners and the best performing runner-up qualify for the quarter final stage directly, while the four other runners-up play in the preliminary quarter finals. The two winners of pre-quarter finals join the remaining six teams in the quarter final stage. From the 2015-16 to 2017-18 season, the zonal groups were replaced with 4 groups of 7 each.
From 2018-19 season, the teams were divided into 3 elite groups and 1 plate group. The 2 top elite group had 9 teams while 3rd elite group has 10 team. Plate group consists of 9 new teams. Teams are grouped based on average points in preceding 3 seasons.
Tournament history
From the tournament's inaugural edition during the 1993–94 season through to the 2001–02 season, no finals were held, and teams consequently played only within their zones, with no overall winner named.
During the 2002–03 and 2003–04 seasons, a final round-robin stage was held for the top teams in each zone. Since the 2004–05 tournament, a playoff format including semi-finals and a final has been held, with varying formats.
References
External links
Indian domestic cricket competitions
List A cricket competition
Sport in India
The three-axis acceleration switch is a micromachined microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) sensor that detects whether an acceleration event has exceeded a predefined threshold. It is a small, compact device, only 5mm by 5mm, and measures acceleration in the x, y, and z axes. It was developed by the Army Research Laboratory for the purposes of traumatic brain injury (TBI) research and was first introduced in 2012 at the 25th International Conference on Micro Electro Mechanical Systems (MEMS).
The three-axis acceleration switch was designed to obtain acceleration data more effectively than a conventional accelerometer in order to more accurately characterize the forces and shocks responsible for TBI. While miniature accelerometers require a constant power draw, the three-axis acceleration switch only draws current when it senses an acceleration event, using up less energy and allowing the use of smaller batteries. The three-axis acceleration switch has shown to exhibit an expected battery lifetime that is about 100 times better than that of a digital accelerometer. In return, however, the acceleration switch has a lower resolution than that of a digital or analog accelerometer.
One potential application of the three-axis acceleration switch is in studying the head impacts of players in high-risk contact sports. Due to the size of conventional accelerometers, measuring the acceleration requires the device to be implemented inside the player's helmet, which is designed to mitigate the collision forces and thus may not accurately reflect the true level of injury potential. In contrast, the miniature nature of the acceleration switch makes it easier for the switch to be affixed directly onto the participant's head.
References
Accelerometers
Transducers
Microelectronic and microelectromechanical systems
Guerrilla Funk is the third studio album by American rapper Paris. It was released on October 4, 1994, via Priority Records, and has been re-released in a limited 2003 release subtitled The Deluxe Edition via Guerrilla Funk Recordings; it was digitally enhanced, reworked, and contains alternate versions.
Track listing
Sample credits
"Outta My Life"
"Yearning for Your Love" by The Gap Band
"Bring It To Ya"
"Knucklehead" by Grover Washington Jr.
"Guerilla Funk"
"(Not Just) Knee Deep" by Funkadelic
"Dukey Stick" by George Duke
"The Big Bang Theory" by Parliament
"It's Real"
"(Not Just) Knee Deep" by Funkadelic
"Atomic Dog" by George Clinton
"One Time Fo' Ya Mind"
"Think (About It)" by Lyn Collins
"Whatcha See?"
"Hold It Now, Hit It" by Beastie Boys
"I Get Around" by 2Pac
Personnel
Oscar Jerome Jackson, Jr. – main artist, producer
Carla "CMG" Green – vocals (track 6)
Karryl "Special One" Smith – vocals (track 6)
Da Old Skool – vocals (track 9)
Eric Bertraud – saxophone
Eric Dodd – engineering
Todd D. Smith – artwork
Victor Hall – photography
Chart history
References
External links
Guerrilla Funk The Deluxe Edition on Guerrilla Funk Recordings
1994 albums
G-funk albums
Paris (rapper) albums
Priority Records albums
Political music albums by American artists
Manketsi Mamoabi Emily Tlhape is a South African politician who has been an African National Congress (ANC) Member of the National Assembly of South Africa since 2019.
Political career
Tlhape had served as a Member of the Executive Council (MEC) in the North West provincial government. In December 2018, they were fired as an MEC by premier Job Mokgoro over reports that they stole cattle meant for emerging farmers.
Tlhape was elected to the National Assembly from the ANC's national list in the 2019 general election.
References
External links
Profile at Parliament of South Africa
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tswana people
Members of the North West Provincial Legislature
Women members of provincial legislatures of South Africa
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Women members of the National Assembly of South Africa
The Vortex Bar and Grill is a restaurant in Atlanta, Georgia, with two locations, in Midtown on Peachtree Street, originally opened in 1992, and Little Five Points, opened in 1996 and distinguished by the large "Laughing Skull" entrance. The restaurant is famous for its burgers and has been featured on Season 1 of the Travel Channel's Man vs. Food.
More recently, the Midtown location has also become the home of the Laughing Skull Lounge, a small comedy club and theatre.
In Pop Culture
The Little Five Points restaurant appears as a meeting place in Frost Moon by Anthony Francis.
It also appears in Charity Langley's fictional novel Wicked Intentions as the main character's favorite restaurant.
References
External links
http://thevortexatl.com/
Landmarks in Atlanta
Restaurants in Atlanta
Restaurants established in 1992
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1974 and 1977, following the (first) direct elections of 1974.
Composition
Sources
List
1970s in Belgium
Striglina strigosa is a species of moth of the family Thyrididae. It is found in India.
References
Moths of Asia
Thyrididae
Karen Tinnelly is a camogie player, winner of a Soaring Star award in 2009.
References
Living people
Down camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Atac (styled ATAC) is a brand of predominantly food stores operating supermarkets, created by the Docks de France in 1982, and a subsidiary of the Auchan Group since 1998.
The idea of the Atac concept was a supermarket which was near bare, with no frills and low prices. One of their slogans was "ATAC, attack prices". Most Atac stores disappeared in 2009, when most stores took the name and brand of Simply Market. There are today still around 80 Atac stores left, mainly in Bourgogne, which are owned by the associated group Schiever.
History
In 1959, the first Docks de France supermarket is opened in Bagneux.
In 1982, the Docks de France group built and tested the first store under the name of Atac. In 1985, after the success of the first Atac store, the group embarked on the construction of a network of this brand, respecting the specifications.
In 1996, the Auchan Group took over the Docks de France group, and former supermarket outlets, such as Super-Market and Suma Doc, were rebranded. Franchisees entered the fold of the Auchan group during this operation.
In 1998, the ATAC Group, a sibling of the Auchan Group, was created.
In 2009, the transformation of most Atac supermarkets in France to Simply Market began.
References
Supermarkets of France
French brands
Retail companies established in 1982
"Home Means Nevada" is the state anthem of the U.S. state of Nevada. It was written by Bertha Rafetto in 1932 and officially adopted by the Nevada Legislature in 1933 as the official state song.
Lyrics
Way out in the land of the setting sun,
Where the wind blows wild and free,
There's a lovely spot, just the only one
That means home sweet home to me.
If you follow the old Kit Carson trail,
Until desert meets the hills,
Oh you certainly will agree with me,
It's the land of a thousand thrills.
Home means Nevada,
Home means the hills,
Home means the sage and the pine.
Out by the Truckee's silvery rills,
Out where the sun always shines,
There is the land that I love the best,
Fairer than all I can see.
Right in the heart of the golden west
Home, means Nevada to me.
Whenever the sun at the close of day,
Colors all the western sky,
Oh my heart returns to the desert grey
And the mountains tow'ring high.
Where the moon beams play in shadowed glen,
With the spotted fawn and doe,
All the live long night until morning light,
Is the loveliest place I know.
Home means Nevada,
Home means the hills,
Home means the sage and the pines.
Out by the Truckee's silvery rills,
Out where the sun always shines,
There is the land that I love the best,
Fairer than all I can see.
Right in the heart of the golden west
Home means Nevada to me.
Right in the heart of the golden west
Home means Nevada to me.
Notable performances
April Meservy released this song as a single in 2016 and later in 2017.
References
External links
Listen to MIDI.
Nevada
Music of Nevada
Songs about Nevada
1932 songs
The women's 48 kilograms weightlifting event is the lightest women's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 48 kilograms of body mass. The competition took place on August 9 at 10:00 and was the first Weightlifting event to conclude. It was the second set of medals to be awarded at the Games, a few moments after the women's 10m Air Rifle.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Chen Xiexia and Sibel Özkan initially won the gold and the silver medals, but in 2016 their results were annulled due to a doping violation from a reanalysis of samples from 2008.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
Chen Xiexia of China originally won the gold medal, but they were disqualified following a positive anti-doping test of their 2008 sample.
Sibel Özkan of Turkey originally won the silver medal, but they were disqualified following a positive anti-doping test of their 2008 sample. On 1 December 2016, the Court of Arbitration for Sport dismissed Özkan's final appeal.
New records
References
Page 2627
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Women's events at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olymp
Urban Air was an aircraft manufacturer based in the Czech Republic.
The company was a manufacturer of light sport and ultralight aircraft and employed 40 people. The company was founded in 1998 by five partners. Their first prototype made its inaugural flight in May 1996, thus pre-dating the company by two years. It had been in the design and production stages since 1992, when Pavel Urban, Karel Faltus, and Ing. Miloš Mládek started design. They were also assisted by Schempp-Hirth.
Production of the company's designs was taken up by Distar Air of Ústí nad Orlicí, Czech Republic.
Aircraft
Urban Air designed and built two aircraft types, the Lambada and the Samba. Both can be equipped with a tow hook to tow gliders aloft. In addition, parachute recovery systems are an option. The aircraft are made of fiberglass and carbon fiber composite materials. They are designed so as to be quickly disassembled and trailered for ground transport.
Lambada
The Lambada, officially called the UFM 13 Lambada, was the company's first airplane. It had been in design stages since 1992, and the prototype's first flight was on 23 May 1996. The design was based on that of gliders so as to enhance performance. The aircraft comes with wing extenders that increase the wingspan to 15 meters. It also has flaps and spoilers. It is a single-engine, taildragger monoplane.
Samba
The Samba was the company's second aircraft. It took off on its first test flight in June 1999. It is made primarily of carbon laminate. The Samba is, like the Lambada, a single-engine monoplane, but has tricycle gear instead of the traditional taildragger gear. An improved version, the Samba XXL has been in production since 2004.
See also
Light aircraft manufacturers in the Czech Republic
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Official website archives on Archive.org
Aircraft manufacturers of the Czech Republic and Czechoslovakia
USS Pokagon has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:
, later YTB-274, a harbor tug in service from 1943 to 1946
, later YTM-746, a harbor tug in Navy service from 1952 to 1964
, a harbor tug in service since 1975
United States Navy ship names
The Netherlands Carillon is a 127-foot (39-m) tall campanile housing a 53-bell carillon located in Arlington, Virginia. The instrument and tower were given in the 1950s "From the People of the Netherlands to the People of the United States of America" to thank the United States for its contributions to the liberation of the Netherlands from Nazi Germany in 1945 and for its economic aid in the years after. The Netherlands Carillon is a historic property listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of Arlington Ridge Park, which is part of the George Washington Memorial Parkway. It is owned and operated by the National Park Service. The carillon is situated on a ridge overlooking the Potomac River and Washington, DC, and it provides expansive views of the National Mall, West Potomac Park (its original, temporary location), and Arlington National Cemetery. Its adjacency to the Marine Corps War Memorial to the north and Arlington National Cemetery to the south draws 1.2 million visitors annually, including recreational visitors from Rosslyn's residential areas. Throughout the day, the carillon automatically plays the Westminster Quarters. On significant days of the year in Dutch and American culture, it plays automated concerts, and from June to August, the director-carillonist Edward Nassor hosts a concert series whereby visiting carillonists perform weekly concerts on the instrument.
History
In late 1951, Govert L. Verheul, press officer of the Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs in The Hague, proposed that the Netherlands present a gift to the United States to commemorate their actions during and after World War II and as a symbol of the two countries' lasting friendship. They came up with the idea of gifting a carillon when washing dishes one night and accidentally clinking wine glasses together. Consequently, a large-scale fundraising campaign was launched, and it received an enthusiastic response. It was eventually endorsed by Queen Juliana. On April 4, 1952, they visited the United States to present a small silver bell to President Harry S. Truman as a token of the carillon that was to come. In ceremonies at Meridian Hill Park in Washington, DC, the queen spoke of the importance of the small bells of the future instrument:
Two years later, forty-nine bells arrived and were installed in West Potomac Park, where they were formally accepted by the United States. The Netherlands did not initially have the money to provide a proper campanile for the carillon, so it was housed in a temporary structure. Gerrit Rietveld, a Dutch furniture designer and architect, was approached to design the campanile, but they were eventually removed from the project because of their perceived communist sympathies. Instead, renowned Dutch architect Joost W. C. Boks designed the carillon's permanent home. The tower was erected just north of Arlington National Cemetery and south of the Marine Corps War Memorial and was completed by early 1960. The carillon and new tower received a formal dedication ceremony on May 5, 1960, or the fifteenth anniversary of Dutch Liberation Day. The inaugural concert was performed by renowned carillonist Charles T. Chapman.
A tulip library was planted in a circular bed immediately to the east of the plaza in 1964, also a gift from the Netherlands. A small successional woodland to the southwest forms the backdrop to the carillon as a result of the 1960s National Capital Parks Planting Plan. Additional landscaped beds in the form of musical notes were planted in 1967 and 1972 as part of Lady Bird Johnson's Beautification Program, with a variety of annuals and perennials, in addition to tulips. The program also planted the horseshoe of trees for the campanile's backdrop.
After its dedication in 1960, the carillon was seldom played. It only performed for Easter Sunday services sponsored by the Arlington Ministerial Association. The few performances were by Frank Péchin Law. They assumed the position of director-carillonist after their instrumental involvement in establishing the "Summer Series of Recitals on the Netherlands Carillon" in July 1963, sponsored by the US Department of the Interior. Every Saturday from July through August, the carillon is played by a guest carillonist, invited by the director-carillonist. In the early 1970s, the Netherlands Carillon was repainted from a dark bronze to a gray blue color. In 1983, less than twenty-five years after the carillon's construction and after years of pressure from Mr. Law, a major renovation was undertaken to address deterioration of the tower's steel panels. The National Park Service announced a $300,000 () renovation plan for the instrument in 1981, but budget issues delayed the project. Again, the tower was repainted the light gray blue color, neither time with the approval of the Commission of Fine Arts. Upon Mr. Law's death in 1985, the Netherlands Carillon fell silent until Edward M. Nassor took over the position of director-carillonist in 1987.
In the years before the fiftieth anniversary of Dutch Liberation Day in 1995, a group of prominent Dutch business people established a foundation to assist in the refurbishment of the carillon and tower, which had not seen major care since 1970. They were motivated by the significance of the meaning behind the Netherlands Carillon to lead this effort. By teaming up with the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce in the United States, the Netherland-America Foundation, and the government of the Netherlands, approximately $1,400,000 () was raised for the project to move forward. The tower was closed for modernization changes, and the original dark bronze color of the tower was restored. The bells were transported to the Netherlands to be repaired by Royal Eijsbouts, except for the largest thirteen, which remained in the tower and were repaired in place. The original playing keyboard was replaced. Royal Eijsbouts also cast a fiftieth bell in celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of Dutch liberation. It was presented by Dutch Prime Minister Wim Kok to U.S. President Bill Clinton on February 28, 1995, and the renovated carillon was dedicated on May 5, 1995. After receiving the new bell, President Clinton commented on its significance:
The Netherlands Carillon found itself in bad shape again less than twenty years later. Due to severe rusting and fears of structural instability, the tower was closed to the public in the early 2010s. In 2016, the National Park Service and Royal Netherlands Embassy launched a campaign to fundraise money for a $5,800,000 () restoration of the carillon. The Park Service committed $4 million. In October 2019, the third renovation of the carillon was officially launched. The National Park Service was tasked with work on the tower, while the Royal Netherlands Embassy was tasked with work on the carillon. The carillon was transported to the Royal Eijsbouts foundry and arrived on December 3, 2019. In celebration of the Dutch "75 Years of Freedom" campaign, the carillon received three new bells with each dedicated to an American who had a significant impact on Dutch and American society: General George C. Marshall, Martin Luther King Jr., and Eleanor Roosevelt. The addition of these three bells converted the carillon to a concert pitch instrument and upgraded it to "grand carillon" status. The tower required extensive restorative work to the steel plates and inner structure of the tower. Additional supports were installed to account for the added weight of the three new bells.
The first carillon at the Arlington National Cemetery was installed by Amvets in 1949 and dedicated by President Truman.
Design and symbolism
Carillon
In the early 1950s, there were three major Dutch bells founders: Van Bergen, Royal Eijsbouts and Petit & Fritsen. In order to avoid showing favoritism, all three founders were asked to cast the original forty-nine bells jointly and anonymously between 1952 and 1953. The total weight of the bells is , ranging from for the bourdon (i.e. largest) bell and for the smallest. The bells are constructed of a bronze alloy of approximately four-fifths copper and one-fifth tin. Each bell carries an emblem signifying a group within Dutch society. The verses cast on the bells were composed by the Dutch poet, Ben van Eysselsteijn.
A fiftieth bell, cast by Royal Eijsbouts, was added following Dutch- and American-sponsored renovations in 1995, and dedicated on May 5, the fiftieth anniversary of the liberation of the Netherlands. It is two semitones higher in pitch than the lightest of the original forty-nine bells. The years "1945" and "1995" and the words "freedom" and "friendship" are inscribed on this bell.
The 2019–21 renovation increased the size of the carillon to fifty-three bells, all cast by Royal Eijsbouts, and converted the instrument to concert pitch. These three additional bells are dedicated jointly to "75 Years of Freedom" and individually to people who had a major impact on the Netherlands and the United States during and after World War II: 1) General George C. Marshall for their role in the Marshall Plan, from which the Netherlands received over $1 billion for post-war reconstruction efforts; 2) the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., for their role as the voice of the American civil rights movement; and 3) Eleanor Roosevelt, for their role as an advocate for social justice and human rights.
Tower
The carillon's bells hang dead in a tower approximately high, long, and wide. The original plans had called for the structure to be tall, but was then reduced after receiving concerns about its height in relationship to the Lincoln Memorial from the Commission of Fine Arts. The tower is an open steel structure reinforced by steel plates and a bronze baked-enamel finish. It was designed by renowned Dutch architect Joost W. C. Boks (1904–1986) and constructed in 1960. At the base of the tower, a rectangular staircase leads to an observation deck off the ground. From there, a spiral staircase winds further upward to a second observatory off the ground. The playing cabin sits in the center of the upper observation deck. At the base of the tower, a large inscription reads "From the People of the Netherlands to the People of the United States of America." The interconnecting lines and rectangles of the structure's frame echo the work of Dutch abstract painter Piet Mondrian. The tower's design also reflects the rejection of classical European architecture, which, in the years immediately following World War II, was associated with fascist regimes. The Netherlands Carillon is the first modernist steel memorial associated with the otherwise classical stone architecture found on the National Mall.
Grounds
The Netherlands Carillon stands on a quartzite plaza and is enclosed by a low lava stone wall. Two bronze lions, which represent the Dutch Royal Family, guard the entrance to the plaza. They were designed by Dutch sculptor Paul Philip Koning. The Netherlands Carillon is located just north of Arlington National Cemetery and south of the Marine Corps War Memorial. It is administered by the National Park Service as part of the George Washington Memorial Parkway complex in Arlington Ridge Park.
A tulip library was planted in a circular bed immediately to the east of the plaza in 1964. As they are culturally and economically significant to the Netherlands, ten thousand tulips are planted in these gardens each year. In 1967 and 1972, First Lady Lady Bird Johnson's Beautification Program embellished the carillon grounds with new flower gardens in the shape of musical notes. These gardens are planted with tulips and other perennials and annuals. The program also planted the horseshoe of trees surrounding the backdrop of the campanile.
Concerts
The Netherlands Carillon keeps time throughout the day by playing the Westminster Quarters on the hours and quarters. The carillon plays several automated concerts each day and on significant days in Dutch and American culture:
Mondays through Saturdays at noon and 6:00 PM
Medley of armed forces anthems
Stars and Stripes Forever
Sundays at noon
Star-Spangled Banner
Wilhelmus (the Dutch national anthem)
Stars and Stripes Forever
Sundays at 6:00 PM
Star-Spangled Banner
America the Beautiful
Eternal Father, Strong To Save (the Navy Hymn)
May 5 (Dutch Liberation Day) at noon and 6:00 PM
Star-Spangled Banner
Wilhelmus (the Dutch national anthem)
September 2 at 9:04 AM (The time at which the Japanese Instrument of Surrender was signed aboard the USS Missouri in 1945.)
Star-Spangled Banner
America the Beautiful
Eternal Father, Strong To Save
Thanksgiving Day at noon and 6:00 PM
Simple Gifts
We Gather Together
December 31 at 6:00 PM
Auld Lang Syne
During the months of June, July, and August, director-carillonist Edward Nassor organizes weekly concerts and recitals on Saturday afternoons. Carillonists from across the world are invited to play various styles of music each week. A schedule of concerts and visiting carillonists is published on the National Park Service's website in the months before the season begins.
See also
Netherlands–United States relations
Other war memorial carillons
National War Memorial (New Zealand)
Netherlands Centennial Carillon
List of carillons in the United States
References
External links
National Park Service official site
President Truman's full remarks on accepting the Netherlands Carillon, April 4, 1952
Correspondence between President Eisenhower and Queen Juliana upon the finished campanile, May 5, 1960
Flickr album of the 2019–21 renovation of the Netherlands Carillon
Flickr album of the 2016 Dutch Remembrance Day ceremonies at the Netherlands Carillon
1960 establishments in Virginia
1960 sculptures
Buildings and structures in Arlington County, Virginia
Carillons
Diplomatic gifts
George Washington Memorial Parkway
Monuments and memorials in Virginia
Netherlands–United States relations
Tourist attractions in Arlington County, Virginia
Towers completed in 1960
World War II memorials in the United States
The speckled piculet (Picumnus innominatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It was defined by Burton in 1836.
Description
The male and female birds look alike. They have olive-green backs, with two white stripes on the side of their heads. The male bird has orange and brown on the forecrown. They have a creamy-white coloring below, with black spots. There is a dark green band near the eyes.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia, ranging across Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Thailand, Tibet and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are boreal forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. In India, it is found in the Himalayan foothills, up to an altitude of about 2500m. It can be found in bamboo jungles.
Behavior
They usually move about in pairs, on thin branches, and sometimes hang from the branch, upside-down. Their behavior is quite similar to that of woodpeckers.
Diet and feeding
The speckled piculet has a diet consisting of ants and termites.
Subspecies
The speckled piculet has three subspecies;
Picumnus innominatus chinensis (Hargitt, 1881)
Picumnus innominatus innominatus (Burton, 1836)
Picumnus innominatus malayorum (Hartert, 1912)
References
speckled piculet
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of India
Birds of South China
Birds of Southeast Asia
speckled piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dashed, Inc. (stylized as DASHED) was a US restaurant delivery service founded in Boston, Massachusetts by Phil Dumontet in 2009. The company provideed rapid delivery for over 800 restaurants that don't have their own services in Baltimore, Boston, Hoboken, New Haven, Philadelphia, Providence and Washington, DC.
Dashed was acquired by Grubhub in August 2017 and on October 17, 2017, the Foodler website that Dashed operated through was shut down and all ordering migrated to GrubHub.
Background
The company was founded under the mission of providing the industry's fastest delivery.<ref>“How This Speed-Focused Delivery Service Is Quickly Making a Name for Itself” "Entrepreneur Magazine, December, 2015.</ref> Entrepreneur Magazine wrote it has "largely achieved that goal", citing technology, speed-based incentive systems, and diversified delivery methods. The same magazine named it as one of the Best Entrepreneurial Companies in 2015 in its augural Entrepreneur 360 list.
In 2013, DASHED rolled out a fleet of electric Smart cars for its delivery drivers. According to the Boston Globe, as of November, DASHED has a total of 12 company SmartCars, which are available for rent to an approved pool of drivers for $15 per 8-hour shift. The microcar rental fleet was only available in Boston.
Partnerships & Expansion
The company partners exclusively with Foodler for online ordering. It expanded to Baltimore in April 2013, adding 50 restaurants that don't have their own delivery staff, including P.F. Chang's. Restaurants pay DASHED a 30 percent commission to make their deliveries. Dashed was acquired by Grubhub in August 2017.
Locations & Services
Operating in nine cities, DASHED used a mix of bikes, scooters and automobiles to deliver food from 9:30 a.m. to 12:45 a.m. seven days a week. About 25% of their orders are delivered by bike & scooter. According to BostInno, DASHED brought its participating restaurants an average of $2,000 in new delivery sales per week, and some restaurants have dropped their own delivery service to hire DASHED. The company introduced a 45-minute Christmas tree delivery service in Boston, which included trees, tree stands, garland, wreaths, and poinsettias. The program was popular with corporate clients, with daily deliveries to the Prudential Center.
Awards
In 2014, DASHED was named the leading restaurant delivery service in the Northeast by Inc. Magazine. In 2015, it was ranked one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. for the second year in a row by the same publication, one of Entrepreneur Magazine's'' Top 30 Startups to Watch and Best Entrepreneurial Companies, and the Best in Biz Silver winner for Fastest Growing Company in the country.
In January 2016, Founder & CEO Phil Dumontet was named to the Forbes 30 Under 30.
References
External links
Dashed (redirects to Grubhub)
Companies based in Boston
Retail companies established in 2009
Internet properties established in 2009
Online food retailers of the United States
Arifköy is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
George Gascoigne (c. 15357 October 1577) was an English poet, soldier and unsuccessful courtier.  They are considered the most important poet of the early Elizabethan era, following Sir Thomas Wyatt and Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey and leading to the emergence of Philip Sidney. They were the first poet to deify Queen Elizabeth I, in effect establishing their cult as a virgin goddess married to their kingdom and subjects. Their most noted works include A Discourse of the Adventures of Master FJ (1573), an account of courtly intrigue and one of the earliest English prose fictions; The Supposes, (performed in 1566, printed in 1573), an early translation of Ariosto and the first comedy written in English prose, which was used by Shakespeare as a source for The Taming of the Shrew;<ref>The Cambridge History of English and American Literature in 18 Volumes (1907–21)Volume V. The Drama to 1642, Part One. http://www.bartleby.com/215/0521.html</ref> the frequently anthologised short poem "Gascoignes wodmanship" (1573) and "Certayne Notes of Instruction concerning the making of verse or
ryme in English" (1575), the first essay on English versification.
Early life
The eldest son of Sir John Gascoigne of Cardington, Bedfordshire, Gascoigne was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, and on leaving the university is supposed to have joined the Middle Temple. They became a member of Gray's Inn in 1555. They have been identified without much show of evidence with a lawyer named Gastone who was in prison in 1548 under very discreditable circumstances. There is no doubt that their escapades were notorious, and that they were imprisoned for debt. George Whetstone says that Sir John Gascoigne disinherited their son on account of their follies, but by their own account they were obliged to sell their patrimony to pay the debts contracted at court. They were MP for Bedford in 1557–1558 and 1558–1559, but when they presented themselves in 1572 for election at Midhurst they were refused on the charges of being "a defamed person and noted for manslaughter", "a common Rymer and a deviser of slaunderous Pasquelles", "a notorious rufilanne", and a constantly indebted atheist.
Their poems, with the exception of some commendatory verses, were not published before 1572, but they may have circulated in manuscript before that date. They tell us that their friends at Gray's Inn importuned them to write on Latin themes set by them, and that two of their plays were acted there. They repaired their fortunes by marrying the wealthy widow of William Breton, thus becoming stepfather to the poet, Nicholas Breton. In 1568 an inquiry into the disposition of William Breton's property with a view to the protection of the children's rights was instituted before the Lord Mayor, but the matter was probably settled in a friendly manner, for Gascoigne continued to hold the Breton Walthamstow estate, which they had from their wife, until their death.
Plays at Gray's Inn
Gascoigne translated two plays performed in 1566 at Gray's Inn, the most aristocratic of the Renaissance London Inns of Court: the prose comedy Supposes based on Ariosto's Suppositi, and Jocasta, a tragedy in blank verse which is said to have derived from Euripides's Phoenissae, but appears more directly as a translation from the Italian of Lodovico Dolce's Giocasta.
A Hundreth Sundry Flowres (1573) and Posies of Gascoigne (1575)
Gascoigne's best known and controversial work was originally published in 1573 under the title by London printer Richarde Smith. The book purports to be an anthology of courtly poets, gathered and edited by Gascoigne and two other editors known only by the initials "H.W." and "G.T." The book's content is throughout suggestive of courtly scandal, and the aura of scandal is skilfully elaborated through the effective use of initials and posies—Latin or English tags supposed to denote particular authors—in place of the real names of actual or alleged authors.
Judged to be offensive, the book was "seized by Them Majesty's High Commissioners." Gascoigne republished the book with certain additions and deletions two years later under the alternative title, The Posies of George Gascoigne, Esquire. The new edition contains three new dedicatory epistles, signed by Gascoigne, which apologise for the offence that the original edition had caused. This effort failed, however, as the book was also ruled offensive and likewise seized.
At war in the Netherlands
When Gascoigne sailed as a soldier of fortune to the Low Countries in 1572, their ship was driven by stress of weather to Brielle, which luckily for them had just fallen into the hands of the Dutch. They obtained a captain's commission, and took an active part in the campaigns of the next two years including the Middelburg siege, during which they acquired a profound dislike of the Dutch, and a great admiration for William of Orange, who had personally intervened on their behalf in a quarrel with their colonel, and secured them against the suspicion caused by their clandestine visits to a lady at the Hague.
Taken prisoner after the evacuation of Valkenburg by English troops during the Siege of Leiden, they were sent to England in the autumn of 1574. They dedicated to Lord Grey de Wilton the story of their adventures, The Fruites of Warres (printed in the edition of 1575) and Gascoigne's Voyage into Hollande. In 1575 they had a share in devising the masques, published in the next year as The Princely Pleasures at the Courte at Kenelworth, which celebrated the queen's visit to the Earl of Leicester. At Woodstock in 1575 they delivered a prose speech before Elizabeth, and was present at a reading of the Pleasant Tale of Hemetes the Hermit, a brief romance, probably written by the queen's host, Sir Henry Lee. At the queen's annual gift exchange with members of their court the following New Year's, Gascoigne gave them a manuscript of Hemetes which they had translated into Latin, Italian, and French. Its frontispiece shows the Queen rewarding the kneeling poet with an accolade and a purse; its motto, "Tam Marti, quam Mercurio", indicates that they will serve them as a soldier, as a scholar-poet, or as both. They also drew three emblems, with accompanying text in the three other languages. They also translated Jacques du Fouilloux's La Venerie (1561) into English as The Noble Arte of Venerie or Hunting (1575) which was printed together with George Turberville's The Book of Falconrie or Hawking and is thus sometimes misattributed to Turberville though in fact it was a work by Gascoigne.
Later writings and influences
Most of their works were published during the last years of their life after their return from the wars. They died in Stamford in Lincolnshire on 7 October 1577 and was buried on 13 October in the graveyard of St Mary's Church, Stamford.
Gascoigne's theory of metrical composition is explained in a short critical treatise, "Certayne Notes of Instruction concerning the making of verse or ryme in English, written at the request of Master Edouardo Donati," prefixed to their Posies (1575). They acknowledged Chaucer as their master, and differed from the earlier poets of the school of Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey and Thomas Wyatt chiefly in the greater smoothness and sweetness of their verse.
See also
Canons of Elizabethan poetry
Good Morrowe, poem by Gascoigne set to music by Sir Edward Elgar, 1929
Gillian Austen, George Gascoigne [Studies in Renaissance Literature, 24], D.S. Brewer, 2008
G.W. Pigman, George Gascoigne, A Hundredth Sundrie Flowres 1573, Oxford, 2000
Ronald Binns, Gascoigne: The Life of a Tudor Poet, York: Zoilus Press, 2021
Notes
References
Cunliffe, John W. George Gascoigne: The Posies. (originally published 1907, reprinted by Greenwood Press, 1969).
Cunliffe, John. W. Supposes and Jocasta: Two Plays Translated from the Italian, the first by Geo. Gascoigne and the second by Geo. Gascoigne and F. Kwinwelmersh (Boston: D.C. Heath & Co., 1906).
Prouty, C.T. George Gascoigne's A Hundredth Sundrie Flowres. (Columbia: University of Missouri, 1942).
Ward, B.M. A Hundredth Sundrie Flowres From the Original Edition of 1573''. (1928; reprinted with supplementary materials under the editorship of Ruth Loyd Miller, Minos Publish Co., 1975).
Attribution
External links
The Works of George Gascoigne at Luminarium
The Gascoigne Seminar "is a discussion list for scholars working on George Gascoigne and other early Elizabethan writers, to facilitate the exchange of ideas about the generation at the very beginning of the English literary renaissance.”
1530s births
1577 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
16th-century English poets
People from Bedford
English prisoners and detainees
English MPs 1558
English MPs 1559
English male poets
Members of Gray's Inn
People from Cardington, Bedfordshire
Hermann Abbestée (29 July 1728 – 29 December 1794) was Danish governor of Tranquebar from 1762 to 1775 and the first royal governor of Danish India from 1779 to 1788. They served as one of the seven directors of the Danish Asiatic Company from 1775 to 1778 and was also active as a trader.
Early life and background
Abbestée was born on 29 July 1728 in Copenhagen, the son of vintner Helvig Abbestée (1697–1742) and Maria Barbara Fabritius (1704–75). Their father and motherwho were uncle and niecebelonged to the city's German Reformist congregation. Their dather went bankrupt for the second time in 1738. Their mother was the younger sister of Michael Fabritius and Just Fabritius. Their mother was after the father's death second time married to director in the Danish Asiatic Company Peter van Hurk (c. 1697–1775).
Career
Abbestée was in 1752 employed by the Danish Asiatic Company as a trade assistant in Tranquebar. They arrived in 1753 on board the company's ship Sydermanland. They were in 1755 sent on a mission to Travancore to negotiate a factory in Colachel under their own management. They were its first Opperhoofd but was already the following year appointed as Opperhoofd of the factory in Calicut.
In 1760, Abbestée returned to Tranquebar and was upon H. J. Forch's death, on 29 April 1761, elected as acting governor of the colony. In 1775, they were succeeded by David Brown and returned to Copenhagen. They were appointed as one of the seven directors of the Danish Asiatic Company. They represented the Danish Asiatic Company in the commission which was set up in connection with the transfer of the east Asiatic colonies to the state in 1777. Abbestée was the same year appointed as the first royal governor of Danish India and was granted the rank of Brigadier. In September they and their family boarded a ship bound for Tranquebar but the voyage ran into complications and it did not arrive until January 1779. In 1782, they successfully applied for permission to leave their office and return to Copenhagen. It was granted them but due to deaths among their colleagues they ended up acting as governor until finally being replaced by Peter Anker in 1788. Ge returned to Copenhagen in 1789.
Abbestée was alongside their office as governor also operating as a trader, partly backed by Anglo-Indian capital.
Personal life and legacy
Abbestée was on 26 December 1768 married to Françoise Lange (15 January 1749 28 March 1779) in Tranquebar. Their daughter Marie Barbara (1770–1832) was married to Conrad Lensgreve Blücher af Altona (1764–1845). Abbestée also had another daughter, Pauline (1772–1801), by another unidentified slave. pauline was first time married to J. N. Müller (−1793) and second time married to Christian Tullin Boalth (1767–1822). They were the mother of admiral Catharina Pauli (1797–1856). Them daughter Fanny (1795–1833) married William Halling.
Abbestée purchased Amaliegade 14 in Copenhagen shortly prior to their death in 1794. They had inherited the country house Rustenborg in Kongens Lyngby after their foster father in 1775.
References
Further reading
Feldbæk. Ole: India trade under the Danish Flag 1772–1808, 1969. –
Larsen, Kay: Dansk-ostindiske personalia og data, manus. på Kgl. bibl. og Rigsark. 1912
External links
Hermann Abbestée at geni.com
Timeline
Timeline /dather
Source
Danish civil servants
18th-century Danish businesspeople
Governors of Danish India
Danish expatriates in India
1728 births
1794 deaths
Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 4, 2003. Necessary primary elections were held on May 20, 2003
Justice of the Supreme Court
Judge of the Superior Court
Ballot questions
References
Pennsylvania
Acacia bartlei, commonly known as Bartle's wattle, is a shrub or tree of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves. It is native to a small area along the south coast in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Description
The shrub or tree typically grows to a height of but can be as tall as and has an erect habit. It has resin-ribbed branchlets. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The glabrous, mid to dark green phyllodes have a narrowly oblong-elliptic to oblong-oblanceolate shape and are straight or slightly recurved with a length of and a width of and have two to nine prominent nerves. It blooms between June ad October.
Distribution
It has a limited distribution around Esperance where it is found a few scattered locations from around Salmon Gums and Scaddan in the west from around Mount Key, Mount Burdett and Kau Rock in the east. It is often situated in or around waterlogged depressions growing in clay-loam or sandy-loam soils as a part of woodland communities associated with Eucalyptus occidentalis.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
bartlei
Acacias of Western Australia
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Plants described in 2012
Gerard Schurmann (19 January 1924 – 24 March 2020) was a Dutch-born British composer and conductor. They lived in the United States from 1981 until their death. They composed music for many film soundtracks. Schurmann was also the orchestrator for the film Lawrence of Arabia. Schurmann died on 24 March 2020 at their home in Hollywood Hills.
Film Music
The Long Arm (1956)
The Man in the Sky (1957)
The Camp on Blood Island (1958)
The Two-Headed Spy (1958)
Horrors of the Black Museum (1959)
Cone of Silence (1960)
Konga (1961)
The Ceremony (1963)
Dr Syn, Alias the Scarecrow (1963)
The Bedford Incident (1965)
The Lost Continent (1968)
Attack on the Iron Coast (1968)
Claretta (1984)
The Gambler (1997)
Discography
Concerto for Orchestra, Violin Concerto
Six Studies of Francis Bacon, Variants for Small Orchestra (1997)
Music for Violin and Piano
Chamber Music, Vol. 2
Chamber Music, Vol. 3
Chamber and Instrumental Music and Songs, Vol. 4
References
External links
1924 births
2020 deaths
People from Java
20th-century British composers
21st-century British composers
British male composers
British male conductors (music)
Dutch emigrants to the United Kingdom
20th-century British male musicians
21st-century British male musicians
British expatriates in the United States
Slow movement may refer to:
Slow movement (music)
Slow movement (culture)
Bradykinesia, "slow movement", a symptom of Parkinson's disease
See also
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1986.
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
19 April - Henrik Kalmet, actor
18 November - Ragne Veensalu, actor
Deaths
Paddy Anglim (6 September 1904 – 3 March 1954) was an Irish athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1904 births
1954 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Irish male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Ireland
Place of birth missing
Desert Pines High School is a public high school in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, and is a part of the Clark County School District. The school which opened in 1999, also houses the Academy of Information Technology and the Academy of Communications.
Academy of Information Technology
The Academy of Information Technology at Desert Pines is a magnet program that educates students on the products, service, and implementation of information technology. Students enrolled in the academy learn about hardware (CyberCore, tech support, and computer forensics), software (programming, web development, and ORACLE), as well as networks (Cisco, Novell, etc.). After graduating from the program, students receive industry recognized certifications in A+, Cisco, Java, and ORACLE.
Academy of Communications
The Academy of Communications at Desert Pines is one of the top media education schools in the Clark County School District. The academy houses state of the art television and radio stations, as well as offering student internships, job shadowing, and summer enrichment programs. Desert Pines has one of the only school-sponsored radio stations in Clark County.
DP-TV
Extracurricular activities
JROTC
Desert Pines is home to one of the two Marine Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps Units in the Clark County School District (the other being at Basic High School).
Athletics
The athletic programs at Desert Pines are known as the Jaguars and participate in the Northeast Division in the Sunrise 4A Region. The Jaguars football team have made the playoffs and as always show strong players, but did not have much success until the 2016 season. On Saturday, November 19, 2016, the Desert Pines varsity football team beat Spring Creek High School in the 3A high school football state championship game with a score of 39-6.
Notable alumni
Pierre Jackson, basketball player
Julian Jacobs, basketball player
Tony Fields II, Football player
References
External links
Desert Pines High School homepage
Clark County School District homepage
Clark County School District
Educational institutions established in 1999
High schools in Las Vegas
Public high schools in Nevada
Magnet schools in Nevada
1999 establishments in Nevada
Acoziborole (SCYX-7158) is an antiprotozoal drug invented by Anacor Pharmaceuticals in 2009, and now under development by the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative for the treatment of African trypanosomiasis (sleeping sickness). It is a structurally novel drug described as a benzoxaborole derivative, and is a one-day, one-dose oral treatment. Phase I human clinical trials were completed successfully in 2015, and it is now in Phase IIb/III trials being carried out in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where most cases of sleeping sickness occur.
See also
Tavaborole
References
Trifluoromethyl compounds
Organoboron compounds
Fluoroarenes
The Decline is an EP by NOFX. It was released on November 23, 1999. The CD version consisted of only the 18-minute title track, but the vinyl included a different version of "Clams Have Feelings Too" (from Pump Up the Valuum) on the B-side. The Decline is largely a satire of American politics and law, with an overwhelming concern for blind behaviors of the masses, such as complacency, indifference, gun violence, drug-use, and conformity, as well as destruction of constitutional rights, and condemnation of the religious right. Although the lyrics are somewhat disjointed, they all refer back to the unifying theme of the "decline" of America. The trombone is played by Lars Nylander of Skankin' Pickle.
According to the band,
The first 155 copies were pressed on clear vinyl, a version which is no longer available.
The first 1 min and 20 seconds of a live version of The Decline is played as an encore after "Stickin' In My Eye" on They've Actually Gotten Worse Live! (2007) before being faded out. A DVD featuring a live performance of The Decline was released on September 12, 2012.
In 2016, an orchestral arrangement was released as part of the Mild in the Streets: Fat Music Unplugged compilation album, recorded by Baz and Their Orchestra. Additionally, a video of the performance has been released. In 2019 NOFX and Baz's Orchestra recorded a live version while performing at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison, Colorado and it was subsequently published in 2020.
See also
Punk ideology
References
NOFX EPs
Fat Wreck Chords EPs
1999 EPs
Albums produced by Ryan Greene
Aëcio Morrot Coelho (3 May 1925 – 14 March 1984) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete and equestrian. They competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1925 births
1984 deaths
Brazilian male equestrians
Brazilian male modern pentathletes
Olympic equestrians of Brazil
Olympic modern pentathletes of Brazil
Equestrians at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Modern pentathletes at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Adiantum formosum, known as the giant maidenhair or black stem maidenhair is a fern found in Australia and New Zealand. It was one of the many species authored by Scottish botanist Robert Brown, appearing in their 1810 work Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen. Its species name is the Latin adjective formosus "handsome" or "beautiful".
Adiantum formosum is an attractive plant, with fronds up to 120 cm (48 in) high. The rhizome of this species is unusually deep, up to 60 cm (24 in) below into the earth. The stems are black and can reach 90 cm (36 in) in length, while the fronds or blades are triangular with rectangular segments. The last segment of the frond is irregular and asymmetrical, on a short stem. This maidenhair fern can grow to 2 metres (7 ft) tall. The smallest segments of the fronds are the pinnules, which are wedge-shaped, rectangular or trapezoid. They have 1–10 sori along the margins underneath.
Adiantum formosum is found in Queensland, and New South Wales, and into Victoria, where it is less common. It also occurs in New Zealand. It is often seen growing in moist areas or along streams usually on alluvial soils, Adiantum formosum is generally found in rainforest or in nearby open eucalyptus forest, where it may form a large colony.
Easy to grow in cultivation, Adiantum formosum makes a good subject for container gardening. It appears to go dormant in cooler months and grow rapidly during the summer. A smaller, variegated form is commercially available and cultivated.
References
formosum
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of New Zealand
Flora of Queensland
Victoria
Garden plants of Australia
House plants
Plants described in 1810
Orlow W. Chapman (1831 – 19 January 1890) was born in 1832, in Ellington, Connecticut, though they made their life's work and home in New York City. While in Ellington, Chapman received their primary education in a local academy. They then proceeded to graduate from Union College of Schenectady, New York, in 1854. After earning their undergraduate degree, they spent two years as Professor of Languages in the Fergusonville Academy in Delaware County. Chapman then studied law under Robert Parker of Binghamton, New York. In 1856, they were admitted to the bar.
They were District Attorney of Broome County from 1862 to 1867. They were a member of the New York State Senate (24th D.) from 1868 to 1871, sitting in the 91st, 92nd, 93rd and 94th New York State Legislatures. Subsequently, they were appointed Superintendent of New York State Insurance Department, where they served until 1876. During Chapman's time as superintendent they also served as president of the National Insurance Commissioners' Association and they focused on eliminating corrupt states' fostering of large and fraudulent companies. During their term Chapman also initiated the creation of an Executive Committee formed from and elected by Insurance Superintendents from each state.
On May 29, 1889, President Harrison appointed Chapman Solicitor General of the United States. Their service was cut short when Chapman died of pneumonia on January 19, 1890, while working in Washington, D.C. Orlow W. Chapman was buried near their home in Binghamton, New York.
Footnotes
External links
1831 births
1890 deaths
New York (state) state senators
People from Ellington, Connecticut
Union College (New York) alumni
United States Solicitors General
Politicians from Binghamton, New York
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Binghamton, New York
Deaths from pneumonia in Washington, D.C.
19th-century American lawyers
Phase inversion or phase separation is a chemical phenomenon exploited in the fabrication of artificial membranes. It is performed by removing the solvent from a liquid-polymer solution, leaving a porous, solid membrane.
Process
Phase inversion is a common method to form filtration membranes, which are typically formed using artificial polymers. The method of phase inversion is highly dependent on the type of polymer used and the solvent used to dissolve the polymer.
Phase inversion can be carried out through one of four typical methods:
Reducing the temperature of the solution
Immersing the polymer solution into anti-solvent
Exposing the polymer solution to a vapor of anti-solvent
Evaporating the solvent in atmospheric air or at high temperature
The rate at which phase inversion occurs and the characteristics of the resulting membrane are dependent on several factors, including:
Solubility of solvent in the anti-solvent
Insolubility of the polymer in the anti-solvent
Temperature of the anti-solvent
Characterization
Phase inversion membranes are typically characterized by their mean pore diameter and pore diameter distribution. This can be measured using a number of established analytical techniques such as the analysis of gas adsorption-desorption isotherms, porosimetry, or more niche approaches such as Evapoporometry. A Scanning electron microscope (SEM) can be used to characterize membranes with larger pore sizes, such as microfiltration and ultrafiltration membranes, while Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) can be used for all membrane types, including small pore membranes such as nanofiltration and reverse osmosis, though optical techniques tend to analyze only a small sample area that may not be representative of the sample as a whole.
In emulsions
In emulsions a phase inversion is when the dispersed phase becomes the dispersion medium and the dispersion medium becomes the dispersed phase, for example when cream becomes butter.
See also
Membrane
List of synthetic polymers
Microfiltration
Ultrafiltration
Nanofiltration
Reverse Osmosis
Hollow fiber membrane
References
Polymer chemistry
Jud is a ghost town in extreme western Haskell County, Texas, United States. It lies on FM 617, west of Rochester. The Double Mountain Fork and Salt Fork Brazos River merge about west of present-day Jud to form the Brazos River.
History
Jud is a farming community. Each summer, a music festival named JUD FEST takes place with performances by local and regional Texas country artists and a meat cookoff.
Notable people
David Epley b. Aug.1941 - d. Oct.2017
See also
Rath City, Texas, another ghost town on the Double Mountain Fork of the Brazos
Double Mountains (Texas)
Brazos River
Double Mountain Fork Brazos River
Rochester, Texas
References
External links
Jud Fest website
Ghost towns in North Texas
Geography of Haskell County, Texas
Pisgah High School is a middle and high school in Sand Hill, Mississippi, in the Jackson metropolitan area. It is a part of the Rankin County School District. it had over 380 students. The principal is Craig Yates.
References
External links
Public high schools in Mississippi
Public middle schools in Mississippi
Schools in Rankin County, Mississippi
Tiago-Marti Escorza (born 25 August 1997) is a French footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Swiss Promotion League club Nyon. Born in France, Escorza is of Spanish and Polish descent.
References
1997 births
Living people
People from Corbeil-Essonnes
Footballers from Essonne
French footballers
French expatriate footballers
French people of Spanish descent
French people of Polish descent
Association football midfielders
INF Clairefontaine players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
Paris FC players
FC Lausanne-Sport players
FC Stade Nyonnais players
Championnat National 3 players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Swiss Promotion League players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
French expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Multisearch is a multitasking search engine which includes both search engine and metasearch engine characteristics with additional capability of retrieval of search result sets that were previously classified by users. It enables the user to gather results from its own search index as well as from one or more search engines, metasearch engines, databases or any such kind of information retrieval (IR) programs.
Multisearch is an emerging feature of automated search and information retrieval systems which combines the capabilities of computer search programs with results classification made by a human.
Multisearch is a way to take advantage of the power of multiple search engines with a flexibility not seen in traditional metasearch engines. To the end user, a multisearch may appear to be just a customizable search engine; however, its behind-the-scenes technology enables it to put a face to the search process and to retrieve and display also a result set which has been classified by a human during a multisearch session and automatically included in the documents index.
There are additional features available in many search engines and metasearch engines, but the basic idea is the same: reducing the amount of time required to search for resources by improvement of the accuracy and relevance of individual searches as well as the ability to manage the results.
See also
Search aggregator
Metabrowsing
Search engine
Internet search engines
Thomas George Stell (born 1991), known professionally as Golden Features, is an Australian deep house / dance DJ and producer currently signed to Warner Bros. Records. Three singles, "Tell Me" featuring Nicole Millar, "No One" featuring Thelma Plum, and "Wolfie" featuring Julia Stone; received listener's votes for the Triple J Hottest 100. They were listed, successively, at No. 101 in 2014, No. 92 in 2015, and No. 70 in 2016. Golden Features performed at the Hard festival in 2016. Their debut album, Sect (26 July 2018), reached No. 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
Biography
Tom Stell has performed as Golden Features since 2014. When Peking Duk members, Adam Hyde and Reuben Styles, relocated from Canberra to Sydney they shared a house with Stell for a year. They recalled, "Those two are like my brothers and without both of their support and guidance the Golden Features project never would have seen the light of day."
Golden Features adopted a gold mask for performances and initially maintained their anonymity. They explained, "You go out, you do whatever you have to do, you put it out there in the world, and you don't expect personal credit for it. You just do it because it satisfies you... I didn't want my face plastered over things just because I prefer to have a character that I speak through." As a solo artist, they released a four-track self-titled extended play in February 2014. After they revealed their name, they observed, "it became a gimmick and people became more interested in who is making the music rather than the music itself. So I cut it off and put my face up everywhere. The initial idea was like the music speak for itself, it backfired but I stand by it."
The producer provided a remix version for the Presets' single, "No Fun" (August 2014), which made it to No. 13 on the ARIA Club Tracks. Their EP provided a single, "Tell Me" featuring Nicole Millar, in the following month, which reached No. 14 on the ARIA Dance Singles and No. 7 on the ARIA Hitseekers Singles charts. It missed being listed on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2014, and was placed in the Second Hottest 100 (101–200) at No. 101.
The artist's second four-track EP, XXIV, was issued in July 2015, and reached No. 56 on the ARIA Singles Chart. The reviewer from Oz EDM felt, "[he] is known for their genre-bending signature sound (apart from their Mask)... [the EP] offers nothing short of amazing production and originality and genuinely is something for dance fans to get excited about." Its lead single, "No One" featuring Thelma Plum, peaked at No. 58 on the same chart. It was listed at No. 92 on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2015.
Included on XXIV was "Telescope" featuring K.Flay, which the reviewer noticed provided, "intriguing RnB style vocals" by Flay and "offers a somewhat new style of what we have come to expect from Golden Features. Showing light elements of trap, 'Telescope's upbeat tempo is less dark than the rest of the tracks." In 2016 they released, "Wolfie" featuring Julia Stone, which reached No. 70 in Triple J Hottest 100, 2016. Pilerats Troy Mutton described, "it proved a little surprising to some. Not the out-and-out dark and brooding banger we've come to expect from [him], rather something sweeter, less intense. It's so sweet in fact that it's named after – and features a sound byte from – their young nephew... [Stone's] twee, Australian lilt is toned down ever-so-slightly to create something that is somehow both melancholic and euphoric."
Golden Features supported Alison Wonderland on their tour of the United States in 2016 and undertook their own headlining tour of the US in February of the next year. They released their debut album, Sect, on 26 July 2018, which reached No. 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart and No. 1 on the iTunes Chart.Sect was named a Triple J feature album, described as being an "eclectic mix of driving beats, dark choruses, blistering drops and ethereal vocals".
Golden Features appeared on the Coachella DoLab stage during the first weekend of the 2019 festival.
In July of 2020 Golden Features collaborated with Odesza and released the project Bronson, the ten track album features appearances from lau.ra, Gallant, and Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs. Bronson debuted number 22 on the ARIA Albums Chart and at number 5 in the United States on Billboard's Top Dance/Electronic Albums Chart.
In 2022, Golden Features released "Touch" and "Vigil" and toured the United States of America in September of that year.
Discography
Studio albums
Collaborative albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
Remixes
Mixes
Notes
References
1991 births
Australian musicians
Living people
Foreign Family Collective artists
Masked musicians
Guérin de Montaigu (died 1228), also known as Garin de Montaigu or Pierre Guérin de Montaigu, was a nobleman from Auvergne, who became the fourteenth Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller, serving from 1207–1228. They succeeded the Grand Master Geoffroy le Rat after their death in 1206, and was succeeded by Bertrand de Thessy.
Biography
Guérin de Montaigu was elected Grand Master in the summer of 1207, between 22 May and 1 October. They were Marshal of the Order and participated in the Fifth Crusade. They died a natural death during the reconstruction of the wall of Sidon between 11 November 1227 and 1 March 1228. They were described as "the figure of one of the greatest masters of whom the Hospital has reason to be proud ".
Tradition would have it that they were a native of Auvergne and that they were the brother of Pierre de Montaigu, Grand Master of the Knights Templar from 1219 to 1232. Unfortunately, the nobiliaries of Auvergne do not establish to which of the Montaigu families the Guérin can be linked.
Principality of Antioch
Like their two predecessors, Montaigu found themselves involved in the affairs of the Principality of Antioch through the War of the Antiochene Succession created by the opening of the will of Bohémond III of Antioch. This had indicated as their successor their grandson Raymond-Roupen. Bohémond IV of Antioch, second son of Bohémond III and Count of Tripoli, did not accept this will. Leo I of Armenia, as the maternal great-uncle, took the side of Raymond-Roupen. However, without waiting for the death of their father, Bohémond IV had taken possession of the principality. The Knights Templar had aligned themselves with the bourgeoisie of Antioch and the alliance of az-Zahir Ghazi, the Ayyubid sultan of Aleppo, while the Hospitallers sided with Raymond-Roupen and the king of Armenia. The conduct of the Count of Tripoli was severely judged by the Pope who sent their legates without any change. On 5 May 1205, the Holy See sent three new arbitrators without any further success.
When Montaigu took over the Hospitallers, nothing had changed. Leo I of Armenia had made themselves master of Antioch and had re-established their grand-nephew there. But it was of short duration, and as the Count of Tripoli remained master of the city. Leo I supported their claims by confiscating the Templars' property in Cilicia, ruining Antioch's trade by raids, and even risking excommunication in 1210–1213. An agreement was reached between the king and the Templars, and the excommunication was revoked. On 14 February 1216, the treason of the seneschal of Antioch, Acharias, which put Antioch in the hands of Leo I and of their nephew Raymond-Roupen. The guard of the castle of Antioch is entrusted to the commander of Selefkeh, Feraud de Barras. The leader of the Antiochene nobility William Farabel in 1219, allowed the return of Bohémond IV and the escape of Raymon-Roupen, who later died in 1222.
The Count of Tripoli undertook to take revenge on the Hospitallers: they took back the castle of Antioch from them and their possession of the County of Tripoli was undermined. Pope Honorius III interceded in their favor in 1225 and 1226, and their successor Gregory IX excommunicated Bohémond IV in 1230. They authorized Gerald of Lausanne, Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem, to lift the ban if Bohémond agreed to make peace with the Hospitallers. With the mediation of Gerald and the Ibelins, Bohemond and the Hospitallers made a treaty which was signed on 26 October 1231. Bohémond confirmed the Hospitallers' right to hold Jabala and a nearby fortress and granted them money fiefs in both Tripoli and Antioch. The Hospitaller renounced the privileges that Raymond-Roupen had granted to them. Before long, Gerald of Lausanne lifted the excommunication and sent the treaty to Rome to be confirmed by the Holy See.
Acquisition of territory
In the Holy Land
Throughout this long conflict, the support of the Hospitallers was unwavering and they were rewarded for their loyalty with territorial advantages. Montaigu received from Raymond-Roupen Gibelacar on 22 May 1207, the castle of Château de la Vieille in September 1210 and an annuity of 200 bezants on the casal of Gédéide in December 1216. In 1210, Selefkeh, Chastel Neuf and Çamardı were given to the Hospitallers who together with Karaman, created a region to the north of Cilicia, where the Hospitallers would be able to defend against the Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm. Constantine of Baberon, tutor of Isabella of Armenia, daughter of Leo I, proposed to buy back the commandery of Selefkeh at a high price in order to force Isabella to marry them to their son Héthoum I of Armenia. On learning of this, the commander, the squire Bertrand, preferred to abandon the place. But the abandonment of Selefkeh had no consequences for the rest of the possessions of the order in Cilicia.
In the County of Jaffa, Montaigu received the lands of Geschale and a sum of 100 bezants, in the County of Edessa, half of the Chastel Rouge, in the county of Tripoli an annuity of 1,000 bezants and another of 2,000 bezants based on the Place of the Cloths in Gibelet, the house of Raymond IV of Tripoli in Laodicea, the castles of Berzaal, of Baqueer, of Quasse, of Bethorafig, of Gabronie and of Maarban. In Cyprus, they obtained from Hugh I of Cyprus an important donation of lands and castles with extensive privileges.
In the West
The donations of Andrew II of Hungary were driven by the devotion of the Hospitallers. Wichard of Karslberg gave them their land of Engelsdorf in Carinthia in February 1214; Poppo of Wertheim gave Morbach, confirmed in 1218 by their family; they received from Ulrich of Stubenberg on July 18, 1218 the towns of Hatzendorf and Kroisbach in Styria; from Vulvin of Stubenberg, Söchau and Aspach in June 1221; from Count Hugues II of Montfort, the church of Feldkirch, a chapel in the valley of Sainte-Marie and confirmation of goods in Cluse, Brégence and Rinegg in September 1218; from Count Baudouin of Bentheim goods in Esterwege in 1223.
In 1208, the duke of Burgundy Eudes III made a series of donations in memory of their stay in the Holy Land in 1190; Milon de Saint-Florentin gave them land at Villiers-Vineux on June 26, 1220; the count Henri I of Rodez the city of Canet, Frontignan, the Bastide-Pradines, Canabières and Bouloc, on October 18, 1221; the viscount of Béarn Guillaume-Raymond de Moncade the castle of Macied on February 17, 1224; Archambaud IV the house of Buys on June 1225.
The Fifth Crusade
The first wave of troops of the Fifth Crusade, due to the efforts of pope Innocent III, arrived at Acre in the late summer of 1217. Leopold VI of Austria, Hugh I of Cyprus, and Andrew II of Hungary, were brought to Cyprus by Montaigu at the request of the pope. The king of Jerusalem, John of Brienne, gathered them all together in the presence of the three grand masters of the military orders for a council of war and to determine the course of action to be taken. They attacked the fortress of Mount Tabor, which had to be abandoned, and laid siege to Sidon, which they half-finished. These were the only two actions taken from November to December 1217. The Crusaders returned to Acre and the king of Hungary, giving in to discouragement, returned to Hungary in January 1218.
The arrival of new pilgrims from Friesland and the north of Germany revived the Crusade. Before the winter of 1218, with the help of the Hospitallers, they re-established the fortifications of Caesarea and, with the Templars, the Château Pèlerin. But this was not enough to keep everyone busy, and an expedition to Egypt was decided. The Crusaders, the Latin patriarch of Jerusalem, the prelates of the Holy Land, and the grand masters, were all under the orders of the king of Jerusalem. They embarked at Acre in May to present themselves before Damietta, which they invested in June 1218. During a skirmish against the sultan's camp at Fariskur on 22 August 1219, the Marshal of the Hospitaller, Aymar de Lairon, fell with thirty two of their companions. The city of Damietta was taken in November 1219 and finally the castle of Damietta in January 1220. Placed in a critical position, they negotiated with the Muslims on 30 August 1221 the evacuation of Damietta and the return to Acre. Thus the Fifth Crusade ended in failure.
It is important to note the generosity that Andrew II of Hungary showed to the Hospitallers. They gave the revenues of the tollgate of Bobeth in Sopron, a piece of land between Drave and Csurgó, an annual rent of 500 silver marcs on the saltworks of Szalacs plus another 100 marcs of rent for the Krak des Chevaliers and another 100 marcs for Margat.
Journeys to the West
Emperor Frederick II sent four ships to Acre for John of Brienne, Raoul of Merencourt, the Latin patriarch of Jerusalem, the legate Pelagius Galvano and the grand masters of the military orders to confer with them on their promise to go on Crusade. (The Templars were represented by the Grand Preceptor Guillaume Cadel.) They embarked for Brindisi in September 1222 and met with the pope in Rome in January 1223. They had an interview with Frederick II in Ferentino from 17 February to 26 March 1223, where Frederick committed to leave for the Holy Land in 1225. John of Brienne and Montaigu continued their journey to France and England to ask for their help, unfortunately without any effect. Then the two separated, Montaigu went to Bordeaux on April 15, 1224, to Paris in June, to Orange probably on August 10, to Palermo on December 25 and probably returned to the headquarters of the Order via Armenia since they were in Tarsus in June 1225.
Later years
Montaigu intervened in Armenia to help the Christian population against Suleiman of Iconium. They helped raise the siege of Acre by the Sultan of Damascus. They distinguished themselves at the capture of Damietta during the Fifth Crusade, and subsequently toured European countries seeking support. On their return to Palestine, they found turmoil; they tried vainly to reconcile the Hospitallers with the Templars. In 1228, they persuaded pope Gregory IX to break the truce holding between Christian and Muslim powers, but refused to serve in the army commanded by Frederick II, who was excommunicated. Guérin de Montaigu died in Palestine in 1228 and was succeeded by Bertrand de Thessy.
See also
Cartulaire général de l'Ordre des Hospitaliers
List of Knights Hospitaller sites
Langue (Knights Hospitaller)
Flags of the Knights Hospitaller
References
Bibliography
External links
Garin de Montaigu. French Wikipedia.
Liste des grands maîtres de l'ordre de Saint-Jean de Jérusalem. French Wikipedia.
Eugène Harot, Essai d'armorial des Grands-Maîtres de l'Ordre de Saint Jean de Jérusalem.
Seals of the Grand Masters. Museum of the Order of St John.
Charles Moeller, Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem. Catholic Encyclopedia (1910) 7. New York: Robert Appleton Company.
Knights of the Order of the Hospital of St John of Jerusalem, Encyclopædia Britannica. 20. (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 12–19.
Coat of arms
With picture of their seal
1228 deaths
Christians of the Fifth Crusade
Knights Hospitaller
Grand Masters of the Knights Hospitaller
Year of birth unknown
13th-century French people
Bubliai (formerly , ) is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 29 people. It is located from Aristava, by the Bubliai Reservoir and the Piltyna river. A small hydroelectric power plant is installed near Bubliai. The A8 highway passes nearby Bubliai.
At the beginning of the 20th century there was Bubliai manor and village.
Demography
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Kėdainiai District Municipality
The Lafarge Rocks are one large and several smaller rocks lying northwest of Casy Island and west of Prime Head, the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula. They were discovered by a French expedition, 1837–1840, under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville, and named by them for Ensign Antoine Pavin de la Farge of the expedition ship Zélée. They were recharted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1946.
References
Rock formations of the Trinity Peninsula
Mount Ida is a historic home located near Scottsville, Albemarle County, Virginia. It was built between about 1785 and 1805, and is a two-story, five-bay frame plantation house. It has a one-bay west wing. The interior features a parlor with elaborately carved paneling. The house was moved to a 422.65-acre site, with an elevated knoll located along a bend in the Hardware River, in 1995.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
References
External links
Owner's website
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1805
Houses in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
1805 establishments in Virginia
Expert Opinion on Biological Therapy is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering research on all aspects of biological therapy, including gene therapy and gene transfer technologies, therapeutic peptides and proteins, vaccines and antibodies, and cell- and tissue-based therapies. The journal is published by Taylor & Francis and the editor-in-chief is Michael Morse (Duke University Hospital). The journal was established in 2001 and according to the Journal Citation Reports, it has a 2017 impact factor of 3.974. The journal is also indexed in MEDLINE.
References
External links
Monthly journals
Publications established in 2001
English-language journals
Pharmacology journals
Expert Opinion journals
Taylor & Francis academic journals
Regenerative medicine journals
Immunology journals
Kevin Brown (born 1961) has been Trust Archivist and Alexander Fleming Laboratory Museum Curator at St Mary's NHS Trust, subsequently Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust, since 1989, having set up the archives service for St Mary's Hospital, Paddington, London, England, in 1989 and having established the museum in 1993.
Brown was educated at Hertford College, Oxford and at University College London.  They are a professional archivist and museum curator specialising in the history of medicine and has lectured widely. In 2001, they were the first historian and first non-scientist to deliver the Andrew J. Moyer Lecture at the United States Department of Agriculture National Center for Agricultural Utilization Research at Peoria, Illinois. They were Chairman of the London Museums of Health & Medicine from 2001 to 2004.  They are an authority on Alexander Fleming and the history of penicillin.
Brown's 2004 biography of Alexander Fleming, Penicillin Man: Alexander Fleming and the Antibiotic Revolution tells the story of the discovery of penicillin and of the great scientist who made that breakthrough. They have also written a history of syphilis, The Pox: the Life and Near Death of a Very Social Disease in 2006 and has written a study of health, war and military and civilian medicine in the 20th century, published as Fighting Fit: Health Medicine and War in the Twentieth Century in 2008. They have since turned their attention to the history of maritime medicine with Poxed and Scurvied: The Story of Sickness and Health at Sea published in 2011; Passage to the World: The Emigrant Experience in 2013; The Seasick Admiral: Nelson and the Health of the Navy in 2016; and Fittest of the Fit: Health and Morale in the Royal Navy 1939-1945 in 2019.
References
British Medical Journal, 330 (1 January 2005), 51.
Kevin Brown, Penicillin Man: Alexander Fleming and the Antibiotic Revolution, 2004.
Kevin Brown, The Pox: the Life and Near Death of a Very Social Disease, 2006.
A.A. Glynn, 'Alexander Fleming Laboratory Museum', Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy, 58 (2006), 233-234
Kevin Brown, Fighting Fit: Health, Medicine and War in the Twentieth Century, 2008
Kevin Brown, Poxed and Scurvied: The Story of Sickness and Health at Sea, 2011
Kevin Brown, Passage to the World: The Emigrant Experience, 2013
Kevin Brown, The Seasick Admiral: Nelson and the Health of the Navy, 2016
Kevin Brown, Fittest of the Fit: Health and Morale in the Royal Navy 1939-1945, 2019
1961 births
Living people
Alumni of Hertford College, Oxford
Alumni of University College London
English archivists
English biographers
English curators
English non-fiction writers
English medical historians
English male non-fiction writers
Joseph Heintz may refer to:
Joseph Heintz the Elder (1564–1609), Swiss painter, draftsman and architect
Joseph Heintz the Younger (1600–1678), German painter
La Historia del Blues (History of Blues) is a concept album by the Spanish band Siniestro Total, released in 2000. The album tells the story of Jack Griffin, a fictional African-American musician. Siniestro Total use Griffin's life as a means to chronicle both the evolution of blues during the 20th century and "the recent history of the United States, with all of its wonders and all of its atrocities".
Jack Griffin's story
Jack Griffin was born in the late 1800s in a cotton plantation on the banks of the Mississippi delta. As a young boy, Griffin was fascinated by the blues music played by itinerant bands, to the extent that the devil (which in this story adopts the name of Nick LeFreak) offers them a deal: eternal life and extraordinary musicianship in exchange for devoting their existence to spread blues (the devil's music, according to tradition) throughout the nation. Griffin accepts, but soon their attention shifts to other types of music (such as Tex-Mex, gospel, or rap) that LeFreak doesn't approve of. Considering that the contract has been breached, LeFreak starts tracking Griffin to collect their soul, but Griffin always seems to be one step ahead. They spend a large portion of their life criss-crossing the United States in a desperate flight from LeFreak, and always producing new music with different bands wherever they go. From their home in Mississippi, they move to Chicago, St Louis, Texas, California, and finally, New York City.
In a final confrontation in New York City in 1999, Griffin manages to shoot LeFreak to death, but is arrested and sentenced to die in the electric chair. In their final moments, they realize that the priest standing next to them is the devil in a new body. They also realize that the path they have taken in their travels traces a cross over the map of the United States, a sign that their life and death had been preordained, and that they are only a pawn in the struggle between Good and Evil. The devil calls Griffin a traitor and, before flipping the switch, lets them know that Evil will continue into the new millennium.
Track listing
Even though the songs are presented as covers of original songs by Jack Griffin, they are all original compositions by Siniestro Total, with the only exception of track #3, Coleguita. The following list includes both the title of the fictitious original songs and the name of the equally fictitious bands that Griffin was a member of at the time.
La rabia de vivir, cover of Crazy Blues #2 by Bobby Jr. and the Dirty Old Men (1928).
Llueve, cover of It's raining by Cryin' Shame and the Stormy Tuesday Big Band (1949).
Coleguita, cover of the song by Zydeco Pierre and their Broken Accordions (1955).
Vuelvo hacia el hogar, cover of Going home by Barbacoa Lorenzo and the Red Hot Coals (1931).
¿A quién vas a culpar?, cover of Who's to blame by Boycott Lynch (1944).
Bajo sus propias pistolas, cover of the song by the same name by Perfecto Mundo y su Mariachi (1961).
Llevadme a mi Tejas natal, cover of Take me to my Lone Star Country by Total Disaster (1966).
Inundación, cover of Highwater by Jack Griffin (1938).
El enanito y las tres blancanueces, cover of The Little Dwarf and the Three Snownuts by Luigi and the Wise Guys (1970).
Ni sí, ni no, cover of No Tits, no Love by Green Express (1975).
Mata al malo y pilla a la chica, cover of Kill the Bad Guy and Get the Girl by Neutron Smith (1988).
Dios tiene un plan, cover of God's Got a Plan by Reverend Griff Jackson (1999).
Narration
During the live performances in the promotional tour of the album, each song was preceded by a monologue by actor Manuel Manquiña describing Jack Griffin's desperate flight from Satan and the circumstances that had led them to compose that particular song.
2000 albums
Siniestro Total albums
Mary Tupai Ama is a Cook Islands-New Zealand artist and community arts organiser.
Biography
Ama was born in Vaka Takitumu in the southeast of the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands, and has Cook Island Maori, Samoan and English heritage. Them mother died when Ama was young and their father remarried, and Ama was raised by their grandparents. Ama immigrated to New Zealand in 1965, and worked for various government departments.
Ama founded Pacifica Mamas, a community arts collective based in Auckland, New Zealand, in the late 1980s. The collective designs and delivers Pacific-based arts and cultural programmes in schools and the community both in New Zealand and overseas in the Cook Islands, Samoa, Papua New Guinea, Hawaii, the United Kingdom and the United States. Ama also developed a programme for Pacific prison inmates, which they have delivered at Spring Hill Correction Facility near Huntly for more than ten years. Ama has been the Pacific Island Arts Advocate for the Waitakere City Council and has taught at both Mt Albert Grammar School and Corbans Estate Arts Centre.
In 1998, Ama began working for the Waitakere City Council, and as a part of Pacifica Mamas began teaching tivaevae classes in 1999.
They have delivered other Pacific arts, culture and community projects for Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, Auckland War Memorial Museum, Auckland Council, Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki, and ASB Polyfest.
Recognition
In 2012, the collective won the Creative NZ Pacific Heritage Arts Award. In 2015, Ama and the Pacifica Mamas won the Arts Access Corrections Community Award for their work at Spring Hill. In the 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours, Ama was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to the arts and the Pacific community.
References
Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Living people
21st-century New Zealand artists
Cook Island emigrants to New Zealand
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cook Island artists
People from Rarotonga
Noel Loomis (April 3, 1905 – September 7, 1969) was a writer, principally of western, mystery and science-fiction, in the middle of the 20th century.
Born and raised in the American West, they were sufficiently familiar with that territory to write a useful history of the Wells Fargo company.
Personal life
Noel Loomis was born Noel Miller Loomis on April 3, 1905, in the Oklahoma Territory town of Wakita, in the Cherokee Strip, and raised in Texico, in the New Mexico Territory, and in the West Texas town of Slaton.
In later life they lived in Decanso, in the San Diego, California, Back Country from 1956.
They married Dorothy Moore Green,
who was also a writer,
in 1945.
There is evidence that they had a first wife named Johnie or Jonie, who was the mother of their children.
Career and honors
1921 Attended Clarendon College
1929–1979 Freelance writer
1930 Attended University of Oklahoma
1953 National survey of writers' incomes and terms in writers' contracts
1954–1955 President of Western Writers of America
1955–1956 President of Hulburd Grove Improvement Association
1958 Spur Award Novel: Short Cut to Red River by Noel Loomis (Macmillan)
1958–1969 Instructor in English, San Diego State College, San Diego, California
1959 Spur Award Short Story: Grandfather Out of the Past by Noel Loomis (Frontiers West)
1963–1969 Director of Writers Workshop
American Academy of Political and Social Science
American Association of University Professors
American Historical Association
PEN International
They also worked variously as a printer, newspaperman and editor.
Writings
Selected works.
Fiction
Murder Goes to Press (1937)
City of Glass (1942, Startling Stories, exp. 1955 by Columbia Publications)
Iron Men (1945,(1945, Startling Stories)
Electron Eat Electron (1946, Planet Stories)
Turnover Time (1949, Startling Stories)
Rim of the Caprock (1952)
The Buscadero (1953)
We Breathe For You (1953, Startling Stories)
The Ultimate Planet (1949, Thrilling Wonder Stories)
The Man With the Absolute Motion (1955, as by Silas Water)
Short Cut to Red River (1958)
Grandfather Out of the Past (1959)
Non-fiction
Pedro Vial and the Roads to Santa Fe, a description of Pedro Vial's exploratory expeditions (1967) (with Abraham P Nasatir)
The Texan Santa Fe Pioneers (1958)
Wells Fargo, a history of the Wells Fargo company (1968)
Media work
Bonanza TV series, various episodes
Has Gun, Will Travel TV series, various episodes
Cheyenne (TV series), 1956 episode: "Mustang Trail"
Johnny Concho (film directed by Don McGuire), United Artists, 1956
This production, starring Frank Sinatra and other well-known actors, by accounts an unusual production, has to date (2014) never been released on any of the usual portable media, e.g. VHS or DVD.
Other
Editing
Linecasting Operator-Machinist, Harding, Edwin B.; Noel M. Loomis, ed.
Teaching
1958–1969 Assistant professor of English at San Diego State College in Southern California
References
External links
Open Library
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction
1905 births
1969 deaths
American frontier
Western (genre) writers
American mystery writers
American science fiction writers
Historians of the American West
Writing teachers
American male journalists
20th-century American journalists
Pulp fiction writers
News editors
American printers
20th-century American historians
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
20th-century American male writers
People from Grant County, Oklahoma
People from Curry County, New Mexico
People from Slaton, Texas
20th-century American non-fiction writers
The Château de Lasserre is a ruined castle in the commune of Béraut in the Gers département of France.
With origins in the 14th century, the castle was adapted and altered in the 16th and 18th centuries. It has been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. It is privately owned.
See also
List of castles in France
External links
References
Monuments historiques of Gers
Ruined castles in Occitania (administrative region)
Buildings and structures in Gers
Energy and Power is a 1962 science book for children by L. Sprague de Camp, illustrated by Weimer Pursell and Fred Eng, published by Golden Press as part of The Golden Library of Knowledge Series. It has been translated into Portuguese and Spanish.
The title blurb summarizes the content as "How man uses animals, wind, water, heat, electricity, chemistry, and atoms to perform work."
Notes
1962 children's books
Children's non-fiction books
Science books
Books by L. Sprague de Camp
American children's books
Brooks Otis (June 10, 1908 – July 26, 1977) was an American scholar of Classical languages and literature. Born in Boston, they graduated from Harvard in 1929, took the M.A. in 1930, and received the Ph.D. in 1935. Otis taught at Hobart College from 1935 to 1957, then at American University of Beirut for one year before accepting a position at Stanford University as Professor of Classics. In 1970 they moved to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where they followed T. Robert S. Broughton as George L. Paddison Professor of Latin. While at Stanford Otis was one of the founders of the Intercollegiate Center for Classical Studies in Rome, Italy, in 1965. They were a member of the Guild of Scholars of The Episcopal Church.
Otis was known for some of the most concise and penetrating critical essays written on classical literature. Their first book, published at the age of 55, was Virgil: A Study in Civilized Poetry (1963), which was immediately recognized as a classic. They also wrote Ovid as an Epic Poet (1966) and the posthumous Cosmos and Tragedy: An Essay on the Meaning of Aeschylus (1981), edited with notes and a preface by E. Christian Kopff), which was part of a long manuscript left unfinished at their death, entitled "The Transcendence of Tragedy".
References
External links
1908 births
1977 deaths
American classical scholars
Harvard University alumni
Scholars of Latin literature
Classical scholars of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Linguists from the United States
Choi Seon-yong (born 17 March 1963) is a South Korean water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
South Korean male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of South Korea
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Encheloclarias velatus is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Indonesia. It is only known from the Batang Hari drainage in central Sumatra, and Bintan Island.
E. velatus differs from the other members of the genus Encheloclarias in that the anal fin and caudal fin are only confluent at the base, in meristics, and morphometrics. The dorsal surface of the head and body are uniformly very dark grey, fading to a paler colour on ventral surfaces. The adipose fin is very dark grey with a hyaline margin. The fin rays of all the other fins are dusky, with hyaline inter-radial membranes. This species reaches a length of 16.9 cm (6.7 inches) SL.
The specific name velatus is from the Latin velatus meaning concealed, referring to the fact that this is the first species of Encheloclarias found on Sumatra after 150 years of ichthyological exploration, and the secretive nature of this species.
References
Encheloclarias
Freshwater fish of Sumatra
Fish described in 2000
Antar Zerguelaïne (born 4 January 1985 in Jijel, Algeria) is an Algerian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.
Competition record
Personal bests
800 metres - 1:46.56 min (2005)
1500 metres - 3:31.95 min (2005)
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Jijel
Algerian male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Algeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Algeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 2009 Mediterranean Games
African Games silver medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Islamic Solidarity Games competitors for Algeria
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in athletics
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
Pedram Ardalany (; born 6 August 1989) is an Iranian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Cumbernauld Colts.
Career
Ardalany signed a 2-year deal with Partick Thistle F.C. on 2 November 2007, in a contract that will keep them at Firhill Stadium until 31 May 2009.
Ardalany made their début for Partick Thistle on 8 April 2008, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1-0 win over Stirling Albion.
Ardalany was released by Partick in January 2009. On 10 February 2009, they signed with junior club side Arthurlie F.C. until the end of the season, however they remained in Barrhead until 2011.
After leaving Arthurlie, Ardalany signed a short-term deal with Arbroath, before returning to Arthurlie in February 2012.
Ardalany returned to Scotland in 2018, after a spell with Iranian team Esteghlal Ahvaz.
References
External links
Iranian footballers
Association football midfielders
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Saipa F.C. players
Iranian expatriate footballers
People from Tehran
1989 births
Living people
Scottish Football League players
Arthurlie F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Arbroath F.C. players
Esteghlal Ahvaz players
Cumbernauld Colts F.C. players
USS Kent County (LST-855) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in Delaware, Maryland, Michigan, Rhode Island, and Texas, they were the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
Originally laid down as USS LST-855 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company of Seneca, Illinois on 6 September 1944; launched on 27 November, sponsored by Mrs. Jean Henning Hoerner; and commissioned on 21 December with Lieutenant (j.g.) Thomas P. Kierl in command.
Service history
World War II, 1945
After shakedown off Florida, LST-855 left New Orleans on 31 December 1944. They Entered the Pacific Ocean through the Panama Canal en route to San Diego, California. In January 1945, they left San Diego en route to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. In February 1945, they left Pearl and docked in the Marshall Islands, specifically at Kwajalein and Enewetak. In April 1945, they left the Marshall Islands en route to Mariana Islands; Guam, Si-pan, and Tinian. In July 1945, they left the Mariana Islands, and arrived in Okinawa. During the remaining months of World War II, they shuttled supplies and equipment among the Marianas, Philippines, and Okinawa staging areas for a possible invasion of Japan.
In late August, they left Okinawa and arrived in Japan. On 30 August 1945, they left Japan and arrived in Leyte Gulf, in the Philippines on 2 September 1945. On 10 September 1945, they left the Philippines and returned to Yokohama, Japan on 29 September 1945. In early October 1945, they left Japan and returned to Guam in mid October 1945. In late October, they departed Guam for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii and arrived in early November. Three weeks later, they left Pearl, and arrived to San Francisco, California on 10 December 1945.
At some point during their visits to Okinawa to deliver supplies they were attacked by a kamikaze fighter. According to Lt. Deitenbeck their cargo was cement which was in bags, in layers on the deck of the ship. According to Lt. Deitenbeck the Kamikaze caused no damage or casualties due to the cement bags on the deck.
1945–1950
The enemy's acceptance of Allied peace terms precluded an invasion; and the landing ship then operated between the Philippines and Japan, transporting occupation forces until mid-November. On 20 November LST-855 departed Guam with over 300 U.S.-bound Pacific veterans on board, arriving San Francisco the following month.
Returning to the Far East seven months later, they arrived Taku, China on 16 July 1946 to support U.S. forces in the area. They made cargo runs among Chinese ports, and served in this capacity until 1949. After the Communist takeover of mainland China, LST-855 returned to the United States, arriving San Diego on 29 July 1949. Operating along the West Coast, the veteran landing ship sailed to Alaska in early September for cargo operations in the North Pacific. They returned Seattle on 15 November and decommissioned at Bremerton on 15 February 1950.
Korea, 1950–1953
After the outbreak of the Korean War, to aid in the movement of men and equipment, LST-855 was recommissioned on 3 November with Lieutenant L. J. Parsons in command. After training off the West Coast, they departed Long Beach on 26 March 1951 for duty in the Western Pacific. Arriving Pusan, Korea on 23 May they unloaded cargo for the war effort, then sailed for Yokohama, Japan. For the next four months they continued cargo operations out of Japan, before making another cargo run to Korea in mid-October. Two months later they embarked North Korean refugees at Paengyang Do and transferred them to Makpo; and in late December they transported troops and vehicles of the 27th Infantry Regiment combat team from Inchon to Koje Do. LST-855 departed Yokosuka, Japan, on 25 February 1952 for a stateside overhaul.
They were back in the Far East on 2 November and resumed cargo operations out of Japan and Korea. For the remainder of the Korean War, they shuttled between Korean and Japanese ports as a logistic support ship. Following the July 1953 armistice which ended the fighting, LST-855 continued cargo runs, operated as a station ship, and transported prisoners of war for repatriation. Returning San Diego on 25 September, they operated off the West Coast for the rest of 1953.
1954–1958
The landing ship sailed for another Far East tour on 28 May 1954 arriving Yokosuka a month later. While operating with 7th Fleet units from August to October, they participated in "Operation Passage to Freedom." They carried refugees, troops and supplies from North Vietnam and transported them to the South. LST-855 continued operating in the Far East; and on 6 February 1955 they were en route to the Tachen Islands to evacuate Nationalist Chinese troops to Formosa when their positions could no longer be defended. Loading 300 troops and vehicles, they departed Tachen Islands on 10 February; and, after off-loading at Keelung, Formosa they resumed duties out of Japan. Returning San Diego on 20 April LST-855 performed amphibious exercises off the West Coast for the remainder of the year. They were named USS Kent County (LST-855) on 1 July 1955. Kent County made their final WestPac cruise in August 1956 engaging in amphibious exercises with 7th Fleet units, then returning to the United States on 14 May 1957 to conduct amphibious exercises off the West Coast and Hawaii.
Decommissioning and disposal
Kent County was decommissioned on 22 January 1958, used as a target ship, and destroyed on 19 March 1958.
Awards
LST-855 received six battle stars for the Korean War.
References
LST-542-class tank landing ships
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Cold War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Korean War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Ships built in Seneca, Illinois
Kent County, Delaware
Kent County, Maryland
Kent County, Michigan
Kent County, Rhode Island
Kent County, Texas
1944 ships
Ships sunk as targets
Maritime incidents in 1958
Tomasz Nowak (30 August 1960 – 1 August 2013) was a Polish boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
2013 deaths
Polish male boxers
Olympic boxers of Poland
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Warsaw
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Featherweight boxers
21st-century Polish people
20th-century Polish people
Shaftesbury Avenue (foaled 1986) was a versatile Australian racehorse who won Group One races from 1,000 to 2,000 metres, and was placed in the Japan Cup over 2,400 metres. They were a regular rival of Super Impose, and the head-to-head scoreline read four apiece in their eight clashes: Super Impose won the big handicaps, while Shaftesbury Avenue normally prevailed at weight-for-age. Trained by Bart Cummings, the big chestnut gelding won Group One races at Randwick (twice), Flemington (three times), and Caulfield, but failed to handle Moonee Valley in their three starts at the track, and was 12th in the Cox Plate in 1991. Shaftesbury Avenue won 13 of their 28 starts and broke down at Royal Randwick, in 1994, while being prepared for a return to racing.
See also
List of millionaire racehorses in Australia
1986 racehorse births
1994 racehorse deaths
Thoroughbred family 2-i
Racehorses bred in Australia
Racehorses trained in Australia
Stenotatus is an extinct genus of cingulate, belonging to the family Dasypodidae. It lived from the Early to the Late Miocene in South America.
Description
Stenotatus was a small to medium-sized armadillo, not exceeding 4 kilograms in weight. It was similar to other Miocene armadillos, from which it was differentiated by its rather long and narrow muzzle, notably the mandible; it had 9 to 10 teeth, simple and oval-shape, with large spaces between the five first teeth. The legs were longer and more specialized than in some of its relatives such as Prozaedyus. The osteoderms composing its mobile armor had three pronounced longitudinal ridges, and it only had a single caudal row of quite narrow piliferous holes.
Classification
The first fossils of this animal were originally described in 1887 under the name Euphractus patagonicus. In 1891, Ameghino described the species Stenotatus karaikensis. The two species were later placed in synonymy, the type species of Stenotatus becoming Stenotatus patagonicus. Other species later attributed to this genus are S. hesternus, S. ornatus, S. centralis and S. planus, all coming from Miocene terrains of Argentina. Fossils attributed to Stenotatus have also been found in Bolivia and Chile.
Stenotatus is one of the most typical armadillos of the South American Miocene; initially considered similar to the extant genus Euphractus, it was later considered close to the genera Proeutatus and Eutatus. It is however still unclear if those two genera constitute a monophyletic group comprising Stenotatus.
Bibliography
Ameghino, F. 1887. Enumeración sistemática de las especies de mamíferos fósiles coleccionados por Carlos Ameghino en los terrenos eocenos de Patagonia austral y depositados en el Museo La Plata. Boletín del Museo La Plata 1: 1-26.
Ameghino, F. 1891. Mamíferos y aves fósiles argentinas. Especies nuevas, adiciones y correcciones. Revista Argentina de Historia Natural 1 (4): 240-259.
Scillato-Yané, G. J. y Carlini, A. A. 1998. Nuevos Xenarthra del Friasense (Mioceno medio) de Argentina. Studia Geologica Salmanticensia 34: 43-67.
A. G. Kramarz, M. G. Vucetich, A. A. Carlini, M. R. Ciancio, M. A. Abello, C. M. Deschamps, and J. N. Gelfo. 2010. A new mammal fauna at the top of the Gran Barranca sequence and its biochronological significance. In R. H. Madden, A. A. Carlini, M. G. Vucetich, R. F. Kay (eds.), The Paleontology of Gran Barranca: Evolution and Environmental Change through the Middle Cenozoic of Patagonia 264–277
Prehistoric cingulates
Prehistoric placental genera
Miocene xenarthrans
Miocene genus first appearances
Miocene mammals of South America
Miocene genus extinctions
Neogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Neogene Chile
Fossils of Bolivia
Neogene Bolivia
Fossils of Chile
Fossil taxa described in 1891
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Chichinales Formation
Golfo San Jorge Basin
A blighted ovum is a pregnancy in which the embryo never develops or develops and is reabsorbed. In a normal pregnancy, an embryo would be visible on an ultrasound by six weeks after the woman's last menstrual period. Anembryonic gestation is one of the causes of miscarriage of a pregnancy.
A blighted ovum or anembryonic gestation is characterized by a normal-appearing gestational sac, but the absence of an embryo. It likely occurs as a result of early embryonic death with continued development of the trophoblast. When small, the sac cannot be distinguished from the early normal pregnancy, as there may be a yolk sac, though a fetal pole is not seen. For diagnosis, the sac must be of sufficient size that the absence of normal embryonic elements is established. The criteria depend on the type of ultrasound exam performed. A pregnancy is anembryonic if a transvaginal ultrasound reveals a sac with a mean gestational sac diameter (MGD) greater than 25 mm and no yolk sac, or an MGD >25 mm with no embryo. Transabdominal imaging without transvaginal scanning may be sufficient for diagnosing early pregnancy failure when
an embryo whose crown–rump length is 15 mm or more has no visible cardiac activity.
See also
Ovum
Products of conception
References
External links
Blighted Ovum on WebMD
Anembryonic pregnancy on Radiopaedia.org
Health issues in pregnancy
Pregnancy with abortive outcome
Yenigüney, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
is a professional Japanese baseball player. They play catcher for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.
External links
NPB.com
1996 births
Living people
Baseball people from Yamaguchi Prefecture
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball catchers
Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters players
The 2008 Prince Edward Island Scotties Tournament of Hearts was held Jan. 18–22 in at the Charlottetown Curling Club in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. The winning team was Team Suzanne Gaudet who represented Prince Edward Island, finished with a 3–8 record at the 2008 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Regina, Saskatchewan.
Teams
Draw 1
January 18, 3:00 PM AT
Draw 2
February 18, 8:10 PM AT
Draw 3
January 19, 2:00 PM AT
A Side Final
January 19, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 4
January 19, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 5
January 20, 2:00 PM AT
B Side Final
January 20, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 6
January 20, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 7
January 21, 3:00 PM AT
C Side Final
January 21, 8:00 PM AT
Final
February 18, Time TBA MT
References
Prince Edward Island Scotties Tournament Of Hearts, 2008
Prince Edward Island Scotties
Limnocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
Species
There are currently four recognized species in this genus:
Limnocottus bergianus Taliev, 1935
Limnocottus godlewskii (Dybowski, 1874)
Limnocottus griseus (Taliev, 1955)
Limnocottus pallidus Taliev, 1948
References
Abyssocottidae
Scorpaeniformes genera
Fish of Lake Baikal
The Stranger Beside Me is a 1980 autobiographical and biographical true crime book written by Ann Rule about serial killer Ted Bundy, whom they knew personally before and after their arrest for a series of murders. Subsequent revisions of the book were published in 1986, 1989, 2000, and 2008.
Plot summary
The first few chapters following the brief introduction about Bundy's birth and family describe Rule's friendship with Bundy, their first impressions of him, and their reluctance to consider the evidence that they might be responsible for the crimes of which they were accused. They met Bundy in 1971 when they were a psychology student at the University of Washington and contemplating a career in law and politics. They worked together at a crisis center taking telephone calls from those at risk of suicide or facing other difficulties. Rule considered Bundy "kind, solicitous, and empathetic".
Rule and Bundy developed a close friendship, sharing meals and conversations. Over a decade older than Bundy, Rule later stated that they would have trusted Bundy to care for their young children. They fell out of contact in late 1973 after they stopped working at the crisis center.
Starting in early 1974, a series of brutal murders of young women in the Seattle area shocked the city and gained major attention. Women were killed at a rate of roughly once every 30 days. Bundy was considered a possible suspect from the summer of 1974, when the unidentified killer was observed by several witnesses talking with two young women who later disappeared at Lake Sammamish State Park.
The man was described as tall, handsome and identified themselves as "Ted." A sketch based on eyewitness descriptions was noted by several people—including Rule—to resemble Bundy. Rule thought it unlikely that Bundy was a killer but nonetheless reported them to police. However, authorities were overwhelmed with tips regarding the murders and did not initially believe Bundy was a likely suspect due to their superficially respectable persona.
Bundy relocated to Salt Lake City in late 1974 after being admitted to law school at the University of Utah. The killings in Seattle suddenly stopped, but young women in Utah, Colorado and Idaho began disappearing and being murdered under similar circumstances to the Seattle-area crimes. Police investigators in several states began sharing information, increasingly narrowing down on Bundy as their suspect in the string of unsolved murders.
In September 1975, Bundy telephoned Rule from Salt Lake, requesting help via their police department contacts to know why police in Seattle were serving subpoenas for their school records from Utah. They did not mention that in August 1975 they had been arrested and charged with the November 1974 kidnapping of a young woman who had been abducted by a man who posed as a police officer in Murray, Utah. After a bench trial, Bundy was sentenced to 1 to 15 years in Utah.
They were extradited to Colorado to face murder charges, but Rule was still resistant to admitting that their friend was a possible killer. Bundy twice escaped from custody in Colorado, sending letters or postcards to Rule while on the run. They proclaimed their innocence and asked for money to help enter Canada. The fugitive eventually made their way to Florida.
In January 1978, they went on a rampage at a Chi Omega sorority house at Florida State University, beating several women (two of whom later died). In The Stranger Beside Me, this incident is narrated in third person, but not omnisciently, as the perpetrator is not identified as being Bundy, thus keeping the documentation of these events in-sync with the knowledge available to officers at the time Rule wrote. Bundy went on to kill another adult woman and rape and kill a 12-year-old girl whom they snatched from outside their school.
It is not until Bundy's capture in February 1978, and their subsequent trials in Florida when Bundy represented themselves in court, that Rule fully accepts that Bundy is a serial killer. The turning point, Rule states, came after forensic dentists testified that Bundy's teeth matched the deep bite mark on the body of one of the Florida State victims. This was the first physical evidence that definitely linked them to the crimes, making it impossible for Rule to maintain doubt about their guilt. Rule finds the idea shocking to the point that they "[runs] to the ladies room and throws up."
An afterword, following Rule's lament for Bundy and their victims, describes the trial of Bundy for the murder of 12-year-old Kimberly Leach in Florida. Bundy was sentenced to death in Florida. They continued to assert innocence for several years, but shortly before execution confessed to over 30 murders in an apparent bid to delay their death.
The 1989 update outlines Bundy's execution, and the 2000 update touches on many things, including various women claiming to have encountered Bundy in the 1970s, Robert Keppel's retirement from detective work and their employment at the University of Washington, and Bundy's possible involvement in the unsolved disappearance of Ann Marie Burr, a girl who disappeared in 1961 when Bundy was 14.
A 2008 update of the book includes more stories from women who have contacted Rule with stories of their "near-miss" contacts with a man they believe was Ted Bundy, and also a "Ted Bundy FAQ" section in which Rule tries to answer the questions most frequently asked by readers, including the fact that they were not responsible for the 1973 murder of Kathy Merry Devine, for which they were long suspected. DNA profiling linked that killing to an ex-convict named William Cosden, who was subsequently tried and convicted of their murder.
Film adaptation
In 2003, The Stranger Beside Me was adapted into a made-for-TV film starring Billy Campbell as Bundy and Barbara Hershey as Rule.
References
External links
The Stranger Beside Me - book information on publisher website
1980 non-fiction books
American autobiographies
Autobiographies adapted into films
Non-fiction books about Ted Bundy
Simon & Schuster books
Non-fiction books about murders in the United States
Lillico is a rural locality in the local government area (LGA) of Devonport in the North-west and west LGA region of Tasmania. The locality is about north-west of the town of Devonport. The 2016 census recorded a population of 25 for the state suburb of Lillico.
History
Lillico was gazetted as a locality in 1962. It is believed to be named for Alexander Lillico, a Tasmanian politician who represented the area from 1924 to 1954.
Geography
The waters of Bass Strait form the northern boundary. The Western Railway Line passes through from east to north-west.
Road infrastructure
National Route 1 (Bass Highway) runs through from east to north-west.
References
Towns in Tasmania
Devonport, Tasmania
Snow Pink is the second extended play by South Korean girl group Apink. It was released on November 21, 2011, with the lead single "My My" used to promote the EP.
Background and release
Snow Pink was released three months after Apink's debut EP, Seven Springs of Apink. The main producers for the album were Shinsadong Tiger, Super Changttai and Rado.
Singles
The lead single from the album was "My My" which was composed by Shinsadong Tiger and Rado. Promotions for the song began on November 25, on KBS' Music Bank. The song peaked at number 16 on Gaon's digital chart and Billboard's K-Pop Hot 100. A Japanese version of the song was later included on the group's Japanese single, "NoNoNo", released October 22, 2014.
Track listing
Charts
Sales and certifications
References
Apink albums
2011 EPs
Dance-pop EPs
Korean-language EPs
Cube Entertainment EPs
The Australian Department of Education was a department of the Government of Australia charged with the responsibility for national policies and programs to help Australians access quality and affordable childcare; early childhood education, school education, post-school, higher education, international education and academic research. The head of the department was the Secretary of the Department of Education, Lisa Paul , who reported to the Minister for Education, the Hon. Christopher Pyne , the Assistant Minister for Education, the Hon. Sussan Ley , and the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Education, Senator the Hon. Scott Ryan.
History
The department was formed by way of an Administrative Arrangements Order issued on 18 September 2013 and replaced the functions previously performed by the Department of Education, Employment and Workplace Relations (DEEWR). DEEWR was formed in 2007 and absorbed the former Department of Education, Science and Training and the former Department of Employment and Workplace Relations.
The department was dissolved by way of an Administrative Arrangements Order issued on 23 December 2014 and superseded by the Department of Education and Training.
Operational activities
The functions of the department were broadly classified into the following matters:
Schools education policy and programs, including vocational education and training in schools, but excluding migrant adult education
Schooling transitions policy and programs including career pathways
Education and training transitions policy and programs
Youth affairs and programs, including youth transitions
Early childhood and childcare policy and programs
Co-ordination of early childhood development policy and responsibilities
Higher education policy, regulation and programs
Policy, coordination and support for international education
See also
Minister for Education
List of Australian Commonwealth Government entities
Education in Australia
References
External links
Department of Education website
Australian Institute for Teaching and School Leadership Website
Australia, Education
2014 establishments in Australia
Public policy in Australia
A universal differential equation (UDE) is a non-trivial differential algebraic equation with the property that its solutions can approximate any continuous function on any interval of the real line to any desired level of accuracy.
External links
Wolfram Mathworld page on UDEs
Differential equations
Approximation theory
Nicolai Misje (born 22 December 1987) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Åsane.
Born in Bergen, they joined SK Brann as a product of Brann's own junior team. They debuted against Fredrikstad FK in autumn 2005.
Misje has been troubled by injuries. In November 2006 it was revealed that Misje suffered from chronic fatigue syndrome which they developed after struggling with glandular fever. It was unknown when or if they would ever return to the pitch. However, in November 2007 Brann gave Misje a new contract because they had recovered. In the first round of the Norwegian Football Cup 2008, Misje made their first appearance since 2006. They joined Bryne FK on loan in 2008, and ahead of the 2009 season they joined Alta IF in the second highest league. They returned to Bergen and Løv-Ham.
They later joined Fyllingen, first on loan in August 2010, then permanently in 2011. In 2012, they moved to Åsane.
References
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bergen
Norwegian footballers
SK Brann players
Bryne FK players
Alta IF players
Løv-Ham Fotball players
Fyllingen Fotball players
Åsane Fotball players
Association football midfielders
Osmanköy, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Fazle Mahmud Rabbi (born 13 December 1987) is a first-class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes referred to on scoresheets by their nickname 'Rabbi'. They made their first-class debut for Barisal Division in 2003–04 against Dhaka Division.
They were the leading run-scorer for Prime Doleshwar Sporting Club in the 2017–18 Dhaka Premier Division Cricket League, with 708 runs in 16 matches.
In August 2018, they were one of twelve debutants to be selected for a 31-man preliminary squad for Bangladesh ahead of the 2018 Asia Cup. In October 2018, they were named in Bangladesh's One Day International (ODI) for their series against Zimbabwe. They made their ODI debut for Bangladesh against Zimbabwe on 21 October 2018.
In October 2018, they were named in the squad for the Rajshahi Kings team, following the draft for the 2018–19 Bangladesh Premier League. They were the leading run-scorer for Brothers Union in the 2018–19 Dhaka Premier Division Cricket League tournament, with 603 runs in 13 matches. In November 2019, they were selected to play for the Rangpur Rangers in the 2019–20 Bangladesh Premier League.
In December 2021, they were named as the replacement of Shakib Al Hasan to Bangladesh's Test squad for their series against New Zealand.
References
1987 births
Living people
Bangladesh One Day International cricketers
Bangladeshi cricketers
Barisal Division cricketers
Kala Bagan Krira Chakra cricketers
Khelaghar Samaj Kallyan Samity cricketers
Victoria Sporting Club cricketers
Bangladesh South Zone cricketers
Prime Doleshwar Sporting Club cricketers
Rangpur Rangers cricketers
Rajshahi Kings cricketers
Brothers Union cricketers
People from Barisal
Rupganj Tigers Cricket Club cricketers
is the sixth single by Japanese singer/songwriter Chisato Moritaka. The lyrics were written by Moritaka and the music was composed by Hideo Saitō. The single was released by Warner Pioneer on February 25, 1989. The full title of the single is , a remix of "Stress" with Middle Eastern-style synthesizer arrangements.
Background
During a rehearsal in the middle of their first national tour in 1988, Moritaka suffered abdominal pain and had to be hospitalized for a week after being diagnosed with acute enteritis. Them doctor told them that the inflammation was caused by mental stress. As a result, the experience inspired them to write "The Stress".
Music video
The music video features Moritaka as a waiter having to deal with all kinds of customers at a ramen restaurant while visualizing their stress as a ghostly entity watching them Since the video's release, the waiter uniform has been one of their regular costumes on their live performances. The contents of the original 8" LaserDisc release were compiled in the 2000 DVD Chisato Moritaka DVD Collection No. 5: Mite/The Stress/17-sai.
Chart performance
"The Stress" peaked at No. 19 on Oricon's singles chart and sold 40,000 copies, making it their first top-20 hit.
Other versions
Remixes of "The Stress" were released in the 1989 greatest hits album Moritaka Land and the 1991 remix album The Moritaka.
Moritaka re-recorded the song as and uploaded the video on their YouTube channel on April 25, 2014. This version is also included in Moritaka's 2015 self-covers DVD album Love Vol. 7.
The song was remixed by tofubeats in the 2014 collaboration album Chisato Moritaka with tofubeats: Moritaka Tofu.
Track listing
All lyrics are written by Chisato Moritaka, except where indicated; all music is composed and arranged by Hideo Saitō, except where indicated.
Personnel
Chisato Moritaka – vocals
Hideo Saitō – guitar, drum and synthesizer programming
Chart positions
Natsumi Abe version
"The Stress" was covered by Natsumi Abe in 2006 as their seventh single. This version reached No. 14 in Oricon's singles chart. Abe performed an a cappella version of the song in a Georgia GABA commercial.
Track listing
Chart positions
References
External links
Chisato Moritaka
(Single)
(Video)
Natsumi Abe
1989 singles
1989 songs
1989 video albums
2006 singles
Japanese-language songs
Chisato Moritaka songs
Songs with lyrics by Chisato Moritaka
Songs with music by Hideo Saitō (musician, born 1958)
Warner Music Japan singles
Maharashtra State Highway 151, commonly referred to as SH 151, is a state highway that runs south through Solapur district in the state of Maharashtra. This state highway touches the cities of Barshi – Vairag – Solapur – Akkalkot and then proceeds south towards Maharashtra-Karnataka state border.
Summary
In Solapur district this highway is also known as Barshi-Solapur-Akkalkot-Dudhani Road. During the Fifth Five-Year Plan a provision of Rs. 22.46 lakhs has been made for the improvement of this road with some minor bridges. Besides, Rs. 4.75 lakhs have also been sanctioned for a bridge on this road across the river Bori near Umarage.
This road emanates from Miraj-Pandharpur-Latur State highway at Barshi. Its total length in the district is 135 kilometres. The road runs towards south up to Solapur and then south-eastwards up to Dudhani. The road passes through Barshi, Solapur North, Solapur South and Akkalkot talukas. The road-surface up to Solapur is black-topped and is motorable throughout the year except for some interruptions during heavy rains. The entire length of the road up to Akkalkot is black-topped beyond which it is water-bound macadam. The road is motorable throughout the year except some obstructions at Bori river near Umarge village during the monsoon.
Route description
Below is the brief summary of the route followed by this state highway.
Solapur District
Barshi Taluka
This highway starts from Barshi City in Barshi Taluka of Solapur District and proceeds South East towards Akkalkot. After Travelling for another , it exits Barshi Taluka after crossing Shelgaon village and enters the Solapur North Taluka.
Solapur North Taluka
Once this highway enters Solapur North taluka, it travels for another where merges in to National Highway 9 at Bale village and enters Solapur city. It travels with National Highway 9 for and inside Solapur city it branches off south wards to continue towards Akkalkot. After travelling for it exits Solapur North Taluka just before Kumbhari Village and enters Solapur South taluka.
Solapur South Taluka
After Kumbhari village this highway travels for another and exits Solapur South taluka just before entering Karjal village and enters Akkalkot Taluka.
Akkalkot Taluka
After crossing Karjal village this highway travels for another where State Highway 154 merges in to it just outside Akkalkot city. State Highway 154 travels with this highway for another to enter Akkalkot city and then branches off north to continue towards Osmanabad district whereas this highway continues south-east. Inside Akkalkot city after another State Highway 162 starts off from this highway and then continues north east towards Beed district, while this highway turns southwards towards Maharashtra-Karnataka state border near Dudhani village. This highway ends just near Dudhani village at Maharashtra-Karnataka state border, after traveling for . From this point it continues in to Karnataka State.
Major junctions
The following roads either emanate from it or are crossed by it. This list has been separated by district and talukas for easy reading.
National Highways
NH 9 at Bale village
NH 13 at Solapur city
NH 211 at Solapur city
State Highways
State Highway 67 at Barshi city.
State Highway 77 at Barshi city.
State Highway 150 at Vairag village.
State Highway 154 at Akkalkot city.
State Highway 162 at Akkalkot city.
Connections
This highway touches the following important places in its stretch. All the list has been separated by district and talukas for easy reading. Also in each table, the distance of the place from important places in the route of this highway are also mentioned.
Solapur District
See also
List of State Highways in Maharashtra
References
State Highways in Maharashtra
The Cougar C02 was a Group C sports car prototype race car, designed, developed, and built by French constructor Cougar in 1983, and used in sports car racing from 1983 to 1984. It was the successor the C01. Its best result was at the 1984 500 km of Watkins Glen, where drivers Yves Courage and John Jellinek, and Alain de Cadenet finished in 9th-place, respectively.
Development history and technology
The Cougar C02 is a closed Group C prototype, was developed and built by Yves Courage in 1985 and prepared for the respective races by their own racing team, Cougar. Powered by a Formula One-derived naturally aspirated Ford-Cosworth DFL V8 engine, producing a respectable @ 9,500 rpm. These droves the rear wheels through a 5-speed manual transmission. The whole car weighed . This allowed it to go and reach a top speed of .
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Ford vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1983
Cars of France
Group C
Hrazdan may refer to:
Hrazdan, a city in Armenia
Hrazdan (river) in Armenia
Hrazdan stadium, a soccer stadium in Yerevan, Armenia
Geghashen, Armenia
Masis (city), Armenia
A tropical fruit one that typically grows in warm climates, or equatorial areas.
Tropical fruits
Varieties of tropical fruit include:
Acerola (West Indian Cherry or Barbados Cherry)
Ackee
Banana
Barbadine (granadilla; maracujá-açu in Portuguese)
Brazil nut
Breadfruit
Canistel
Carambola (star fruit or five fingers)
Cashew
Chenet (guinep or ackee; pitomba-das-Guinas in Portuguese)
Cherimoya
Caimito (caimite; related to the yellow abiu - egg fruit)
Cocoa
Coconut
Coffee
Custard apple
Durian
Genipap
Governor plum
Guaraná
Guava
Hog plum (taperebá in Portuguese)
Jackfruit
Longan
Lychee
Macadamia
Mamey sapote (mammee apple; abricó in Portuguese)
Mamoncillo
Mango
Mangosteen
Marang
Papaya
Passion fruit
Patashte (cupuaçu in Portuguese)
Persimmon
Pewa (peach nut; pupunha in Portuguese)
Pili nut
Pineapple
Plantain
Pois doux (ice-cream bean; inga-cipó in Portuguese)
Pomegranate
Pommerac (Otaheite apple; Malay apple; jambo in Portuguese)
Pommecythere (golden apple or June plum; cajamanga or cajarana in Portuguese)
Rambutan
Sapodilla (naseberry)
Soursop (graviola in Portuguese)
Sugar apple (ata in Portuguese)
Sweetsop
Tamarind
Wax apple (bell apple)
White sapote
See also
List of culinary fruits
External links
Fruit
Letpatan or Letpadan is a town in Tharrawaddy District, Pegu region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Letpadan Township.
References
External links
"Letpatan Map — Satellite Images of Letpatan" Maplandia
Township capitals of Myanmar
Populated places in Bago Region
Gümüşlü, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Robert John Renison (8 September 1875 – 6 October 1957) was an Irish-born Anglican bishop who worked in Canada.
Renison was born in Cashel, County Tipperary into an ecclesiastical family on 8 September 1875 and educated at Trinity College School and the University of Toronto. Ordained in 1896, their first position was as a curate at the Church of the Messiah, Toronto, after which they were a missionary at Fort Albany. They were the Archdeacon of Moosonee and, after World War I service, the Archdeacon of Hamilton. They were then rector of Christ Church, Vancouver until 1929 when they became Dean of New Westminster. In 1931 they were elected Bishop of Athabasca but only held the post for a year. From then until 1943 they were rector of St Paul's Toronto when they became the Bishop of Moosonee. In 1952 they became the Metropolitan of Ontario, a position they held until retirement in 1954. They died on 6 October 1957. Renison University College in Waterloo, Ontario is named after him.
Arms
References
1866 births
People from County Tipperary
Trinity College (Canada) alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Anglican archdeacons in North America
Deans of New Westminster
Anglican bishops of Moosonee
Anglican bishops of Athabasca
20th-century Anglican Church of Canada bishops
Metropolitans of Ontario
20th-century Anglican archbishops
1957 deaths
The Antilles Episcopal Conference (AEC) is a Roman Catholic episcopal conference. Its members are bishops and archbishops from current and former British, Dutch, and French colonies and dependencies in the Caribbean (excluding Haiti), Central America, and northern South America. The conference's membership includes five archdioceses, fourteen dioceses, and two missions sui iuris. These particular Churches minister to Catholics in thirteen independent nations, six British Overseas Territories, three departments of France, three countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and 3 municipalities of the Netherlands proper.
The bishop from an American insular area, the United States Virgin Islands, has been granted observer status. The episcopal conference is led by a president, who must be a diocesan ordinary and is elected by the membership of the conference for a three-year term. The conference also elects a vice president, who has the same qualifications as the president, and a treasurer, who can be a diocesan ordinary, a coadjutor bishop, or an auxiliary bishop. Additionally, a permanent board — consisting of the president, vice president, treasurer, the metropolitan archbishops and two other elected members — handles administrative issues between plenary meetings of the conference. The president of the conference is currently Gabriel Malzaire, Bishop of Roseau, while the vice president is Charles Jason Gordon, Archbishop of Port of Spain.
The Holy See appoints an apostolic delegate to the Antilles Episcopal Conference, who also serves as the Apostolic nuncio (papal ambassador) to the independent nations of the conference. The nunciature is located in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. The current apostolic delegate is Archbishop Fortunatus Nwachukwu, who replaced Archbishop Nicola Girasoli after they were appointed as Apostolic Nuncio to Peru.
Member jurisdictions
See also
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Caribbean Conference of Churches
References
Sources and external links
Antilles Episcopal Conference
GCatholic
Antilles
Catholic Church in South America
Catholic Church in the Caribbean
Zanina is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 125 square kilometers and includes 3 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,492. The village of Débéla, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 45 km northwest of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Deirochelyinae are a subfamily of the Emydidae consisting of species native to North and South America, some of which are frequently kept as pets. As a result of pet trade, one species, the red-eared slider, can now be found in many parts of the world.
Classification
Species
References
External links
Family Emydidae on The Reptile Database
Emydidae
Turtles of North America
Horst Janssen (14 November 192931 August 1995) was a German draftsman, printmaker, poster artist and illustrator. They had a prolific output of drawings, etchings, woodcuts, lithographs and wood engravings.
Janssen was a student of Alfred Mahlau at the . They first published in the newsweekly in 1947. In the early 1950s, they started working in lithography, on an initiative of paper manufacturer Guido Dessauer, using the technical facilities of a coloured paper factory. The first retrospective of Janssen's drawings and graphic works was shown in 1965, first in the Hanover, then in other German cities and in Basel. In 1966, they were awarded Hamburg's Edwin Scharff Prize. International exhibitions followed. In 1968, they received the Grand Prize in graphic art at the Venice Biennale; in 1977, their works were shown at the documenta VI in Kassel.
The Horst Janssen Museum in their hometown of Oldenburg is dedicated to their legacy. Their work is shown internationally in major museums.
Their life was marked by numerous marriages, outspoken opinions, alcoholism, and selfless dedication to the art of printmaking.
Early life and education
Janssen was born in Hamburg. Their mother, Martha Janssen, was a dressmaker from Oldenburg; they never knew their father. Janssen was brought up by their mother and grandparents at Lerchenstraße 14, Oldenburg. They were adopted by their grandfather, and following their death, they were adopted by the Guardianship Court in 1939.
In 1942, they became a student at the National Political Institute of Education ( or napola) in Haselünne, Emsland, where an art teacher, Hans Wienhausen, encouraged their artistic talent. Their mother died in 1943. In 1944, they were adopted by their mother's younger sister, Anna Janssen, and they moved to Hamburg, where they lived. They lived with their Aunt Anna on for the remainder of the war and the postwar period. They later moved to (Harvestehude). In 1946, at the age of sixteen, Janssen enrolled at the (regional art school) in Hamburg, where they studied with Alfred Mahlau, proving to be an outstanding pupil from the outset.
First publications
Janssen's first publication was a drawing in the weekly newspaper in 1947. The following year they published their first book, the children's book (Are you all there?), with Rolf Italiaander. In 1950 their first child, son Clemens, was born and they wrote and illustrated their second book, (The race between the hare and the hedgehog on the Buxtehude Heath), for the birthday of a little girl named Friederike Gutsche. It was published in a facsimile edition in 1973.
Janssen produced their first woodcuts, influenced by Edvard Munch. Dominant themes were animals along with man and woman. In 1952, they received a Lichtwark scholarship in Hamburg. Around the same time, they were forced to leave the . The following year, they were arrested after a drunken brawl and tried for murder. They were found innocent of the charge, but received a suspended sentence for drunkenness.
Lithography
In the early 1950s, they received a commission from the paper manufacturer Guido Dessauer for a portrait of their father-in-law, the diplomat Friedrich von Keller, followed by other portraits of family members. Janssen was able to create their first lithographs using the technical equipment of the Aschaffenburger Buntpapierfabrik. Their early lithographs were shown in 2000 by the Hamburger Kunsthalle. They included "" (Tree Mound; 1957); their first self-portraits, such as "Selbst-innig" (Intimate with Self; 1966) and poster designs, influenced by Ben Shan, for their own exhibitions. Another self-portrait, "" (Self, singing), shows the artist with wide open mouth, as if expressing "" (profound despair about the world and God), according to a reviewer. They changed a lithograph by Oskar Kokoschka, picturing themselves upright, the other of two figures kneeling, titled "" (Oskar loves me like that – Yes!). The exhibition also showed a piece, on which Janssen and their colleague André Thomkins had pictured each other, together with Thomkins' aphorism "" (To not know all means forgive all).
In 1955, they married Marie Knauer and in 1956, had a second child, a daughter, Katrin (nicknamed Lamme). During this period, they worked on a series of large-scale color woodcuts that were displayed in their apartment in 1957. Janssen gained recognition and had an exhibition in Hanover in the Hans Brockstedt Gallery in 1957. After this successful show, they suddenly switched to etching, becoming a pupil of Paul Wunderlich, whom they later considered a rival. Their marriage to Marie ended in divorce in 1959. Their art was now influenced by art brut and Jean Dubuffet. A new marriage, to Birgit Sandner, was followed by a separation a few weeks later. The following year, 1960, they married Verena von Bethmann Hollweg who, in 1961, gave birth to their third child, a son named Philip.
Art Prize
In 1964, Horst Janssen was awarded the Darmstadt Art Prize. In 1965, a retrospective of their drawings and graphic works appeared in the in Hanover. Wieland Schmied, the director of the praised them as "" ("the greatest draftsman besides Picasso. But Picasso is a different generation"). Their works were seen in the tradition of Goya, Ensor, Klinger, Munch, Redon and Kubin. Titles included "" (Death Dance), "Idiot", "High Society", "" (Sloshed), a self-portrait, "" (Twist dancing hookers), "" (Klee and Ensor, arguing over a kipper, "" carrying the double meaning, both a smoked herring and a bowing) and "". The collection, the first major public display of their work, was also shown in Hamburg, Darmstadt, Berlin, Düsseldorf, Stuttgart, Munich and Basel.
Their position as a respected artist was bolstered by winning Hamburg's Edwin Scharff Prize in 1966. The following year, two of the most important people of their youth died, their Aunt Anna and their teacher Alfred Mahlau. Janssen moved to Mühlenberger Weg in Blankenese. The following year, they were divorced from their third wife. Their art now dealt with the losses of these years. They won first prize for graphic art at the 1968 Venice Biennale. They began a love affair with Gesche Tietjens. A trip with them to Svanshall, Skåne County, in southern Sweden led to many beautiful drawings of the coastlines. Their concentration on landscapes was supported by their return to etching. In 1972, they separated from Tietjen, then pregnant with their child, Adam. In 1973, they had a love affair with Bettina Sartorius. In 1975, they won another prize, the Schiller Prize of the City of Mannheim, where their large drawing retrospective was organized in 1976. In 1977, their work was shown at the documenta VI in Kassel, in 1980 at the Art Institute of Chicago, in 1982 at Vienna's Albertina.
The city of Oldenburg made them an honorary citizen in 1992.
Horst Janssen died in Hamburg on 31 August 1995 and was buried in Oldenburg in Gertruden Cemetery.
Awards
Legacy
During Janssen's lifetime, their work was shown internationally, for example, in Basel (1966), London (1970), Zürich, Oslo, Göteborg (all in 1971), New York (1974), Turin (1975), Cambridge, Barcelona, Lugano (all 1976), Chicago (1980), travelling exhibition in Japan (1982), travelling exhibition in the U.S. (1983–1985) and Nowosibirsk (1985). More recently, their work has been shown at major museums, such as the Rembrandt House Museum in Amsterdam (2008). An exhibition at the Leopold Museum in Vienna in 2004, "Egon Schiele / Horst Janssen", explored their work in relation to the art of Egon Schiele.
In 2000, the Horst Janssen Museum, an art museum, was opened in Oldenburg. Special exhibitions there have explored their work in relation to other artists, such as Goya.  They are represented in the (Collection of contemporary art of the Federal Republic of Germany) in Bonn.
A biography, (1984), was written by Stefan Blessin, who in 1992, added ("Horst Janssen – From Darkness into Light"). In 2001, Janssen's friend Joachim Fest published ("Horst Janssen. Self-Portrait in a Foreign Hand") and in 2006, ("The Horrible Pleasure of the Eye. Memories of Horst Janssen"). Janssen's own memoirs were published in 2006 by Gesche Tietjens, titled ("Summary of Summaries, a Book of Life Reader").
Catalogues
Wieland Schmied, Carl Vogel: Horst Janssen (with a catalogue of graphic art to 1965 by Carl Vogel), kestnergesellschaft 1965
, 1995, ,
, 1995, ,
Drawings and etchings, Claude Bernard Gallery, New York, St. Gertrude, Hamburg, 1991,
, 1999, ,
, 1999, Janssen Kabinett ,
Uwe Schneede: , St. Gertrude, Hamburg, 1995,
, 1997, ,
, 1998, ,
, 2000, Horst Janssen Museum,
, 2001, Horst Janssen Museum,
, 2002, Horst Janssen Museum,
, 2002, Horst Janssen Museum,
, 2003, ,
, 2003 Horst Janssen Museum,
Egon Schiele – Horst Janssen, 2004, Horst Janssen Museum,
, 2005, Horst Janssen Museum,
, "", 2008, Horst Janssen Museum,
, Horst Janssen Sammlung Meyer-Schomann, 2008, Horst Janssen Museum,
. , 2011, ISSN 2192-8401
, Verlag St. Gertrude, 1995,
References
External links
Horst Janssen art directory
Horst Janssen Ketterer Kunst
Joachim Fest: Ein Mensch, wie ihn keine Fantasie erdenken konnte Berliner Zeitung 14 April 2001
Horst Janssen Museum Oldenburg / The many facets of a multitalented artist Horst Janssen Museum Oldenburg
1929 births
1995 deaths
German draughtsmen
German poster artists
German printmakers
Artists from Hamburg
Studienstiftung alumni
University of Fine Arts of Hamburg alumni
Far West is a comic book limited series created by Richard Moore and published by Antarctic Press. The setting is an industrial age Western-style secondary world full of creatures such as elves, dwarves, centaurs and other fantasy creatures.
Plot
Meg, a half-elf gunslinger and their partner Phil, a talking grizzly bear. As bounty hunters, they are hired to capture an outlaw who uses a fire-breathing dragon to rob trains. They later come into conflict with a gang of ogres led by the notorious Moonshine Kid. In their latest (currently unpublished) adventure, they pursue a fugitive into the haunted Badlands and have to fight against an evil spirit called Kodiki who can transform themselves into the physical manifestations of their worst fears.
Publication history
The Far West storyline consisted of four issues published in Nov. 1998 – May 1999; a second volume consisting of two issues, published in Feb.–Apr. 2000; and a full-color one-shot published in 2008.
Collected editions
Far West (NBM Publishing, 2001) — includes "Dragon Train" parts 1–4, "Hole in the Head Gang" parts 1 and 2, and a bonus story — "Pookah Party"
Far West Pocket Manga Vol. 1 (Antarctic Press, 2008)
Far West: Badder Mojo (Antarctic Press, 2009) — includes "Bad Mojo" and "Badder Mojo". It was the first book of the series to be published in color.
Cast
Main characters
Ra'Meghan Val'Norium – Half elf, half Native American gunfighter who usually wears a breech cloth, assless chaps, and a bowler hat.
Phil – Meg's sidekick who is a crackshot with a winchester rifle. Unlike the wild Meg who loves gambling, getting drunk and starting fights, Phil is more calm and restrained.
Villains
Darian Voss – Elf train-robber who lives in Troll country and is recognisable for their muttonchop sideburns and handlebar moustache.
Moonshine Kid – A bandit trapped in a child's body after drinking the elixir of life.
Hole-in-the Head Gang – The Kid's dim-witted ogre henchmen
High-Top – A snake oil salesperson who tries to kill Meg after losing a game of poker. Meg kills them by poisoning their beer with a flesh-eating water demon.
Bellboy – A lecherous dwarf bribed by High-Top to put a water demon in Meg's bath.
Phooka – A goat faced goblin capable of changing their shape.
Sheetfire – A goblin who sold the dragon to Darian Voss.
Others
Cyrus Shaldak – Detective who leads the Blackhawk Posse.
Blackhawk Posse – A rival gang of bounty hunters who take the credit by bringing in Voss's body.
Blind Man – Insane hermit who tries to warn Meg about the dragons
Trolls – The equivalent of cowboys who wrangle fire-breathing dragons.
References
External links
Far West review by Amy Harlib
Far West on Google Books
Elves in popular culture
Fantasy Westerns
Fantasy graphic novels
is a private women's junior college in Settsu, Osaka, Japan, established in 1966.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1966
Educational institutions disestablished in 2013
Defunct private universities and colleges in Japan
Settsu, Osaka
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
1966 establishments in Japan
2013 disestablishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Tepeköy, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
The Diocese of Cardica (Latin: Dioecesis Cardicensis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Cardica in the Thessaly region of Greece. In 1389, it was suppressed. It was later revived as a titular episcopal see.
Ordinaries
Diocese of Cardica
Erected: 1208
Latin Name: Cardicensis
Luca, O.S.M. (22 Dec 1363 Appointed – )
Suppressed: 1389
See also
Catholic Church in Greece
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Greece
Medieval Thessaly
"Give It to You" is a song recorded by American singer/songwriter Martha Wash and the second release from their self-titled 1992 debut album, Martha Wash, and the follow-up single to "Carry On". The track, written and produced by Brian Alexander Morgan, would be their second number-one single on Billboards Dance Club Songs chart, reaching the top spot on April 3, 1993. It also became a modest crossover hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 90 in 1993.
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "Second shot from Wash's self-titled solo debut has more of a Black Box vibe than their recent No. 1 hit, "Carry On." The hook is simply irresistible, while the bass line firmly supports shoulder-shaking backup vocals and a plethora of cool keyboard effects. As always, Wash's one-of-a-kind soprano is the shining light of this track." Randy Clark from Cashbox described it as "a rather simple, cliched melody with its repetitious, discotheque beat". Music writer James Masterton deemed it "a fairly standard piece of jack swing soul" in their weekly UK chart commentary. Ralph Tee from Music Weeks RM Dance Update commented, "Martha opens their lungs and belts out the song with vitality and excitement, reflecting the urgency and uplifting quality of the music. An exceptional house track."
Music video
A music video was produced to promote the single, directed by German director Marcus Nispel. It features Wash performing in a castle, surrounded by shirtless male dancers.
Impact and legacy
In 1996, British DJ duo Sharp Boyz picked the song as one of their favourites. George Mitchell said, "When I first heard this I had to buy two copies, it's a classic diva track. You need two copies so you can play them back to back." Steven React added, "She's one of the best vocalists in the world."
Track listings
CD Maxi (US)"Give It to You" (Top 40 Version by Dennis Ferrante and Kenny Ortiz) — 3:06
"Give It to You" (Maurice's Mix) — 3:53
"Give It to You" (Morales' Mix) — 3:49
"Give It to You" (LP Version) — 3:49
2x12" Single (US)'
"Give It to You" (Momo's Klub Mix) — 6:44
"Give It to You" (Dead Zone Mix) — 5:42
"Give It to You" (Maurice's Klub Mix) — 6:48
"Give It to You" (Kaoz Klub Mix) — 6:24
"Give It to You" (Def Dub Mix) — 6:25
"Give It to You" (Momo's Dub Mix) — 7:34
"Give It to You" (Maurice's Underground Playground) — 7:25
"Give It to You" (Kaoz Dub It To You Mix) — 6:35
"Give It to You" (Top 40 Version) — 3:06
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Official video at YouTube
1993 singles
1993 songs
Martha Wash songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Brian Alexander Morgan
Music videos directed by Marcus Nispel
David A. Bader (born May 4, 1969) is a Distinguished Professor and Director of the Institute for Data Science at the New Jersey Institute of Technology. Previously, they served as the Chair of the Georgia Institute of Technology School of Computational Science & Engineering, where they were also a founding professor, and the executive director of High-Performance Computing at the Georgia Tech College of Computing. In 2007, they were named the first director of the Sony Toshiba IBM Center of Competence for the Cell Processor at Georgia Tech. Bader has served on the Computing Research Association's Board of Directors, the National Science Foundation's Advisory Committee on Cyberinfrastructure, and on the IEEE Computer Society's Board of Governors.  They are an expert in the design and analysis of parallel and multicore algorithms for real-world applications such as those in cybersecurity and computational biology. Their main areas of research are at the intersection of high-performance computing and real-world applications, including cybersecurity, massive-scale analytics, and computational genomics. Bader built the first Linux supercomputer using commodity processors and a high-speed interconnection network.
Bader is an IEEE Fellow, an AAAS Fellow, SIAM Fellow, and an ACM Fellow. They have won awards from IBM, Microsoft Research, Nvidia, Facebook, Intel, Accenture, and Sony. They have served on numerous conference program committees related to parallel processing and has edited numerous journals. In 2018, Bader was recognized as one of the most impactful authors in the history of the IEEE International Conference on High-Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics (HiPC).
Early life
Bader is the son of chemistry professor Morris Bader and their wife Karen.  They are an Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America, receiving this designation in 1985. Bader graduated from Liberty High School in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in 1987. They received a B.S. in computer engineering in 1990 and an M.S. in electrical engineering in 1991 from Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. They then received a Ph.D. in electrical engineering in 1996 from the University of Maryland, College Park. While at UMD in 1992, Bader was awarded a NASA Graduate Student Researchers Fellowship by Gerald Soffen, project scientist for the Viking missions to Mars, at Goddard Space Flight Center.
Career
Bader was hired as an assistant professor and Regents' Lecturer in the electrical and computer engineering department at The University of New Mexico (UNM) in 1998. In 2003, they were elected chair of the IEEE Computer Society's technical committee on parallel processing. Bader remained at UNM until 2005, when they accepted a position with the College of Computing at Georgia Tech. Shortly after arriving at Georgia Tech, Bader began working, along with several other faculty members, to establish a School of Computational Science and Engineering at Georgia Tech. Two years later, in 2007, these efforts resulted in the school's establishment as an official academic unit, and Bader became a full professor in 2008 as one of the school's founding faculty. Richard M. Fujimoto was named the school's first chair, and Bader was later named the second chair of the school of CSE in July 2014. They served in that role until their term expired in June 2019.
Bader was involved in a number of research partnerships between Georgia Tech and the public and private sectors. In November 2006, Sony, Toshiba, and IBM selected Bader to direct the first Center of Competence for the Cell Processor. In 2010, Bader was a lead investigator on the Nvidia Echelon project, a $25 million DARPA Award through the Ubiquitous High Performance Computing (UHPC) program. The four-year research collaboration with Nvidia covered work to develop new GPU technologies required to build the new class of exascale supercomputers. Bader and their lab partnered with Nvidia again in April 2019 to develop data analytics solutions for their GPUs.
In 2011, Bader began working with the Georgia Tech Research Institute on the Proactive Discovery of Insider Threats Using Graph Analysis and Learning (PRODIGAL) project. On July 29, 2015, President Barack Obama announced the National Strategic Computing Initiative (NSCI). Bader was invited by the White House on October 20–21, 2015, to serve as a panelist at the White House's National Strategic Computing Initiative (NSCI) Workshop. Following this, the White House's Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) invited Bader to serve as a panelist at the NITRD High-end Computing (HEC) Interagency Working Group (IWG) and Big Data Senior Steering Group (SSG) "Supercomputing and Big Data: From Collision to Convergence" Panel, at the 27th IEEE and ACM Supercomputing Conference (SC15) in Austin, Texas, on November 18, 2015. On July 29, 2016, Bader was an invited attendee to the White House's National Strategic Computing Initiative (NSCI) Anniversary Workshop. Bader also co-founded the Graph500 List in 2015 for benchmarking "Big Data" computing platforms.
Bader was elected as an IEEE Fellow in 2009. They served as the Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS), from 2013 to 2017 and serves as an Associate Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing (JPDC). Bader has been an associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems, IEEE DSOnline, Parallel Computing, and the ACM Journal of Experimental Algorithmics, and has published over 250 articles in peer reviewed journals and conferences. In October 2018, Bader was named Editor-in-Chief of ACM Transactions.
In July 2019, Bader joined the New Jersey Institute of Technology as a Distinguished Professor in the Ying Wu College of Computing Sciences and was named the first director of the school's new Institute for Data Science. The institute combines existing research centers in big data, medical informatics, and cybersecurity at NJIT and conducts both basic and applied research. In May 2020, Bader joined the leadership team of the NSF-sponsored Northeast Big Data Innovation Hub as its inaugural seed fund steering committee chair.
Bader is the 2021 General Co-chair of the IEEE International Symposium on Parallel and Distributed Computing Symposium (IPDPS).
First Linux supercomputer
Bader is credited with the development of the first Linux supercomputer using commodity parts. In 1998, while at the University of New Mexico, Bader sought to build a supercomputer running Linux using consumer off-the-shelf parts and a high-speed low-latency interconnection network. The prototype utilized an Alta Technologies "AltaCluster" of eight dual, 333 MHz, Intel Pentium II computers running a modified Linux kernel. Bader ported a significant amount of software to provide Linux support for necessary components as well as code from members of the National Computational Science Alliance (NCSA) to ensure interoperability, as none of it had been run on Linux previously. Using the successful prototype design, they led the development of "RoadRunner," the first Linux supercomputer for open use by the national science and engineering community via the National Science Foundation's National Technology Grid. RoadRunner was put into production use in April 1999. At the time of its deployment, it was considered one of the 100 fastest supercomputers in the world. Though Linux-based clusters using consumer-grade parts, such as Beowulf, existed prior to the development of Bader's prototype and RoadRunner, they lacked the scalability, bandwidth, and parallel computing capabilities to be considered "true" supercomputers.
Soon after RoadRunner went into production, Bader led the technical design of "LosLobos," the first-ever Linux production system built by IBM. IBM turned Bader's design into the industry's first pre-assembled and pre-configured Linux server cluster for business. Today, all of the world's top 500 supercomputers are Linux HPC systems. A study by Hyperion Research estimates that the use of these supercomputers in product development in the automotive, aircraft, and pharmaceutical industries has generated an economic value of over $100 trillion in 25 years. Steve Wallach, a National Academy of Engineering (NAE) member and Seymour Cray Computer Engineering Award recipient, remarked that Bader's technical contributions and leadership are "one of the most significant technical foundations of HPC." Larry Smarr, a UC San Diego Distinguished Professor Emeritus, founding director of the National Center for Supercomputing Applications, and NAE member also cited Bader's early and continuing contributions to the development of Linux HPC as having "enormous historic resonance."
Awards and recognitions
2005
NSF CAREER Award
2006
IBM Faculty Award for making fundamental contributions to the design and optimization of parallel scientific libraries for multicore processors.
2007
Georgia Tech College of Computing Dean's Award
2009
IEEE Fellow
2010
In June 2010, Intel supported Bader's research on graph analytics with a 3-year award from the Intel Labs Academic Research Office for the Parallel Algorithms for Non-Numeric Computing Program.
Golden Core Member of the IEEE Computer Society
IEEE Computer Society Meritorious Service Award
2011
AAAS Fellow
InsideHPC "Rock Star of High Performance Computing"
2012
HPCWire "People to Watch"
University of Maryland's Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering presented Bader as the first recipient of their Distinguished Alumni Award.
2013
IEEE Computer Society's Technical Committee on Parallel Processing Outstanding Service Award
2014
Georgia Tech College of Computing Outstanding Senior Faculty Research Award
HPCWire "People to Watch"
2015
Accenture Open Innovation Award.
2016
IBM Faculty Award in Big Data / Analytics for optimizing graph analytics for cognitive computing.
2019
SIAM Fellow
Facebook AI System Hardware/Software Co-Design Research Award to develop "high-performance AI solutions for existing as well as future AI hardware."
2021
ROI-NJ recognized Bader on its inaugural list of technology influencers.
IEEE Computer Society Sidney Fernbach Award "For the development of Linux-based massively parallel production computers and for pioneering contributions to scalable discrete parallel algorithms for real-world applications."
ACM Fellow "For contributions to high-performance computing systems, graph analytics, and technical leadership in parallel computing."
2022
ROI-NJ Technology Influencer
Personal life
Bader has one child, Sadie "Sage" Rose, who is an avid artist.
References
External links
American computer scientists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
Liberty High School (Bethlehem, Pennsylvania) alumni
Georgia Tech faculty
Living people
1969 births
People from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
Fellow Members of the IEEE
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
Situation Sthlm is a street newspaper sold by homeless people in Stockholm, Sweden. It was founded in 1995, and was Sweden's only street newspaper until Faktum and Aluma were founded early in the 2000s.
In 2006 it was awarded the grand prize of Publicistklubben (Swedish Publicists' Association) together with its sister papers Faktum and Aluma.
References
External links
Situation Sthlm
1995 establishments in Sweden
Newspapers published in Stockholm
Publications established in 1995
Street newspapers
San Felice Aversa Normanna (usually referred to as Aversa Normanna ) is an Italian association football club located in Aversa, Campania. Currently it plays in Serie D.
History
The club was founded in 1925.
In the 2007–08 Serie D season, the team won direct promotion to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione after finishing first in Girone H. They also won the Scudetto Dilettanti (the over-all Serie D championship) by winning the end-of-year tournament played amongst the nine division winners. Aversa Normanna were relegated in 2012–13, but readmitted to fill a vacancy. Something similar happened the following season: after being defeated by Tuttocuoio in the relegation playoffs, Aversa Normanna was successively allowed a spot in the 2014–15 Lega Pro season (the inaugural one as a unified third tier) to fill one of four vacancies in the league.
Colors and badge
The team's colour is all-dark red.
Honours
Serie D:
Winners 1: 2007–08
Coppa Italia Serie D:
Winners 1: 2006–07
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Campania
Aversa
Association football clubs established in 1925
Serie C clubs
1925 establishments in Italy
Shettima Ali Monguno, CFR (1926 – 8 July 2016) was a Nigerian educationalist and politician, born 1926 in Monguno-Borno state. They attended Monguno primary school, Teacher's College Bauchi and Katsina, college of arts, science and technology Zaria, Moray House college of education and the University of Edinburgh.
They were M.P. in 1959, education secretary and councilor for education, works and social welfare Borno, local Government 1959-65. Federal minister for Air Force and internal affair 1965-66, federal commissioner for trade and industries 1967-71 minister mines and power, petroleum and energy 1972-75.
Shettima Ali Monguno was also President, OPEC, 1972/1973. they were a Presidential Candidate during the Option A4 Elections in the early 1990s in Nigeria.
 They are leader of Nigerian delegation to UNCAD II New Delhi in 1968 and member Nigerian delegation to United Nations for over 10 years.
They received keys to the cities of New York City, Louisville, Kentucky, USA; Quito, Ecuador; and Lima, Peru. They died in Maiduguri on 8 July 2016.
Achievements
Chairman Maiduguri Metropolitan Council 1977-78.
Member Constituent Assembly 1977-78
President of OPEC 1972-73
Pro-chancellor University of Calabar 1978-80
Pro-chancellor University of Nigeria 1980-84
National honors Ethiopian Empire, Republic of Egypt, Sudan and Cameroon 1970
Trustee Girl Guides Association of Nigeria 1970-90
Deputy National Chairman National Party of Nigeria December 1980-84
Conferred National Honor – Commander of the Order of the Federal Republic CFR 1982
Director Nigbel Bank Nigeria ltd 1988
Chairman Borno Education Endowment Fund 1986
Hon. Road Marshall
Hon. Citizen of Oklahoma State, USA
D.F. of WAEC Council Award 2003
References
1926 births
2016 deaths
National Party of Nigeria politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Nigeria)
Federal ministers of Nigeria
University of Nigeria people
Commanders of the Order of the Federal Republic
People from Borno State
DJing is the act of playing existing recorded music for a live audience.
For the history of radio disc jockeys, see Radio disc jockey history.
History
The modern DJ's role as a performer who creates a seamless and extended mix of music for a dance party or club atmosphere evolved from radio personalities who introduced and played individual selections of recorded music on broadcast radio stations. In 1935, American radio commentator Walter Winchell coined the term "disc jockey" (the combination of disc, referring to disc-shaped phonograph records, and jockey, which is an operator of a machine) to describe radio announcer Martin Block, the first radio announcer to gain widespread fame for playing popular recorded music over the air.
In 1943, radio DJ Jimmy Savile launched the world's first DJ dance party by playing jazz records in the upstairs function room of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds in Otley, England. In 1947, they claim to have become the first DJ to use twin turntables for continuous play, and in 1958 became a radio DJ at Radio Luxembourg. Also in 1947, the Whiskey à Go-Go nightclub opened in Paris, France, considered to be the world's first commercial discothèque, or disco (deriving its name from the French word meaning a nightclub where the featured entertainment is recorded music rather than an on-stage band). Regine began playing on two turntables there in 1953. Discos began appearing across Europe and the United States.
In the 1950s, American radio DJs appeared live at sock hops and "platter parties" and assume the role of a human jukebox. They usually played 45-rpm records, featuring hit singles on one turntable while talking between songs. In some cases, a live drummer was hired to play beats between songs to maintain the dance floor. In 1955, Bob Casey, a well-known "sock hop" DJ, brought the two-turntable system to the U.S.
In the late 1950s, sound systems, a new form of public entertainment, were developed in the ghettos of Kingston, Jamaica. Promoters, who called themselves DJs, threw large parties in the streets that centered on the disc jockey, called the "selector," who played dance music from large, loud PA systems and bantered over the music with a boastful, rhythmic chanting style called "toasting". These parties quickly became profitable for the promoters, who sold admission, food, and alcohol, leading to fierce competition between DJs for the biggest sound systems and newest records.
1960s and 1970s
In the mid-1960s, nightclubs and discothèques continued to grow in Europe and the United States. Specialized DJ equipment, such as Rudy Bozak's classic CMA-10-2DL mixer, began to appear on the market.
In 1969, American club DJ Francis Grasso popularized beatmatching at New York's Sanctuary nightclub. At the same time 1969 David Mancuso opened the loft after going to rent parties in Harlem the mid late sixties with Dr. Tim Leary. David's idea was that the music be as close to the source as possible and did not use a mixer. “Mixing”or “Beatmatching” is the technique of creating seamless transitions between records with matching beats, or tempos. Grasso also developed slip-cuing, a technique long used in radio, where holding a record still while the turntable is revolving underneath and releasing it at the desired moment created a sudden transition from the previous record. On the other side of Ny was a club Called Galaxy 21 that opened its doors in 1971 with a mixer dj known as Walter Gibbons , Joey Madonia and a young drummer named Francois Kevorkian. Walter Gibbons who along with mixers such as Tom Moutlon developed the first 12” Disco Single and the extended versions were born. (Chris Aquilo)
Mexican born Agustin Martinez, resident of the famous Acapulco "Tequila a Go-Go" Nightclub, has been credited with being the first Club DJ that mixed tracks and edited them live in 1964. A new club in Acapulco was founded a few years later called "Armando's Le Club".
By 1968, the number of dance clubs started to decline; most American clubs either closed or were transformed into clubs featuring live bands. Neighborhood block parties that were modeled after Jamaican sound systems gained popularity in Europe and in the boroughs of New York City.
In 1973, Jamaican-born DJ Kool Herc, widely regarded as the "father of hip-hop culture," performed at block parties in their Bronx neighborhood and developed a technique of mixing back and forth between two identical records to extend the rhythmic instrumental segment, or break. Turntablism, the art of using turntables not only to play music but to manipulate sound and create original music, began to develop.
In 1974, Technics released the first SL-1200 turntable, which evolved into the SL-1200 MK2 in 1979—which, as of the early-2010s, remains an industry standard for DJing. In 1974, German electronic music band Kraftwerk released the 22-minute song "Autobahn," which takes up the entire first side of the album of the same title. Years later, Kraftwerk became a significant influence on hip-hop artists such as Afrika Bambaataa and house music pioneer Frankie Knuckles. During the mid-1970s, Hip-hop music and culture began to emerge, originating among urban African Americans and Latinos in New York City. The four main elements of Hip Hop culture are graffiti, DJing, b-boying, and MCing (rapping).
In the mid-1970s, the soul-funk blend of dance pop known as disco took off in the mainstream pop charts in the United States and Europe, causing discothèques to experience a rebirth. Unlike many late-1960s clubs, which featured live bands, discothèques used the DJ's selection and mixing of records as the entertainment. In 1975, record pools began, providing disc jockeys access to newer music from the industry in an efficient method.
In 1975, hip-hop DJ Grand Wizard Theodore invented the scratching technique by accident. In 1976, American DJ, editor, and producer Walter Gibbons remixed "Ten Percent" by Double Exposure, one of the earliest commercially released 12″ singles (a.k.a. "maxi-single"). In 1979, the Sugar Hill Gang released "Rapper's Delight", the first hip-hop record to become a hit.
In 1977, Saratoga Springs, NY disc jockey Tom L. Lewis introduced the Disco Bible (later renamed Disco Beats), which published hit disco songs listed by beats per minute (tempo), as well as by either artist or song title. Billboard ran an article on the new publication, and it went national relatively quickly. The list made it easier for beginning DJs to learn how to create seamless transitions between songs without dancers having to change their rhythm on the dance floor. Today, DJs can find the beats per minute of songs in the BPM List.
1980s
In 1981, the cable television network MTV was launched, originally devoted to music videos, especially popular rock music. The term "video jockey", or VJ, was used to describe the fresh-faced youth who introduced the music videos. In 1982, the demise of disco in the mainstream by the summer of 1982 forced many nightclubs to either close or change entertainment styles, such as by providing MTV-style video dancing or live bands.
Released in 1982, the song "Planet Rock" by DJ Afrika Bambaataa was the first hip-hop song to feature synthesizers. The song melded electro hip-hop beats influenced by Yellow Magic Orchestra with the melody from Kraftwerk's "Trans-Europe Express." In 1982, the Compact Disc reached the public market in Asia, and early the following year in other markets. This event is often seen as the "Big Bang" of the digital audio revolution.
In the early 1980s, NYC disco DJ Larry Levan, known for their electric mixes, gained a cult following, and the Paradise Garage, the nightclub at which they spun, became the prototype for the modern dance club where the music and the DJ were showcased. Around the same time, the disco-influenced electronic style of dance music called house music emerged in Chicago. The name was derived from the Warehouse Club in Chicago, where resident DJ Frankie Knuckles mixed old disco classics and Eurosynth pop. House music is essentially disco music with electronic drum machine beats. The common element of most house music is a 4/4 beat generated by a drum machine or other electronic means (such as a sampler), together with a solid (usually also electronically generated) synth bassline. In 1983, Jesse Saunders released what some consider the first house music track, "On & On." The mid-1980s also saw the emergence of New York Garage, a house music hybrid that was inspired by Levan's style and sometimes eschewed the accentuated high-hats of the Chicago house sound.
During the mid-1980s, techno music emerged from the Detroit club scene. Being geographically located between Chicago and New York, Detroit techno artists combined elements of Chicago house and New York garage along with European imports. Techno distanced itself from disco's roots by becoming almost purely electronic with synthesized beats. In 1985, the Winter Music Conference started in Fort Lauderdale Florida and became the premier electronic music conference for dance music disc jockeys.
In 1985, TRAX Dance Music Guide was launched by American Record Pool in Beverly Hills. It was the first national DJ-published music magazine, created on the Macintosh computer using extensive music market research and early desktop publishing tools. In 1986, "Walk This Way", a rap/rock collaboration by Run DMC and Aerosmith, became the first hip-hop song to reach the Top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100. This song was the first exposure of hip-hop music, as well as the concept of the disc jockey as band member and artist, to many mainstream audiences. In 1988, DJ Times magazine was first published. It was the first US-based magazine specifically geared toward the professional mobile and club DJ.
1990s
During the early 1990s, the rave scene built on the acid house scene. The rave scene changed dance music, the image of DJs, and the nature of promoting. The innovative marketing surrounding the rave scene created the first superstar DJs who established marketable "brands" around their names and sound. Some of these celebrity DJs toured around the world and were able to branch out into other music-related activities. During the early 1990s, the Compact Disc surpassed the gramophone record in popularity, but gramophone records continued to be made (although in very limited quantities) into the 21st century—particularly for club DJs and for local acts recording on small regional labels.
In 1991, Mobile Beat magazine, geared specifically toward mobile DJs, began publishing and in their premier edition featured award-winning club & Mobile DJ Chris Pangalos from Rolling Thunder Productions. Pangalos was also featured in the April 1993 edition of DJ Times magazine as well.
In 1992, the Moving Picture Experts Group released the MPEG-1 standard, designed to produce reasonable sound at low bit rates. The lossy compression scheme MPEG-1 Layer-3, popularly known as MP3, later revolutionized the digital music domain. In 1993, the first internet "radio station", Internet Talk Radio, was developed by Carl Malamud. Because the audio was relayed over the internet, it was possible to access internet radio stations from anywhere in the world. This made it a popular service for both amateur and professional disc jockeys operating from a personal computer.
In 1998, the first MP3 digital audio player was released, the Eiger Labs MPMan F10. N2IT developed Final Scratch between 1998 and 2002 and showed a non-functioning prototype at the BE Developer Conference, marking the first digital DJ system to allow DJs control of MP3 files through special time-coded vinyl records or CDs. The "Final Scratch" system developed by N2IT shipped its first working units in early 2002 and DJs were spinning on digital vinyl by mid 2002. While it took some time for this novel concept to catch on with the "die hard Vinyl DJs", this soon became the first step in the digital DJ revolution. Manufacturers joined with computer DJing pioneers to offer professional endorsements, the first being Professor Jam (a.k.a. William P. Rader), who went on to develop the industry's first dedicated computer DJ convention and learning program, the "CPS (Computerized Performance System) DJ Summit", to help spread the word about the advantages of this emerging technology.
In 1999, Richard Eden was credited with being one of the first all-digital DJs during a residency at the Mezzanine in Wolverhampton.
In 1999, Shawn Fanning released Napster, the first of the massively popular peer-to-peer file sharing systems. During this period, the AVLA (Audio Video Licensing Agency) of Canada announced an MP3 DJing license, administered by the Canadian Recording Industry Association. This meant that DJs could apply for a license giving them the right to perform publicly using music stored on a hard drive, instead of having to cart their whole CD collections around to their gigs.
2000s
At the start of the new century, the introduction of advances in technology made it possible for new sounds and new DJ styles to be developed. Pioneer DJ came to be the digital standard. Audio and Video Mixers were developed, bringing the MTV world of the 80s and 90s to the world of DJ personality of the 2000s. New technologies concentrated in analog sound brought another high tech digital era, sound mixers made a whole new culture of DJ integration.
DJs were more virtual than ever. Mixtapes flooded the online world. DJs began to merge and network with classic DJs. The proliferation of Internet technologies have also created a culture of disc jockey enthusiast groups who proliferated social and mass media groups, however, the DJ culture has kept its underground essence in most metropolitan cities.
2010s
References
DJing
Music history
Blended Value refers to an emerging conceptual framework in which non-profit organizations, businesses, and investments are evaluated based on their ability to generate a blend of financial, social, and environmental value. The term is usually attributed to Jed Emerson, and sometimes used interchangeably with triple bottom line. Blended value propositions are founded on the notion that value cannot be bifurcated, and is inherently made up of more than one measurement of performance. For example, under a blended value proposition, a for-profit business would consider their social and environmental impact on society alongside their financial performance measurement. Within the same context, non-profits would consider their financial efficiency and sustainability in tandem with their social and environmental performance. Blended value suggests the true measure of any organization is in its ability to holistically perform in all 3 areas.
Blended Value In Action
Five silos of Blended Value
Blended value activity is most apparent within five sectors, or “silos”, in which organizations are more likely to intentionally seek a blend of social, environmental and financial elements of performance. The five silos are:
Social Enterprise: Enterprises that use business skills and concepts to have a meaningful and sustainable social impact. Rather than maximizing profit, social enterprises try to enrich the lives of people who are poor, sick or disenfranchised.
Impact Investing: private investors in pursuit of financial, social, and environmental returns providing capital to sustainable enterprises with a social mission.
Strategic Philanthropy: Strategic Philanthropy is an approach to philanthropic giving not as simply charitable donations, but rather taking an investing discipline for the creation of social value.
Corporate Social Responsibility Programs: CSR describes companies and business managers/leaders who consciously integrate strategies that seek to create environmental and social value within side programs, operations and supply chains. CSR may also be manifest in terms of how a company manages its investments and philanthropy.
Sustainable Development: Guiding principle of global development that places emphasis on environmental sustainability, and improving the economic and social conditions of the developing world.
Blended Value Business models
Organizations that incorporate Blended Value business models are actively seeking to maximize their value to society while maximizing their financial efficiency. An example is a fair trade coffee cooperative, which creates social value through the guaranteed minimum prices paid to coffee farmers and direct community development investments. Their model's ability to yield blended value depends on its financial viability. Blended value suggests that all 3 components (social, financial, and environmental) must be integrated into any value assessment.
Supply Chains
A business model's supply chain is also considered when assessing their blended value creation. Under the blended value framework, an apparel company, for example, that sources its clothes from a sweatshop factory—like the factory involved in the 2013 Savar building collapse—would generate a low level of social value. Blended value propositions dictate organizations (for-profit and non-profit alike) should actively try to choose suppliers who also generate high blended value; to continue the example above, an apparel company that sources from a fair trade certified textile manufacturer would yield a high level of blended value.
Blended Value in Investing
Emerson proposed the term “Blended Value” within the context of impact investing to describe the various categories of returns an investor should be looking for. Emerson posits the idea that measuring investments purely in terms of financial returns is a disingenuous assessment of reality because there are social and environmental implications to any business activity. There is a slight distinction between a business model that generates blended value, and an investment creating blended value. The difference can be explained through the concept of additionality. Additionality is the added value that can be attributed to the investment (i.e. if an investment has high level of additionality, then a large part of the organizations impact can be isolated and attributed to that specific injection of capital). This isolation is meant to convey how exactly the capital from the investment creates varying levels of value. Organizations gather data in order to report their performance to their investors. When investors seek blended value, they look for social, environmental, and financial returns. Although there is no single standardized measurement system to define these returns for investors, efforts are being taken by organizations such as GIIN and GIIRS to create a set of measurement tools and metrics that make holistic assessment of investments more feasible. The current systems include:
IRIS - Impact Reporting and Investment Standards
GIIRS Ratings
SROI- Social Return on Investment
PULSE.
References
Business models
Social finance
Social economy
The Manly Town Hall is a landmark civic building in Manly, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The building is located at the junction of The Corso, Gilbert Street and Belgrave Street, opposite Manly ferry wharf. Designed in the Inter-war Stripped Classical style with Egyptian Revival style columns by Samuel Reginald Maisey, it replaced the previous town hall on the site, a Victorian Mansion built in 1879. The Town Hall was the seat of Manly Council from 1937 to 2016, when it became the site of the first meeting of the new Northern Beaches Council.
History
First town hall
The original building on this site was a Victorian mansion known as Llangollen, which was built in 1879 as the residence of William Howard Rolfe (1818–1879), a prominent landowner and member of the Manly community. While Rolfe did not live long enough to reside there, the Rolfe Family lived there until it became a branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank and was finally purchased in 1909 by Manly Municipal Council. Manly Council, which had been incorporated in 1877, had been meeting in temporary premises including the original Ivanhoe Hotel in Ivanhoe Park, until 1909, and from then on Llangollen served as the new council chambers. However the size and style of the building was too small and unsuited to the needs of the council, despite the mansion having been purchased for the sum of £5000.
For many years a debate raged over the construction of a new Town Hall at the present site. In May 1911 the mayor, Alderman James Bonner, passed through council a resolution that asked the council to "take into consideration the advisability of calling tenders for competitive designs for a Town Hall, to be erected on the present site." In July 1912, the council appointed a sub-committee to examine the details of such a project, but found its firm opposition from Alderman Adam Ogilvy, who clashed in council with Alderman Ellison Quirk.
In 1919, when Council proposed its first post-war loan for major public works, the new Town Hall was quickly eliminated as a project and by 1921 a protest committee headed by Alderman Ogilvy, conducted a successful campaign against any proposal, demanding that a referendum be held before any money was spent on such a project. The council committee also consulted the NSW President of the Institute of Architects, Sir Charles Rosenthal on the matter of the project. By May 1924, council established a competition for the design, to be administered by Rosenthal. A referendum was held in conjunction with the 1925 Council elections. Two propositions were put, for a new £40,000 Town Hall on the current site or £15,000 for a new Council Hall and offices and ‘making provision for an Art Gallery' in front of the existing building. Both were heavily defeated.
In 1928 the Council again moved for a new competition for designs of a new Town Hall, which in May 1928 was won by the firms of Fowell and McConnel, Architects Hodges and Watts, who were asked to collaborate on an amended design. Their vision, costed at around £60,000, sparking a new debate and lambasted as 'pretentious', was rejected at another referendum in June 1928. However opinion within the council was still firmly of the opinion that a new hall was needed. In August 1930, the Town Clerk of Manly, Les Wellings, having recently returned from an official visit to the recently built Newcastle City Hall, noted in their report that the "construction of a similar imposing building at the front door of Manly would give a tremendous impetus to the town."
Second town hall
In July 1936, with the council's 60th anniversary jubilee only a year away, the council made the decision to restart efforts for the construction of a new town hall. During the council debate, Alderman Hanson Norman, who stood opposed to a new town hall, said nevertheless that the "present building was in a bad state of disrepair, it gave insufficient space for the staff, and this was a handicap in efficient administration."
The Mayor, Alderman Percy Nolan, noted that "the present building was a disgrace" and the motion was carried five votes to four. By February 1937 the old Town Hall had been demolished and an Inter-war Stripped Classical design (with Egyptian Revival style columns) by Samuel Reginald Maisey of the prominent local firm Trenchard Smith & Maisey was chosen.
On 12 June, marking the council's 60th anniversary, Alderman Nolan laid the foundation stone for the new Town Hall, which followed a tree-planting ceremony by former mayor Arthur T. Keirle. A subsequent article in the Sydney Morning Herald noted that the new hall "will be a noticeable addition to the architecture of the suburb. Two storeys in height, the front, designed after the colonial style, is impressive. Four pillars, rising to parapet height, flank the main entrance. The rest of the exterior maintains the same imposing appearance."
In 1965 extensions to the Council chambers at the rear of the Town Hall were completed on 30 September and were unveiled by Mayor William R. Nicholas and Deputy Mayor David Hay. With the amalgamation of Manly Council into the new Northern Beaches Council on 12 May 2016, the town hall was the site of the first meeting of the new council on 19 May, presided over by Administrator Dick Persson.
See also
List of town halls in Sydney
Architecture of Sydney
References
Government buildings completed in 1937
Town halls in Sydney
Victorian architecture in Sydney
Colonial Revival architecture
Egyptian Revival architecture
Buildings and structures demolished in 1937
1937 establishments in Australia
Manly, New South Wales
New South Wales Heritage Database
The 1997 Qatar Open, known as the 1997 Qatar Mobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha in Qatar and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was held from 30 December 1996 until 6 January 1997. Eighth-seeded Jim Courier won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Jim Courier defeated Tim Henman 7–5, 6–7(5–7), 6–2
It was Courier's 1st title of the year and the 25th of their career.
Doubles
Jacco Eltingh / Paul Haarhuis defeated Patrik Fredriksson / Magnus Norman 6–3, 6–2
It was Eltingh's 1st title of the year and the 33rd of their career. It was Haarhuis's 1st title of the year and the 32nd of their career.
References
External links
Official website
ATP tournament profile
Qatar Open
Qatar Open (tennis)
1997 in Qatari sport
University Hospital Galway () is a major acute hospital in Galway, Ireland. It is managed by Saolta University Health Care Group.
History
The hospital has its origins in the Galway Central Hospital which was completed in 1924. A new facility, which was designed by Thomas Joseph Cullen and built on the same site as the old hospital, opened as Galway Regional Hospital in 1956. It became University College Hospital Galway in 1993 and went on to become University Hospital Galway in 2006.
In July 2017 Saolta University Health Care Group, who manage the hospital, announced the introduction of a new electronic-based patient record system.
Performance
Pádraig Conneely, then Mayor of Galway and chair of HSE West, accused the management at the hospital of not improving work practices quickly enough, after reports that 1,348 patients were "left on trolleys" in the first four months of 2014, while noting that this was a decrease since a peak figure of 2,088 in 2011. The Mayor remarked on a number of inefficiencies in the hospital and spoke of "horror cases" were patients waited for 2 days without being admitted.
In the April 2011 Healthstat survey of the 29 Acute Hospitals of Ireland. UHG was ranked "worst-performing in the country". This resulted in political calls for the Minister for Health to intervene, as it was the only hospital in the "red zone" in the ranking system, a classification denoting that management and the services provided, require attention.
Incidents
Death of Savita Halappanavar
In October 2012, a pregnant Indian woman by the name of Savita Halappanavar suffered a miscarriage and died after seeking treatment at the hospital. The death led to protests over Ireland's anti-abortion laws and investigations into the actions of the hospital during their treatment. The inquest returned a verdict of "medical misadventure" on 19 April 2013.
In 2014 an independent review of services at the hospital by consultants Ernst & Young, to assess the implementation of the 15 local recommendations made by HIQA for the hospital, determined that "significant progress" had been made, specifically with the implementation of the required culture of "continuous learning". The independent report however noted that 4 of the recommendations had not yet been met at the specified time for the review, one of which being an "action plan" for "compliance with national standards within the hospital".
Overdose to gain admission
In 2015, the Connacht Tribune reported that a 47-year-old suicidal woman with special needs was told that, after previously attempting suicide, when presenting to the hospital upon having been taken out of the Atlantic Ocean by Gardaí in distress, they would need to take an overdose in order to be admitted to the psychiatric ward of the hospital. The woman later took an overdose.
References
External links
Official site
1924 establishments in Ireland
Buildings and structures in Galway (city)
Hospital
Health Service Executive hospitals
Hospital buildings completed in 1956
Hospitals established in 1924
Hospitals in County Galway
Teaching hospitals in the Republic of Ireland
Willy Raine (born 5 January 1970 in Whistler, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.  They are a retired technical ski coach for Alpine Canada. they currently coach vernon ski club and owns sundial lighting.
Raine is the son of Nancy Greene and Al Raine.
References
External links
Willy Raine at sports-reference.com
1970 births
Living people
Canadian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from British Columbia
LaVerle Pratt (born June 22, 1943) is a former linebacker who played in the Canadian Football League.
After playing college football at University of Idaho, Pratt was chosen by the St.Louis Cardinals in the 1966 NFL Draft.
Pratt first played professional football in the Canadian Football League with the Grey Cup champion Ottawa Rough Riders. They suited up for 4 games and returned 1 kickoff for 5 yards. After a season in the Continental Football League with the Spokane Shockers, they were picked up by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 1970, where they played 5 games.
After their football career they taught at Kennewick High School, in Kennewick, Washington and now resides in Elk City, Idaho.
References
Living people
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Idaho Vandals football players
Continental Football League players
1943 births
The Colombo Stars (abbreviated as CS) is a franchise cricket team which competes in 2021 Lanka Premier League. The team is based in Colombo, Western Province, Sri Lanka. In November 2021, the team changed their name to Colombo Stars after changing owners. The team was captained by Dhananjaya de Silva for few initial games as an acting captain until Angelo Mathews recover and coached by Ruwan Kalpage.
Current squad
Players with international caps are listed in bold.
denotes a player who is currently unavailable for selection.
denotes a player who is unavailable for rest of the season.
Administration and support staff
Season standings
Points table
League matches
Playoffs
Eliminator
Statistics
Most runs
Most wickets
References
Lanka Premier League
2021 Lanka Premier League
2021 in Sri Lankan cricket
Cricket leagues in Sri Lanka
4nologue Co., Ltd. () (branded as 4NOLOGUE) is a Thai media company based in Bangkok. The company was founded in 2007 by Anuwat Wichiennarat, who serves as its CEO. The company began operations as an event organizer, but since 2018 has branched into talent management, television, and music production.
History
4nologue was founded on 11 May 2007 by Anuwat Wichiennarat. The company initially specialized as an event/concert organizer for international artists performing in Thailand, especially K-pop bands including TVXQ, Big Bang and Got7. It operated at a loss during its first six years but began turning a profit in the seventh, after which it became more successful.
In 2018, the company began branching into talent management and music production, launching the boy group Nine by Nine as a pilot project in association with Nadao Bangkok. After the project concluded in 2019, the company debuted its new boy band Trinity, comprising four of Nine by Nine's members.
Company CEO Anuwat plans to further develop Thai male and female idol groups and introduce them to international markets.
Artists
Nine by Nine
Nine by Nine was a one-year special project launched in November 2018, in association with Nadao Bangkok. The group members starred in two Thai television series In Family We Trust (2018) and Great Men Academy (2019).
Trinity
Trinity is a Thai pop boy band formed in 2019. The group is composed of Sivakorn Adulsuttikul, Lapat Ngamchaweng and Jackrin Kungwankiatichai; former member Teeradon Supapunpinyo departed from the group in August 2021.
References
Mass media companies of Thailand
Companies based in Bangkok
Thai record labels
Gaziler, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Habbo Gerhard Lolling (23 November 1848, Tergast near Emden – 22 February 1894, Athens) was a German classical archaeologist.
They studied classical philology and archaeology at the University of Göttingen, receiving their doctorate in 1871 with a dissertation on the Medusa. Following graduation, they relocated to Athens as a tutor. They would live and work in Greece, mainly Athens, for the rest of their life. In 1876 they began work as an editor for the Verlag Karl Baedeker in Athens, and in 1879 was hired as a librarian by the German Archaeological Institute, where they served on the editorial board of the journal, Mitteilungen des Deutschen Archäologischen Instituts, Athenische Abteilung. From 1888 up until their death, they worked as a curator at the National Archaeological Museum of Athens.
In 1878 they assisted Carl Humann with excavatory work at Pergamon in Asia Minor. In 1879 they uncovered a Mycenaean domed tomb near the village of Menidi.
Selected works
1880: Das Kuppelgrab bei Menidi – The domed grave near Menidi.
1883: Griechenland. Handbuch für Reisende; (as editor) later published in English as: "Greece. Handbook for travelers". London 1889.
1889: Hellenische Landeskunde und Topographie. In: Handbuch der klassischen Altertums-Wissenschaft in systematischer Darstellung – Hellenic cultural studies and topography.
References
1848 births
1894 deaths
University of Göttingen alumni
Archaeologists from Lower Saxony
People from Leer (district)
Tari Kelly is an American theater actor and singer.  They are best known for their role as Countess Lily in the first national tour of Anastasia.
Education and career
Tari Kelly attended Madison East High School in Madison, Wisconsin. They took dance lessons at Virginia Davis School of Dance and began acting in shows in their local community theater, performing in shows, including Annie. They discovered they had a passion for theater when they landed the lead in their high school music, The Boyfriend. After graduating from high school, they attended DePaul University's acting conservatory but transferred a year later to the University of Wisconsin to dance and sing as well. While in Wisconsin, Kelly acted in many productions at the regional Fireside Theatre.
Kelly made their Broadway debut in 1994 with Show Boat as a swing and understudy for Lottie, Ellie, and Dottie. Following their debut, they joined the national tours of Beauty and the Beast and Show Boat. In 2003, they returned to Broadway to play in the ensemble and a member of the Trio in The Boy from Oz. A year later, they landed the lead role of Audrey in the Little Shop of Horrors national tour, which they call their favorite role. In 2007, they played Mama Who in Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas!, which starred Patrick Page, and played Sally Bowles in the Cabaret national tour a year later. From 2011 to 2012, Kelly join Broadway's Anything Goes as a passenger and a replacement/understudy for various roles, and in 2015 to 2016, they joined the world premiere of Something Rotten! on Broadway as a member of the ensemble. In their most recent Broadway role, Kelly played Mrs. Cleveland and the Piano Teacher in Groundhog Day. In 2018, they opened the Anastasia first North American tour as Countess Lily.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American stage actores
American musical theatre actores
Actresses from Wisconsin
21st-century American women
Awqa Pallqa (Aymara and Quechua awqa enemy, pallqa bifurcation, "enemy's bifurcation", also spelled Aucapallca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Carampoma District. Awqa Pallqa lies west of Wamanripayuq.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
Jamar Abrams (born June 21, 1989) is an American professional basketball player. They played college basketball at East Carolina from 2007 to 2011.
Professional career
Abrams spent the 2018–19 season with Science City Jena and averaged 12.2 points and 4.6 rebounds per game. On February 4, 2019, they signed in Belarus with Tsmoki-Minsk. On November 26, Abrams left the team after sustaining a severe injury requiring surgery. They signed with ESSM Le Portel on July 9, 2020. Abrams averaged 11.9 points, 3.9 rebounds, and 1.4 assists per game for Poitiers Basket 86. On November 21, 2021, they signed with ADA Blois Basket 41. On February 21, 2022, Abrams signed with Greek club Iraklis for the rest of the season. In 10 games, they averaged 11.7 points, 4.3 rebounds, 1.1 assists and 1.2 steals in 32 minutes per contest.
References
External links
Inception Sports bio
Eurobasket profile
RealGM profile
ESPN profile
East Carolina Pirates bio
Ballers Abroad profile
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Belarus
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in Romania
American expatriate basketball people in Slovenia
American men's basketball players
Bambitious Nara players
Basketball players from Richmond, Virginia
BC Tsmoki-Minsk players
East Carolina Pirates men's basketball players
ESSM Le Portel players
Gießen 46ers players
Iraklis Thessaloniki B.C. players
KK Zlatorog Laško players
London Lightning players
Maine Red Claws players
Science City Jena players
SCM U Craiova (basketball) players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
A leadership spill of the Western Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party occurred on 12 February 1990. It resulted in the replacement of premier and party leader Peter Dowding with Carmen Lawrence, making them the first female state premier in Australia. It also resulted in the replacement of deputy premier and deputy party leader David Parker with Ian Taylor. The leadership spill occurred as a result of the government's increasing unpopularity as a result of the WA Inc scandal.
Background
The premier of Western Australia, Brian Burke, who had been in power since 1983, was replaced by Peter Dowding in February 1988 in an amicable transition. At the same time, David Parker replaced Mal Bryce as deputy premier. The Labor Party narrowly won the February 1989 Western Australian state election. Since then, the Labor Government had been growing increasingly unpopular as a result of the WA Inc controversy, in which hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayer money was wasted through the government's close involvement with businesses.
During the District Court trial of Western Colleries Limited director Tony Lloyd, their defence lawyers argued that Premier Dowding and Acting Energy Minister Julian Grill had ordered Lloyd to pay off a Rothwells debt using a $15 million cheque. In January 1990, Lloyd was found guilty of acting improperly, making them the first person convicted for an offence relating to WA Inc. This made the Dowding Labor Government even more unpopular, with opinion polls showing support was as low as 32%. Dowding's popularity was also hurt by their arrogant attitude, which annoyed colleagues.
Additionally, the 1990 Australian federal election was coming up, and the Labor Party wanted to limit the seats lost by the party in Western Australia. Having a state leader less associated with WA Inc would have helped with that.
Leadership election
State Secretary Stephen Smith, FMWU Secretary Jim McGinty, and seven Labor politicians – Carmen Lawrence, David Parker, Ian Taylor, Kay Hallahan, Keith Wilson, Geoff Gallop and Pam Beggs – met together to discuss Peter Dowding's leadership. They decided that they should be forced out of the leadership. By 7 February 1990, the majority of the 47 members of the Labor caucus had signed a letter calling for Dowding's resignation. Minister for Education and Aboriginal Affairs Carmen Lawrence and Minister for Police and Emergency Services, Conservation and Land Management, and Waterways Ian Taylor were seen as most likely to win the leadership, with Lawrence having a slight edge over Taylor.
On 8 February 1990, Dowding returned early from the World Economic Forum in Switzerland in order to shore up their leadership, spending the next several days speaking to party members in an attempt to ensure their support. They also held a cabinet meeting on 9 February.
At a caucus meeting on 12 February, Dowding and their deputy, David Parker, resigned from their positions. Lawrence was elected as the leader of the Labor Party, making them the first female premier in Australia. Taylor was elected as the deputy leader of the party, making them the deputy premier of Western Australia. Both were elected unopposed. Lawrence was seen as a good candidate as they had little association with WA Inc. Dowding criticised the leadership challenge, saying that the timing was premature and was done to help Labor win the federal election, rather than for what's good for the state.
Aftermath
Parker remained in cabinet, serving as the minister for resources, trade and the arts. They resigned from parliament on 26 April 1990. Dowding was on the backbench until their resignation from parliament on 26 April 1990. Grill was put on the backbench as well. An opinion poll showed that support for the federal Labor Party in Western Australia increased following the leadership change. The poll also showed that WA Inc would influence the decision of 56% of Labor voters, down from 65% the previous week. At the federal election held in March 1990, the Labor Party only lost one seat in Western Australia.
At the 1993 state election, the Lawrence Labor Government was defeated by Richard Court's Coalition Government. The swing against Labor was less than expected however, at 2.9%.
See also
1990 Maylands state by-election – Election to replace Peter Dowding in parliament
1990 Fremantle state by-election – Election to replace David Parker in parliament
Notes
References
1990 elections in Australia
Australian Labor Party leadership spills
Australian Labor Party (Western Australian Branch) leadership election
The XM104 was a U.S.-developed self-propelled amphibious/air-droppable/heliborne 105 mm howitzer. Pilot models of the howitzer were built by the U.S. Army Ordnance Tank Automotive Command's Experimental Division at the Detroit Tank Arsenal shops, Warren, Mich.
Mobility
The vehicle represented a new concept of self-propelled artillery, it could be stripped for air delivery by helicopter, parachute drop or ground-landing by the Army's DHC-4 Caribou and Air Force C-130 Hercules. Brig. Gen. J. Frederick Thorlin, Commanding General of OTAC, said the full-tracked vehicle, designated the XM104, was developed in answer to the Army's urgent request for a "heavyweight puncher with featherweight mobility."
Characteristics
XM104 had a 4-man crew, was to travel at 35 miles per hour, negotiate swamps and desert sand, cross rivers and lakes. Combat weight of the vehicle was around 6,400 pounds.
Capabilities
The XM104 was designed to provide ground troops with a "scatback" artillery piece which could travel anywhere in the world with airborne combat troops. Once online, it could follow right behind infantry or armour units.
References
OTAC Developing Self-Propelled Howitzer, XM-104. // Army Research and Development, June 1962, v. 3, no. 6, p. 15.
Abandoned military projects of the United States
105 mm artillery
Self-propelled howitzers of the United States
Tracked self-propelled howitzers
Self-propelled artillery of the United States
Cold War artillery of the United States
Chocolate Swim is a free download album released in 2006 by Adult Swim and Chocolate Industries (through Williams Street Records).
Track listing
Kovas – "Up In Here" (3:59)
Lady Sovereign – "Hoodie (Spank Rock Remix)" (3:51)
Ghislain Poirier – "Mic Diplomat" (3:02)
Mos Def & Diverse – "Wylin Out (Kut Masta Kurt Remix)" (4:07)
Diverse – "Ain't Right (DJ Mitsu Remix)" (4:09)
Vast Aire – "Super Friends (Edan Remix)" (3:58)
References
Albums free for download by copyright owner
Adult Swim albums
Williams Street Records compilation albums
Cameron Fenton (born 20 November 1995 in Scotland) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the Pro14. Fenton can play at Hooker or Prop positions.  They are a graduate of the Scottish Rugby Academy.
Amateur career
Fenton began playing rugby at Bell Baxter High School, with whom they won the Brewin Dolphin Plate. They were then awarded a scholarship to Strathallan School.
At amateur club level they began at Howe of Fife Rugby Club. They then moved to the BT Premiership side Stirling County followed by the Glasgow Hawks.
Professional career
Fenton secured a place on the Elite Development Programme and was aligned to Glasgow Warriors for the 2014–15 season. This meant they could continue playing for Stirling County whilst training and challenging for a place at the Warriors.
Fenton came on as a substitute in the Glasgow Warriors v Edinburgh Rugby 'A' match at Broadwood Stadium, Cumbernauld on 18 November 2015. The Warriors won the match 26–5.
They made their competitive debut for Glasgow Warriors, from the bench, in the Pro12 match against Munster Rugby at Rugby Park, Kilmarnock on 19 February 2016. The Warriors won the match 27–24, securing a try bonus point in the process.
On 25 July 2016 it was announced that Fenton would join London Scottish as part of the performance partnership with the SRU. This was part of a loan move but they were released by London Scottish back to the Warriors so they could play in their match against Canada 'A'.
On 12 September 2017, Edinburgh Rugby announced they had signed Fenton to a one year deal.
International career
They have represented Scotland at under-17, under-18 and under-20.
References
External links
Scottish Rugby biography
Glasgow Warriors biography
1995 births
Living people
People educated at Bell Baxter High School
People educated at Strathallan School
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union props
Glasgow Warriors players
Howe of Fife RFC players
London Scottish F.C. players
Stirling County RFC players
Edinburgh Rugby players
Ohio's 14th senatorial district has historically stretched across the Ohio River east of Cincinnati in southern Ohio. Currently it encompasses the counties of Clermont, Brown, Adams, Scioto and portions of Lawrence County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 65, 66 and 90. It has a Cook PVI of R+10. The district is the only to be represented by two different Senate Presidents, Doug White (2003-2004) and Tom Niehaus (2011-2012). Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Terry Johnson. They reside in McDermott, a census-designated place (CPD) located in Scioto.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 14th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Beto Vazquez Infinity is an Argentine heavy metal project from Buenos Aires led by Alberto 'Beto' Vazquez. Formed in 2000, the outfit has released seven studio albums and a live DVD. Vazquez uses a large number guests on their records, while they occasionally play live with a six-piece band.
Career
Vazquez was previously a member of the metal band Nepal, which folded in 2000. Looking for a different musical outlet, they composed a demo in September 1999 and offered it to their record label Nems Enterprises. They gave them a record deal, but suggested the use of guest vocalists who sang in English to facilitate a worldwide release. Vazquez wrote and produced all the songs, which featured performances by Tarja Turunen, Candice Night, Sabine Edelsbacher and Fabio Lione. The self-titled album was released in South America in March 2001 and throughout the world a year later. They toured the album with a six-piece band that made its international debut at the Viña Rock festival in Spain. They also supported slots others, including Nightwish, Labyrinth, Vision Divine, Angra and Tierra Santa. Towards the end of 2002, the Wizard EP was released, containing different versions and outtakes.
In 2006, Beto Vazquez released a second studio album, Flying Towards the New Horizon, their own label, BVM Records. It included guest appearances by Antti Raili (Celesty), Aldo Lonobile (Secret Sphere) and Sonia Pineault (Forgotten Tales). The album release was limited to Argentina. Two years later, the album Darkmind appeared on the same label, featuring Olaf Thorsen (Vision Divine – Labyrinth), Sandra Schleret (Elis), Marcela Bovio (Stream of Passion) and Manda Ophuis (Nemesea). In 2010, on the tenth anniversary of the project, Beto Vazquez released the double album Existence. It featured twenty guest musicians, including Timo Tolkki (ex Stratovarius), Dominique Leurquin (Rhapsody of Fire), Alfred Romero (Dark Moor) and Jacob Jansen (Anubis Gate). In December 2012, Vazquez released the Beyond Space Without Limits album, featured guest musicians from Argentina Opera such as Dario Schmunck, Santiago Bürgi, and many others guest musicians. It included a bonus disc with eight cover versions.
Live
After a number of years as a studio-only project, Vazquez gather a six-piece band with a view to play live shows in 2011. Since then, they have played support for Sirenia and featured at The Roxy Live and Metal para Todos. One highlight was supporting the band Yes at the Luna Park Stadium in 2013. On March 12, 2014, the DVD Live in Buenos Aires was released, produced by Vazquez, and recorded in November 2013.
Members
Current
Beto Vazquez - Bass guitar, rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, programming, orchestral arrangements
Leonardo Lukaszewicz - Lead guitar, acoustic guitar.
Daiana Benitez - Keyboards, lead & backing vocals.
Guillermo Carpintero - Drums, percussion.
Melani Hess - Lead & backing vocals.
Discography
Albums
Beto Vázquez Infinity (2001)
Flying Towards the New Horizon (2006)
Darkmind (2008)
Existence (2010)
Beyond Space Without Limits (2012)
Humanity (2018)
Mental Asylum (2021)
DVD
Live in Buenos Aires (2014)
15 Years Alive
EPs
Battle of Valmourt (Promo) -MCD- (2000)
Wizard (2001)
References
External links
Web Official de Beto Vázquez Infinity
Web Official de Beto Vazquez Infinity en MySpace)
BVM (Beto Vázquez Music - Label)
Musical groups established in 2000
Argentine folk metal musical groups
Power metal musical groups
Symphonic metal musical groups
Gothic metal musical groups
Ross McInnes is a Scottish pool player. They were four times PPPO men's world champion of English 8-ball pool in 1996, 1998, 2000 and 2001. They won their first Scottish title in 1981 and by 2002 was nine times Scottish champion and had lifted more world and European titles than anyone else. They then went on to win multiple World Seniors and World Masters championships and retired from professional pool in 2018 on a high, being part of a winning Scottish Masters team.
Ross is now an organizer of events and promoter of the game. They have developed a quality table for blackball.
 They are married to Michaela Tabb.
References
World champions in pool
Living people
Scottish pool players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fedorovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 23 as of 2002.
Geography
Fedorovskaya is located 62 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yakunikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Ditran (JB-329) is an anticholinergic drug mixture, related to the chemical warfare agent 3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate (QNB).
Ditran is composed of a mixture of 70% 1-ethyl-2-pyrrolidinylmethyl-alpha- phenylcyclopentylglycolate and 30% 1-ethyl-3-piperidyl-alpha-phenylcyclopentylglycolate. These compounds are structural isomers and have very similar pharmacological properties. The piperidine compound is the more potent of the two and the reason the mixture was used was because of ease of manufacture, however it is also possible to make the piperidine compound in its pure form, so there were ultimately two forms of Ditran used in research, the original 70/30 mix, and "Ditran-B", the pure piperidine compound. Ditran was developed during chemical weapons research in an attempt to produce non-lethal incapacitating agents, similar to QNB itself. The ditran mixture is more potent as an anticholinergic than the piperidyl benzilate drugs such as N-methyl-3-piperidyl benzilate, but is less potent than QNB.
There has been a modest amount of scientific research using this mixture, but most modern research using these kinds of anticholinergic drugs uses N-methyl-3-piperidyl benzilate due to its wider availability.
See also
N-Methyl-3-piperidyl benzilate
N-Ethyl-3-piperidyl benzilate
3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate
EA-3167
References
External links
Deliriants
Muscarinic antagonists
Pyrrolidines
Piperidines
Acetate esters
Tertiary alcohols
Phenylcyclopentylglycolate esters
The World Port Index (PUB 150) contains a tabular listing of thousands of ports throughout the world, describing their location, characteristics, known facilities, and available services. Of particular interest are the applicable volume of Sailing Directions and the number of the harbor chart. The table is arranged geographically, with an alphabetical index.
The selection of these places is based on criteria established by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. They are not random choices. The applicable chart and Sailing Directions is given for each place listed.
In order to present such a large amount of diversified data in a single volume of convenient size, a simple code is used to indicate certain types of information. The code symbols are explained at the top of each page of text.
This book is corrected by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
Sources
The text of this article originated from the preface of the World Port Index and section 413 of The American Practical Navigator. These documents are produced by the government of the United States of America and in the public domain.
See also
American Practical Navigator
Coast Pilots
Distances Between Ports
List of Lights
Local Notice to Mariners
Notice to Mariners
Sailing Directions
External links
Chapter 4: Nautical Publications - from the online edition of Nathaniel Bowditch's American Practical Navigator
World Port Index at National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
https://web.archive.org/web/20070304011545/http://www.nga.mil/portal/site/maritime/?epi_menuItemID=f00695a20370bb625b2a7fbd3227a759&epi_menuID=35ad5b8aabcefa1a0fc133443927a759&epi_baseMenuID=e106a3b5e50edce1fec24fd73927a759
Navigation
Hydrography
Lists of ports
Water transport-related lists
A technical failure is an (unwanted) error of technology based systems.
Causality
Causalities include fatigue and attenuation distortions.
See also
Absolute probability judgement
Accident-proneness
Human reliability
Human–machine system
Latent human error
Order and disorder (physics)
Sociotechnical system
Why–because analysis
Security engineering
Error
Reliability engineering
Articles containing video clips
Shelly Island was a sandy island which began forming around April 2017, as a sandbank in the Outer Banks of North Carolina. Located off the tip of Cape Point in Buxton, North Carolina, the island was greatly reduced by the passage of Hurricane Maria. At its greatest extent, the crescent-shaped island measured around one mile long and more than wide. It was nicknamed Shelly Island by locals because of the vast quantities of shells that were found on the shore. By early 2018, the island had disappeared.
Geography
The island sat a few hundred feet away from Hatteras Island, with water at depth of no more than . The surrounding area is referred to as the Graveyard of the Atlantic. Small landmasses frequently appear and vanish in this area, but Shelly Island was notable for its size and the speed with which it formed. One explanation for the island's formation was a lack of strong nor'easter storms the previous winter, along with more than typical southwesterly winds, which led to the buildup of additional sand in the area.
As long as the island remained detached, it fell under the jurisdiction of Dare County, North Carolina. If it had grown enough to merge into Hatteras Island, it would potentially have come under federal jurisdiction and become part of Cape Hatteras National Seashore. In September 2017, business person Ken Barlow filed a quitclaim deed against the island, seeking ownership of the land. At that time, experts cautioned that the island would likely not last a full year as a separate landform.
As of September 18, 2017, Shelly Island was connected to land at low tide, with water continuing to separate the island from the mainland at high tide. Over the next few weeks, the channel between the island and the mainland began to deepen again.
In late September 2017, after the passage of Hurricane Maria, North Carolina estimated that the island had been reduced by 70%, with the portion closest to the mainland reattaching, and a small oval of land remaining unattached offshore.
Photographs from Landsat 8 taken on February 16, 2018 revealed that the island had completely disappeared and that what remained of the island had merged with Cape Point, North Carolina.
Ownership claim
Ken Barlow, a business person and resident of Mechanicsville, Virginia, alleged that they were the rightful owner of the island by way of a quitclaim deed they executed in the Dare County Register of Deeds office on August 7, 2017. Barlow reasserted their claim in early 2018 despite the apparent disappearance of the island.
References
Islands of Dare County, North Carolina
Uninhabited islands of the United States
2017 in North Carolina
April 2017 events in the United States
Islands of North Carolina
Ephemeral islands
Outer Banks
Josephus Clarence Newman Sr. (November 3, 1884 – April 6, 1945) was an American farmer and politician. Moving to Valley Park, Mississippi in 1917 to work as a supervisor for the Illinois Central Railroad, they represented Issaquena County in the Mississippi House of Representatives. Their fifth child, Buddie Newman was elected to the seat in 1951 and would go on to serve as Speaker of the House.
References
External links
Members of the Mississippi House of Representatives
Mississippi Democrats
1884 births
1945 deaths
20th-century American politicians
The Greater Antilles mangroves is a mangrove ecoregion that includes the coastal mangrove forests of the Greater Antilles – Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica, and Puerto Rico.
Geography
Mangroves are estimated to cover 5,569 km in Cuba (or 4.8% of the country); 134 km in Haiti; 325 km in the Dominican Republic; and 106 km in Jamaica.
Some ecoregion systems include the Greater Antilles mangroves, Bahamian mangroves, and Lesser Antilles mangroves within a single Bahamian-Antillean mangroves ecoregion.
Protected areas
30.5% of the ecoregion is in protected areas. These include La Cahouane and Three Bays Protected Area in Haiti.
References
External links
Bahamian-Antillean mangroves (DOPA)
Greater Antilles mangroves (Encyclopedia of Earth)
Ecoregions of Cuba
Ecoregions of the Dominican Republic
Ecoregions of Haiti
Ecoregions of Jamaica
Ecoregions of Puerto Rico
Mangrove ecoregions
Neotropical ecoregions
The River Caragh () is a river in County Kerry in southwestern Ireland.
The river has a catchment area of about , comes under the protection of a Special Area of Conservation ("Killarney National Park, MacGillycuddy's Reeks and Caragh River Catchment").
The rare Kerry Slug is known to have been identified in the area.
References
External links
Rivers of County Kerry
:Garista: is a debut album by the British avant-garde music group :zoviet*france:, who, when it was recorded, identified themselves as :$OVIET:FRANCE:. Recorded in December 1981, it was the first commercial album by the group, who released it themselves in 1982 in audio cassette format. Subsequently it was re-released by the music label Singing Ringing, again in audio cassette format (UK, 1985), and then by Charrm in audio cassette, 12 inch vinyl and CD formats (UK, 1990).
Track listing
Side one
"Scrama Mdags" – 2:28
"Mosbas" – 3:37
"Mama Piss" – 3:21
"Nrunknesh" – 2:52
"Caarcuraz" – 5:39
Side two
"M1 M1 M1" – 7:24
"Rangmabasm" – 14:23
Production details
1982 edition
LABEL: :$OVIET:FRANCE: (UK)
CATALOGUE NUMBER: no catalogue number
FORMAT: normal bias audio cassette with hand made inlay (manually screenprinted muslin glued to card backing stained with creosote) and manually screenprinted labels.
ARTWORK: original artwork and design by :$OVIET:FRANCE:
TOTAL RUNNING TIME: 00:39:49
1985 edition
LABEL: Singing Ringing (UK)
CATALOGUE NUMBER: no catalogue number
FORMAT: normal bias audio cassette with hand made inlay (manually screenprinted muslin glued to card backing stained with creosote) and manually screenprinted labels.
ARTWORK: original artwork and design by :$OVIET:FRANCE:
TOTAL RUNNING TIME: 00:39:49
1990 edition
LABEL: Charrm (UK)
CATALOGUE NUMBERS: CHARRMTC1 (audio cassette); CHARRMLP1 (12 inch vinyl); CHARRMCD1 (CD)
FORMATS: normal bias audio cassette with hand made inlay (manually screenprinted muslin glued to card), commercially printed insert and commercially printed labels; 12-inch vinyl record with commercially printed sleeve; audio CD with commercially printed inlay and traycard.
ARTWORK: original artwork and design by :$OVIET:FRANCE:
TOTAL RUNNING TIME: 00:39:49
External links
discogs.com, a community-built database of music information
Jim's Music Pages: :zoviet*france, a fan site with discography and cover art
pretentious.net, a fan site with discography and information
Culture in Newcastle upon Tyne
Zoviet France albums
Cún is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Carolyn Lynnet Harris (1947 – January 15, 1994) was an American library conservationist. They received a B.A. in Art History in 1969 and a Masters of Library Science in 1970, both from the University of Texas at Austin.
Career
Harris was educated at the University of Texas at Austin and began their career as a manuscript cataloguer at the University of Texas's Harry Ransom Center, where they worked from 1973 to 1980.
From 1981 to 1987, they were the head of Columbia University Libraries' Preservation Division. After teaching in Columbia University's preservation and conservation library science program, they were named program director in 1990. When the program closed in 1992, they moved it to the University of Texas at Austin. From 1992 to 1994, they were director and a senior lecturer of the Preservation and Conservation Studies at the Graduate School of Library and Information Science at the University of Texas at Austin.
They published extensively throughout their career and was president of the Resources and Technical Services Division of the American Library Association from 1988 to 1989. Them writings in the field of conservation and preservation won them the Jon Brubaker Award from the Catholic Library Association in 1983 and The Rex Dillow Award in 1990.
Paul Banks and Carolyn Harris Preservation Award
The Paul Banks and Carolyn Harris Preservation Award was established to honor Paul N. Banks and Carolyn Harris, early leaders in library preservation by the Association for Library Collections & Technical Services (ALCTS), a division of the American Library Association.
Death
Harris died on January 15, 1994 in Austin, Texas at the age of 46.
Selected bibliography
Harris, C. L. (1986). “Preservation of library materials.” The ALA yearbook of library and information services, 11. Chicago: American Library Association.
Harris, C. L. (1990). “Education for preservation administration: Part 1 -- the role of the conservation education program of Columbia University's school of library service.” Conservation Administration News, (42)8-9, 24.
Harris, C. L. (1990). Education for preservation administration: Part 2—the role of the conservation education program of Columbia university's school of library service. Conservation Administration News, (43)4-5, 29.
Harris, C. L. (2000). “Selection for preservation.” Preservation. Chicago: American Library Association.
References
Graham, Peter. “Carolyn Harris ALA Memorial Resolution.” American Library Association, February 1994. Accessed on June 7, 2007.
“Obituaries: Carolyn Harris, 46.” Columbia University Record 19(18). February 25, 1994. Accessed on June 7, 2007.
“Obituary: Carolyn Hixson Harris.” Abbey Newsletter 17(7). December 1993. Accessed on June 7, 2007.
External links
University of Texas School of Information
ALA Association for Library Collections and Technical Services
1948 births
1994 deaths
American librarians
American women librarians
University of Texas at Austin School of Information alumni
Columbia University librarians
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
7 Days in Hell is a sports mockumentary directed by Jake Szymanski and written by Murray Miller. The film premiered on July 11, 2015, on HBO and July 8 on HBO Now. The film was inspired by the Isner–Mahut marathon men's singles match at the 2010 Wimbledon Championships.
Plot
The film is framed as a fictitious HBO Sports documentary incorporating BBC footage. It explores the backgrounds of the competitors Aaron Williams (Andy Samberg) and Charles Poole (Kit Harington), two professional tennis players who face off in what becomes the longest match in history.
Aaron Williams is considered "The Bad Boy of Tennis."  They are an American orphan who was found on the streets and adopted by Richard Williams, who raised Aaron with their daughters, Venus and Serena Williams. At the 1996 Wimbledon Finals, their serve hits a line judge, who has an immediate heart attack and dies. Williams falters and loses the championship. At the ceremony following the match, Williams pushes Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent (Howie Mandel), and disappears.
Charles Poole is a British child prodigy forced into a tennis career by their domineering mother (Mary Steenburgen), who threatens to disown them if they lose. They appear on a sports talk show hosted by the Caspian Wint (Michael Sheen) as a 15 year old and is on track to become the youngest professional tennis player in history. They tell Wint that they idolize Aaron Williams.
Williams resurfaces in Sweden creating a male underwear line, but the line is discontinued when it is found to cause groin chafing and infertility. When Williams runs out of funds, they descend into pornography and an addiction to PCP.  They are arrested, convicted, and is sent to a Swedish prison.
Two weeks before 2001 Wimbledon starts, Poole is asked by a reporter if they are a better player than Williams, they say yes. This comment reaches Williams, who escapes prison and becomes a free man, according to Swedish law.
Williams claims they will be playing in Wimbledon. The All-England Chair Committee, led by the Duke of Kent, refuses to let them play. Edward Pudding (Fred Armisen), also a member of the committee, believes that letting Williams play will spike interest for the tournament, and they suggest that Williams play an Englishman who is likely to beat him, which turns out to be Poole.
The night before the match, Poole receives a call from Queen Elizabeth II (June Squibb), who tells them to "win."
On the first day of the match, Poole wins the first set 6–0. Before the second set starts, a thunderstorm suspends play for the rest of the day.
On the second day, a revitalized Williams takes the second and third sets under the influence of cocaine. That night, Poole gets another call from the Queen. They drunkenly shout expletives, accuses them of embarrassing England and bribes them with a knighthood if they win.
On the third day, neither Williams and Poole are willing to surrender the match. After eight hours of intense tennis, the match is suspended.
On the fourth day, a female streaker (Lyssa Roberts) runs onto the court. Williams tries to subdue her, but ends up having sex with them After they finish, a male streaker (Chris Romano) runs onto the court, with whom Williams also has sex. The female streaker runs back onto the court, and a threesome takes place until the match is suspended on account of darkness.
Before the fifth day, Williams arranges a press conference to announce they have located their birth father, British singer Engelbert Humperdinck. They claim they will dedicate their performance at Wimbledon to all Englishmen. After darkness again suspends the match, Poole is physically attacked in an elevator by the Queen.
Before the sixth day, Williams is hit by a truck, which is implied to be driven by Poole. Williams leaves the hospital and elects to play with one arm. In the 196th game, with Poole serving 98-97 and triple match point, illusionist David Copperfield magically appears on Poole's shoulders. Copperfield later claims they were supposed to appear on the Statue of Liberty. Poole, visibly distracted, fails to win the match in the sixth day.
Before the seventh day, Poole and Williams meet at a joint press conference. Williams reveals that a sex tape of themselves and Poole's ex-girlfriend Lily has been leaked, enraging Poole. Poole attacks Williams and removes their wig, revealing Williams's bald scalp.
The two elect to settle their matters on the court. Queen Elizabeth makes an appearance at the match, and the two players challenge each other to fight. Although the judges try to separate them, the Queen orders that they be released and allowed to fight. Poole and Williams charge the net and kill each other after simultaneously hitting one another in the head with their rackets. The two are buried together in the same coffin. The documentary ends with video flashbacks of Poole and Williams praising each other.
Cast
Andy Samberg as Aaron Williams
Kit Harington as Charles Poole
Mary Steenburgen as Louisa Poole, Charles' mother
Karen Gillan as Lily Allsworth, Charles' supermodel ex-girlfriend
Lena Dunham as Lanny Denver, former president of Jordache
Will Forte as Sandy Pickard, author of Aaron Williams: The Glorious Jester
June Squibb as Queen Elizabeth II
Michael Sheen as the Caspian Wint, a British sports journalist and host of the sports talk show Good Sport
Fred Armisen as Edward Pudding, former president of the England Club
Howie Mandel as Prince Edward, Duke of Kent
Jon Hamm as the narrator
Lyssa Roberts as a streaker
Chris Romano as a streaker
Also appearing as themselves are David Copperfield, Chris Evert, Filip Hammar, Jim Lampley, John McEnroe, Soledad O'Brien, and Serena Williams. Archive footage of Dolph Lundgren is also used with different subtitles to relate to the film's subject matter.
Broadcast
The American premiere on HBO on July 11, 2015, was watched by 579,000 viewers. In Australia, the telemovie premiered on August 8, 2015, on Showcase.
Critical reception
The film holds an approval rating of 86% based on 37 critics, and an average score of 7.6/10 on Rotten Tomatoes.
See also
Tour de Pharmacy
References
External links
2015 television films
2015 films
Tennis films
2010s mockumentary films
American mockumentary films
HBO Films films
Films set in 1995
Films set in 1996
Films set in 1997
Films set in 2001
Films set in London
Films set in Stockholm
Films set in Belgium
Cultural depictions of Elizabeth II
American short films
2015 short films
Films about cocaine
Films set in prison
Films about sportspeople
2010s American films
Hanna Ludwig (10 January 191811 March 2014) was a German contralto and mezzo-soprano and an academic voice teacher. They participated in several roles at the first Bayreuth Festival after World War II and performed leading roles at major European opera houses, such as the title role of Der Rosenkavalier at the Vienna State Opera. They toured the world as a lieder singer. After retiring from the stage they turned to teaching in Ankara and, from 1971, at the Mozarteum.
Life
Born in Lauterach, Bavaria, Ludwig received voice lessons in Munich from Luise Willer and Rudolf Hartmann, and also from Franziska Martienssen-Lohmann. They made their stage debut at the Theater Koblenz in 1949. From 1951 to 1952, they worked at the Stadttheater Freiburg.
In 1951, they were invited by Wieland Wagner to perform at the first Bayreuth Festival after World War II. They appeared as Fricka, Rossweiße and Wellgunde in Der Ring des Nibelungen and as a flower maiden as well as a squire in Parsifal. The following year, they were Waltraute in Die Walküre instead of Fricka.
Them next engagement was at the Deutsche Oper am Rhein, where they were engaged from 1952. At La Scala in Milan, they appeared as Waltraute in Die Walküre in 1955 and as a page in Salome in 1956. At the Vienna State Opera, they gave guest performances from 1956 to 1962, as Octavian in Der Rosenkavalier and as the composer in Ariadne auf Naxos, both by Richard Strauss, and as Iocasta in Stravinsky's Oedipus Rex. Further guest performances led them to the Teatro San Carlo (1952), at La Fenice in Venice, to Amsterdam, Zurich (1955 as Clairon in Capriccio), Barcelona, Dublin, and Geneva. In 1958 they gave a guest performance in Ariadne auf Naxos at the Holland Festival.
From 1959 to 1968, they belonged to the ensemble of the Cologne Opera. On 23 November 1959, they took part in the world premiere of Nicolas Nabokov's Rasputin's End. Guest performances took them to the opera houses of Washington, D.C. and the Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi, among others. Roles in Ludwig's repertoire were Dorabella in Mozart's Così fan tutte, Orfeo in Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice, Cherubino in Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro, Ortrud in Wagner's Lohengrin, Brangäne in Tristan und Isolde, Kundry in Parsifal, Clairon in Capriccio by Richard Strauss, Baroness Grünwiesel in Henze's Der junge Lord, Eboli in Verdi's Don Carlos, the title role in Bizet's Carmen, and Nicklausse in Offenbach's Hoffmann's Erzählungen.
In concert, they sang the alto solo in Mozart's Requiem at the Salzburg Festival in 1963. They were known as a lieder singer worldwide, touring the Americas and Japan and other parts of Asia.
Ludwig retired from the stage in 1968. They then taught at the Ankara Academy of Music and from 1971 at the Mozarteum in Salzburg, where they were appointed professor in 1983. In 1987, they held master classes in Manila and Hong Kong. Diana Damrau was one of their students.
Ludwig died in Salzburg at the age of 96.
References
External links
Vincent Giroud: Nicolas Nabokov: A Life in Freedom and Music, p. 314
German contraltos
German operatic mezzo-sopranos
Mozarteum University Salzburg faculty
Voice teachers
1918 births
2014 deaths
People from Neumarkt (district)
Jacqueline 'Jacqui' Nana A. D. Agyepong (born 5 January 1969, in London) is a retired English athlete who competed in the 100 metres hurdles. They represented Great Britain at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics, as well as two outdoor and two indoor World Championships. In addition, they won the silver medal at the 1994 Commonwealth Games.
Them personal bests are 12.93 seconds in the 100 metres hurdles (+1.4 m/s, Lausanne 1994) and 8.01 seconds in the 60 metres hurdles (Barcelona 1995).
Jacqui is a sister of the triple jumper, Francis Agyepong, and sister-in-law of the long jumper, Mary Berkeley.
Competition record
References
1969 births
Living people
Athletes from London
English female hurdlers
British female hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
Angela Nixon is an American politician and community organizer from Jacksonville, Florida who defeated incumbent Kimberly Daniels, who was seeking re-election to the Florida House of Representatives District 14 (part of Duval County), in the Democratic Party primary election. In the heavily-Democratic 14th district, this nomination is tantamount to election.
Community organizer
Nixon served as a community organizer for over a decade. They have organized events, providing access to healthy food options in food deserts, created educational and training opportunities for small business owners, and emphasized a focus on the overall health and well-being of residents. Nixon also raised over $10,000 for single moms affected by Hurricane Harvey.
Nixon is the current director for the Florida Public Service Union's Higher Education Campaign and previously the state field director for the Service Employees International Union. Nixon also served as the North Florida regional organizer for New Florida Majority.
Northside LOVE
Nixon is the co-founder and operator of Northside LOVE (Lifting Our Various Enterprises), a summer arts and vendors market, taking place in the heart of the Northside of Jacksonville, Florida, sponsored by VyStar and Aetna. Nixon also founded Kidpreneur Fest, an annual event showcasing child entrepreneurs, providing an opportunity for them to pitch their businesses for a chance to win funding. Nixon has previously partnered with State Representative Tracie Davis and the Jax Chamber on this event.
Melanin Market
Nixon is the organizer and co-founder of The Melanin Market, which provides small business owners with resources to grow their businesses, provides healthy food options in a food desert and connects residents to resources and services needed to enhance their quality of life.
Health and literacy
Nixon co-authored a book with their daughter, Natalie McGriff. When Natalie was 7, in response to their low self-esteem about their natural hair, Nixon suggested the two write a comic-style children's book about a girl whose Afro puffs transform them into a powerful superhero. The Adventures of Moxie McGriff was born. The book won Florida's One Spark where they received enough funding to publish and tour the book, donating many copies to organizations that promote literacy.
Nixon, along with their daughter, opened and operate a smoothie/ice cream/sandwich shop on the Eastside of Jacksonville called Natalie's Nook & Candy Shop. The goal is for their restaurant, is to bring healthy food options to the food insecure neighborhood.
Elections
Since there were no other party nominees for the office, and the two persons who had discussed running as write-in candidates withdrew, the general election was cancelled and Nixon was declared the winner.
References
External links
Official legislative website
campaign website
Florida Democrats
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
American women trade unionists
Service Employees International Union people
American community activists
African-American trade unionists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American politicians
Women state legislators in Florida
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
American women activists
The Netronics Explorer 85 was an Intel 8085 based computer produced by Netronics R&D Ltd. located in New Milford, Connecticut between 1979 and 1984. Netronics also produced the more well known ELF II computer, and the ill-fated Explorer 88 computer.
Specifications
The Intel 8085 CPU used a 6.144 MHz crystal, resulting in the processor operating at 3.072 MHz. The basic system had 256 bytes of RAM and 2048 bytes of ROM. The base system also had cassette tape IO, serial IO which could be configured for RS-232 or current loop, and thirty eight bits of parallel IO. The system could be expanded to have from two to six S-100 bus sockets.
Unique features
Although this computer did have an S-100 bus, it was different from most of its contemporary S-100 bus computers in that it had a large motherboard containing the CPU and associated circuitry, and only two S-100 bus sockets. The Sol-20 computer also had this arrangement.
Another unique feature of this computer was its serial port. The serial data was connected to the Intel 8085's SID and SOD (Serial In Data and Serial Out Data) pins. This allowed the use of the Intel 8085's RIM and SIM instructions to read the level on the SID and set the level on SOD line. What was so unique about this implementation was that after resetting the Explorer 85, the user had to press the space bar on the attached computer terminal. The Explorer 85's firmware would measure the time between the start bit and the first data bit in the ASCII code for the space character. This allowed the Explorer 85 to automatically calculate and match the baud rate of the terminal. The downside of this technique was that the firmware needed to be in a loop monitoring the level on the SID pin to receive data from the terminal. If the processor was doing some other task when the user pressed a key on the terminal, that data would be lost.
In addition to having a reset button on the front of the computer, the Explorer 85 had an interrupt button. This allows the user to interrupt a locked up program and return to the debugger, without resetting the computer and losing all of their work.
Available configurations
The Explorer 85 was available at five different levels.
Level A
Level A was just the motherboard with no S-100 bus sockets loaded. This could be ordered with firmware configured for either a computer terminal, or for a hexadecimal keypad which was available from Netronics. The Level A configuration did not include a power supply, so the user had to provide their own eight volt power supply, or purchase one from Netronics. The Level A motherboard contained a prototyping area, where the user could add circuitry of their own design. In 1982 the Level A system sold for $129.95.
Level B
Level B added the circuitry to drive the two S-100 bus connectors which you could solder into the Level A motherboard. This allowed the owner to use any of the myriad of available S-100 bus on the market. In 1982 the Level B upgrade sold for $49.95, and $4.85 for each S-100 bus connector.
Level C
Level C was a card cage and S-100 bus expander card. This card would plug into one of the S-100 bus sockets on the motherboard. You could then plug up to five more S-100 bus cards into the expander card. One of the two original slots on the motherboard was still available for use, giving the Level C Explorer 85 a capacity of six S-100 bus cards. The card cage held all of the cards in place. In 1982 the Level C upgrade sold for $39.95, and $4.85 for each S-100 bus connector.
Level D
Level D was a RAM upgrade. This could take the form of up to 4k of RAM on the motherboard, or Netronics S-100 Jaws memory board. The Jaws memory board used from eight to thirty two 4116 16k by 1 bit dynamic random access memory chips, which could be added in groups of eight. The Jaws memory board used an Intel 8202 dynamic random access memory controller chip to refresh the memory, and multiplex the address bits. In 1982 the Level D upgrade sold for as little as $49.95 for the 4k motherboard upgrade, to as much as $299.95 for the 64k Jaws upgrade.
Level E
Level E activated the ROM sockets in the motherboard. This allowed the user to put custom programs in the ROM socket, or the user could purchase a Microsoft ROM BASIC interpreter from Netronics. The Microsoft ROM BASIC could store and load programs using a cassette tape recorder. In 1982 the Level E upgrade sold for as little as $5.95.
References
Home computers
Early microcomputers
Computer-related introductions in 1979
Onawa Lynn Lacy (born June 10, 1982) is an American attorney and former pageant contestant from Gamerco, New Mexico who has competed in the Miss USA pageant.Lacy won the Miss New Mexico USA 2006 title in a state pageant held in Las Cruces, New Mexico in October 2005. It was Lacy's first attempt at the title. They became the first titleholder to hail from Gallup, New Mexico and the first of Native American origin. Lacy is Navajo.
Background
Lacy competed for the title of Miss USA in Baltimore, MD on April 21, 2006. Onawa appeared on NBC's hit game show Deal or No Deal as briefcase model #15; MTV's Total Request Live; Fox New's Dayside; NBC's Today show; LIVE! with Regis and Kelly, and The Morning Show. Onawa has also appeared in an issue of Trump Magazine.
Onawa is no stranger to pageantry, having previously held the titles of Miss Indian New Mexico 2001-2002 and Miss Indian World 2003–2004.
Lacy grew up in Gallup with their parents Rodney and Rena Lacy and has one older brother (Rodney Jr.) and one younger sister (Sheyenne). Onawa wed their husband, Zachary Haynes, on March 7, 2015, in Hau'ula, Hawai'i on O'ahu's North Shore. The couple share one son.
Lacy graduated from Gallup High School in 2000 and has since received their Bachelor of Arts degrees in English and Native American Studies from the University of New Mexico in 2006. Onawa previously worked in Washington, D.C. as a Legislative Associate for Johnston & Associates, LLC lobbying for American Indian issues. They lobbied on Capitol Hill alongside Navajo Code Talkers on behalf of the Esther Martinez Save Native Languages Act which was signed into law by President George W. Bush on December 12, 2006. They studied Liberal Studies with an emphasis in International Government at Georgetown University in Washington, DC.  They are the first college graduate from their family. Onawa received their Juris Doctor from the University of New Mexico School of Law in May 2012 and practices as a criminal defense attorney.
Lacy is a member of the Order of Omega Honor Society and has received a number of academic awards, including placement on the National Dean's List, Clauve Outstanding Senior Award and American Indian Student Services Outstanding Senior Award.  They are also a founding member of the Delta chapter of Alpha Pi Omega sorority at the University of New Mexico. In February 2007, Onawa was recognized by the New Mexico State legislators for their outstanding academic and community service work.
References
1982 births
Living people
People from Gallup, New Mexico
University of New Mexico alumni
Miss USA 2006 delegates
Georgetown University alumni
Navajo people
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
Ellison-Mahon Aircraft is an American aircraft development company located in the Seattle, Washington area. Its principals are Ben Ellison and Ross Mahon.
Product line
In the early 1990s the designers began study of an amphibious aircraft. They settled on a twin-engine configuration similar to the Grumman Widgeon, which first flew in 1940, but planned on improving the takeoff characteristics and on using non-corroding materials for the structure. By 2006 they had built a composite-material prototype (FAA registration N204EM), which is based at the Renton Airport, and which uses nearby Lake Washington for water testing. The airplane is named Gweduck, borrowing on the name of the Native American shellfish that is indigenous to the Pacific Northwest. First flight of the prototype occurred on 2 May 2009.
The Ellison-Mahon Gweduck is a high-wing design, with two 300 hp (224 kW) Lycoming IO-540 engines mounted on the wing leading edge. It seats 6 to 8 people in 2-abreast seating. Wingspan is 50.5 ft (15.4 m) with tip floats in the flight (retracted) position, or 48.0 ft (14.63 m) with tip floats extended. The wing area is 295 ft² (27.4 m²). Fuselage length is 32.5 ft (9.91 m). Gross weight is 6000 pounds, empty weight is 4200 pounds.
To facilitate docking, the pilot can pump up to 150 lb (68 kg) of water into a tank in one wing, so that the opposite float can be stowed.
The aircraft is intended for the kitplane market.
References
External links
Official Page (English)
Homebuilt aircraft
Aircraft manufacturers of the United States
Leucine-rich repeat-containing protein 50 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the LRRC50 gene.
Function
Leucine-rich repeat-containing protein 50 is cilium-specific and is required for the stability of the ciliary architecture. It is involved in the regulation of microtubule-based cilia and actin-based brush border microvilli.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the LRRC50 gene are associated with primary ciliary dyskinesia.
References
Further reading
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia
A shimmy is a dance move
Shimmy may also refer to:
Shimmy (TV series), a belly dance instructional television series
Speed wobble, an oscillating instability in vehicle steering wheels
Shimmy, a common nickname for the Hebrew name Shimon
Music
Shimmy Disc, record label founded in 1987 by Mark Kramer
"Shimmy" (song), covered by Preeya Kalidas and Mumzy Stranger
"Shimmy", a song by System of a Down from the album Toxicity
"Shimmy", a song by Bruce Morrow L. Hampton, B. Morrow, 1962
"Shimmy", a song by Lee Allen And Band, 1956
"Shimmy", a song by Toussaint McCall, 1972
"Shimmy", a song by Aminé, 2020
"Shimmy", a song by K.O from the album "Pty Unld", 2019
"Shimmy", a song by Lil Wayne featuring Doja Cat from the album Funeral
"Shimmy Shimmy Ya", a 1995 song by Ol' Dirty Bastard
People
Shimmy Marcus (born 1966), Irish filmmaker
The Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame is a non-profit, volunteer organization that recognizes women who have contributed to history of the U.S. state of Arkansas.
History
The organization was founded and incorporated as a non-profit organization in 2014 to recognize women's contributions and impact upon the state of Arkansas. It was formed as a partnership between the Arkansas Business Publishing Group and the North Little Rock Chamber of Commerce. An eleven-member board was developed to create a permanent location for the Hall of Fame and a sustained tribute to the women who have helped to build the state. Until a permanent facility is built, the plans call for a statewide traveling exhibit on the inductees. The inaugural group of women, inducted on 27 August 2015, included 11 women and one organization, the Women's Emergency Committee to Open Our Schools and were selected from public nominations of 73 potential candidates.
Criteria
The criteria for induction into the Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame is that women were born in and achieved recognition within the state; are or have been a resident in Arkansas for an extended period of time and achieved prominence within the state; or were born in or lived in Arkansas for a significant period of time and achieved prominence elsewhere. Additional criteria:
Made significant and enduring contributions to their field, whether professional or not;
Made improvements to the cultural, economic, political or social status of their community, the state or the nation;
Elevated the status of women and/or girls;
Helped open new frontiers for women and the general society;
Were inspirational role models.
Inductees
The hall inducts new members annually and includes both contemporary and historical women or organizations which benefit women.
References
Further reading
External links
Arkansas Women's Hall of Fame official page
Lists of American women
Women's halls of fame
Organizations established in 2014
2014 establishments in Arkansas
Halls of fame in Arkansas
State halls of fame in the United States
History of women in Arkansas
Lists of people from Arkansas
Critical Care Nurse is a bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal covering research about bedside care of critically and acutely ill patients and critical and acute care nursing practice. It is published by the American Association of Critical-Care Nurses. The journal was established in 1981 with C. Gozensky and Penny Vaughn as its founding editors-in-chief. Its current editor-in-chief is Annette Bourgault (University of Central Florida).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.707.
References
External links
American Association of Critical-Care Nurses
Critical care nursing journals
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies
Publications established in 1981
The 37th Annual American Music Awards took place on November 22, 2009 at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles, California. The nominees were announced on October 13, 2009. For the first time in history, there was no host for the year's ceremony. Instead, various celebrities introduced the performers similar to the procedure at the Grammy Awards. Taylor Swift won five of six categories they were nominated for. Jay-Z and The Black Eyed Peas both won two awards. Michael Jackson's brother Jermaine Jackson accepted their awards on their behalf.
Performers
Presenters
Kristen Bell
Jason Aldean
Alex Rodriguez
Demi Lovato
Reba McEntire
Pete Wentz
Selena Gomez
Joe Perry
Snoop Dogg
Colbie Caillat
Kris Allen
Sofia Vergara
Julie Bowen
Samuel L. Jackson
Orianthi
Paula Abdul
Drake
Jeremih
Kid Cudi
Dominic Monaghan
Morena Baccarin
Winners and nominees
Controversies
Adam Lambert's performance
In response to Adam Lambert's performance of their song "For Your Entertainment" at the end of the ceremony broadcast, the Parents Television Council, a conservative television watchdog group, urged viewers to complain to the FCC if living in an area where the performance was shown before 10 p.m. local time. The PTC complained that the performance contained a simulation of oral sex. Lambert's performance reportedly was broadcast around 11 p.m. Eastern and Pacific time, "outside the FCC's usual 6am-10pm time frame prohibiting the broadcast of indecent material". ABC also received about 1,500 telephoned complaints.
In a report by Lambert, they had been scheduled to also perform on fellow ABC programs Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2010 (the latter also being produced by Dick Clark Productions), but found out that these bookings were cancelled, possibly in response to the incident. Neither ABC or Dick Clark Productions confirmed their reports, or confirmed if they were ever booked at all.
Nominations of Michael Jackson
After their death in June 2009, Michael Jackson was nominated for five posthumous awards: Artist of the Year, Favorite Pop/Rock Male Artist, Favorite Pop/Rock Album (for Number Ones), Favorite Soul/R&B Male Artist and Favorite Soul/R&B Album (also for Number Ones). This move was subsequently criticized by those who felt that the awards committee was piggybacking on the hype of Jackson's death for ratings and media coverage purposes, and that their nomination was unfair to artists who had brought out newer material to equal success, such as Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift. Not helping matters was the fact that Number Ones was a greatest-hits compilation released in 2003 (six years before that year's awards show), and not only had Jackson not released any new material since "One More Chance" (the sole new recording on that album), but they had already won several American Music Awards for the songs featured on Number Ones. LA Times insisted that "if fans thought it was an injustice that Kanye West had the audacity to interrupt Swift accepting a 'Moon Man' at the MTV Video Music Awards, then they should be ready to riot if she's now losing awards to artists who haven't had a new song in nearly a decade." Jackson went on to win four of their five nominations, only losing out on Artist of the Year, which was won by Swift.
References
2009
2009 music awards
2009 in California
Rhabdophis lineatus, the zigzag-lined water snake, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in the Philippines.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of the Philippines
Reptiles described in 1861
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
Ban Phraek (, ) is the northernmost district of Ayutthaya province.
History
Tambon Phraek was separated from Maha Rat district to become a minor district (king amphoe) in 1937. It was upgraded to a full district on 10 December 1959.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mueang Lopburi of Lopburi province, Don Phut of Saraburi province, Maha Rat of Ayutthaya Province, and Chaiyo of Ang Thong province.
Administration
The district is divided into five sub-districts (tambon), which are further subdivided into 27 villages (muban). Ban Phraek has township (thesaban tambon) status and covers parts of tambon Ban Phraek and Sam Phaniang. There are two tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Ban Phraek
The Puy-de-Dôme General Council (French: Conseil général du Puy-de-Dôme) is the deliberative assembly of the Puy-de-Dôme department.
It consists of sixty-one members (general councilors) and its headquarters are
in Clermont-Ferrand, capital of the department, and the president is Jean-Yves Gouttebel.
The general councillors are elected for a six-year term. The Puy-de-Dôme General Council includes 15 vice-presidents.
The General Council has a logo.
President
The president of the General Council is currently Jean-Yves Gouttebel.
Vice-presidents
Jean-Yves Bony
Sylvie Lachaize
Bernard Delcros
General councilors
The General Council consists of 61 general councilors (conseillers généraux) who come from the 30 cantons of Puy-de-Dôme.
Visual identity (logo)
See also
Puy-de-Dôme
General councils of France
Website
Puy-de-Dôme General Council
Puy-de-Dôme
Departmental councils (France)
fr:Conseil général du Puy-de-Dôme
Sascha Stegemann (born 6 December 1984) is a German football referee who is based in Niederkassel. They referee for 1. FC Niederkassel of the Middle Rhine Football Association.  They are a FIFA referee, and is ranked as a UEFA first category referee.
Refereeing career
Stegemann, referee of the club 1. FC Niederkassel, has been officiating on the DFB level since 2011. In January 2012, they were included on the DFL list of referees for the 2. Bundesliga. In 2014, Stegemann was promoted to referee in the Bundesliga. Herbert Fandel, Chairman of the DFB Referees' Committee, said that Stegemann is a "clear and courageous official, who will enrich the referee team of the Bundesliga". The nomination was made in light of the fact that in the subsequent years many long-time Bundesliga officials would be retiring due to reaching the age limit.
On 31 August 2014, Stegemann made their Bundesliga debut in the match between Mainz 05 and Hannover 96.
Personal life
Stegemann has a diploma in public administration and has graduated by the first Staatsexamen. Stegemann currently lives in Niederkassel.
References
External links
Profile at dfb.de
Profile at worldfootball.net
1984 births
Living people
People from Rhein-Sieg-Kreis
Sportspeople from Cologne (region)
German football referees
MusicVR is a virtual reality project created and developed by the musician Mike Oldfield. To date it has produced two standalone simulation games and inspired content for some of Oldfield's albums. As of January 2010 Tubular.net hosts the free downloads of the two games.
History
MusicVR set out to be a real-time virtual reality experience combining imagery and music, as a non-violent and essentially a non-goal driven game. In the early 1990s when Oldfield first wanted to create this world, the computers required to render the quality of images they wanted were large and vastly expensive. This prevented the early versions of the game from being released to the public, and although Oldfield had toyed with the idea of touring the game with their own powerful computer, this never happened. It was not just the graphical demands that were restrictive, but also the idea that the game should have 'freedom' and not be restricted to one path.
In 1994, Oldfield's album The Songs of Distant Earth, one of the first enhanced CDs, featured a 3D interactive segment, with some ideas similar to MusicVR. This content only works on Apple Mac OS 9 and earlier. Music Virtual Reality (MusicVR) was previously called Sonic Reality and Sonic VR during its development stages.
By the 2000s, as home computers had grown in complexity and capabilities, this earlier problem was mostly erased. Oldfield and their team of programmers set off developing a version of the MusicVR game for release to the public. Because the nature and idea of MusicVR was so different from many of today's games, they felt that they could not use an existing game engine. They developed their own, with Oldfield's creative control of the project deciding its look and feel at each step.
The game was developed on and for Windows based PCs, although Oldfield uses Apple Macintosh computers for recording much of their music.
Tres Lunas
The first publicly released MusicVR game was called Tres Lunas. It contained specially composed music as well as pieces from the album of the same name.
Maestro
The second MusicVR game was called Maestro. It contained specially composed music as well as pieces from Tubular Bells 2003 album.
See also
Xplora1: Peter Gabriel's Secret World - A similar interactive software project by Peter Gabriel from 1993
References
External links
Tubular.net - hosts downloads of the MusicVR games
Tres Lunas and Maestro at MobyGames
Mike Oldfield
Video games based on musicians
Music video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Dorchester Finance Co v Stebbing [1989] BCLC 498 is a UK company law case under the wrongful trading provision of the Insolvency Act 1986 s.214. The director of a company must act in good faith and in the interests of the company, they must display such skill as may reasonably be expected of a person with their knowledge and experience, and they must at all times take such care as a prudent man would take on their own behalf.
Facts
Dorchester Finance, which had gone insolvent, made a claim against Mr Stebbing and two other non-executive director accountants who often signed blank cheques which were later countersigned by Mr Stebbing.
Judgment
Foster J held that directors of a company were bound to act in good faith and in the interests of the company (see now, s.172 Companies Act 2006). They also had to display such skill and care as should be reasonably expected from people with their knowledge and experience (see now, s.174 Companies Act 2006). The system of signing blank cheques was held to be negligent, and liable for losses under s.214 IA 1986.
Furthermore, no distinction should be drawn in principle between an executive and a non-executive director.
Foster J held further that it would not be appropriate for the court to exercise its discretion to relieve the three directors on the basis that they acted "honestly and reasonably" under s.448 of the Companies Act 1948 (see now s.1157(1) Companies Act 2006).
Notes
United Kingdom company case law
High Court of Justice cases
1977 in case law
1977 in British law
St Mark's Church, Derby is a parish church in the Church of England in Chaddesden, Derbyshire.
History
In 1897 a small corrugated iron church was erected at the junction of Francis Street and St Mark's Road, Derby.
The foundation stone for the permanent church was laid on 5 January 1935 by Edith Haslam of Breadsall Priory. The contractor for the construction was J.K. Ford and Weston of Osmaston Road, Derby. The cost was £11,000 (). It was opened on 18 December 1935.
The church is ambulatory. There is a series of eight parabolic arches united by reinforced concrete beams at ground level, ambulatory level and roof level, these form the skeleton of the building.
The church is in a joint parish with St Philip's Church, Chaddesden.
Organ
The church has a pipe organ by Kingsgate Davidson dating from 1935. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
References
Church of England church buildings in Derbyshire
Churches completed in 1935
James Edward Paxson (December 19, 1932 – October 28, 2014) was an American professional basketball player.
A 6'6" swingman, Paxson attended the University of Dayton during the mid-1950s, averaging 10.9 points per game in their collegiate career. They helped the Flyers attain two consecutive second-place finishes in the National Invitation Tournament. After their sophomore year, Paxson Sr. was drafted into the Army during the Korean War. They spent two years in the Army and played with the Armed Forced All-Stars who won the Pan-Am games in Mexico in 1955 before returning for their final season in 1955-56. They averaged 15.5 points per game as a senior as the Flyers went 25-4 and lost to Louisville in the NIT championship game. [6] After graduating in 1956, they were selected by the Minneapolis Lakers with the third pick of the NBA draft, then played two seasons in the NBA with the Lakers and Cincinnati Royals. When their basketball career ended, they entered the insurance business.
Paxson's sons Jim and John both played in the NBA and have also served as NBA general managers. Their son Michael played collegiately at Ohio University for one year.
Paxson died on October 28, 2014. They were 81.
Notes
1932 births
2014 deaths
American men's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1955 Pan American Games
Basketball players from Indiana
Basketball players from Dayton, Ohio
Cincinnati Royals players
Dayton Flyers men's basketball players
Medalists at the 1955 Pan American Games
Minneapolis Lakers draft picks
Minneapolis Lakers players
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in basketball
People from Jay County, Indiana
Rochester Royals draft picks
Shooting guards
Small forwards
USS Wakonda (YTB-528) was a large yard tug proposed for the United States Navy that was not built.
Wakonda was a Hisada-class large yard tug slated to be built at Jacksonville, Florida, by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company, but the contract for their construction was cancelled in October 1945.
The ship was never built.
References
Tugs of the United States Navy
Cancelled ships of the United States Navy
Alexandros Pappas (born September 5, 1990, Indonesia) is a Swedish footballer of Greek descent currently under contract for Finnish side IFK Mariehamn.
References
Guardian Football
External links
eurosport.se
1978 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Örgryte IS players
Amiens SC players
IFK Mariehamn players
Ligue 2 players
Veikkausliiga players
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Association football defenders
Yapraklı, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
History
The village was originally named after an Armenian priest named 'Gügü', who once lived there. The name of the neighborhood was later changed to "Yapraklı"
Geography
Antalya province is 132 km away, and Elmali district is 22 km away.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The 2003 Icelandic Men's Football League Cup was the eighth staging of the Icelandic Men's League Cup. It featured all the 2002 Úrvalsdeild karla teams and the top 6 teams from 1. deild karla in 2002.
The competition started on 21 February 2003 and concluded on 9 May 2003 with ÍA beating Keflavík 4-2 on penalties in the final.
Details
The 16 teams were divided into 2 groups of 8 teams. Each team plays one match with other teams in the group once. The top 4 teams from each group qualified for the quarter-finals.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
See also
Icelandic Men's Football Cup
Knattspyrnusamband Íslands - The Icelandic Football Association
Icelandic First Division League 2003
References
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 2003
2003 domestic association football cups
2003 in Icelandic football
Icelandic Men's Football League Cup
The ILO International Classification of Radiographs of Pneumoconioses is a system of classifying chest radiographs (X-rays) for persons with a (or, rarely, more than one) form of pneumoconiosis. The intent is to provide a standardized, uniform method of interpreting and describing abnormalities in chest x-rays that are thought to be caused by prolonged dust inhalation. In use, it provides a system for both epidemiological comparisons of many individuals exposed to dust and evaluation of an individual's potential disease relative to established standards.
History
Since 1946, the International Labour Organization has been a specialized agency of the United Nations, with objectives including establishing and overseeing international labor standards and labor rights. The International Labour Office ("ILO") is the Organization's research body and publishing house. Since 1950, the ILO has periodically published guidelines on how to classify chest X-rays for pneumoconiosis. The purpose of the Classification was to describe and codify radiographic abnormalities of the pneumoconioses in a simple, systematic, and reproducible manner, aiding international comparisons of data, epidemiology, screening and surveillance, clinical purposes, and medical research. The most recent edition of the Guidelines, completed in 2011, replaced the 2000 revised edition.
In 1974, after studies of surveillance programs for coal miners revealed unacceptable degrees of interreader variability, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH),began the "B" reader program (so named because of the Black lung or Coal Workers' X-ray Surveillance Program), with the intent to train and certify physicians in the ILO Classification system. The "B" reader certification examination went into full operation in 1978. A physician must pass the certification examination to be a "B" reader.
Basic Description
The ILO Classification system includes the printed Guidelines and sets of standard radiographs, available in both film and, as of 2011, digital forms. The reader compares the subject chest X-ray (only the appearances seen on postero-anterior, or PA, chest x-ray) with those of the standard set. The standard radiographs provide differing types ("shape and size") and severity ("profusion") of abnormalities seen in persons with pneumoconiosis, including Coal Workers' Pneumoconiosis, silicosis, and asbestosis. The reader then classifies the subject x-ray, often recording the findings on the NIOSH Roentgenographic Interpretation form. The ILO Classification system pertains to pulmonary parenchymal abnormalities (small and large opacities), pleural changes (pleural plaques, calcification, and diffuse pleural thickening) and other features associated, or sometimes confused, with occupational lung disease.
The "Complete Set" of standard x-rays consists of 22 radiographs: two illustrating normal profusion, fifteen of differing profusion category and shape/size of small opacity (see below), three illustrating large opacity, one of "u"-sized small opacity, and one of various pleural abnormalities. The "Quad Set" consists of 14 radiographs, nine of the most commonly used standards from the Complete Set, plus five additional composite reproductions of quadrant sections from the other radiographs in the Complete Set. The film sets were new to coincide with the ILO (2000) Guidelines; the digital set is new and coincides with the 2011 Guidelines.
Methodology
Technical Quality (formerly Film Quality):
In the current ILO Classification system, the reader is first asked to grade radiographic quality. There are four technical grades: (1) Good; (2) Acceptable, with no technical defect likely to impair classification; (3) Acceptable, with some technical defect but still adequate; and (4) Unacceptable. Quality defects include over- or under-exposure, underinflation, artifacts, improper positioning, and others.
Parenchymal Abnormalities:
Small Opacities: The reader will categorize small opacities according to shape and size. The small, rounded opacities are p (up to about 1.5 mm), q (about 1.5 mm to about 3 mm), or r (exceeding about 3mm and up to about 10 mm). Small, irregular opacities are classified by width as s, t, or u (same respective sizes as for small, rounded opacities).
Lung Zones: Each lung is mentally subdivided by the reader into 3 evenly spaced zones: upper, middle, and lower. The zones in which the small parenchymal opacities appear are recorded.
Profusion: Using the Standard X-rays, the profusion (concentration) of small opacities is classified on a 4-point major category scale (0, 1, 2, or 3), with each major category divided into three, giving 12 ordered subcategories of increasing profusion: 0/-, 0/0, 0/1, 1/0, 1/1, 1/2, 2/1, 2/2, 2/3, 3/2, 3/3, and 3/+. Category 0 refers to the absence of small opacity and category 3 represents the most profuse. The major category (first number) represents the profusion felt to best fit the subject x-ray, and the minor category (second number) represents either the profusion seriously considered as an alternative, or if none, the same profusion as the major category. For example, if the reader thinks the x-ray being read has profusion most like the standard x-ray for category 1, but serious considered category 2 as an alternative description of the profusion, then the reading is 1/2.
Large opacities: A large opacity is defined as any opacity greater than 1 cm in diameter. They are classified as Category A (for one or more large opacities whose combined the longest dimension does not exceed about 50 mm), category B (for one or more large opacities whose combined the longest dimension exceeds 50 mm but does not exceed the equivalent area of the right upper lung zone), or category C (for one or more large opacities whose combined the longest dimension exceed the equivalent area of the right upper lung zone).
Pleural Abnormalities:
Pleural abnormalities are reported with respect to type (pleural plaques or diffuse pleural thickening), location (chest wall, diaphragm, or other), presence of calcification, width (only of in profile pleural thickening seen along the chest wall edge), and extent (combined distance for involved chest wall).
Any Other Abnormality:
There are 29 "obligatory" symbols representing important features related to dust diseases of the lungs and other etiologies. These symbols are: aa atherosclerotic aorta; at significant apical pleural thickening; ax coalescence of small opacities; bu bulla(e); ca cancer; cg calcified granuloma; cn calcification of small pneumoconiotic opacities; co abnormal cardiac shape or size; cp cor pulmonale; cv cavity; di marked distortion of an intrathoracic structure; ef pleural effusion; em emphysema; es eggshell calcification of hilar lymph node; fr rib fracture(s); hi enlargement of non-calcified hilar nodes; ho honeycombing; id ill-defined diaphragm border; ih ill-defined heart border; kl septal (Kerley) lines; me mesothelioma (pleural). pa plate atelectasis; pb parenchymal bands; pi pleural thickening of an interlobar fissure; px pneumothorax; ra rounded atelectasis; rp rheumatoid pneumoconiosis; tb tuberculosis; and od other disease or significant abnormality. Finally, the reader comments on any other abnormal features of the chest radiograph or other relevant information.
References
Projectional radiography
Indra Lorentzen (born 17 August 1956 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Norwegian dancer and choreographer with family roots on the mother's side, in Indonesia.
Biography
Lorentzen started dancing at four years old in Stockholm. They studied dancing at the Opera Ballet School in Oslo, and became a member of the ballet ensemble of the Norwegian National Ballet in 1973, soloist in 1977. With their background as a half Indonesian, half Norwegian, they are in contact with a different culture of human relations also through body gestures.
They debuted as a choreographer for the Norwegian National Ballet in 1998 with the Sami-inspired Flettede stier, and has since choreographed several productions in Sweden, Norway and Greenland, including Peer Gynt and A Midsummer Night's Dream, and also dance films like Skårungen and the Radioballetten.
Lorentzen has danced an impressive list of roles in the Opera Ballet. It is like a list of highlights in recent Norwegian scene dance. They were awarded the Critics prize for the title role in Månerenen by Birgit Cullberg (1981), an immensely demanding role with hefty leap in savagery and pain. In Volven (1989) by Kjersti Alveberg, a piece created over Norse creation myths, they were elevated and strong, sometimes almost motionless, yet the center point that the show revolved about. The term dance theater got a new meaning in their representation of the mother in the family drama Tango (1987). They could visualize abstract sounds like in the figure 'Miranda' from The Tempest (1980). Moreover, they added the physical surplus that classical roles need in dance theatre. Them farewell performance in the Opera Ballet in 1997 was also Tango.
Lorentzen is a living example of the wisdom of an Indonesian statement: "A bad dancer showcases herself, the best dancer showcases dance". In this statement you find the wisdom that music, as the mystery of life, is all around us at all times. We don't create it, but we can borrow it from a universal source and make it visible. The music is in the Universe.
Honors
Kritikerprisen (Norwegian Dance Critics Award) 1981, for the title role in Månerenen by Birgit Cullberg
References
External links
Indra Lorentzen Biography at Store Norske Leksikon
Kjersti Alveberg, ASHES MIST, WINDBLOWN DUST, NRK 1986 on YouTube
1956 births
Norwegian female dancers
Living people
Norwegian choreographers
Rogów Legnicki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately east of Prochowice, east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 310.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Lionel Alexandre Pierre de Marmier was a World War I flying ace credited with six confirmed aerial victories in World War I. They remained involved in aviation postwar, setting flying records and serving in the Spanish Civil War. At the start of World War II, they returned to their nation's service, shooting down at least one German plane. They died in an air crash on 30 December 1944. They were posthumously promoted to General.
Biography
Lionel Alexandre Pierre de Marmier was born in Bellegarde-en-Marche, France on 4 December 1897.
World War I service
They began military service on 12 January 1916, with an aviation unit. On 15 March 1916, they went for pilot training. They graduated initial training with their Military Pilot's Brevet on 2 July 1916. After advanced training, they were posted to Escadrille 112 on 1 December 1916. They rose through the enlisted ranks while serving with them, reaching the rank of Adjutant on 5 December 1917.
They made unconfirmed combat claims for a pair of single-handed victories on 30 September 1917. Then they began to hunt in consort with Fernand Henri Chavannes. When the new SPAD XII came out in Spring 1918, it was distributed one per French squadron. The "cannon Spad" for their unit was shared between Marmier and their friend Chavannes; it even bore the shared marking of an 'M' entwined with a 'C'.
At any rate, the two of them would claim four victories together, with another one going unconfirmed. De Marmier's sixth and final World War I victory came on 31 May 1918. That same day, they were promoted out of the enlisted ranks, being commissioned as a Sous lieutenant. For their valor, they had earned the Médaille Militaire and the Croix de Guerre by war's end.
Between the wars
On 15 February 1920, they were honored by induction as a Chevalier into the Legion d'honneur. On 15 February 1930, they were raised to the level of Officier in the Legion. Meanwhile, they set several world aviation records, leading to their further promotion in the Legion, to Commandeur. They also fought in the Spanish Civil War.
World War II service
In September 1939, de Marmier returned to duty with their nation with the rank of Commandant. Marmier claimed at least one German plane on 3 June 1940, while they were flying a Caudron C.714 with the Polish pilots of GC 1/145 'Varsovie'. After the French surrender, they joined the Free French Air Force and served in it, taking command of the free French transport lines. They were given the rank of general by General Charles de Gaulle, shortly before their accidental death in a flying accident, when their Lockheed Model 18 Lodestar crashed in the Mediterranean sea on 30 December 1944.
Awards and honors
Médaille Militaire:
"Elite pilot, every day giving new proof of their exceptional qualities of ardor and bravery. Always volunteers for the most perilous missions and has brilliantly distinguished themselves during the combats in which they have engaged, forcing six enemy planes to return disabled to their lines, and by downing three others, two during the course of the same day." Médaille Militaire citation, 9 April 1918
Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur:
"Pursuit pilot of brilliant bravery who, because of their temerity, never bothered to count the number of their adversaries. They reported seven official victories, and several others not confirmed. They were wounded in one combat and in another their plane burned. One wound, eight citations." Légion d'Honneur citation, 16 June 1920
They were raised to the rank of Officier in the Legion on 15 February 1930, and to Commandeur in January 1936.
They also won the Croix de guerre during World War I.
Sources of information
References
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
Gutmann, Jon (2002). SPAD XII/XIII aces of World War I. Oxford:Osprey Publishing. , 9781841763163.
Biography (French)
External links
Biography, list of aerial victories, color profiles of their planes
1897 births
1944 deaths
French World War I flying aces
People lost at sea
People from Creuse
French Air Force generals
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents
French military personnel killed in World War II
"Drill Call" is a bugle call which sounds as a warning to turn out for drill.
References
Bands.Army.Mil
Bugle calls
Jeremy Allen Moss (born June 23, 1986) is a Democratic politician from Michigan currently representing the 11th State Senate District, which includes Farmington, Farmington Hills, Ferndale, Hazel Park, Huntington Woods, Lathrup Village, Madison Heights, Oak Park, Pleasant Ridge, Royal Oak Township, and Southfield. Prior to their election to the Michigan Senate, they served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 2014 - 2018, and remains the youngest-ever member of the Southfield City Council.
Personal life
Moss was born on June 23, 1986 in Detroit and is a lifelong resident of Southfield, Michigan. Moss is Jewish. They attended Hillel Day School and graduated from Wylie E. Groves High School in the Birmingham Public School District.
They graduated with high honors from Michigan State University with a bachelor's degree in journalism and an additional major in political science. While attending Michigan State, they studied race relations in South Africa and graduated from the Michigan Political Leadership Program Fellowship. They were also president of the university's Phi Sigma Pi.
Moss is currently a member organization such as the Greater Southfield/Farmington chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Martin Luther King Task Force, and is a board member of Congregation Beth Ahm in Oakland County.
They also serve on the Michigan Democratic Party's State Central Committee, as a board member of the Southfield Lathrup Village Democratic Club, and has been a Southfield Democratic Precinct Delegate. They were an alternate delegate from Michigan to the 2012 Democratic National Convention. In 2011, they were selected Young Democrat of the Year by the Oakland County Democratic Party.
 They are openly gay.
Professional life
Moss worked in the offices of Mayor Brenda Lawrence and State Representative Paul Condino. They worked as District Director for State Representative Rudy Hobbs after serving as their campaign manager.
In November 2011, at age 25, they placed first among eight candidates to be elected to serve as the youngest-ever member of the Southfield City Council. They served as chairperson of the council's Legislative and Urban Affairs Committee, and as a member of the Boards and Commission and Neighborhood Services committees. In 2013, Moss successfully advocated for the creation of a new Economic Development Committee.
They were elected to serve the 35th District in the Michigan House of Representatives in November 2014. They became the second openly gay member elected to the Michigan legislature.
In their first term in the Michigan House of Representatives, they served as minority vice chairperson of the House Local Government Committee and sat on the House Commerce and Trade and House Regulatory Reform committees.
Moss was re-elected in 2016. They were selected by their colleagues to serve as the House Democratic Whip. In their second term, they served as minority vice chairperson of the House Regulatory Reform Committee and sat on the House Elections and Ethics Committee, House Local Government Committee, and the Joint Committee on Administrative Rules.
Electoral history
Moss was elected to the Southfield City Council in 2011, placing first in a crowded field of candidates to earn a four-year term. In 2014, they defeated Nicole Brown, Darryle Buchanan and Charles Roddis in the Democratic primary for the 35th District of the Michigan House of Representatives on August 5, 2014. They then went on to defeat Republican Party candidate Robert Brim in the general election on November 4, 2014. They defeated Brim in a rematch in 2016.
In 2018, Moss defeated Crystal Bailey, Vanessa Moss, and James Turner in the Democratic primary for the 11th State Senate district. They went on to defeat Republican Boris Tuman and Libertarian James Young in the general election.
See also
Michigan House of Representatives
References
External links
Official Senate Profile
Michigan House's Democratic Caucus Website for Representative Moss
1986 births
Gay politicians
Jewish American people in Michigan politics
Jewish American state legislators in Michigan
LGBT city councillors from the United States
LGBT Jews
LGBT state legislators in Michigan
Living people
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Democrats
Michigan State University alumni
People from Southfield, Michigan
21st-century American politicians
Politicians from Detroit
21st-century American Jews
Akoluk is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Christian Eggen (born 8 January 1957) is a Norwegian composer, pianist and conductor.
References
1957 births
Living people
Norwegian classical composers
Norwegian classical pianists
Norwegian conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
Norwegian male classical composers
Norwegian male pianists
21st-century conductors (music)
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century Norwegian male musicians
The Sea Chanters (officially the United States Navy Band Sea Chanters) are a component unit of the United States Navy Band. Activated in 1956 by order of Admiral Arleigh Burke, the unit is a mixed chorus principally charged with "perpetuating songs of the sea".
History
In 1956, Lt. Harold Fultz, then the U.S. Navy Band's assistant leader, organized a group from the United States Navy School of Music to sing chanteys and patriotic songs for the State of the Nation dinner. Admiral Arleigh Burke, then chief of naval operations, transferred the ensemble to the Navy Band, named them the Sea Chanters and tasked what was at the time the all-male chorus with "perpetuating the songs of the sea". In 1980, the group added women to their ranks for the first time.
In subsequent years, the group would perform on "Larry King Live", "CBS This Morning", and at the premier of Pearl Harbor. They have also appeared with Perry Como, Marian Anderson, Kenny Rogers, and Lionel Richie. The Sea Chanters' 2016 performance of the Egyptian song “Feha Haga Helwa”, sung on the occasion of the official visit of Gen. Mahmoud Hegazy to the United States, was popularly received by Egyptian social media users who viewed it "thousands" of times and commented on its "almost perfect Arabic".
September 11 memorial service
On 14 September 2011, the Sea Chanters performed the "Battle Hymn of the Republic" at the national memorial service for the September 11 attacks at the Washington National Cathedral, immediately following the eulogy by President of the United States George W. Bush. Prior to the memorial service, White House officials debated the wisdom of following Bush's speech with the "Battle Hymn of the Republic" due to both the song's length, at five stanzas, and its lyrics which were "unabashedly militant", describing the "fateful lightning" of a "terrible, swift sword". Later, some officials of the Administration cited the performance by the Sea Chanters as an "awakening" of a need for war.
Organization
During most of the year, the Sea Chanters are posted to the Washington, D.C. area to support state and Navy events, however, embark on a three-week United States tour annually. As of 2018, a majority of its 23 members held university degrees in music and are selected to the ensemble through a process of competitive audition.
In addition to its repertoire of sea chanteys and traditional naval songs and ballads, the Sea Chanters also perform patriotic, operatic, and contemporary music.
Notable members
Rockwell Blake
See also
Alexandrov Ensemble
Choir of the French Army
Cleanshave
References
External links
The Sea Chanters perform the traditional chantey "High Barbary"
Bands of the United States Navy
1956 establishments in the United States
United States Navy
USS Waukegan, was a medium harbor tug that was acquired by the United States Navy in September 1964 from the United States Army for which they had served as LT-1968. Named Waukegan and designated YTM-755, they were assigned to the 10th Naval District at San Juan, Puerto Rico. The tug was based there for their entire 11-year naval career, serving ships in the 10th Naval District. In September 1975, they were placed out of service; and their name was struck from the Navy list. They were subsequently disposed of by sale. Them current status is unknown.
Ship awards
National Defense Service Medal
External links
1954 ships
Ships of the United States Navy
Dieter Enders (17 March 1946 – 29 June 2019) was a German organic chemist who did work developing asymmetric synthesis, in particular using modified prolines as chiral auxiliaries. The most widely applied of their chiral auxiliaries are the complementary SAMP and RAMP auxiliaries, which allow for asymmetric alpha-alkylation of aldehydes and ketones. In 1974 they obtained their doctorate from the University of Gießen studying under Dieter Seebach and followed this with a postdoc at Harvard University studying with Elias James Corey. They then moved back to Gießen to obtain their Habilitation in 1979, whereupon they became a lecturer, soon obtaining Professorship in 1980 as Professor of Organic Chemistry at Bonn. In 1985 they moved to Aachen, where they were Full Professor of Organic Chemistry and Director. They were editor-in-chief of Synthesis and was on the advisory boards of many other journals including Letters in Organic Chemistry and SynLett.
During their career they won many awards, including:
1993 Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft
1995 Yamada Award, Japan
2000 Max-Planck-Forschungspreis for Chemistry
2002 Emil-Fischer-Medaille of the GDCh
2014 Ryoji Noyori Prize, Japan
External links
Dieter Enders Home Page
Curriculum Vitae Prof. Dr. Dieter Enders
1946 births
2019 deaths
University of Giessen alumni
Harvard University alumni
University of Bonn faculty
20th-century German chemists
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners
RWTH Aachen University faculty
Organic chemists
21st-century German chemists
Hadas is a Kuwaiti Islamist political organization. Hadas may also refer to
Hadas (name)
Hadass, a branch of the myrtle tree used on the Jewish holiday of Sukkot
Machzikei Hadas, a Modern Orthodox synagogue in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
Grossart is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Sir Angus Grossart (1937–2022), Scottish business person
William Grossart (1896–?), Scottish World War I flying ace
See also
Grosart
Jason Bright (born 7 March 1973) is a retired Australian racing driver who competed in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship. They drove the No. 56 Ford FG X Falcon for Britek Motorsport, a satellite team of Prodrive Racing Australia, before retiring from full-time racing at the end of the 2017.
Racing career
Australia
Bright started their motor racing career at the age of 15 in 1988 and won the Junior Club Championship at the Gippsland Go-Kart Club. One year later, Bright won the Senior Club Championships.
In 1990, Bright was the runner-up in the Victorian Go Karting Championship and they went on to win the championship in 1991.
1992 saw Bright move into single-seaters and into the Victorian Formula Ford Championship and finished fourth and dovetailed this with another go-kart campaign, finishing third overall in Australia.
Bright made their debut in the Australian Formula Ford Championship in 1993, in a factory-backed Spectrum. In the season, they had the best finish of sixth at Symmons Plains, but in the Australian Formula Ford Festival at Winton, they finished second. Bright finished third in the 1994 Australian Formula Ford Championship, behind Steven Richards and Gavin Monaghan. They won the Formula Ford race supporting the Australian Grand Prix.
1995 was a fantastic season for Bright, winning the Australian Formula Ford Championship, winning the Australian Grand Prix support race and the Lexmark Indy 300 support race. They were also nominated for two major Australian awards.
They finished runner-up in the 1996 Australian Drivers' Championship behind Paul Stokell, winning 3 races. But in 1997, Bright dominated that championship, winning seven races and made their V8 Supercar debut at Symmons Plains, finishing ninth, but better was to come as they finished third in the Sandown 500 with Alan Jones but failed to capitalise at Bathurst a few weeks later, finishing eleventh.
In 1998, Bright became a full-time touring car driver, joining Stone Brothers Racing, showing considerable promise with several top six performances and a third place at Calder Park. They and co-driver Steven Richards won the Bathurst Classic (the V8Supercar version of the Bathurst 1000 that year) coming back after Bright crashed heavily in practice and only being able to record a single flying lap in qualifying because of the extensive repairs.
In 1999, they had six podiums, including a win at Hidden Valley Raceway and three pole positions. They also took part in the sportscar race at Adelaide to bring in 2000 and finished third in class.
2001 saw Bright return to the V8 Supercar series after a stint in Champ Car competition (see below), with the multi-championship-winning Holden Racing Team. Bright won the season-opening Clipsal 500 and led for most of the first half of the season before fading to third. 2002 was another good season at HRT, with 2 wins and a pole.
2003 saw Bright move to Paul Weel Racing and consistency was the key to get them fourth in the standings. 2004 saw Bright win three races finishing third in the championship. Bright also won the 2003 Bathurst 24 Hour race in a Holden Monaro driving with the late Peter Brock, Greg Murphy and Todd Kelly. This car was run by rival V8 Supercar team Garry Rogers Motorsport.
Bright crossed marques in 2005 when they moved to Ford Performance Racing. Bright finished ninth overall for FPR.
Bright had an awful start to the 2006 season, finishing 15th and 25th in Adelaide. However they improved throughout the season, ending with a win at the Sandown 500 and the inaugural Desert 400 at the Bahrain International Circuit as well as podiums at Surfers Paradise and Symmons Plains.
For 2007, Bright left FPR to join their struggling Britek Motorsport team and battled in the midfield. After two seasons with funds tightening, Bright leased out one of their two Racing Entitlement Contracts and focussed on just one car. Further to the team cutbacks, Bright came to an arrangement with Stone Brothers Racing to do vehicle preparation and most of their team equipment and workshop on the market, effectively shutting down Britek as a racing team. Their form gradually improved at SBR and jumped forward when their older Britek BF Falcon was replaced with a SBR FG Falcon picking up a third at the Sydney 500 and leading the race, but by this stage Bright's major sponsor Fujitsu had announced they would be leaving the team.
Brad Jones Racing team owner, Kim Jones confirmed that Bright will be joining the team for the 2010 season.
Bright confirmed that they would re-join Prodrive Racing Australia after leaving BJR for the 2017 Supercars Championship season, just 10 years after they left the team for Britek Motorsports, making them the fourth driver in the team.
Overseas
Bright's first taste of international competition was in 1996, a hectic year in which they raced in both the United States and Australia. They won two races in the US Formula Ford 2000 Championship, at St. Petersburg and Mosport, finished second in the championship behind Steve Knapp and was awarded Rookie of the Year.
In 2000, Bright left Australia to join the Indy Lights series in America, where they had five podium finishes and finished sixth in the standings. They also made their Champ Car debut at the Lexmark Indy 300 that year.
In 2006, they drove for Prodrive in an Aston Martin at the Sebring 12 Hour finishing fourth. 2013 they made their debut at the Le mans 24 Hour race driving for 8-Star Motorsports. They finished 10th in class.
Britek Motorsport
Bright established their own V8 Supercar team, Britek Motorsport, in 2005. They were driving for Ford Performance Racing at the time and thus their team had restrictions on testing and driver licensing. The team is officially referred to as Fujitsu Racing, after their marquee sponsor. Bright joined their own team in 2007. They nearly won the 2007 Bathurst 1000 but a bad tyre call in the pits left them hitting the wall at McPhillamy Park with 10 laps to go.
Britek also briefly ran Ford Australias entry in the Australian Rally Championship, a pair of Super 2000 Ford Fiestas for Michael Guest and Darren Windus.
The team wound down after the 2008 season. The team's franchises remained live in 2009 with one leased out and Bright running the other as a Stone Brothers Racing customer team. At the end of 2009, the leased franchise was sold off to Brad Jones Racing.
Brad Jones Racing
For the 2010 season, Bright drove a Holden VE Commodore for Brad Jones Racing.
Jason Bright's 2010 season was rather inconsistent, but a couple of good qualifying performances at the back half of the year, a 4th place at the 2010 Bathurst 1000, and a podium finish at Symmons Plains, finishing behind Paul Dumbrell and Mark Winterbottom led to an overall result of 14th place in the championship. Race 8 in Perth saw Bright win Brad Jones Racing its first-ever V8 Supercars win. Bright followed this up with a win at Winton and was amongst the favourites to win the championship with a high of 4th in the championship standings. However, Bright's 2011 season faded away. Later in the season, Bright injured their ribs and missed 3 events as a result. Their 2012 season was rather inconsistent, finishing 16th - for the second year in a row.
In 2013, with the introduction of the Car Of The Future rules, Brad Jones Racing saw a dramatic change in performance in both Bright and teammate Fabian Coulthard. Using the new Holden VF Commodore, the team saw back-to-back wins at Tasmania, with Bright winning their first race since Winton 2011. Bright then went on to win Race 4 at Pukekohe Raceway, which awarded them the inaugural Jason Richards Memorial Trophy, for scoring the most points over the weekend; their famous celebration ended up in them busting a fluorescent light while jumping for joy. Bright's form thus far has been rather consistent, landing them with enough points to make the Top 10 in the 2013 championship. A stroke of bad luck, however, saw Bright not being able to compete in Race 1 at Gold Coast, after Andrew Jones severely damaged the car during practice. However, they did manage to repair the car to such an extent that they competed in Race 2, where they managed to place 15th. Bright finished the 2013 Championship season in 7th place, one place below teammate Fabian Coulthard.
Bright had a disastrous start to 2014, with a monumental crash in Race 3 at the Clipsal 500 giving them their first and only DNF for the season. Since then, Bright has been rather inconsistent, with only one podium finish; a win at the Auckland 500.
Career results
Complete Supercars Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Bathurst 1000 results
American Open-Wheel
(key)
Indy Lights results
Champ Car
International GT Racing
Complete American Le Mans Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete FIA World Endurance Championship results
Bathurst 24 Hour results
12 Hours of Sebring results
Bathurst 12 Hour results
24 Hours of Le Mans results
References
Jason's Website
Driver DataBase profile
ChampCar Stats profile
Indy Lights profile
Conrod V8 profile
NMD Driver Articles page
Racing Reference profile
1973 births
Living people
Champ Car drivers
Indy Lights drivers
Supercars Championship drivers
People from Moe, Victoria
Racing drivers from Victoria (Australia)
Bathurst 1000 winners
Formula Ford drivers
Formula Holden drivers
American Le Mans Series drivers
Australian Touring Car Championship drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
FIA World Endurance Championship drivers
U.S. F2000 National Championship drivers
Aston Martin Racing drivers
Garry Rogers Motorsport drivers
Stone Brothers Racing drivers
Matt Stone Racing drivers
Dick Johnson Racing drivers
Boğazkent is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Jordan Matthew Ford (born May 26, 1998) is an American professional basketball player for the Ontario Clippers of the NBA G League. They played college basketball for the Saint Mary's Gaels.
Early life and high school career
Ford learned the game of chess at the age of four with their father, Cuzear, serving as their teacher. They began beating adults before winning two California state titles and was ranked seventh in the nation in their age bracket. However, they quit playing competitively at the age of eight to focus on basketball. Ford attended Folsom High School, playing under coach Mike Wall. They scored 34 points in a playoff game against Sacramento High School in March 2016. Ford was named the Sacramento Bee's player of the year two times. They committed to play for Saint Mary's because they liked the structured offense, spurning offers from Gonzaga, California, Oregon and Oregon State.
College career
As a first-year student, Ford considered redshirting, but ultimately came off the bench as a backup to Joe Rahon, who encouraged them to focus on their defense. In the summer of 2017, Ford was diagnosed with epiglottitis and ended up in the hospital, losing the 12 pounds they gained lifting weights. They scored 27 against BYU in the West Coast Conference tournament. Ford had 19 points against Southeastern Louisiana in the first round of the NIT and made a SportsCenter top 10 play when they took a pass from Emmett Naar and did a double-spin move to complete a layup off the glass. As a sophomore, Ford averaged 11.1 points, 2.7 rebounds, and 1.6 assists per game, shooting 50.8 percent from the field and 44.3 percent from behind the arc. Ford scored a career-high 35 points on 11-of-17 shooting in a 92–63 win over Utah Valley on November 13, 2018. As a junior, Ford was second in the WCC in scoring with 21.1 points per game to go with 2.5 assists, 2.8 rebounds, and 1.3 steals per game. They helped lead the Gaels to an upset on Gonzaga in the conference championship and NCAA Tournament appearance, where they fell to Villanova. They were named to the First Team All-WCC.
Coming into their senior season, Ford was named to the Naismith and Wooden Award watchlists. In their senior season opener, they scored 26 points and hit 4-of-8 three-pointers as Saint Mary's defeated Wisconsin 65–63 in overtime. At the conclusion of the regular season, Ford was named to the First Team All-WCC. On March 7, 2020, Ford scored a career-high 42 points in a 89–82 double overtime win over Pepperdine in the WCC Tournament quarterfinal. They scored 18 points in the WCC Tournament semifinal versus BYU and hit a jump shot with 1.4 seconds remaining to give the Gaels a 51–50 win. Ford averaged 21.9 points per game on a team that finished 26–8.
Professional career
Ontario Clippers (2021)
After going undrafted in the 2020 NBA draft, Ford signed an Exhibit 10 contract with the Los Angeles Clippers. They were waived by the Clippers on December 14.
On February 4, 2021, Ford was included in the roster of the Ontario Clippers.
Peristeri (2021)
On March 24, 2021, Ford signed with Greek club Peristeri for the rest of the 2020–21 season.
Return to Ontario (2021–present)
On September 24, 2021, Ford signed with the Los Angeles Clippers and was waived the same day. On October 27, Ford re-signed with the Ontario Clippers.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"| Saint Mary's
| 29 || 0 || 5.8 || .389 || .357 || .818 || .6 || .7 || .1 || .0 || 2.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| Saint Mary's
| 36 || 36 || 27.4 || .508 || .443 || .754 || 2.7 || 1.6 || .9 || .1 || 11.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Saint Mary's
| 34 || 34 || 36.9 || .489 || .412 || .800 || 2.8 || 2.5 || 1.3 || .0 || 21.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Saint Mary's
| 34 || 34 || 38.0 || .492 || .411 || .836 || 3.0 || 2.3 || 1.4 || .0 || 21.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 133 || 104 || 27.8 || .490 || .416 || .806 || 2.3 || 1.8 || .9 || .0 || 14.5
References
External links
Saint Mary's Gaels bio
1998 births
Living people
Agua Caliente Clippers players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from California
People from Folsom, California
Peristeri B.C. players
Point guards
Saint Mary's Gaels men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Phillips County is a county located in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Arkansas, in what is known as the Arkansas Delta along the Mississippi River. As of the 2010 census, the population was 21,757. The county seat is Helena–West Helena. Phillips County is Arkansas's seventh (7th) county, formed on May 1, 1820. It was named for Sylvanus Phillips, the area's first-known white or European-American settler; they were elected as representative to the first Territorial Legislature of the Arkansas Territory. This fertile lowland area was developed for cotton plantations in the antebellum area and is still largely rural and agricultural.
The Helena-West Helena, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Phillips County. From September 30-October 1, 1919 during the Elaine race riot in Phillips County, at least 237 African Americans were killed, attacked at large by armed whites trying to suppress the Progressive Farmers and Household Union of America which was organizing in the county. Because the white mob actions were racial terrorism against African Americans, the deaths were classified as lynchings by the Equal Justice Initiative in its 2015 report on lynchings in the South. Based on this, Phillips County ranks as the county with the highest number of lynchings in U.S. history.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.4%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 49
Highway 1
Highway 39
Highway 85
Adjacent counties
Lee County (north)
Tunica County, Mississippi (northeast)
Coahoma County, Mississippi (east)
Bolivar County, Mississippi (southeast)
Desha County (south)
Arkansas County (southwest)
Monroe County (northwest)
National protected areas
St. Francis National Forest (part)
White River National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 16,568 people, 7,485 households, and 4,836 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 21,757 people living in the county. 63.1% were Black or African American, 35.0% White, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% Native American, 0.4% of some other race and 0.9% of two or more races. 1.3% were Hispanic or Latino (of any race).
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 26,445 people, 9,711 households, and 6,768 families living in the county. The population density was 38 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 10,859 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 59.04% Black or African American, 39.25% White, 0.43% from other races, 0.32% Asian, 0.17% Native American, 0.01% Pacific Islander, and 0.78% from two or more races. 1.44% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. At over 58% of the county's population, Phillips County has the highest percentage of African Americans in the state of Arkansas.
There were 9,711 households, out of which 34.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.30% were married couples living together, 25.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.30% were non-families. 27.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.29.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 32.20% under the age of 18, 9.40% from 18 to 24, 23.20% from 25 to 44, 21.20% from 45 to 64, and 13.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 84.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 77.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,231, and the median income for a family was $26,570. Males had a median income of $24,675 versus $17,520 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,288. About 28.70% of families and 32.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 45.50% of those under age 18 and 26.20% of those age 65 or over.
For the period 2000–2009, the Helena-West Helena statistical area lost 20.89% of its population, the largest decline of any statistical area in the country.
Government
As a majority-black county, Phillips County is strongly Democratic. It has voted for the Democratic presidential candidate in all but two elections in the last century. Strom Thurmond carried the county in their whites-only Dixiecrat effort in 1948. At that time, Democrats were composed chiefly of conservative whites, as most blacks had been disenfranchised at the turn of the century. Prior to that, they had been affiliated with the Republican Party.
Richard Nixon carried the county in their 1972 landslide). Blacks were not yet voting in full force, following passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, as some states and counties continued to have ways to suppress their vote.
Education
School districts serving Phillips County include the Helena-West Helena School District, the Marvell–Elaine School District, and the Barton–Lexa School District.
Previously the Lake View School District served a portion of the county. On July 1, 2004, the Lake View district merged into the Barton–Lexa district. Previously the Elaine School District served another portion of the county. On July 1, 2006, the Elaine district merged into the Marvell district.
Marvell Academy, a private school founded in 1966 as a segregation academy, is in unincorporated Phillips County, near Marvell.
Communities
Cities
Elaine
Helena–West Helena (county seat)
Lake View
Marvell
Town
Lexa
Unincorporated places
Modoc
Poplar Grove
Lambrook
Townships
Notable people
Bruce Bennett, Arkansas Attorney General
Barry Williamson, attorney and member of the Texas Railroad Commission
Blanche Lincoln, U.S. Senator
Mark Lavon "Levon" Helm, drummer and singer for The Band
Robert Lockwood Jr., blues guitarist and singer
Angie Craig, U.S. Representative from Minnesota
See also
List of lakes in Phillips County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Phillips County, Arkansas
References
External links
Phillips County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1820 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1820
Arkansas counties on the Mississippi River
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Arkansas
Lee Tae-bok (; 11 December 1950 – 3 December 2021) was a South Korean politician. They served as Minister of Health and Welfare from January to July 2002.
References
1950 births
2021 deaths
South Korean politicians
Health and Welfare ministers of South Korea
People from Boryeong
Oleksiievo-Druzhkivka () is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion of Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine.
Until 18 July 2020, Oleksiievo-Druzhkivka was located in Druzhkivka Municipality. The municipality was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, the number of raions of Donetsk Oblast was reduced to eight, of which only five were controlled by the government. Druzhkivka Municipality was merged into Kramatorsk Raion.
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Eden (Hebrew: ), as a given name, has several derivations, from the Biblical Garden of Eden, meaning 'delight'; It is given to girls and boys. The first recorded use is from ancient Israel in the book of Genesis.
Given name
Notable people with the given name Eden:
Eden Ahbez (1908–1995), performance name of American musician George Alexander Aberle
Eden Alene (born 2000), Israeli singer
Eden Bleazard (1855–1946), New Zealand artist
Eden Brekke (1893–1978), superintendent of Parks and Alderman of the 37th Ward, Chicago
Eden Colvile (1819–1893), Canadian historic figure, grandson of William Eden
Eden Espinosa (born 1978), American singer and stage actor
Eden Harel (born 1976), MTV Europe VJ during the 1990s
Eden Hazard (born 1991), Belgian and Real Madrid CF football player
Eden Kane (born 1940), stage name of Richard Sarstedt, English singer
Eden Kuriakose, Indian film actor
Eden McCain, a character from the American television series, Heroes
Eden Natan-Zada (1986-2005), IDF soldier that convicted mass murder incident
Eden Paul, British Physician and Writer
Eden Phillpotts (1862–1960), British novelist, poet and dramatist
Eden Rainbow-Cooper (born 2001), English wheelchair racer
Eden Riegel (born 1981), American actor
Eden Sher (born 1991), American television actor
Eden Taylor-Draper (born 1997), English actor
Family name
Notable people with the family name Eden:
Eden baronets, two English baronetcy families
William Eden, 1st Baron Auckland (1745–1814), British diplomat
Anthony Eden (1897–1977), British prime minister during the Suez crisis
Barbara Eden (born 1931), American actor
Bobbi Eden (born 1980), Dutch adult movie actor
Charles Eden (disambiguation)
Clarissa Eden (1920–2021), wife of Anthony Eden
David Eden, producer of professional bass guitar sound amplification equipment
Denis Eden (1878–1949), English painter
Eleanor Eden (died 1851), society beauty
Emily Eden (1797–1869), English poet and novelist
Frederick Eden (disambiguation)
George Eden, 1st Earl of Auckland (1784–1849), British politician
Harry Eden (born 1990), British actor
Harry Eden (rugby league) (1943–2006), Australian rugby league player
Jaap Eden (1873–1925), Dutch athlete
Jessie Eden (1902–1987), British trade union leader and activist
Joanna Eden, English jazz singer
Mark Eden (1928–2021), English actor
Michael Eden (born 1961), Australian rugby league player
Mike Eden (baseball) (born 1949), former major league baseball player for the San Francisco Giants
Philip Eden (1951–2018), British meteorologist
Robert John Eden, 3rd Baron Auckland (1799–1870), Bishop of Bath and Wells
Roger Edens (1905–1970), Hollywood composer and arranger
Simone Eden (born 1970), American model and actor
References
Surnames
Unisex given names
Modern names of Hebrew origin
Given names of Hebrew language origin
English unisex given names
English masculine given names
English feminine given names
The following is a list of international bilateral treaties between Australia and Bolivia
Early treaties were extended to Australia by the British Empire, however they are still generally in force.
As of 2017, only extradition treaties have been signed between the two countries.
References
Treaties of Australia
Treaties of Bolivia
Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Tasikmalaya (commonly known as Persitas Tasikmalaya) is an Indonesian football club based in Tasikmalaya Regency, West Java that competes in Liga 3. Their home base is Wiradadaha Stadium.
Honours
Liga 3 West Java
Third-place: 2019
References
External links
Football clubs in Indonesia
Football clubs in West Java
Association football clubs established in 1970
1970 establishments in Indonesia
The naval Battle of Texel or Battle of Kijkduin took place off the southern coast of island of Texel on 21 August 1673 (11 August O.S.) between the Dutch and the combined English and French fleets. It was the last major battle of the Third Anglo-Dutch War, which was itself part of the Franco-Dutch War (1672–1678), during which Louis XIV of France invaded the Republic and sought to establish control over the Spanish Netherlands. English involvement came about because of the Treaty of Dover, secretly concluded by Charles II of England, and which was highly unpopular with the English Parliament.
The overall commanders of the English and Dutch military forces were Lord High Admiral James, Duke of York, later James II, and Admiral-General William III of Orange, their son-in-law and another future King of England. Neither of them took part in the fight.
Prince Rupert of the Rhine commanded the Allied fleet of about 92 ships and 30 fireships, taking control of the centre himself, with Jean II d'Estrées commanding the van, and Sir Edward Spragge the rear division. The Dutch fleet of 75 ships and 30 fireships was commanded by Lieutenant-Admiral-General Michiel de Ruyter, with Lieutenant-Admirals Adriaen Banckert in charge of the van and Cornelis Tromp the rear. Although the Dutch ships were smaller on average than their opponents, their crews were better trained and more experienced.
Battle
In late July, Rupert put to sea again, hoping to draw the Dutch fleet north by feinting against The Hague or Den Helder. De Ruyter initially remained at Schooneveld, but William ordered them to escort an inbound Dutch East India Company treasure fleet, whose capture could provide Charles enough funds to continue the war.
De Ruyter first decided not to leave their defensive position in the Schooneveld, from which they had successfully engaged the allied fleet in the double Battle of Schooneveld. However the Dutch Spice Fleet was returning from the Indies, filled with precious cargo. With half the country under French occupation for almost a year, the Dutch Republic's finances were in disastrous straits. The Dutch could not afford to lose the wealth the Spice Fleet was bringing, let alone allow it to be captured by the enemy. As such stadtholder William ordered De Ruyter to seek to engage the enemy.
Although outnumbered, De Ruyter gained the weather gauge and sent their van under Adriaen Banckert in to separate the Allied van (under D'Estrées) from the main fleet. Their ploy was effective, and the French ships were unable to play a significant part in the remainder of the battle, which became a gruelling encounter between the bulk of the Dutch fleet and the English centre and rear divisions. Both suffered badly during hours of fierce fighting.
Once again, the rear divisions led by Spragge and Tromp clashed repeatedly, Spragge having publicly sworn to kill or capture their old enemy. Each had to shift their flags to fresh ships three times; on the third occasion, Spragge drowned when the boat transporting them sank. More importantly, their preoccupation with duelling Tromp isolated the English centre, and was a key factor in allowing an inferior but better managed fleet to succeed.
The fight between the English and Dutch centre under De Ruyter and Lieutenant-Admiral Aert Jansse van Nes continued for hours, with each side gaining the weather gauge as the winds shifted. Having disengaged from the French, Banckert joined the Dutch centre, followed first by Rupert, then De Ruyter; the main focus of the fight was a Dutch attempt to capture Spragge's isolated flagship, the Prince. This was unsuccessful, and with both fleets exhausted, the Allies withdrew; although there were no major ship losses, many were seriously damaged and about 3,000 men died, two-thirds of them English or French.
Aftermath
After the battle, Prince Rupert complained the French had not done their share of the fighting, and their performance is still disputed. While Prud'homme states the French fought hard, they accept they allowed themselves to become separated from the English fleet. The main dispute is whether this was deliberate; D'Estrées had been ordered by Louis XIV to preserve the French fleet, and thus disobeyed Rupert's orders to attack the Dutch, claiming the wind was too weak. By the admission of several French officers, their fleet was not prominent in the action, but they attributed this to inexperience.
The size of the Allied fleet and length of its battle line, combined with inadequacies in fighting instructions and signalling, made it hard to control. It deepened suspicions between the English and French, further undercutting popular support for the war, while ending any hopes of starving the Dutch through a naval blockade, making it an overwhelming strategic victory for the Dutch. This campaign was the highlight of De Ruyter's career, as acknowledged by the Duke of York, who concluded "he was the greatest that ever to that time was in the world".
Despite losing four ships, the Spice Fleet arrived safely, bringing the much-needed financial reprieve. In the months following, the Netherlands formed a formal alliance with Spain and the Holy Roman Empire. The threat posed by German and Spanish invasions from the south and east forced the French to withdraw from the territory of the Republic. The Third Anglo-Dutch War came to an end with the signing of the Treaty of Westminster between the English and the Dutch in 1674. Fourteen years later the Glorious Revolution, which saw Stadtholder William III ascend the throne of England, put an end to the Anglo-Dutch conflicts of the 17th century. Only in 1781 would the Dutch and British fleets fight each other again in the battle of Dogger Bank.
Ships involved
England and France
?
[cf "Journals and Narratives of the Third Dutch War", Roger Charles Anderson, Naval Records Society, London. Complete English ship lists are given for the naval battles of this war, but smaller vessels, e.g. fireships, of which there were many present during this action, are not included in Anderson's book.] John Winkler
White Squadron (French): 30 SOLs about 1828 guns
27 SOLs from the previous battle, plus 3 new ones:
Royale Therese 80 - RA Marquis de Martel
Pompeux 70
Diamant 60
The Netherlands
Admiralty of Amsterdam
Admiralty of de Maze
Admiralty of the Northern Quarter
Admiralty of Zealand
Admiralty of Frisia
References
Sources
Conflicts in 1673
1673 in the Dutch Republic
Military history of the North Sea
Naval battles of the Third Anglo-Dutch War
Battles in North Holland
Battle
Second growth may refer to:
Secondary forest
Deuxième cru, the second-highest classification under the Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855
Olukpınar, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kochlice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately north-east of Miłkowice, north of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Kochlice
Arthur McKee Rankin (1841-1914) was a Canadian born American stage actor and manager. They were the son of a member of the Canadian Parliament. After a dispute with their father they left home to become an actor. They made their stage debut in Rochester, New York in 1861 using the name George Henley. In 1863 they were seen at Wood's Theatre in Cincinnati in the play The Stranger as The Count. During this time they were engaged by Mrs. John Drew at their Arch Street Theatre in Philadelphia. Rankin, a Canadian, had no role or participation in the American Civil War. In 1866 they appeared at the Olympic Theatre in London run by Mrs. John Wood. Rankin increasingly became popular in the melodramas of the period and in 1867 was in a play called The Hunchback. In 1870 they appeared with Lydia Thompson in Mosquito and was a leading man from 1873-75 at the famous Union Square Theatre. Having married Elizabeth Blanchard better known as Kitty they acted together in the 1870s appearing in the smash hit play The Two Orphans in 1874.
Family
Rankin married actor Kitty Blanchard in 1869 and had two daughters, Gladys and Phyllis. Through an extra marital affair with Mabel Bert they fathered Doris Rankin in 1887. Their daughters' various marriages aligned them with other theatrical families. Gladys married Sidney Drew circa 1891. Phyllis was later the wife of Harry Davenport whose father and sister were E. L. Davenport and the famous Fanny Davenport. Doris Rankin married Lionel Barrymore in 1904. Both Sidney Drew and Lionel Barrymore descended from the famous Louisa Lane Drew of Philadelphia.
Death
Rankin's wife Kitty Blanchard died in a hotel in 1911. Its not clear whether they were divorced or separated. Rankin outlived their eldest daughter, Gladys, by 3 months dying in San Francisco on April 17, 1914.
Notable descendent
Rankin's great grandson was Arthur Rankin Jr. whose partnership with Jules Bass brought several Christmas holiday television classics from the Rankin-Bass company.
References
External links
McKee Rankin..Internet Broadway Database
Internet Movie Database
McKee Rankin(New York Public Library)
1841 births
1914 deaths
Burials at Kensico Cemetery
Canadian male stage actors
19th-century Canadian male actors
Irvinebank Dam (also known as Loudoun Weir) is a heritage-listed timber and concrete weir initially constructed around 1885 when a tin battery was built. The two creeks which form the basis of the dam at Irvinebank were known as Gibbs Creek and McDonald Creek, after the earliest prospectors. The battery was erected on the Gibbs Creek frontage, and the dam was constructed just below the junction of these two creeks and embraced an area, when full, of about 12 - of water, with depths varying from about down to about two or three feet. The original capacity was .
The dam was upgraded with concrete in 2006, retaining the original timbers in the facade. Following the discovery of a leak in 2017, work was carried out between December 2020 and August 2021 to repair the leak and replace six original logs in the facade with "like-for-like" new timber.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Australia
References
Reservoirs in Queensland
Buildings and structures in Far North Queensland
Dams in Queensland
1885 establishments in Australia
Dams completed in 1885
Sir Allen George Clark (August 24, 1898 – June 30, 1962) was an American-born British industrialist who helped to build the Plessey company into one of Europe's largest manufacturers of telecommunications equipment, military electronics and aircraft components.
Early life
Allen George Clark was born in Brookline, Massachusetts in 1898. Their father was Byron George Clark, an American business person who worked for United Shoe Machinery (USM). In 1905 Clark was brought to England by their parents. Following their education at Felsted School, Clark joined the British Army and was wounded at Cambrai in 1917. They later joined the Royal Flying Corps and served in Egypt. In 1927 they became a British citizen.
Career
Clark joined the Plessey company in 1921 when their father bought a share of the company. Plessey was a small engineering company based in Ilford, Essex. Throughout the 1920s and 30s, Clark along with the engineer William Oscar Heyne built Plessey into a large engineering company.
During World War II, Plessey made an outstanding contribution to the nation's war effort producing munitions, aircraft components and electronic equipment. Clark remained in charge of the company throughout these times.
After the war, Plessey continued to expand under the guidance of Clark. New products included industrial hydraulics, radar equipment, telecommunications equipment and semiconductors. In 1961 Plessey acquired the British Ericsson Telephones and AT&E companies, to become Britain's largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer.
Clark was awarded a knighthood in 1961.
Allen George Clark died from cancer in 1962. After their death, both of their sons, John Allen Clark and Michael William Clark, continued to play an important role in the management of Plessey.
References
People educated at Felsted School
British businesspeople in the armaments industry
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
People from Brookline, Massachusetts
Plessey
1898 births
1962 deaths
Knights Bachelor
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Deaths from cancer in England
British Army personnel of World War I
20th-century British businesspeople
The Endless Stair is a 1987 adventure module for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. Its associated code is CM8.
Synopsis
The Endless Stair is a Companion Set adventure that begins at an inn. The player characters hear a rumor that leads them to a wizard's tomb. A mysterious doorway opens in the rocks atop Glazar's Crag and the characters go to see what is on the other side.
The Great Mage Cheiromar is said to be buried under the Leaning Stone atop Galzar's Crag. One of their apprentices, Ulthorn, was discovered dead in an aperture of the Leaning Stone (a doorway that reportedly never existed before). The player characters must discover how Ulthorn died and the mystery of the Leaning Stone. In the process they may find the Endless Stair which seems to lead nowhere. Those who tried to climb it never lived to tell the tale.
Publication history
CM8 The Endless Stair was written by Ed Greenwood, and published by TSR in 1987 as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder. Jack Fred provided the page art.
Reception
James Wallis reviewed The Endless Stair for British magazine Adventurer #11 (June/July 1987). They commented, "It's nice to see that TSR can still churn them out. What we have here is a typical D&D Companion Set adventure. It starts (can you guess?) in an inn. Something Suspicious Happens and the party get a rumour. They follow up the rumour and find (gasp!) a Wizard's Tomb, complete with the Far Freaking Weird Powerful Magic Item, the Standard Non-Existent Page Reference and the standard TSR Glaring Inconsistency. The party follow up on a lead; they get here and, harassed by NPCs, finally get to the Endless Stair..." Wallis commented more seriously: "This adventure is competently written, apart from a couple of minor errors, and would doubtless make an enjoyable week-end's play. The trouble is that it lacks any kind of variety from standard D&D fare: it could be a first-level adventure except for the powerful NPCs, magic items and monsters. [...] It's a pity that with products of the quality of The Grand Duchy of Karameikos coming out for D&D, this is the best that can be done in the way of adventures."
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
References
External links
The Endless Stair entry from Pen-paper.net
The "CM" modules from The Acaeum
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Mystara
Patrick Lodoi Mutono (born 17 March 1960) is a politician and physician based in Eastern Uganda.  They are the founder of Lodoi Development Fund, which to date has built Kanginima Hospital (Pallisa), and orchestrated the construction of 400 clean water well sites in Eastern Uganda. As of 2013, they were a Member of Parliament for Butebo County.
References
Living people
1960 births
20th-century Ugandan physicians
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
National Resistance Movement politicians
21st-century Ugandan physicians
21st-century Ugandan politicians
Piñales is a barrio in the municipality of Añasco, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,875.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Piñales barrio was 1,038.
Piñales barrio became inaccessible when Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico on September 20, 2017 and caused landslides and destruction. Five months after the hurricane struck, engineers and officials were grappling with the massive amounts of repairs that were needed to PR-109 in Añasco and multiple other areas of this barrio and of Añasco, as a whole.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Piñales barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Añasco, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Añasco, Puerto Rico
The accident at St Bedes Junction was one of several serious accidents in 1915. It featured a double collision and fire fuelled by gas, characteristics shared by a much worse accident that year at Quintinshill. There were also similarities in that a signalman was unaware of the presence of a train near their signal box and rules were not observed. The accident is sometimes referred to as the Jarrow railway disaster as there was no station at Bede and Jarrow was then the nearest place of importance.
Accident Location
St. Bedes Junction lay opposite the up (westbound) platform at Bede Metro Station. When the Tyne and Wear Metro was created, it used the former up line through Jarrow and the new station site at Bede. The former down (eastbound) line was used for freight access to sidings and became known as the Jarrow branch. The Metro along this section was single track with passing loops. St. Bedes Junction thus became a point of divergence rather than a junction but the line to Tyne Dock Bottom was retained to serve the Simonside Wagon Works. The wagon works remained open as late as 1987 but has subsequently closed and the track lifted as far back as the siding serving Jarrow Shell (UK). The Metro may already have used the redundant track bed to extend its double track section. The junction coordinates are 54.9742°N, 1.4646°W.
Another point of divergence, once a junction, lies between Jarrow and Bede Metro stations and this serves Jarrow Shell (UK). It is easily mistaken for the site of St. Bedes Junction. Its coordinates are 54.9773°N, 1.4824°W. Jarrow and Bede Metro stations lie on what was the North Eastern Railway line between Newcastle upon Tyne and South Shields. Jarrow was rebuilt for Metro operation and Bede was a completely new station. Both have two platforms, those at Bede are staggered and placed either side of a rail over road bridge. The Jarrow branch passes to the north of the platforms at Jarrow and is not served by them. A similar arrangement existed at Bede until the branch was lifted.
In 1981, the Railway Magazine had a map showing the full extent of the planned Tyne and Wear Metro system. This map includes the planned track layout through Jarrow. In particular, you can see the separation of freight tracks from those of the Metro, the single-track sections and passing loops at stations. The branch to Tyne Dock Bottom is shown commencing at a new station, Bede, and a short branch near Jarrow serves Jarrow Shell (UK).
Further changes are due in the area as NEXUS, the operator of the Tyne and Wear Metro has launched Metro Flow, a project to reinstate dual tracking on the remaining sections of single line near Jarrow. This scheme will see dual use with both Metro and freight trains using the same tracks. The formation of the Jarrow branch will provide the track bed for the additional running line. This scheme has the potential to introduce additional junctions to the Metro.
The scene around St. Bedes Junction and Tyne Dock is much changed today with new roads and industrial buildings nearby. Sidings once connected to the railway have been removed as the land was repurposed. In 2022, it is still possible to make out parts of the now disused and overgrown branch near Bede station as it curves towards the dock. A disused rail over road bridge, once used for the Jarrow branch, remains in place just north of the bridge carrying the Metro tracks.
The Accident
From St. Bedes junction, a mineral line descended on a gradient of 1 in 100 to Tyne Dock Bottom. On 17 December 1915, in the early morning in fog, a goods train ran out onto the main line past St Bedes signal box having been banked in the rear up the incline by a six-coupled tank engine. The banking engine, uncoupled, dropped away from the goods train and came to a stand on the up main line, but was not seen by the signalman. Shortly afterwards, the signalman accepted the 07:05 passenger train from South Shields to Newcastle on the up line and the 06:58 empty stock train from Hebburn to South Shields which was travelling at about . The passenger train collided with the rear of the banking engine at , telescoping the two leading coaches. Almost immediately the empty stock train collided with the wreckage, killing the firefighter. A subsequent enquiry suggested that 18 people lost their lives instantaneously during the collision. The gas-lit passenger coaches were then consumed by fire. 81 people were injured.
Causes
The signalman's failure to notice that the goods train had been banked was the primary cause of the disaster. But also at fault was the driver of the banking engine who stood for 17 minutes before obeying Rule 55 and sending their firefighter back to the signal box, by which time it was too late to avert the accident. The continued use of gas-lighting also contributed to the severity of the accident and a circular was sent to all railway companies stressing the importance of replacing gas with electric lighting. It was some years before this was put into practice, however.
References
Sources
Citations
External links
Accident Returns: Extract for the Accident at St Bedes Junction
Railway accidents in 1915
Railway accidents involving fog
1915 in England
Rail transport in Tyne and Wear
History of Tyne and Wear
Accidents and incidents involving North Eastern Railway (UK)
Jarrow
Train and subway fires
1915 fires
Fires in England
1915 disasters in the United Kingdom
December 1915 events
Train collisions in England
Runaway train disasters
Railway accidents caused by signaller's error
20th century in Tyne and Wear
OmniFaces is an open source utility library for the JavaServer Faces 2 framework. It was developed using the JSF API, and its aim is to make JSF life easier by providing a set of artifacts meant to improve the functionality of the JSF framework. Omnifaces was created in response to seeing the same questions and the same example and utility code posted over and over again. It simply comes as an answer to day-by-day problems encountered during working with JSF (e.g. bug fixing, pitfalls, missing features, missing utilities, common questions, etc.). Many of these problems were collected from StackOverflow.
OmniFaces was developed by two members of the JSF Expert Group (JSF EG), Bauke Scholtz (aka BalusC) and Arjan Tijms.
OmniFaces can be used in both JSF implementations, Mojarra and Apache MyFaces, and is intended to work in cooperation with existing JSF libraries, like PrimeFaces, OpenFaces, ICEfaces, MyFaces Trinidad, etc.
History
The OmniFaces project started on 1 March 2012. The latest release is OmniFaces 3.0 (released on 3 January 2018).
Release history
See also
Other JSF libraries:
PrimeFaces
RichFaces
ICEfaces
OpenFaces
Apache MyFaces
* Tobago
* Tomahawk
Trinidad
ADF Faces
PrettyFaces
References
External links
OmniFaces ZEEF page
Jakarta Server Faces
Wolfville is a Canadian town in the Annapolis Valley, Kings County, Nova Scotia, located about northwest of the provincial capital, Halifax. The town is home to Acadia University and Landmark East School.
The town is a tourist destination due to its views of Cape Blomidon, the Bay of Fundy and Gaspereau Valley, as well as its wine industry. The downtown portion of Wolfville is home to pubs, bars, cafes and shops. Wolfville is also home to the Acadia Cinema Cooperative, a non-profit organization that runs the local movie/performance house. In the past few years, several Victorian houses in Wolfville have been converted to bed and breakfast establishments.
History
First Nations
From ancient times, the area of Wolfville was a hunting ground for First Nations peoples, including the Clovis, Laurentian, Bear River, and Shields Archaic groups. They were attracted by the salmon in the Gaspereau River and the agate stone at Cape Blomidon, with which they could make stone tools.
Many centuries before European contact, Mi'kmaq people, related to the Algonquin and Ojibwe peoples, migrated into Nova Scotia. The Mi'kmaq were seasonal hunters, using dogs and traveling on webbed snowshoes to hunt deer. They used the various semi-precious stones (including jasper, quartz, and even amethyst) from the Blomidon area to make arrowheads.
French rule
After an initial effort in 1604 by Pierre Dugua, Sieur de Mons and their cartographer Samuel de Champlain to establish a colony at Saint Croix Island, the colony was relocated to the Habitation at Port-Royal. The French and the Mi'kmaq quickly established a reciprocal trading relationship which continued to serve both peoples well until the mid eighteenth-century. The French found the area to be rich in furs and fine fertile land. Reports sent to France by individuals such as Samuel de Champlain, Marc Lescarbot and Nicolas Denys proclaimed the rich bounty to be found in the Annapolis Valley area.
French settlement efforts continued in fits and starts. By 1636 under Charles de Menou d'Aulnay, Port Royal was reestablished after Acadia/Nova Scotia was transferred from England to the French under the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye. The progeny of these settlers, as well as the second wave of settlers under Hector d'Andigné de Grandfontaine, would eventually become known as the Acadians. By the late 1690s their population numbered about 350.
French settlement in the Wolfville area began in about 1680, when Pierre Melanson established their family at Grand-Pré. The Acadians prospered as farmers by enclosing the estuarine salt marshes with dykes, and successfully converting the reclaimed lands into fertile fields for crops and pasturage. In 1710, however, Acadia was lost by the French crown after the English laid siege to Port Royal/Annapolis Royal. Under the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht, signed at the close of the War of the Spanish Succession, Acadia was ceded for the final time to the British.
For the next thirty-six years, until the establishment of Halifax in 1749, the British remained at Annapolis Royal and Canso. The French-speaking Catholic population grew over the intervening years to well over 10,000 and the Minas region (Wolfville and environs) quickly became the principal settlement. Acadia was a borderland region between two empires, and this caused a complex socio-political environment to develop for the Acadians. Both the British and the French coaxed and threatened the Acadians in attempts to secure their loyalty as is evidenced by the various oaths of allegiance each side attempted to extract from them. This complex situation led many Acadians to attempt to maintain a neutral path; while others openly supported either the French or the British. During the War of the Austrian Succession, the Acadians in the Wolfville area were implicated in the Battle of Grand Pré, during which a French Canadian military force, reinforced by Mi'kmaq and Acadians, defeated a British force.
With the onset of the Seven Years' War between Great Britain and France, the Acadians in the Wolfville area, along with all Acadians in peninsular Nova Scotia, suffered under the deportations that took place during the British Expulsion of the Acadians (see also the Bay of Fundy Campaign). Beginning in September 1755 and continuing into the fall, approximately 2,000 Acadians were deported from the area around Wolfville. The villages lying beyond Grand-Pré were burned by the British forces, and still more buildings were destroyed by both sides during the guerrilla war that took place until 1758.
British rule
Around 1760, the British government in Nova Scotia made several township plots of land available in the Annapolis Valley for colonization by English settlers. Horton Township was created in the Grand-Pré/Wolfville Area. Because of pressure on agricultural lands in New England, Anglophone farmers moved north in search of fertile land at a reasonable price. It is thought that between 1760 and 1789, more than 8,000 people known as New England Planters immigrated to the land around the Annapolis Valley. In 1763, there were 154 families living in the area of Horton Township.
The New England Planters set up a primarily agricultural economy, exporting cattle, potatoes, and grain, and later apples, as well as developing lumbering and shipbuilding. They settled and re-used the same dyke-lands as the Acadians had used before them, repairing and later expanding the agricultural dykes. They developed a major expansion in 1808, the three-mile-long Wickwire Dyke, which connected the Wolfville and Grand Pre dykes. This allowed the agricultural development of an additional 8,000 acres. The town site for Horton was initially surveyed in the Grand-Pré area at Horton Landing near the mouth of the Gaspereau River. However, the town developed around the sheltered harbour on the Cornwallis River at Wolfville, at first known as Mud Creek.
The first official record of a Baptist church in Canada was that of the Horton Baptist Church (now Wolfville), established on October 29, 1778. The church was established with the assistance of the New Light evangelist Henry Alline. The Baptist movement remained strong in the area. In 1838 Acadia University was founded as a Baptist college.
In 1830, the town of Mud Creek changed its name to Wolfville, in honour of Elisha DeWolf, the town's postmaster at the time. In the mid-19th century, Wolfville was renowned as the world's smallest port. The town became part of Canada with Confederation in 1867.
Canada
The Windsor and Annapolis Railway arrived in 1868, later becoming the Dominion Atlantic Railway. Wolfville became a seaport devoted principally to the export of apples from the orchards of the fertile Annapolis Valley. Wolfville Harbour was also a terminus of the MV Kipawo ferry, the last of a long succession of ferries that connected Wolfville, Kingsport and Parrsboro for 200 years. The harbour, which empties twice a day due to the high tides of the Bay of Fundy, was once described by Robert Ripley as the smallest in the world. On March 20, 1893, the Town was incorporated, with Dr. E. Perry Bowles elected as its first mayor.
In 1985, the town was declared a nuclear free zone. Wolfville was declared Canada's first fair trade town on April 17, 2007. In May 2016, Wolfville was designated as the third Cittaslow in Canada.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Wolfville had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
With Acadia University having a full time student population of 3,765, the population can fluctuate greatly with the school semesters.
Arts and culture
The Acadia University Art Gallery and The Festival Theatre are both located on Main Street, along with many bistros and boutiques. The town's history is presented at the Randall House Museum, operated by the Wolfville Historical Society. Each year, the Annapolis Valley Music Festival is held at Acadia Campus, where musicians from across the valley compete. Wolfville hosts two annual arts festivals, the Deep Roots Music Festival in September and Devour! The Food Film Fest in late October.
The Al Whittle Theatre operated by the Acadia Cinema Cooperative has for generations served as a nexus of culture and entertainment for the town's populace. Opened in 1911 and operating as an opera house until 1923 when it became a community theater and cinema, the theater underwent various changes in ownership until 1997 under the management of Acadia Cinems. With the retirement of its long-serving manager Al Whittle (1929-2021), the theater closed in 2000. In 2004, the theater was re-opened by the Acadia Cinema Cooperative Ltd. and named in honour of Al Whittle. The theater has continued to serve as a local gathering place and centre for the arts ever since, from hosting local theater productions to screening international independent films.
Wolfville has a farmers market located in the DeWolfe building, a former apple packing warehouse. In July 2022, the town will host the first ever Annapolis Valley Pride Festival.
The library is Wolfville Memorial Library.
Education
Acadia University
Landmark East School
Wolfville School
Horton High School
Notable people
Joseph Barss, privateer
Bob Chambers (1905-1996), political cartoonist
Alex Colville (1920–2013) WWII artist
Gilbert Lafayette Foster, 6th Canadian Surgeon General
William Hall (1827–1904), third Canadian to receive the Victoria Cross.
Arthur Chute McGill (1926–1980) theologian and philosopher
Eddy (M) Melanson was born in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, on July 25, 1938.
Mona Louise Parsons (1901–1976) member of the Dutch resistance, WW2
Parks
Canada Parks
Lumsden Pond Provincial Park
Reservoir Park
Rotary Park
See also
List of municipalities in Nova Scotia
References
External links
Town of Wolfville Municipal Web Site
Communities in Kings County, Nova Scotia
Towns in Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
1755 establishments in the French colonial empire
Sofia Minson (born 1984) is a contemporary New Zealand oil painter of Māori (Ngati Porou), Swedish, English and Irish descent.
Life and career
Sofia Minson was born in Auckland, New Zealand and spent their childhood living in Samoa, New Zealand, China and Sri Lanka due to their father's engineering project management work.
In 2005, Minson won first prize in two New Zealand art awards – the Molly Morpeth Canaday Art Award with their piece entitled "Saffron Monk" and the ART Auckland Award with their mythological Maori artwork "The Separation of Rangi and Papa". They graduated with a BDes degree in Spatial Design from Auckland University of Technology in 2006 and in 2010 Minson won the ART Auckland Awards for a second time. They have been a three-time finalist in the Adam Portraiture Award, in 2008 with their mystical landscape/portrait painting "From Hikurangi to Hibernia", in 2010 with their surreal self-portrait "Effulgent Self" and in 2012 with their 2-metre-wide black and white portrait "The Other Sister". In September 2010 Sofia judged the North Shore City Art Awards alongside art advisor, curator and author Liz Caughey and sculptor Jeff Thompson.
They have exhibited extensively throughout New Zealand from 2004 onwards and in 2006 was invited to show their works at the museum at Estense Castle, Ferrara, Italy and in Chelsea, New York. Minson's first solo exhibition entitled "Te Here Tangata – The Rope of Mankind" was held in Auckland in October 2007 and featured 14 large-scale portraits and landscapes referencing their mixed heritage and Maori myths. The artist has subsequently had solo exhibitions at the Gallery Helena Bay Hill in Northland, Erenus Art Gallery in Ankara, Turkey, Toi o Tahuna Gallery in Queenstown, McCarthy Gallery in Auckland, Red Spot Gallery in Rotorua and Parnell Gallery in Auckland.
Contemporary Maori oil portraits
Embarking on a Contemporary Maori Oil Portrait series in 2011, Minson has since painted prominent figures in Maori culture such as activist Tame Iti, musicians Tiki Taane and Stan Walker, Ta Moko artist Turumakina Duley and social anthropologist Dame Joan Metge. The portrait of Metge was commissioned by the New Zealand Portrait Gallery for the Makers of Modern New Zealand 1930–1990 exhibition and is now part of their permanent collection.
Minson and five other New Zealand artists were chosen for a collaborative arts project that was filmed for a 1-hour documentary called Canvassing the Treaty, which aired on Maori TV on Waitangi Day 2010 and at the international film festival in 2011.
Selected exhibitions
2012 Solo exhibition at the Gallery Helena Bay Hill, Northland, NZ
2011 "The Makers of Modern NZ" Exhibition at New Zealand Portrait Gallery, Wellington, NZ
2011 Solo exhibition at Red Spot Gallery, Rotorua, NZ
2011 Joint Show with Aaron Kereopa at Toi o Tahuna Gallery, Queenstown, NZ
2011 Joint Show "Connecting Threads" with Matt Gauldie at Parnell Gallery, Auckland, NZ
2010 Solo exhibition at Toi o Tahuna Gallery, Queenstown, NZ
2010 Adam Portraiture Awards national touring exhibition of finalists, NZ
2010 "What it is to be Kiwi" group show at Harrisons Gallery, Tauranga, NZ
2009 Solo exhibition at McCarthy Gallery, Auckland, NZ
2009 “Shave An Artist” charity art auction and artist head shaving event, Auckland, NZ
2009 Solo exhibition at the Gallery Helena Bay Hill, Northland, NZ
2008 Solo exhibition “Beyond Wrongdoing and Rightdoing” at Toi o Tahuna Gallery, Queenstown, NZ
2008 Solo exhibition at Erenus Art Gallery, Ankara, Turkey
2008 Solo exhibition at the Gallery Helena Bay Hill, Northland, NZ
2008 International group show, The Dolmabahce Palace Museum, Istanbul
2007 Australian and New Zealand Art Exhibition at Agora Gallery, New York City
2007 Solo exhibition “The Rope of Mankind” at Aveia Gallery, Auckland, NZ
2007 “Meridian Energy Plunket Art Show 2007″, Aigantighe Art Gallery, Timaru, NZ
2006 “Magic” international group exhibition at Estense Castle in Ferrara, Italy
2005 “Different Places Different Faces”, three artist show, Lake House Gallery, Akl, NZ
2005 Molly Morpeth Canaday Art Awards, Whakatane, NZ
2004 Ronald McDonald House Charity Silent Auction, NZ
Awards
2012 Finalist, Adam Portraiture Awards, Wellington, NZ
2010 1st Prize, ART Auckland Awards, Auckland East Arts Council, NZ
2010 Finalist, Adam Portraiture Awards, Wellington, NZ
2008 Finalist, Adam Portraiture Awards, Wellington, NZ
2007 Diploma of Excellence, Artoteque's online global art annual
2005 1st Prize, Auckland East Arts Council Art Competition, NZ
2005 1st Prize, Molly Morpeth Canaday Art Awards, Whakatane, NZ
2004 Merit Award, Auckland East Arts Council Art Competition, NZ
Notes
External links
Official site.
1984 births
Living people
Auckland University of Technology alumni
New Zealand painters
Modern painters
New Zealand women painters
20th-century New Zealand women artists
Arcola is a heritage-listed former residence and now bed and breakfast at 150 Victoria Street, Grafton, Clarence Valley Council, New South Wales, Australia. It was built in 1907. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
History
Early survey and layout of Grafton
Governor Darling directed all Government surveyors to classify towns into 4 types; Sydney, seaports, towns at the head of navigable waters and inland towns. Grafton fitted type 3, and was laid out between 1847-9 by William Wedge Drake in 200 m square blocks on a N/W/S/E grid, over the existing settlement based on a private entrepreneurial establishment. Land grants accelerated from 1857 onwards. The early survey accounts for characteristics that influence the development and urban consolidation of Grafton today, including block size, deep allotments, wide streets and large verges allowing for substantial tree planting, grid layout, with street corners that intersect with the counter curved river banks. Arcola is a rare record of an original subdivision, the site on a typical river junction corner having no dominant street frontage but with the house addressing three frontages.
Arcola's development
Robert Roland Smith a wealthy grazier who owned considerable property in the Coaldale and Glenagle district, builder and architect to design it and H. F. Sault to build it, in 1907. Local press described it as one of the best and most imposing private residences in Grafton. Smith was a prominent citizen, busy in local organisations including the Clarence Pastoral & Agricultural Club and Jockey Club, a noted horseman and founding member of Grafton's Lancers. Their wife's family were early settlers. Their daughter, Violet, lived there from 1918.
In 1918, a number of interior fittings were removed from the property. Sewerage was installed , accessing the house from the north-east corner; also by then the rear north-east corner addition of toilet and cupboard was built. The cupboard section of the additions appears to be infill of the eastern end of the verandah. A portion of the yard rear to the stables was also fenced at this time. The house remained in the Smith family until bought by Mrs Wilkins in 1989.
In 1989-90, new wiring and plumbing was installed and the roof was repainted under the new owners, the Wilkins. In 1991, underpinning was installed to the existing footings to prevent subsidence. Mrs Wilkins was a foundation member of the Clarence Naturalists Club and created a magnificent garden. 1992, the outside toilet, the cactus plant which had covered most of it, and an adjacent tamarillo tree (Cyphomandra betacea) were all removed. A mandarin tree was severely pruned, a persimmon tree (Diospyros kaki) (mature) cut down, and a large 18-20m tall Bangalow palm (Archontophoenix cunninghamiana) had lost most of its healthy condition/at risk. The house exterior and some of the interior was painted in a non-approved/non-heritage colour scheme, timber Venetian blinds were removed from the front verandah, and a timber slat greenhouse/fern house which adjourned the rear verandah was removed. The contents of stables including chaff bins (very old, pine timber approx. 1.5m x 1m lined with a thin sheet of steel/tin, with the stamp of the Pitt Street, Sydney manufacturer on it) had been removed from the stables.
The Wilkins sold Arcola to Mr J. Arthur & Ms L. Bevege in 1997, who sold it to Mr & Mrs Coutts-Smith in 1999, who sold it to Ms R. Graves in 2002. Between 1995 and 2002, room 9 (the former maid's room) was altered to become a bathroom, with a new door opening made into it from room 5 (bedroom). The original external maid's room door (from rear verandah) was fitted to the new internal door space in 2002. The opening to the rear verandah was closed off using a door (fixed in position) that had been stored in the roof of the stables. Timber frame & sheet clad wall constructed inside external door. Bathroom fittings were rearranged and renewed. During this time, the external timber stairs to rear verandah were reconstructed with new stringer and timber square handrail (none existed before). In 2002, the roof sheeting and gutters were repaired, some downpipes replaced, copies of original gutters and finial ornaments (based on photos of originals) installed.
In summary
House built 1907, designed by architects/builders Strauss brothers and built by HF Sault for original owner Robert Roland Smith.
1918 onwards, RR Smith's daughter Violet McLachlan, lived in the house, they being a foundation member of the Clarence Naturalist's Club, and creating a renowned garden.
Date unknown: Alice Street & Victoria Street closed to traffic by construction of a flood levee to Clarence River, beside Arcola.
1989: Mr J. & Mrs M. Wilkins bought the property. Roof repainted, house rewired and plumbed (pers.comm., 1/1996)
1997: The Wilkins sold Arcola to Mr J. Arthur & Ms L. Bevege,
1999: the property was sold to Mr & Mrs Coutts-Smith
2002: the property was sold to Ms R. Graves.
Description
Arcola is a 1907 single storey Queen Anne revival style house, with a garden including mango trees (Mangifera indica) and stables to rear, in a streetscape setting with wide grassy verges, trees and views over the Clarence River. The front fence to Victoria Street/Clarence River and part of side fence to Alice Street is picket, side fences (remainder) are corrugated iron.
The house is rendered brick with hipped iron roof, decorative corner gables and impressive central gabled entrance portico. A bull-nosed verandah is supported on turned timber posts with cast iron valances and original timber venetian blinds. The front door has etched glass panels and sidelights; the windows are double hung with stained and etched glass. Internal details are almost all original: etched glass, doorknobs, fireplaces and surrounds, doorbell, rails and dados, pressed metal ceilings, light fittings etc. The room layout is reasonably sophisticated, intended to divide the maid from the family by means of a segmented hallway. In spite of a somewhat narrow verandah the building successfully modifies the climate with ventilated eaves, external venetian blinds and an elevated floor.
Garden layout is generally original with some original plantings, Goodlett & Smith paving bricks and salt glazed edging tiles. Original timber picket fence to front. Mature trees on front corners of garden include a rosewood tree, and jacaranda (Jacaranda mimosifolia), and elsewhere mangoes (Mangifera indica), frangipani (Plumeria sp.) and a Bangalow palm (Archontophoenix cunninghamiana) tree.
There are brick stables to the rear of the house.
Significant elements include:
house and internal layout plan;
external and internal decorative elements and materials;
design and position of front and side fencing;
large, formal garden, major trees including mango trees (Mangifera indica) and their relationship to the house and stables;
original stables outbuilding and inground well;
streetscape setting of wide grassy verges, magnificent c.1880 street trees, complementary timber residences facing and views over the Clarence River.
Condition
A May 1999 pre-purchase inspection report raised a number of minor issues about the condition of the property. In July 1999 cracking of brick walls in the stables was noted due to drainage/groundwater collection, with repairs subsequently undertaken. In 2005, significant cracking was reported in both structural and non-structural components of the original section of the house in various locations.
Heritage listing
Arcola has historic significance:
at regional level as an excellent example of the type of residence with large garden and outbuildings built by the prosperous middle class in Grafton in 1907. The house and garden have a high degree of integrity and a well documented record of the interiors, fittings and furniture dating from 1918;
at state level due to the setting overlooking the Clarence River, the streetscape with magnificent street trees planted c.1880s, and the house, outbuildings and garden of Arcola provide an outstanding record, which is largely untouched, of the pioneering city of Grafton in its heyday. It is a rare record of an original subdivision dating from the early colonial military town planning design for Grafton laid out by Surveyor on principles established by Governor Ralph Darling (1825-31) for all new towns in the colony;
as an excellent example of wealthy middle class domestic living in Grafton in the early part of the 20th century;
at local level for its association with the Strauss brothers and Sault the builders and designers of the house, who conducted business in Grafton from the late 1870s to the late 1930s;
at local level for its association with Mrs Violet McLachlan who lived in the house from 1918-1989, during which time the early interior decoration and furnishings at 1918 remained intact. The photographic record and remnant samples of the fittings provide a rare record of a fully documented 1918 interior.
Arcola has social significance as it is held in high esteem by the Grafton community as a fine example of a federation house in a garden setting positioned in a pleasant street on the Clarence River;
Arcola has aesthetic significance:
at a regional level as a beautiful example of Queen Anne revival style house, garden and outbuildings in tropical Australia;
at a state level as the only known example of a property in Grafton which has a combination of Queen Anne revival style with strong Queensland Federation influence displayed in both the architectural and landscape design;
as an excellent example and a complete record of the principles and philosophy associated with Queen Anne revival architecture and formal garden design in tropical rural Australia;
Arcola has scientific significance as:
it provides an excellent example and a complete record of the principles and philosophy associated with Queen Anne revival architecture (in exterior and interior details, building techniques, craftsmanship and materials especially timber cut from very old first growth trees in the Clarence area) and formal garden design (laid out along the formal geometric lines made famous by André Le Nôtre and promoted by Australian architect W. R. Butler and others including garden designer Michael Guilfoyle, Charles Bogue Luffman and English garden designer William Robinson) in tropical rural Australia.
Significant elements include:
house and internal layout plan;
external and internal decorative elements and materials;
design and position of front and side fencing;
large, formal garden, major trees including mango trees (Mangifera indica) and their relationship to the house and stables;
original stables outbuilding and inground well;
streetscape setting of wide grassy verges, magnificent c.1880 street trees, complementary timber residences facing and views over the Clarence River.
Arcola is also significant for its contribution to a group of spacious timber buildings in Victoria Street (the Grafton Conservation Area) recognised by the National Trust of Australia (NSW) as significant.
Arcola was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
See also
References
Bibliography
Attribution
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Grafton, New South Wales
Bed and breakfasts
Houses in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
A missionary bishop is one assigned in the Anglican Communion to an area that is not already organized under a bishop of a church. The term was also used in the Methodist churches at one time, but this was discontinued in 1964.
Anglican churches
In the Episcopal Church, the House of Bishops may, according to canon law, establish a mission in a geographic area that is not already governed by a diocesan bishop or by a church in communion with the Episcopal Church and appoint a missionary bishop to give oversight to that area. The mission may be a joint one with another church. Historically the title of missionary bishop was often associated with Episcopal Church mission activities in new geographic regions, both domestically and overseas such as in the work of the Protestant Episcopal Church Mission in China in the 19th Century.
While missionary bishops usually are assigned to areas within the jurisdiction of the national church, more recently some Anglican provinces have assigned non-geographic missionary bishops within other province's borders to minister to like-minded Anglicans those who are theologically opposed to the bishops under whose geographic jurisdiction they fall. The Church of the Province of Rwanda (as the Anglican Mission in America) and the Church of Nigeria (as CANA, the Convocation of Anglicans in North America) have assigned missionary bishops to the Episcopal Church primarily over the issues of homosexuality, which the African churches oppose.
Methodist churches
A missionary bishop was a category of bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, The Methodist Church, and the Free Methodist Church, in use from the late 1800s until 1964.
In the Methodist Episcopal Church a missionary bishop was elected for a specified foreign mission field of the church, with full episcopal powers, but with jurisdiction limited to the field for which they were elected. A missionary bishop was not a general superintendent of the church in the same way as a bishop, but neither was they subordinate to the general superintendents (bishops). Rather, missionary bishops collaborated with the bishops in authority in the field to which each was appointed. A missionary bishop was responsible for their conduct to the General Conference, as were bishops. Missionary bishops received their support from the Board of Foreign Missions, rather than from the Annual Conferences (as did the bishops). Missionary bishops were ex officio members of the General Missionary Committee of the church. This use was carried over into The Methodist Church (USA).
References
The Doctrines and Discipline of the Methodist Episcopal Church, 1908. New York, Easton & Mains, 1908.
Leete, Frederick DeLand, Methodist Bishops. Nashville, The Methodist Publishing House, 1948.
Constitution & Canons of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, 2006, New York: Church Publishing Company, 2006.
Notes
Bishops
Bishops
Bishops by type
Alhagi graecorum is a species of legume commonly known as mannatree or manna tree. Previously it was considered a subspecies of Alhagi maurorum. Drought-tolerant, it is found in the eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East.
Hedysareae
Flora of Asia
Lagrelius Point () is a low, ice-free point on the northwest side of James Ross Island, Antarctica, south of Carlson Island. It was discovered and first surveyed in 1903 by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskiöld. They named it Cape Lagrelius after Axel Lagrelius of Stockholm, who had contributed toward the cost of the expedition. It was resurveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1952; "point" is now considered a more suitable descriptive term for this feature than "cape".
References
Headlands of James Ross Island
Salamandra is a Czech speed metal band formed in 1998 in Ostrava. Originally formed by guitarist Pavel Slíva.
History
Pavel Slíva formed their band in October 1998 when they prepared a first album called Twilight Of Legends, with Dalibor "Panther" Halamíček on vocals, Karel Řepecký on guitars, Marek Lankočí on keyboards, Aleš Klimša on bass and automatic drummer was recorded the debut CD in Citron studio. After its release came Dan "Baalberith" Jureček on drums and Jaroslav Dufek on bass in place of Aleš Klimša. Then there was Salamandra request by Helloween fanclub to contribute to a tribute CD of this legend. The band recorded the song "Judas." The next album, Skarremar, was released in 2000, featuring references to the Middle Ages, ancient heroes, kings and queens. After many tours until 2004, Salamandra came with new melodic speed album Great Moravian Elegies. In 2005, was created new line-up with Ivan Borovský on vocals and Jaroslav "Pišta" Sedláček on bass. This band recorded the album Faces Of Chimera in 2007.
Band members
Current members
Ivan Borovský - lead vocals (2004–2013),(2014-present)
Pavel Slíva - guitars (1998–present)
Václav Moch - guitars (2011–present)
Jaroslav "Pišta" Sedláček - bass (2005–present)
Hanka Šlachtová - keyboards, vocals (2002–present)
Dan "Baalberith" Jureček - drums (1998–present)
Former members
Jan Bernátek - lead vocals (2013–2014)
Dalibor "Panther" Halamíček - lead vocals (1998–2004)
Marek Lankočí - keyboards (1998–2001)
Lukáš Homolka - keyboards (2001–2002)
Aleš Klimša - bass (1998)
Jaromir Dufek - bass (1998–2005)
Karel Řepecký - guitars (1998–2011)
Discography
Twilight of Legends (1998)
Skarremar (2000)
Great Moravian Elegies (2004)
Faces of Chimera (2007)
Time to Change (2010)
Imperatus (2014)
External links
Salamandra's official website
Speed metal musical groups
Czech heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1998
Filter 57 is a Slovenian brand of cigarettes, owned and manufactured by "Tobačna Ljubljana, a division of Imperial Tobacco. In the Islamic Republic of Iran, the cigarettes are known as "57" and are manufactured by the Iranian Tobacco Company.
History
The brand was created in 1957 in the Socialist Republic of Slovenia and also became the first filtered cigarette in Yugoslavia. The difference from other brands at the time, such as Drina, Jadran, Drava and so on, was that these cigarettes were packed upside down, which made them a really popular smoke amongst the Slovenian working class. The reason for this, was that during work time, the hands of these workers were often dirty, and thus when they would grab a cigarette by the filter, it would get dirty too. However, if the filter laid at the bottom, the paper would get dirty when grabbed, but that wouldn't a problem because it would get burned up anyway, allowing the worker to place the filter in the mouth cleanly.
In fact, this is an urban myth. According to the Museum of Contemporary History of Slovenia, a technical error was the true reason why "57" cigarettes were packed upside down.
This brand got an almost cult-like following in socialist Slovenia. After the breakup of Yugoslavia, the cigarette is still largely popular in modern-day Slovenia, but the manufacturing operations of the "Tobačna Ljubljana were ended. The brand had a 57% market share in the Yugoslavian cigarette market and represented almost 80% of the total production in 1962.
Packaging
The pack features primarily green and white colours, along with a dragon-like feature. Folk imagination provided an interesting interpretation of the visual image of the Filter 57 box, which says that in the contours of the dragon's head we can recognize a cup of coffee and in its hull an outline of Slovenia. The dragon-shaped arrow in the form of an arrow points to number 57, which means that the whole of Slovenia at the tea bath 57. The opening verse of Prešeren's Waterfall appeared later on the edge of the box. Filter 57 was considered to be a product of Ljubljana with the symbols of Ljubljana.
See also
Tobacco smoking
Drina (cigarette)
Elita (cigarette)
Jadran (cigarette)
Laika (cigarette)
Lovćen (cigarette)
Morava (cigarette)
Partner (cigarette)
Smart (cigarette)
Time (cigarette)
Sobranie
Jin Ling
LD (cigarette)
Walter Wolf (cigarette)
References
Imperial Brands brands
William II may refer to:
William II, Duke of Aquitaine (died 926)
William II, Marquess of Montferrat (died c. 961)
William II Sánchez of Gascony (died c. 996)
William II, Count of Provence (c. 987–1019)
William II, Count of Besalú (died 1066)
William II of Normandy (c. 1028–1087), William I of England
William II of England (c. 1056 –1100), commonly referred to as William Rufus
William II, Count of Burgundy (1061–1125)
William II Jordan (died 1109), Count of Berga, Count of Cerdanya and Regent of Tripoli
William II, Duke of Apulia (1095–1127), Duke of Apulia and Calabria
William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey (died 1138)
William II, Count of Nevers (1098–1147)
William II of Bures (died 1158), Crusader lord of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, Prince of Galilee
William II of Sicily (1155–1189)
William II, Lord of Béthune (died 1214), nicknamed William the Red
William II, Count of Perche (died 1226), Bishop of Châlons
William II of Dampierre (1196–1231)
William II Longespee (c. 1204–m
William de Wickwane (died 1285), Archbishop of York (1279–1285)
William II, Lord of Egmond (died 1304)
William II de Soules (died c. 1320), Lord of Liddesdale and Butler of Scotland
William II, Earl of Ross (ruled 1274–1323)
William II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1300s–1369)
William II, Count of Hainaut (1307–1345), Count of Holland and Count of Zeeland
William II, Duke of Athens (1312–1338)
William II, Duke of Jülich (1327–1393)
William II, Marquis of Namur (1355–1418)
William II, Margrave of Meissen (1371–1425)
William II, Duke of Bavaria (ruled 1404–1417)
William II d'Estouteville (1412–1483), French bishop and cardinal
William II, Princely count of Henneberg-Schleusingen (1415–1444)
William II, Duke of Brunswick-Calenberg-Göttingen or William the Younger (1425–1503), Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg
William II, Landgrave of Hesse (1469–1509)
William II de La Marck (1542–1578), Dutch Lord of Lumey and admiral of the Watergeuzen
William II, Prince of Orange (1626–1650), stadtholder of the United Provinces of the Netherlands
William II of Scotland (1650–1702), William III of England
William II, Prince of Nassau-Dillenburg (1670–1724)
William II, Landgrave of Hesse-Wanfried-Rheinfels (1671–1731)
William II of the Netherlands (1792–1849), Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Duke of Limburg
William II of Bimbia (died 1882), known as Young King William
William II of Württemberg (1848–1921)
William II, German Emperor (1859–1941)
See also
Wilhelm II (disambiguation)
Willem II (disambiguation)
eo:Vilhelmo (regantoj)#Vilhelmo la 2-a
Andrew Bodnar is an English bass player who grew up in Clapham, South London. They and drummer Steve Goulding (The Rumour, The Mekons, etc) met and began playing together as a rhythm section while still at school. They spent their teenage years auditioning and busking whenever they could, and were gigging around London with a cajun-influenced band called Bontemps Roulez just prior to forming The Rumour in 1975. Bodnar is probably best known for their membership with Graham Parker and The Rumour (1975-1980), for playing the distinctive reggae-flavored bassline on "Watching the Detectives" by Elvis Costello, and for bass playing and co-writing (with Steve Goulding and Nick Lowe) "I Love the Sound of Breaking Glass" by Nick Lowe.
Bodnar went on to become the Thompson Twins touring bassist, promoting their hit album 'Quick Step & Side Kick' during 1982-83 and since played live, or on recording sessions for many artists, including Angie Bowie, The Pretenders, and Tina Turner. They also played bass for Graham Parker on their various solo albums from 1988 through the mid-1990s. Graham Parker and The Rumour reunited in 2011 to record two new albums, and they toured the UK, US and Europe through to late 2015.
Bodnar played themselves in the Judd Apatow film, This Is 40, released in December 2012. They live in rural North Yorkshire where they continue to write and record as The Punch House Family.
Partial discography
Graham Parker and the Rumour
Howlin' Wind (1976)
Heat Treatment (1976)
Stick to Me (1977)
The Parkerilla (1978)
Squeezing Out Sparks (1979)
The Up Escalator (1980)
Three Chords Good (2012)
Mystery Glue (2015)
The Rumour
Max (1977)
Frog Sprouts Clogs And Krauts (1978)
Purity Of Essence (1980)
Graham Parker
The Mona Lisa's Sister (1988)
Human Soul (1989)
Struck By Lightning (1991)
Burning Questions (1992)
Acid Bubblegum (1996)
Other artists
Renowned - Gay & Terry Woods (1976)
"Watching the Detectives" - Elvis Costello (single, 1977)
Carlene Carter - Carlene Carter (1978)
Jesus of Cool - Nick Lowe (1978) (he co-wrote "I Love the Sound of Breaking Glass")
Black & Dekker - Desmond Dekker (1980)
Escape Artist - Garland Jeffreys (1981)
Rock 'n' Roll Adult - Garland Jeffreys (1981)
Learning to Crawl - the Pretenders (1984)
The Rose of England - Nick Lowe (1985)
The Blue Hour - Raise the Dragon (1985)
The Sing Market - The Sing Market (1986)
References
Living people
English bass guitarists
English male guitarists
Male bass guitarists
The Rumour members
1954 births
People from Clapham
The Fond Playing Field is a football venue in Sauteurs, Saint Patrick Parish, Grenada. Redevelopment, which included increasing spectator seating capacity to 1,000; adding flood lighting; and resurfacing the playing field, was begun in 2013 and completed in 2016 with $1.6 million Euros provided through the FIFA Goal Project. The property is owned by the government of Grenada and leased to the Grenada Football Association. The ground is home to all GFA Premier Division clubs from the parish.
References
Football venues in Grenada
Brézina (or Brezina, Arabic: بريزينة) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria. It is the district seat of Brézina District and has a population of 8.536, which gives it 7 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 32170 and its municipal code is 3204.
History
During French colonial years, it was called Brézina-El-Abiod and was united with nearby El Abiod Sidi Cheikh and had the postal code 94105. After the Algerian Civil War, on February 28 an armed group massacred 20 families, shepherds and their families. On the next day, it is reported that five more people were killed than the previous estimate. As a result of the massacre, 35 terrorists were killed in El Bayadh Province and Ghardaïa Province by the Algerian Army.
References
External links
Brézina on Google Maps
Communes of El Bayadh Province
Pull is the fourth and final studio album by American pop rock band Mr. Mister, and the only album not to feature founding guitarist Steve Farris, who had departed the band in 1988. It was recorded from 1989 to 1990, but the record company refrained from releasing this more introspective album. Due to the band's being left without a record company and a subsequent breakup, the album was left without an official release until 2010, when it was remixed and released by Richard Page's own Little Dume Recordings label.
The album was made available as a physical CD plus digital download.
No singles were released from this album, although one track ("We Belong to No One") was offered as a free download from the Little Dume website while the album was being prepped for release. Also, "Waiting in My Dreams" was first featured on the band's The Best of Mr. Mister album.
Background
After the band's 1987 album Go On... did not fare as well commercially as its predecessor Welcome to the Real World, the band returned to the studio in the fall of 1988 to record their fourth studio album, which became Pull. The band decided to record material that had "more air and acoustic" within them, essentially opting for a more organic approach. Producer Paul DeVilliers pushed the band to experiment with more piano, organ and real percussion. However, when the album was presented to RCA, which had just been taken over by BMG Ariola, the company responded "we don't know what to do with this". The label felt the album's material was too experimental, and therefore not commercial. This resulted in the label refusing to release the album, which still needed to undertake final mixing. The band did approach other labels with the record, but with no success they soon disbanded.
Before the album's official 2010 release, Pull was leaked unofficially, resulting in various bootleg copies of the album appearing on the Internet. These featured various fan-made album covers. After years of trying to release the album, Page was helped by Jeremy Holiday in getting the album released independently. Page wanted to make the album available to fans, who had been "hounding me about this album for years". Speaking to Mike Duquette in 2010, Page added: "The bootleg copies just don't cut it, and people have made up their own titles, so it's finally good to just set the record straight, to say, "here's how we wanted it to sound," and remaster it with Bob Ludwig."
In 2020, Mr. Mister released an "Expanded Edition" of Pull containing three additional tracks: "Wheel of Life", "Slip Through My Fingers", and "Faith Unbroken". These three tracks were initially recorded during the Pull sessions but not completed. During 2018 and 2019, the band members completed the songs for inclusion on the expanded edition of Pull, enlisting session guitarist Tim Pierce to record additional guitar overdubs.
Track listing
Personnel
Mr. Mister
Richard Page – vocals, guitar, bass guitar
Steve George – vocals, keyboards, soprano saxophone
Pat Mastelotto – drums, percussion
Additional Musicians
Trevor Rabin – guitar (1, 5, 6, 11), additional bass (1, 5, 11)
Buzz Feiten – guitar (1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 11)
Doug Macaskill – guitar (3, 11)
Pete McRae – guitar (9, 10)
Tim Pierce – guitar (12, 13, 14)
Luis Conte – additional percussion (2, 5, 8, 11, 13)
Production
Mr. Mister – producer, mixing
Paul De Villiers – producer, engineer, mixing
Kevin Killen – mixing (1-5, 8, 10)
Lois Allen – assistant engineer
Wayne O'Brian – assistant engineer
Bob Ludwig – mastering
Larry Vigon – art direction, design, illustration
Leanne Nicholas – design
Catanzaro and Mahdessian – photography
George Ghiz – manager
Studios
Recorded at Sunset Sound, The Sound Factory and Ocean Way Recording (Hollywood, CA); Record One, Soundcastle and Southcombe Studios (Los Angeles, CA); American Recorders (Calabasas, CA); Enterprise Studios (Burbank, CA).
Mixed at Ocean Way Recording and Sunset Sound.
Mastered at Gateway Mastering (Portland, ME).
References
External links
Little Dume Recordings
Official 'Pull' Release Site
Richard Page's Music
Mr. Mister albums
2010 albums
is a Japanese boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1966 births
Living people
Japanese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Japan
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
Lanting may refer to:
Frans Lanting a Dutch wildlife photographer, born in 1951
Lanting, a surname of Dutch origin, patronymic from an old personal name, Latin Lanterus, of uncertain origin, perhaps Landher (see Lanthier (disambiguation)).
The Orchid Pavilion (Lanting), scene of the Orchid Pavilion Gathering event, in 353
Boris Alberto Cabrera (born December 16, 1980 in Inglewood, California), is an American former actor. Cabrera is primarily known as originating the role of Marco in the live-adaptation television series of the long-running book series Animorphs. They left the entertainment industry in the early 2000s and became a personal fitness trainer. They also attended Morningside High School in Inglewood, California.
Filmography
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Male actors from Inglewood, California
Morningside High School alumni
American male television actors
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
A groom (short for bridegroom) is a male participant in a wedding ceremony.
Groom or Grooming may also refer to:
Occupations
Groom (profession), a person responsible for the feeding and care of horses
One of the competitors in combined driving is called a groom
In the English/British Royal Household
Groom of the Bedchamber, later named Groom in Waiting, a junior nobleman in attendance in the King's Bedchamber
Groom of the Chamber, a rank of courtier in the Tudor royal court
Groom of the Great Chamber, a junior nobleman in attendance (who would customarily also serve as King's Messenger)
Groom of the Privy Chamber, a junior nobleman in attendance in the Chamber
Groom of the Robes
Groom of the Stool, later named Groom of the Stole, the senior nobleman in attendance in the King's Bedchamber
Places
Groom, Texas, a town in Carson County, Texas, United States, location of the second largest cross in the western hemisphere
Division of Groom, a Commonwealth Electoral Division in Queensland, Australia
Groom Lake (salt flat), a geographic feature of the United States Military Area 51
Groom Range, a mountain range in Nevada, United States
People
Groom (surname), a surname (including a list of people with the name)
Film
The Groom, a 2016 Russian comedy film
Groomed (film), a 2021 American documentary film
Grooming
Child grooming, befriending a child, in the negative context of preparing them to accept abusive behavior
LGBT grooming conspiracy theory, homophobic conspiracy theory
Personal grooming, or preening, in humans and other animals, a hygienic activity (caring for physical appearance)
Dog grooming, the care provided for a dog's physical appearance (especially its coat and nails), or specific work done to enhance its appearance for a show
Horse grooming, the daily hygienic care provided for horses, or specific work done on the horse to enhance its physical appearance for a show
Male grooming, specific work done by men to enhance their physical appearance, or daily hygiene care done by men
Social grooming, behavior between humans and other animals who live in proximity, helping bond and reinforce social structures
Snow grooming, the process of preparing snow for recreational uses, such as skiing
Traffic grooming, a technical activity in telecommunications
See also
Bridegroom (disambiguation)
Grom (disambiguation)
Operant conditioning
The 1977 Air Canada Silver Broom was held from March 28 to April 3 at the Färjestads Ishall in Karlstad, Sweden.
Teams
Round robin standings
Round robin results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Playoffs
Semifinals
Final
References
External links
World Men's Curling Championship
Curling
Air Canada Silver Broom, 1977
International curling competitions hosted by Sweden
Air Canada Silver Broom
Air Canada Silver Broom
Sports competitions in Karlstad
Angel Witch is the first album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch. The album was released in 1980 through Bronze Records, and since then re-released in four editions over the years. The cover features a painting formerly attributed to John Martin titled The Fallen Angels Entering Pandemonium. The album made Angel Witch one of the key bands in the new wave of British heavy metal movement.
Reception and legacy
Angel Witch received generally very positive reviews. The only exception was the very first review of the album by journalist Paul Suter for the influential British music paper Sounds in 1980. Suter defined the album "appalling" and "weedy", marred by a "destructively dreadful" production and by weak vocals. Another Sound reviewer Malcolm Dome, on the contrary, loved the album for its aggressiveness mixed with melody and declared it the "album of the year" together with Girlschool's Demolition. Canadian reviewer Martin Popoff says that this is "the only Angel Witch album of deep importance", being "the first panoramic black metal statement of the modern era"; its "mix of gothic melody, sinister surprise and scorching dense riffery" establishes "the band as genuinely scary" and "isolated and elevated from the fun-loving metal community" of the time. Mike Stagno of the Sputnikmusic editorial staff reminds how Angel Witch "is regarded by many as a NWOBHM classic alongside the likes of Iron Maiden, On Through the Night, and Wheels of Steel" and, despite some flaws in the general sound, it is "a gem"; they add that the band Angel Witch "never really achieved what they deserved ". The Allmusic review underlines this last concept and defines the album a "metal classic". Chad Bowar of About.com recommends the album, which deserve much recognition for being one of the NWOBHM albums responsible for "shaping the rise of thrash metal in the mid '80s" and "a major part of one of the most important eras of metal".
The opening track "Angel Witch" was featured in the 2009 video game, Brütal Legend.
Track listings
In 1990, the album was re-issued by Roadrunner Records and contained three bonus tracks. The three tracks were originally featured on the 1981 EP Loser.
In 2000, the album was re-issued by Castle Records and contained six bonus tracks, in addition to the 3 previous bonus tracks, the album also included the following three tracks. Tracks 14 and 16 that were originally B-sides for the Sweet Danger EP. Track 15 is from the NWOBHM compilation album Metal for Muthas.
On 2 August 2005, the album was re-issued by Castle Records again labeled the 25th Anniversary Expanded Edition, with slightly different album cover. It also featured a remastered sound and an expanded booklet, as well as even more bonus tracks. In addition to the above six bonus tracks, it also included the following 4 tracks, recorded for the 14 March 1980 edition of the BBC's Friday Rock Show.
30th Anniversary edition
In 2010 the album was re-issued by Sanctuary Records in a 2-Disc version, adding demos and other versions of some songs with a total of 30 songs.
In 2016, it was reissued in colored vinyl, with the same track listing as the first release.
Personnel
Band members
Kevin Heybourne - guitars, lead vocals
Kevin Riddles - bass, keyboards, backing vocals
Dave Hogg - drums
Production
Martin Smith - producer
Mark Dearnley, Ashley Howe, John Gallen - engineers
Jools Cooper, Nick Rogers - assistant engineers
References
1980 debut albums
Angel Witch albums
Bronze Records albums
New Wave of British Heavy Metal albums
Africa Environment Outlook for Youth, also known as AEO for Youth, was a United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) project that established Africa's first ever youth environmental network. This network worked with young people from at least 41 African countries and mobilised them to write a youth-oriented book known as AEO for Youth. The book captured the views and perspectives of young people from all over Africa.
History
During UNEP's Global Youth Retreat (GYR) 2003, held at the UNEP Headquarters in Nairobi, the African caucus endorsed a proposal to develop a youth version of the Africa Environment Outlook (AEO). AEO for Youth targeted young people between the ages of 16 and 30. It updated and highlighted the main AEO environmental themes in a way that was interesting, attractive and appealing to youth in Africa.
The resultant product was an image-intensive book that was launched at the Africa Ministerial Conference on the Environment in Congo Brazzaville, in 2006. The AEO for Youth Project was led by David Bwakali together with sub-regional coordinators from all of Africa's six sub-regions.
External links
United Nations Environment Programme
The red-fronted barbet (Tricholaema diademata) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family.
It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
References
red-fronted barbet
Birds of East Africa
red-fronted barbet
Taxa named by Theodor von Heuglin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Poreče () is a settlement in the upper Vipava Valley just north of Podnanos in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Poreče at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Gordontown (also Gordonton, Hanners Village, Hannersville) is an unincorporated community in Davidson County, North Carolina, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Davidson County, North Carolina
Unincorporated communities in North Carolina
Stod Bhoti (sTodpa), occasionally known as Lahul Bhoti or Lahuli, is a Tibetic language spoken in the Lahaul and Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh, India. It forms a closely knit group with other Lahuli–Spiti languages, and is fairly close to Standard Tibetan.
According to Ethnologue, dialects are Stod proper (Kolong), Khoksar (i.e. Khoksar Bhoti) and Mayar (Mayar Bhoti, or Mayari). They report 85% intelligibility of the Stod dialect by Khoksar, 75% by Mayar, 62% of Khoksar by Mayar, and 95% of Khoksar by Stod Bhoti. There is a 74% lexical similarity with the related language Spiti Bhoti.
History
The area of Lahaul where the language is spoken was named "Kothi Kolong" after Kolong, the chief village of the Kothi. Grierson termed the language the "Lahaul dialect".
The language was first studied after the foundation of a Moravian Church mission office in 1854. In 1881, H.A. Jaeschke published a Tibetan–English dictionary that included a comparative table of words from different languages spoken in the region, including Stod Bhoti, but without explicitly mentioning the name of the language.
In 1934, Roerich studied this language extensively, naming it 'Kolong' after its chief village.
The People's Linguistic Survey of India (PLSI) identified two prominent features of the language: a distinct tone and simplification of compound consonants. A grammar book has also been published.
References
Languages of Himachal Pradesh
Bodish languages
Endangered languages of India
Karagouana Mallé is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 182 square kilometers and includes 5 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 7,520. The village of Karagouana Mallé, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 38 km northwest of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Kayadibi is a village in Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey. As of 2000 it had a population of 83 people.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Miss Earth USA 2022 was the 18th edition of the Miss Earth USA pageant held on January 8, 2022 in Orlando, Florida. Marisa Butler of Maine crowned Natalia Salmon of Pennsylvania as their successor at the end of the event, but they later dethroned the title because of unknown reasons. Brielle Simons of Connecticut Miss Water (2nd runner-up) has crowned the new Miss Earth USA after Miss Air (1st runner-up) Faith Porter, who had already ascended the title of Miss District of Columbia USA 2022, and Simmons will now represent the United States at Miss Earth 2022.
Results
Delegates
51 contestants participated:
References
External links
Miss Earth USA Official Website
Miss Earth United States
Beauty pageants in the United States
Earth USA 2022
2022 in the United States
The Pipe Band Club is a competitive pipe band located in Sydney, Australia. The band was formed in 2008 and attended The World Pipe Band Championships in 2009 and 2010, competing in Grade 1. The band was led by Scott Nicolson until 2010 at which point Angus Roberts was elected Pipe Major. The band was the winner of the Australian Championship (Grade 1) in 2010, and has also consistently held the New South Wales state title since inauguration. In 2012 the band requested to be relegated to Grade 2 and this was approved by the Australian Pipe Band Association (now called Pipe Bands Australia). The band won the 2014 Australian Championship in Grade 2, and went on to host the NSW Championships in November 2014, marking the first time the band had acted as a contest promoter.
Still in Grade 2 in 2015, the band secured a win in the Queensland State Championships, then traveled to Scotland for a two-week tour ending with the World Championships in August 2015. The band took 2nd place in Grade 2 at North Berwick and 3rd place in Grade 2 at Perth. A week later, at the World Championships, the band took 2nd place in their heat before progressing and placing 9th in the final.
In 2016, The Pipe Band Club once again retained their NSW Championship title and shortly after, the Australian Championship title (Grade 2) in a field of five competitors, with Moorabbin City taking 2nd and Hawthorne City placing 3rd.
The Pipeband Club returned to Scotland in 2017, competing at North Berwick Highland Games and Bridge of Allan Highland Games in preparation for the World Pipe Band Championships in Glasgow. The band secured 4th place in Grade 2 at North Berwick in a field of 14 bands, and at Bridge of Allan, securing 5th in Grade 2 (14 competitors in the field) and a 1st place in Grade 1 (in a field of 8 competitors), an unexpected result for a band playing in a higher division than their official grading. At the 2017 World Pipe Band Championships, the band placed 2nd in their qualifying heat, thus earning one of twelve spots in the Grade 2 final. On this occasion, the band improved on their 2015 result by placing 8th in the final.
References
Pipe bands
Grade 2 pipe bands
Andrew "Blueblood" McMahon (April 12, 1926 – February 17, 1984) was an American Chicago blues bass guitarist, singer and songwriter. McMahon played bass guitar in Howlin' Wolf's backing ensemble for over a decade. They also backed a number of other Chicago-based blues musicians on record. Their own best known tracks are "Lost in the Jungle", "Special Agent", "Potato Diggin' Man", and "Worried All the Time", which have appeared on several compilation albums.
Biography
Andrew "Blueblood" McMahon was born in Delhi, Louisiana, United States. They relocated to Chicago, Illinois, in 1949, and commenced performing in the blues clubs across that city from the early 1950s.
McMahon first started playing in Howlin' Wolf's backing band in 1960, and their recording career with Wolf ran between 1964 and 1973. That tenure saw McMahon play bass on Wolf's single, "Killing Floor" (1964), and on their albums, The Real Folk Blues (1966) and The Back Door Wolf (1973).
In 1960, McMahon supplied bass guitar to Morris Pejoe's single release "She Walked Right In". Another early recording outside of Wolf's tutelage was playing bass guitar on Freddy Young's single, "Someday Baby" (1964).
In 1973, McMahon recorded their debut solo album, Blueblood, in Chicago, which was released by Dharma Records. Their backing musicians on the recording included Homesick James, Hubert Sumlin, and Sunnyland Slim. They released the accompanying single, "Guitar King" / "Short Mini Dress", also on Dharma. However, their subsequent solo career did not take off.
In 1977, their second album release, Go Get My Baby, a live recording, was issued on the French record label MCM Records. It had been recorded the previous November, over two nights, three days apart, at a couple of Chicago blues clubs. Aron Burton played the bass guitar on a number of tracks, to allow McMahon to concentrate on their singing. Other musicians who performed on the recordings were the guitarists Jimmy Dawkins and John Littlejohn. McMahon wrote five of the fourteen tracks on the recording, which also had blues standards such as "It Hurts Me Too", "Got My Mojo Working", and "Little Red Rooster".
Some of their live work appeared in the compilation album, The Chicago Blues Box 2, issued by Storyville Records, plus four of their studio recordings were incorporated on another compilation, Cadillac Baby's Bea & Baby Records: The Definitive Collection.
McMahon died in Monroe, Louisiana, in February 1984, at the age of 57.
An obituary appeared in Living Blues magazine (issue No. 59) later that year.
Solo discography
See also
List of Chicago blues musicians
References
External links
Recording of "Guitar King" from Blueblood
1926 births
1984 deaths
Blues musicians from Louisiana
American blues guitarists
African-American male guitarists
American blues singers
20th-century African-American male singers
Chicago blues musicians
Guitarists from Louisiana
Songwriters from Louisiana
Electric blues musicians
People from Delhi, Louisiana
20th-century American bass guitarists
African-American songwriters
African-American guitarists
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
American male songwriters
St Baradates (died circa 460) was a hermit who lived in the Diocese of Cyrrhus in Syria, and whose bishop, Theodoret, called them "the admirable Baradates."
Baradates lived in a tiny hut, too small for them to stand upright, and they wore a leather garment that exposed only their mouth and nose. They were said to have been very learned, particularly in theology. Emperor Leo wrote him, asking their advice regarding the Council of Chalcedon.
In the Roman Catholic Church, as well as the Eastern Orthodox Churches, the Feast of St Baradates is February 22.
Monks of Ramsgate account
The monks of St Augustine's Abbey, Ramsgate wrote in their Book of Saints (1921),
Butler's account
The hagiographer Alban Butler (1710–1773) wrote in their Lives of the Fathers, Martyrs, and Other Principal Saints under February 22,
Notes
Citations
Sources
Syrian Christian saints
Hermits
460 deaths
Italian ship Giuseppe Garibaldi may refer to:
, armoured cruiser
, light cruiser, recommissioned in 1961 as guided missile cruiser
, launched in 1983; commissioned on 30 September 1985; is in service as flagship of Marina Militare
All the ships named Giuseppe Garibaldi had as motto "Obbedisco".
Italian Navy ship names
is a railway station in the town of Chizu, Yazu District, Tottori, Japan, jointly operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West) and the third sector railway operator Chizu Express.
Lines
Chizu Station is served by JR West's Imbi Line and the Chizu Express Chizu Line
Adjacent stations
History
Chizu Station opened on 5 June 1923. The additional Chizu Express platforms entered service on 3 December 1994.
References
External links
Chizu Station information (Chizu Express)
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1923
Chizu Express
Railway stations in Tottori Prefecture
Haxted Watermill is a much-restored Grade II listed watermill in Surrey, England, close to the border with Kent, and is powered by the River Eden.
History
The mill was first mentioned in the will of Sir Reginald de Cobham in 1361. The western half of the current building, constructed on the foundations of the 14th Century mill, dates to about 1680 and the eastern half dates to 1797. The mill was last used to grind flour in 1919 but worked until 1945, grinding meal for local farmers. The last miller was Thomas Stanford whose family had operated the mill for the previous two centuries. Purchased by Mr Woodrow in 1949, they spent the next twenty years restoring the machinery to working order. The mill was opened as a museum of water milling and water pumping in 1966. In recent years it has operated as a bar and brasserie but is now closed. In 2016, planning permission was granted to site three shepherd huts on the adjoining site as guest accommodation for visitors to the mill.
Machinery
The current overshot waterwheel has a diameter of and a width of . It was installed in about 1830, but by 1972 the 72 iron buckets had failed and were replaced by fibreglass replicas. The bearing-stone for an earlier, undershot waterwheel was found during renovation and this dates to the fourteenth century. In full working order the current wheel produced about , rotating at 8 r.p.m. and driving three pairs of millstones, through gearing, at 120 r.p.m. The pit wheel and wallower are of the same date as the waterwheel, but the great spur wheel, made of oak with applewood teeth, has been dated to 1680. The mill originally operated three pairs of French burr millstones. At some stage a fourth pair was added, driven from a shaft off the crown wheel, but this was too much for the machinery and was disconnected.
References
Watermills in Surrey
Defunct museums in England
Edenbridge, Kent
Grade II listed buildings in Surrey
Flour mills in the United Kingdom
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Buildings and structures in Surrey
The Fayetteville SwampDogs were a collegiate summer baseball team that played in the Coastal Plain League. The team plays its home games at J. P. Riddle Stadium, nicknamed "The Swamp", in Fayetteville, North Carolina. The SwampDogs have played in the Coastal Plain League since the 2001 season, when they finished atop the South division with a record of 18 wins and 8 losses. The SwampDogs replaced the Cape Fear Crocs at J. P. Riddle Stadium.
The team announced on October 3, 2019 that they would sit out the 2020 Coastal Plain League season and relocate afterwards, having failed to reach a new lease agreement on J. P. Riddle Stadium.
Alumni
David Aardsma (2001); pitcher, Chicago White Sox
Mark Reynolds (2003); third Baseman, Washington Nationals
Andy Dirks (2005); outfielder, Detroit Tigers
Michael McKenry (2005); catcher, Pittsburgh Pirates
Blake Gailen (2005–06); outfielder, Los Angeles Dodgers organization
Carter Capps (2010); pitcher, Seattle Mariners
Kevin Quackenbush (2008); pitcher, San Diego Padres
Layne Somsen (2012); pitcher, Cincinnati Reds
External links
Coastal Plain League
References
Coastal Plain League
Sports in Fayetteville, North Carolina
Baseball teams established in 2001
2001 establishments in North Carolina
"The Rest of My Life" is a song recorded by American musician Prince. It was released as the first promotional single from their twenty-second studio album The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale (1999). It was issued in 1999 as a CD single, exclusively in Japan. Prince solely wrote and produced it, while a series of individuals provided various instrumentation for the track.
Originally recorded in April 1992, the song remained unreleased for seven years until the announcement of The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale. The Japanese CD single was released by Warner Bros. Records and included the album version of the single, plus the lead single from the album, "Extraordinary".
Background and release
In July 1999, Prince announced the upcoming release of The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale, a collection of previously unreleased material from their partnership with Warner Bros. Records. The material created was recorded throughout 1985 and 1994, and was promoted by the release of one single, "Extraordinary", on August 10, 1999. "The Rest of My Life" was written during recording sessions for the Love Symbol Album (1992). A CD single of "The Rest of My Life" was released exclusively in Japan, to further promote The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale. The CD solely included the album version of the track and lead single "Extraordinary", but was not made available for purchase as it was a promotional CD.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale liner notes
Prince – vocals, lyrics, production, instruments
Michael B. – drums
Tommy Barbarella – keyboards
Brian Gallagher – tenor saxophone
Mr. Hayes – keyboards
Kathy J. – baritone saxophone
Dave Jensen – trumpet
Michael Nelson – trombone
Levi Seacer, Jr. – guitar
Steve Strand – trumpet
Sonny T. – bass guitar
References
1999 songs
Prince (musician) songs
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
Songs written by Prince (musician)
Kim Allen (born February 22, 1982) is an American actor of half Greek descent.
Early life
Allen was born and raised in a suburb of Springfield, Massachusetts. They earned a BFA in drama from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, with minors in biology and anthropology.
Career
They formerly played 18-year-old Amanda Holden, Kim Delaney's daughter, in Lifetime's series Army Wives. They later appeared in Law & Order: Criminal Intent as Avery Burton. In the early 2000s, they made an appearance in a Hot Pockets advertisement promoting an updated line including higher quality ingredients. The ad tagline "irresistibly hot", associated their attractiveness with the desirability of the frozen microwaveable sandwich.
In 2016, they played the role of Jacqueline Kennedy in the biographical film LBJ (2016).
Filmography
Film
Television
Television
Lipstick Jungle (1 episode, 2008) as Leading Woman
Law & Order: Criminal Intent (1 episode, 2008) as Avery Hubert
Guiding Light (4 episodes, 2009) as Lara Fasano
The Beautiful Life: TBL (1 episode, 2009) as Rachelle
Film
Sonnet for a Towncar (2010) as Claire
Violet Tendencies (2010) as Salome
Going Down in LA-LA Land (2011) as Ms. Campbell
Curfew (2012) as Maggie
Scavenger Killers (2014) as Agent Templeton
Lyle (2014) as Taylor
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
American television actores
Actresses from Massachusetts
Actors from Springfield, Massachusetts
21st-century American actores
Serket (also known as Serqet, Selket, Selqet, Selcis, or Selkis) is the goddess of healing venomous stings and bites in Egyptian mythology, originally the deification of the scorpion. Them family life is unknown, but they are sometimes credited as the daughter of Neith and Khnum, making them a sister to Sobek and Apep.
Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket's name describes this, as it means "(she who) tightens the throat"; however, Serket's name also can be read as meaning "(she who) causes the throat to breathe" and so, as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous, Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other venoms such as snakebites.
In the art of ancient Egypt, Serket was depicted as a scorpion (a symbol found on the earliest artifacts of the culture, such as from Naqada III) or to have the body of a scorpion but the head of a woman or as a woman with a scorpion on their head. Although Serket does not appear to have had any temples, they had a sizable number of priests in many communities.
One of the most dangerous species of scorpion, the deathstalker (Leiurus quinquestriatus) resides in North Africa and its sting may kill, so Serket was considered a highly important goddess and sometimes they were considered by pharaohs to be their patron. Them close association with the early rulers implies that they were their protector, notably Scorpion I and Scorpion II.
As the protector against venom and snakebite, Serket often was said to protect the deities from Apep, the great snake-demon of evil, sometimes being depicted as the guard when Apep was captured.
As many of the venomous creatures of Egypt could prove fatal, Serket also was considered a protector of the dead, particularly being associated with venoms and fluids causing stiffening. They were thus said to be the protector of the tents of embalmers and of the canopic jar associated with venom—the jar of the intestine—which was deified later than Qebehsenuef, one of the four sons of Horus.
As the guard of one of the canopic jars and a protector, Serket gained a strong association with Neith, Isis, and Nephthys, who also performed similar functions. Eventually, Serket began to be identified with Isis, sharing imagery and parentage, until finally, Serket was said to be merely an aspect of Isis, whose cult had become dominant.
It has been suggested that Serket's identification with a scorpion may be a misinterpretation of the determinative of their name and animal associated with them and that could refer not to a scorpion, but rather to a water scorpion (Nepidae). According to this hypothesis, Serket is referred to as "she who gives breath" because of the way water scorpions seem to breathe underwater. The appearance of a waterscorpion must have made it be associated with the scorpion, therefore the use of the goddess for curing scorpion stings and other venomous creatures or maybe exactly because they "causes to breathe", not for the physical similarities of the creatures.
In popular culture
Serqet is a playable character in Hi-rez's MOBA, SMITE.  They are a melee assassin and depicted as a woman with a mechanical scorpion tail which they use in their attacks and has a focus on poisoning them opponents.
In Call of Duty: Black Ops IV, Serket is alluded to in the Chaos branch of the storyline, which is heavily mythology driven. Serket is mentioned in the map IX, which takes place in a Roman coliseum, where they present the character with a scorpion that can be used to extract the sap of a tree in Danu's temple to then poison the mystery box of weapons and guarantee the receipt of the map's wonder weapon. The wonder weapon takes the form of a chained scorpion that shoots a bolt of light to trap and suspend zombies. It is known as the Death of Orion initially, but can be upgraded to the more powerful Serket's Kiss.
In the video game PowerSlave, Serket (named Selkis) appears as a boss character, portrayed as a monstrous half-humanoid half-scorpion-like creature.
Serqet, a character based off of the Egyptian goddess, appears in Rick Riordan's The Red Pyramid and The Serpent's Shadow. They appear to have the ability to control scorpions and is often seen riding on a giant black scorpion.
The goddess Serket appears as a minor character in the 2003 animated series Tutenstein. They appear wearing a purple scorpion on their head which is stinging them This causes them to complain about headaches.
In the Yugioh series, a gigantic scorpion-like monster appears named Mystical Beast of Serket.
In the Mobius Final Fantasy series, a character named Selkis makes an appearance as a card. Them character appears to be a half-human, with a giant scorpion body below their torso.
A character named Selqet appears in the Reign of Dragons series. They appear to be humanoid with scorpion and dragon paraphernalia.
References
Further reading
Animal goddesses
Egyptian death goddesses
Egyptian goddesses
Health goddesses
Mythological arthropods
Naqada III
Scorpions in culture
The La Salle University basketball scandal was an incident that began in June 2004, in which three members of the La Salle University men's basketball team (Gary Neal, Michael Cleaves, and Dzaflo Larkai) were accused of rape in two separate incidents.
One allegation related to an encounter in April 2003 where one man's basketball player was accused of raping a women's basketball player. These charges were dismissed in December 2005 after the accuser decided not to proceed. The other allegation related to an incident in June 2004 where two other members of the basketball team were accused of raping a visiting female basketball player. These two players were acquitted on November 4, 2005 after a trial.
It later emerged that men's basketball coach Billy Hahn and women's basketball coach John Miller had known about allegations surrounding the rape of the women's basketball player, but hadn't told school officials about it. However, Hahn and Miller were required by school policy to report the incident to a counselor. This was to ensure La Salle's compliance with the Clery Act, which requires colleges to report information about crime on campus. As a result, Hahn and Miller resigned on July 24, 2004.
References
2004–05 Atlantic 10 Conference men's basketball season
2004 in sports in Pennsylvania
Academic scandals
Campus sexual assault
College basketball controversies in the United States
scandal
History of women in Pennsylvania
Pątnówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately south-east of Miłkowice, north-west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Mamatlar, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Moumouni Compaoré (born 20 November 1996) is a Burkinabé football defender who plays for USFA. They were a squad member for the 2020 African Nations Championship.
References
1996 births
Living people
Burkinabé footballers
Burkina Faso international footballers
Burkinabé Premier League players
AS SONABEL players
Rail Club du Kadiogo players
US des Forces Armées players
Association football defenders
21st-century Burkinabé people
Burkina Faso A' international footballers
2020 African Nations Championship players
Seker (; also spelled Sokar, and in Greek, Sokaris or Socharis) is a falcon god of the Memphite necropolis in the Ancient Egyptian religion.
Name
Although the meaning of their name remains uncertain, the Egyptians in the Pyramid Texts linked their name to the anguished cry of Osiris to Isis 'Sy-k-ri' ('hurry to me'), or possibly skr, meaning "cleaning the mouth". In the underworld, Seker is strongly linked with two other gods, Ptah the Creator god and chief god of Memphis, and Osiris the god of the dead. In later periods, this connection was expressed as the triple god Ptah-Seker-Osiris.
The Faiyumic Coptic form ⲥⲓⲭⲟⲗ is possibly preserved in a personal name ⲥⲉⲛⲥⲓⲭⲟⲗ "daughter of Sokar".
Appearance
Seker was usually depicted as a mummified hawk and sometimes as a mound from which the head of a hawk appears. Here they are called 'he who is on their sand'. Sometimes they are shown on their hennu barque which was an elaborate sledge for negotiating the sandy necropolis. One of their titles was 'He of Restau' which means the place of 'openings' or tomb entrances.
In the New Kingdom Book of the Underworld, the Amduat, they are shown standing on the back of a serpent between two spread wings; as an expression of freedom this suggests a connection with resurrection or perhaps a satisfactory transit of the underworld. Despite this, the region of the underworld associated with Seker was seen as difficult, sandy terrain called the Imhet (also called Amhet, Ammahet, or Ammehet; meaning 'filled up').
Roles and cults
Seker, possibly through their association with Ptah, also has a connection with craftsmen. In the Book of the Dead they are said to fashion silver bowls and at Tanis a silver coffin of Sheshonq II has been discovered decorated with the iconography of Seker.
Seker's cult centre was in Memphis and festivals in their honour were held there on the 26th day of the fourth month of the akhet (spring) season. While these festivals took place, devotees would hoe and till the ground, and drive cattle, which suggests that Seker could have had agricultural aspects about him.
Seker is mentioned in The Journey of Ra: the myth used to explain what happens during the night when Ra travels through the Underworld. According to the myth, Seker rules the Fifth Kingdom of Night, which is called "Hidden", and is tasked with punishing the souls of evildoers by throwing them into a boiling lake where they must suffer for eternity.
Also as part of the festivals in akhet, their followers wore strings of onions around their necks, showing the Underworld aspect of him. Onions were used in embalming people - sometimes the skin, sometimes the entire onion. When just the skin was used, it would be placed on the eyes and inside the ears to mask the smell.
Also, the god was depicted as assisting in various tasks such as digging ditches and canals. From the New Kingdom a similar festival was held in Thebes, which rivaled the great Opet Festival.
Other events during the festival including floating a statue of the god on a Henu barque, which was a boat with a high prow shaped like an oryx.
Popular culture
In the 1956 movie The Ten Commandments, the Pharaoh Rameses II invokes the same deity to bring their deceased firstborn son back to life, while wearing a dark blue robe with a silver bow.
In the show Stargate SG-1, the Goa'uld villain Sokar is named after Seker. Sokar appears as a powerful and sadistic Goa'uld who chose the role of the Devil rather than a god like the rest of their species.  They are killed when the moon they use as their own personal version of Hell is blown up, destroying Sokar's ship in orbit and Sokar himself.
American technical death metal band Nile wrote the title track of their album “Annihilation of the Wicked” about the domain, occupation, and appearance of Seker. Curiously, the lyrics seem to describe Seker in the form of Seker-Osiris, not Ptah-Seker-Osiris, deliberately excluding the aspects of Ptah. The lyrics call them “ancient and dead,” a trait held by Osiris, but also describe them as being “shunned by Ra,” which would place the Seker they describe in the context of Heliopolis rather than Memphis.
The fantasy role playing game Advanced Dungeons and Dragons includes Seker in its 1st edition Deities and Demigods, and Legends and Lore rulebooks. In this setting, Seker is described as the Egyptian lesser god of light and, among other details, they cast rays of light from their hands which destroy all undead. Their Alignment is given as Neutral Good, and it is noted they protect Egyptian souls of the same Alignment after their death. No specific mention is made of the later triple persona, though their symbol is given as a hawk-headed mummy holding an ankh, which does at least indirectly suggest the connection.
References
Further reading
Graindorge, Catherine (1994). Le Dieu Sokar a Thebes Au Nouvel Empire (in French). Otto Harrassowitz Verlag. .
Mikhail, Louis B. (1984). "The Festival of Sokar: An Episode of the Osirian Khoiak Festival". Göttinger Miszellen 82.
Arts gods
Crafts gods
Egyptian death gods
Egyptian gods
Mythological birds of prey
Smithing gods
Underworld gods
ca:Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia#S
Yengema Secondary School or YSS is a government-sponsored secondary school that serves the town of Yengema, in the Kono District, Sierra Leone.
External links
https://yosainternational.wixsite.com/yss-association/about-yss
http://www.deskgbongborkono.com/rich_text.html
Secondary schools in Sierra Leone
Eastern Province, Sierra Leone
Educational institutions established in 1964
1964 establishments in Sierra Leone
Campo de Montiel may refer to:
Campo de Montiel (Albacete)
Campo de Montiel (Ciudad Real)
The Seven Society (founded 1905) is the most secretive of the University of Virginia's secret societies. Members are only revealed after their death, when a wreath of black magnolias in the shape of a "7" is placed at the gravesite, the bell tower of the University Chapel chimes at seven-second intervals on the seventh dissonant chord when it is seven past the hour, and a notice is published in the university's Alumni News, and often in the Cavalier Daily. The most visible tradition of the society is the painting of the logo of the society, the number 7 surrounded by the signs for alpha (A), omega (Ω), and infinity (∞), and sometimes several stars, upon many buildings around the grounds of the university.
There is no clear history of the founding of the society. There is a legend that, of eight men who planned to meet for a card game, only seven showed up, and they formed the society. Other histories claim that the misbehavior of other secret societies, specifically the Hot Feet (later the IMP Society), led University President Edwin A. Alderman to call both the Hot Feet and the Z Society into their office and suggest that a more "beneficial organization" was needed.
The only known method to successfully contact the Seven Society is to place a letter at the Thomas Jefferson statue inside the university's historic Rotunda (accounts differ on the exact placement of the letter, either on the base or in the crook of the statue's arm).
Philanthropic gifts
The group contributes financially to the university, announcing donations with letters signed only with seven astronomical symbols in the order: Earth, Jupiter, Mercury, Mars, Neptune, Uranus, and Venus. The Society gives large monetary donations and scholarships to the university each year in quantities that include the number 7, e.g. $777 or $1,777. Significant past gifts to the university include the Seven Society Carillon in the UVA Chapel, donated in memory of deceased members of the society, and given with the request that there should be a toll of seven times seven bells on the passing of a member; a memorial to past Seven Society members who gave their lives in World War I; $17,777.77 for a loan fund in honor of university president John Lloyd Newcomb; the ceremonial mace carried in academic processions; $10,777.77 in support of the re-establishment of Homecomings; a plaque on the Rotunda honoring University students who died in the Korean War; $7,077.77 to endow the Ernest Mead Fund for the Music Library; $47,777.77 for the making of a film on the honor system; and $1 million in support of the university's South Lawn Project. Most recently, the society gave a $777,777.77 grant to fund the Mead Endowment, founded in honor of Ernest Mead, which awards grants to professors to teach their "dream classes."
In addition to granting spontaneous gifts, the Seven Society sponsors an annual $7,000 graduate fellowship award for superb teaching.
Notable members
The Seven Society is unusual among University of Virginia secret societies in including members who were not students or alumni of the university. Notable examples include Mary Proffitt, secretary to Dean James M. Page and Dean Ivey F. Lewis; and Ivey F. Lewis himself, a non-alumnus professor and longtime dean of students at the university.
Several notable individuals whose Seven Society membership was disclosed at their death include:
H. Lockwood Frizzell, drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles
Adm. William F. Halsey
Frank Hereford, fifth president of the University of Virginia and namesake of Hereford College
James Rogers McConnell, student and volunteer for the Lafayette Escadrille during World War I, memorialized in Gutzon Borglum's statue The Aviator
John Lloyd Newcomb, second president of the University of Virginia
Edward Stettinius, Jr., secretary of state under Presidents Roosevelt and Truman, and first US ambassador to the United Nations
Frank Wisner, head of the Central Intelligence Agency's Directorate of Plans during the 1950s
Joseph W. Twinam, American ambassador to Bahrain, 1974-1976
Joe Edwin McCary, M.D. Quarterback and Captain 1948 UVA Football. Honorable Mention All-American. Senior Class Treasurer. Graduate of UVA Medical School, June 14, 1954.
Ernest Mead, professor of music and chair of the McIntire Department of Music at UVA
Glynn Key, Board of Visitors member.
Seven Society at other colleges/universities
There have been several secret societies with "seven" in their name. No connection between the societies has been shown, but there is at least some tradition in the use of the names.
One such secret society is the Seven Society, Order of the Crown and Dagger, known to exist at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia. The founding date of the William and Mary society is reported to have been as early as 1826.
A second unassociated secret society operates at Longwood University. The society known as Princeps, was founded on 7 principles of leadership. Members are selected during their undergraduate career and are not revealed until graduation by wearing a crimson sash bearing the 7. The group recognizes and honors citizens of the Longwood community who are exceptional leaders. The mysteries of this organization are only revealed with their dropped items around campus and their recognition of those who embody the spirit of Princeps. Students often step on the black 7 pointed crowns painted around campus for good luck.
A third society was the Mystic Seven Fraternity, constituted in 1885, of which the Virginia Temple of the Hands and Torch was the parent chapter. Prior to the Civil War, there had been a Mystical Seven Society, with several chapters across the South. One surviving group at Mississippi created a chapter at Virginia. That Virginia chapter later organized the Mystic Seven Fraternity, also calling the new organization Phi Theta Alpha. Five years later the Mystic Seven Fraternity merged with Beta Theta Pi, with the Virginia chapter becoming the Omicron chapter of Beta Theta Pi.
A fourth unrelated society, also called Mystical Seven, was founded in 1907 at the University of Missouri. It is often claimed that this society was directly inspired by the Seven Society at Virginia, (although no citations are given), but it took the older Mystical Seven names.
A fifth unrelated society is the Seven Society (The Club) at East Carolina University in Greenville, NC. Established in 1927, the name of the organization was originally the "East Carolina Men's Social Club" until it was changed to "Seven Society" in 1962 for reasons unknown. Referred to as simply "The Club" by most of its members, the sign of this society is the same as that of the Seven Society at the University of Virginia, except that the numbers "322" appear beneath the "7." The numbers 322 are also depicted in the Skull and Bones secret society logo. Notable members include: the screenwriter Kevin Williamson, James Maynard, and Vince McMahon.
References
See also
Secret societies at the University of Virginia
Collegiate secret societies in North America
Collegiate secret societies
Student societies in the United States
University of Virginia
1905 establishments in Virginia
Secret societies in the United States
Student organizations established in 1905
William Chapman Sharpe is an American literary scholar.  They are a professor of English at Barnard College.
Biography
Sharpe received their B.A. and Ph.D. from Columbia University and M.A. from the University of Oxford. They joined the faculty of Barnard College in 1983, and their scholarship focuses on the art, culture, and literature of the modern cities, especially New York City. They have written about subjects such as shadows or nighttime environments of cities as depicted in literature and arts as well as a cultural history on walking.
Sharpe received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1993.
References
Living people
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Barnard College faculty
Literary scholars
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Year of birth missing (living people)
Olga Yevkova (born 15 July 1965) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
The 1996–97 LEN Champions League was the ongoing 34th edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs. It ran from 1996 to 5 April 1997, and it was contested by 8 teams. The Final Four (semifinals, final, and third place game) took place on April 4 and April 5 in Naples.
Preliminary round
Blue Group
Red Group
Final Four (Naples)
Final standings
See also
1996–97 LEN Cup Winners' Cup
1996–97 LEN Cup
LEN Champions League seasons
1996 in water polo
1997 in water polo
Champions League
The 47th Parliament of Australia is an upcoming meeting of the Parliament of Australia. New members were elected in the May 2022 election and will assume office on 26 July 2022. There will be eight new senators (1 Independent, 1, Liberal, 1 National, 1 Country Liberal, 1 Jacqui Lambie Network, 1 Labor, 2 Greens) and 35 new representatives (1 National, 3 Greens, 3 Liberal National, 4 Liberal, 7 Independent, 17 Labor) at the start of its first session. When taking office, ages ranged from 30 to 67 placing them mostly in the generation X and millennial categories. Of this group women make up 56 per cent.
New members of the Senate
State senators elected at the 2022 election are scheduled to take office on 1 July 2022 for a six-year term. Senators from the Northern Territory and Australian Capital Territory took office on 21 May 2022 for a three-year term.
Took office during the 47th Parliament of Australia
New members of the House of Representatives
Elected 21 May 2022
Took office during the 47th Parliament of Australia
Notes
References
Parliament of Australia
Two Night Stand is a 2014 American romantic comedy film directed by Max Nichols, written by Mark Hammer, and starring Miles Teller, Lio Tipton, Jessica Szohr, Leven Rambin, and Scott Mescudi.
On November 10, 2013, it was announced that there were two offers for the rights of the film in the US. Entertainment One acquired the rights to distribute the film in the US on November 21, 2013, for a release in 2014.
Plot
Megan is unemployed and single, and one day they join a dating website. Them roommates, who just want them to move out, invite them to a party at a club. After a bouncer refuses to let them into the club on the grounds that they look too young and they did not have their ID, they run into their ex-fiancé, Chris, and later decides to have a one-night stand with one of the men they found on the website, Alec.
The next morning, they are less than cordial to each other, but Megan is unable to leave because of a blizzard. Forced to spend more time together, the two end up telling each other what they did wrong the previous night, convinced that they will never see each other again, and Megan suggests that they "try again". The two have sex again, with far better results.
Afterwards, Megan discovers a closet full of women's clothes, and pictures of Alec with a girl. They find out that Alec's girlfriend, Daisy, had written a note to him, saying that they wanted to break up, but had not given it to him, but they had found it accidentally. Alec wanted to have something to rub in their face when they broke up with him, and so they had joined the dating website. Angry, Megan leaves.
When Daisy returns, they find a note that Megan had scribbled, and they and Alec exchange the notes that they had found, and they break up. At a New Year's Eve party, Megan is arrested because the same note was found in Alec's neighbor's apartment, which the two had broken into earlier. Alec arrives to the prison with flowers and balloons. They pay bail, but Megan refuses to see them or even leave the holding cell.
Later, when their roommates come to pay bail, Alec apologizes, saying that they did not know their last name and that this was the only way they thought they could see them again. They say that it might be something that the two of them would laugh about years later, but Megan is still angry because they had to spend time in jail. They make them a deal, asking for their number and promising to call them the moment they laughed about it. They take a closer look at the presents they gave them Minutes later, they start laughing upon seeing the balloon read "I'm sorry, I'm an asshole" and calls Alec. They meet them outside the police station and they kiss in the middle of the road, when it starts snowing again.
Cast
Miles Teller as Alec
Lio Tipton as Megan
Jessica Szohr as Faiza
Scott Mescudi as Cedric
Leven Rambin as Daisy
Michael Showalter as Rick Raines
Josh Salatin as Chris
Kellyn Lindsay as Becca
Chris Conroy as Ben
Joey Lauren Adams as voice of Darella, dating website customer service agent
Production
The plot would eventually mirror a natural disaster the production faced once it came time to shoot. "The script was one out of a hundred where I thought, 'I have to do this movie, Nichols said. "I was intrigued from the very premise. The characters are smart and funny, but the story digs much deeper ... It reminded me of coming-of-age stories from my youth." Nichols read the script, which appeared on The Black List in December 2011, and pitched their vision of the story to producers Beau Flynn, Ruben Fleischer and Adam Yoelin. "I was shooting a Willie Nelson video in Austin, TX in May [2012] and got a call that I [was on board]", said Nichols. "We immediately started casting the film and were lucky to have a lot of talented actors and actores who were interested, but there was something about [Lio] Tipton's 'Megan' that caught my attention." Nichols said it was "essential" that their character's "date" Alec understands that "he's never met a girl like them and can't let them go." Miles Teller joined the cast soon afterward as Alec and the rest of casting was completed in late summer.
After the primary cast was in place, producers went off "to work their [financing] magic", said Nichols, and the shoot was scheduled for October 2012, which coincided with Hurricane Sandy. "Production had to go down for two days", Nichols said. "After it was over we had the challenge of a gas shortage which meant no power for our generators and trucks." The Two Night Stand shoot was only scheduled to take 19 days and some of the planned locations were without electricity post-storm. "[Lio] and Miles were staying downtown in an apartment and were stranded there without power", added Nichols, giving the actors a real-life parallel to their characters' own predicament. Production managed to recoup its time-loss and Nichols bunkered down with editor Matt Garner at Harbor Picture Company to edit.
Release
Two Night Stand premiered at the American Film Market in early 2014 and distributor eOne came on board soon after its screening at The Grove. The film opened in limited release on September 26, 2014 before release on iTunes and video on demand a week later on October 3.
Critical reception
The film received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 38%, based on 47 reviews, with an average rating of 4.89/10. The consensus reads: "Two Night Stand proves even a pair of well-matched leads isn't enough to take a rom-com all the way from interesting idea to watchable feature." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 45 out of 100, based on 17 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Notes
References
External links
2014 films
2014 directorial debut films
2014 independent films
2014 romantic comedy films
2010s English-language films
American independent films
American romantic comedy films
Entertainment One films
Films produced by Beau Flynn
Films produced by Ruben Fleischer
Films set in Manhattan
Films shot in New York City
2010s American films
Blepharisma japonicum is a species of protozoan that can be found either in water or soil in Japan.
Description
The body of an organism is elongated and ovoided. It has a curved anterior apex that is over the peristome. It has a cytostome which is a two-layered undulating membrane, on the right front edge, and also contractile vacuole with cytopyge terminal. It is either brown or rose-coloured.
Conjugation
Blepharisma japonicum produces sexual pheromones that promote conjugation. There are two mating types (I and II), each type excreting a specific pheromone (termed gamone 1 and gamone 2, respectively). When sexually mature mating-type I cells are moderately starved, they autonomously produce and secrete gamone I. Gamone 1 specifically acts on mating-type II cells, transforming them so that they can unite with type I cells, and inducing them to secrete gamone 2. Gamone 2 then transforms type I cells so that they can unite with type II cells. Cells that can unite may then undergo conjugation. Sexual reproduction involving interaction of opposite mating types promotes outcrossing and the masking of deleterious recessive mutations in the diploid stage of the sexual life cycle.
References
Heterotrichea
Species described in 1954
"Stop the Sun" is a song written and recorded by American country artist, Bonnie Guitar. Recorded in September 1967, the official single was released two months later, peaking at number thirteen on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. It was the first time Guitar enjoyed a major hit with a self-penned song. The song was issued on their album, Stop the Sun/A Woman in Love on Dot Records.
Chart performance
References
1967 singles
Bonnie Guitar songs
Song recordings produced by George Richey
Dot Records singles
1967 songs
Alex Saji (born 9 May 2000) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Indian Super League club Hyderabad.
Club career
In July 2019 Saji joined I-League club Gokulam Kerala FC on a season-long contract.
They then promoted to the main team which goes to kolkata for 2020–21 I-League season.
Hyderabad
On 15 July 2022, Hyderabad completed the signing of Saji on a three-year deal.
International career
On 2 October 2021, Saji was selected for 2022 AFC U-23 Asian Cup Qualification matches which were scheduled to be played between 23 and 31 October 2021.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Gokulam Kerala
I-League: 2020–21, 2021–22
References
Living people
2000 births
People from Wayanad district
Indian footballers
India youth international footballers
Footballers from Kerala
Association football central defenders
I-League 2nd Division players
Gokulam Kerala FC players
I-League players
Kerala Blasters FC Reserves and Academy players
The 2012–13 season is Hyderabad cricket team's 79th competitive season. The Hyderabad cricket team is senior men's domestic cricket team based in the city of Hyderabad, India, run by the Hyderabad Cricket Association. They represent the region of Telangana in the state of Andhra Pradesh in domestic competitions.
Competition Overview
Squads
Head Coach : Sunil Joshi
Fielding Coach : Noel David
Irani Cup
Ojha got selected to the Rest of India squad for the 2012 Irani Cup, a first-class cricket competition in India.
NKP Salve Challenger Trophy
Ojha got selected to the India A squad for the 2012-13 NKP Salve Challenger Trophy, a List-A cricket tournament in India.
Duleep Trophy
Akshath got selected to the South Zone squad for the 2012-13 Duleep Trophy, a first-class cricket tournament in India.
Irani Cup
Ojha got selected to the Rest of India squad for the 2013 Irani Cup, a first-class cricket competition in India.
Deodhar Trophy
Ashish and Vihari got selected to the South Zone squad for the 2012-13 Deodhar Trophy, a List-A cricket competition in India.
Indian Premier League
The newly formed local franchise, Sunrisers Hyderabad, which replaced the previous franchise, Deccan Chargers, retained 20 of its players including the Hyderabad's Bhandari, Akshath, Ravi Teja and Ashish and later signed Vihari in the player's draft while Ojha got retained by the Mumbai Indians and Suman got signed by the Pune Warriors for the 2013 Indian Premier League, a professional Twenty20 cricket league in India.
Ranji Trophy
The squad for the Ranji Trophy, the premier first-class cricket tournament in India, was announced on 21 October 2012 with V. V. S. Laxman, who recently announced their retirement from the international cricket, leading the Hyderabad. The Hyderabad began their campaign in the Ranji Trophy with a loss against the Punjab at Mohali on 2 November 2012. They finished at the bottom of the Group A with no wins, six draws and two losses and got relegated to the Group C for the 2013–14 Ranji Trophy.
Points Table
Group A
Top three teams advanced to knockout stage.
Bottom team relegated to Group C for 2013–14 Ranji Trophy.
Points system : Win by an innings or 10 wickets = 7, Win = 6, Draw with first innings lead = 3, Draw with first innings deficit = 1, No Result = 1, Loss = 0.
Matches
Group Stage
Statistics
Most runs
Source: Cricinfo
Most wickets
Source: Cricinfo
Vijay Hazare Trophy
The Hyderabad team, led by Pragyan Ojha, began their campaign in the Vijay Hazare Trophy, a List-A cricket tournament in India, with a loss against the Kerala at Vasco da Gama on 14 February 2013. The Kerala pacers, Sandeep Warrier and Prasanth Parameswaran troubled the Hyderabad and restricted them to 192 while 93-run knock from Rohan Prem helped the Kerala complete a six-wicket victory. In the second match, Ojha and Ashish Reddy restricted the Andhra to 202 but the Hyderabad top-order stumbled to Syed Shahabuddin before Hanuma Vihari and Habeeb Ahmed tried to recover the innings. But, their dismissals set up the win for the Andhra as Paidikalva Vijaykumar wrapped things up to defeat the Hyderabad by two runs. In a rain-hit 25-over match, Dwaraka Ravi Teja's 111 and Akash Bhandari's 78 helped the Hyderabad register an eight-wicket win by chasing the Goa's target of 226 that was set with the help of half-centuries from Swapnil Asnodkar and Sagun Kamat. The centuries from Robin Uthappa and K. L. Rahul helped the Karnataka post 305 while the four-wicket haul from S. L. Akshay helped them to recover from the 140-run partnership between Vihari and Bavanaka Sandeep and defeat the Hyderabad by 47 runs in their fourth match. In the final zonal match, century from Dinesh Karthik set a strong start for Tamil Nadu but Chama Milind struck twice to restrict Tamil Nadu to 262. The Hyderabad started the chase strongly but three run-outs in the middle and Palani Amarnath's three-wicket haul at the end hampered the Hyderabad's chase and helped the Tamil Nadu win by 26 runs as the Hyderabad finished fifth in the South Zone and failed to qualify for the knockout stage with a win and four losses.
Points Table
South Zone
Matches
Zonal Stage
Statistics
Most runs
Source: Cricinfo
Most wickets
Source: Cricinfo
Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy
The Hyderabad team, led by Akshath Reddy, began their campaign in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, a Twenty20 tournament in India, with a loss against the Kerala at Shimoga on 17 March 2013. Two run-outs and disciplined bowling by the Kerala restricted the Hyderabad to 133 while Nikhilesh Surendran's half-century anchored the chase as the Kerala won by six-wickets. In the second match, the 108-run partnership between Akshath and Tirumalasetti Suman set the platform for the Hyderabad for a big total only to be hampered by the four-wicket haul from Tekkami Atchuta Rao and restricted them to 161 while the collective batting effort from the Andhra batsmen helped the Andhra complete the chase with five-wickets to spare. In the third match, the Hyderabad bowlers started strongly dismissing the Goa openers cheaply but the knocks from Swapnil Asnodkar and Ravikant Shukla helped them to recover to 141 while Darshan Misal and their bowling unit restricted the Hyderabad to 134 and win the match for the Goa by 7 runs. Mayank Agarwal's maiden ton and four-wicket hauls from Krishnappa Gowtham and Manish Pandey set up the Karnataka's 12-run win and hand over the fourth loss for the Hyderabad in as many matches. The collective effort from Suman, Bavanaka Sandeep and Hanuma Vihari helped the Hyderabad set the target of 168 while the three-wicket haul from Akash Bhandari in the middle and Chama Milind's hat-trick at the end helped the Hyderabad secure their first win in the tournament against the Tamil Nadu by eight runs as they finished fifth in the South Zone and failed to qualify for the Super League stage with a win and four losses.
Points Table
South Zone
Top two teams advanced to the Super League.
Points system : W = 4, T/NR = 2, L = 0.
Matches
Zonal Stage
Statistics
Most runs
Source: Cricinfo
Most wickets
Source: Cricinfo
See also
Hyderabad cricket team
Hyderabad Cricket Association
References
External links
Hyderabad cricket team official site
Cricket in Hyderabad, India
Cricket in Telangana
Sport in Telangana
How Institutions Think (first published 1986) is a book that contains the published version of the Frank W. Abrams Lectures delivered by the influential cultural anthropologist Mary Douglas at Syracuse University in March 1985.
Summary
In How Institutions Think, Douglas offers a critique of the rational choice theory rooted in social anthropology and a structural functionalist approach. They aim at explaining how humans cooperate, and the role of building and maintaining institutions to shape ways of thinking useful to cooperation. To achieve this, they build on the work of Émile Durkheim and Ludwig Fleck and examples drawn from anthropology.
They argue that rational choice theory that humans cooperate because this is individually advantageous can not explain empirically observed phenomena, such as self-sacrifice or non-authoritarian, 'latent', groups. The book aims at discussing alternative explanations, such as the building of analogies to support common understandings from early human communities.
Influence
In 2019, Marc Ventresca argued this is Douglas' best-known book.
Reviews
Ian Hacking in the London Review of Books, 8/22, 18 December 1986.
Kenneth Lipartito in the Business History Review, 80/1, Spring 2006, pp. 135–140.
References
1986 books
Books by Mary Douglas
Anthropology books
Syracuse University Press books
Trevor Cooper (born 21 September 1953) is an English actor.
Background
Born 21 September 1953, Cooper studied law at Kingston Polytechnic and graduated with a master's degree in law from the University of Warwick. They taught for two years at London South Bank University before becoming an actor training at the Drama Studio London.  They are known for portraying, in their words, "bald fat blokes".
Career
Having won a Carleton Hobbs Award in 1979, Cooper had their first lead role in a 1980 radio production of The File on Leo Kaplan. Cooper appeared in the films The Whistle Blower and The Ruby in the Smoke.  They are also known for playing Colin Devis on the television series Star Cops and Gurth in the 1997 BBC dramatisation of Ivanhoe. Their other television roles include appearances in Our Friends in the North, Outnumbered, Ballot Monkeys, Doctor Who: Revelation of the Daleks, Doctors, Kingdom, Trial & Retribution, The Bill, Spooks, Vikings , Casualty, Wizards vs Aliens, The Wrong Mans and Inside No. 9 ("The Trial of Elizabeth Gadge"). They have also worked on the Kaldor City series of audio plays, and had a part in Chimerica at the Harold Pinter Theatre 2013.
In 2014, Cooper portrayed Simeon Swann in the third series of the CBBC science-fantasy series Wizards vs Aliens. Cooper starred alongside their brother Paul in the 2017 BBC Three mockumentary, This Country. The show also starred, and was written and created by, their niece and nephew, Daisy May and Charlie Cooper.
From 2017-2020, Cooper portrayed Sergeant Aubrey Woolf in the BBC One drama, Call the Midwife, leaving after the second episode in Series 9.
References
External links
Trevor Cooper at BFI
1953 births
Living people
English male film actors
Male actors from London
Alumni of Kingston University
Alumni of the University of Warwick
Alumni of the Drama Studio London
Academics of London South Bank University
English male television actors
English male voice actors
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Alden House may refer to:
In the United States
Alden House (Bentonville, Arkansas), listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Ebenezer Alden House, Union, ME, listed on the NRHP in Maine
John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites, Duxbury, MA, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Arthur Alden House, Quincy, MA, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
William E. Alden House, Southbridge, MA, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Eternity is an EP by Amplifier, released in 2008. The EP is made up of previously unreleased songs recorded between 1998 and 2003.
Track listing
"Amplified 99" – 4:46
"Area 51" – 5:44
"The Ways of Amplifier" – 6:47
"My Corrosion" – 5:49
"Departure Lounge" – 6:36
"Number One Son" – 6:05
References
External links
Lyric Contains lyrics to all Amplifier songs.
Amplifier (band) albums
2008 EPs
Louis Kaufmann Anspacher (March 1, 1878 in Cincinnati, Ohio – May 10, 1947 in Nashville, Tennessee) was an American poet, playwright and scriptwriter.
They were the author of Challenge of the Unknown: Exploring the Psychic World, with an introduction by Waldemar Kaempffert, which was published by Allen and Unwin, in the USA in 1947 by Current Books, and in Great Britain in 1952 by Henderson and Spalding.
Anspacher's poem "Ocean Ode" served as the basis of a tone poem, The Ocean, by Henry Kimball Hadley, composed between 1920 and 1921.
Plays
The Embarrassment of Riches (1906)
A Woman of Impulse (1909)
Our Children (1915)
The Unchastened Woman (1915) (*filmed in 1918 and 1925)
That Day (1922)
Dagmar (1923)
The Rhapsody (193)
References
External links
portrait of Anspacher(New York Public Library, Billy Rose collection)
1878 births
1947 deaths
American male poets
American male dramatists and playwrights
American male screenwriters
20th-century American poets
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Cincinnati
Poets from Ohio
20th-century American male writers
Screenwriters from Ohio
20th-century American screenwriters
Helle Nielsen (born 20 July 1981) is a Danish badminton player. In 1999, they won a silver and two bronzes at the European Junior Badminton Championships in Glasgow, Scotland in the girls doubles, mixed doubles and mixed team respectively.
In 2008, they won the bronze medal at the European Championships in mixed doubles with Carsten Mogensen.
Achievements
European Championships
Mixed doubles
European Junior Championships
Mixed doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix has two level such as Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF & IBF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
Helle Nielsen's Profile - Badminton.dk
Living people
1981 births
People from Brøndby Municipality
Danish female badminton players
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
Stage Door Johnny (May 22, 1965 – November 21, 1996) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for their win in the third leg of the 1968 U.S. Triple Crown series, the Belmont Stakes.
Background
Stage Door Johnny was a chestnut horse with a white blaze, owned by the Whitney family's Greentree Stable. They were sired by Prince John, a four-time leading broodmare sire in North America. Their grandsire was the important stallion Princequillo, a horse of great endurance who won several important races at longer distances. Princequillo broke the Saratoga Race Course record for 1¾ miles and their performances were such that they are considered by many to be the best long-distance runner in American racing history.
Stage Door Johnny's damsire was the Irish colt Ballymoss, winner of several races at the Belmont Stakes distance of 1½ miles including the Irish Derby, England's King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and France's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe,
Racing career
Stage Door Johnny did not run in the 1¼ mile Kentucky Derby or the 1 3/16 mile Preakness Stakes. Trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee John M. Gaver, Sr., they were bred and conditioned for success in the gruelling 1½ mile Belmont Stakes.
In 1968, a great deal of controversy swirled around the Belmont Stakes as Forward Pass had won the first two legs of the U.S. Triple Crown series as a result of the disqualification of Kentucky Derby winner Dancer's Image. The controversy filled the sporting news of every media outlet in North America and was the cover story for Sports Illustrated magazine, which referred to it as the sports story of the year. A victory by Forward Pass in the Belmont Stakes would make them the first Triple Crown winner in twenty years and many fans, experts, and CBS racing commentators felt they would be an illegitimate champion.
Ridden by Heliodoro Gustines, Stage Door Johnny ended the Triple Crown debate when they won the Belmont Stakes in 2:27 1/5 with Forward Pass second, a length and a half back. Stage Door Johnny also won the Saranac Handicap at the end of June, then July's Dwyer Handicap. At a time when three organizations voted on the various annual racing awards, the Thoroughbred Racing Association and Daily Racing Form voted Stage Door Johnny 1968's U.S. Champion 3-Yr-Old-Colt, while Forward Pass topped the poll organized by Turf & Sports Digest magazine.
Stud record
Retired to stud duty at Greentree Stud in Lexington, Kentucky, Stage Door Johnny proved a successful sire of a number of stakes race winners, including:
Johnny D. - winner of the 1977 Turf Classic Invitational Stakes who defeated some of the best horses from around the world in the Washington, D.C. International. They were voted the 1977 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Male Turf Horse.
Late Bloomer - filly who was a multiple Grade I winner and voted the 1978 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Older Female Horse
Open Call - wins included the 1981 Rothmans International Stakes
Class Play - filly who won the 1984 Coaching Club American Oaks
Damsire of:
Go for Gin, winner of the 1994 Kentucky Derby
Open Mind, won Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies, voted American Champion 2-Year-Old Filly (1988), American Champion 3-Year-Old Filly (1989)
Stage Door Johnny died in November 1996 at the age of thirty-one and is buried at Greentree Stud, now part of the Gainesway Farm property.
References
External links
video of Stage Door Johnny winning the 1968 Belmont Stakes
1965 racehorse births
1996 racehorse deaths
Whitney racehorses
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Belmont Stakes winners
Eclipse Award winners
Thoroughbred family 1-l
Chefs-de-Race
The English Baseball Association (EBA) was founded in 1892 and is the governing body of British baseball in England.
It is based in Liverpool and is a member of the International Baseball Board.
References
External links
English Baseball Association
British baseball in the United Kingdom
Base
Governing bodies of British baseball
Sports organizations established in 1892
All Their Best may refer to:
All Their Best (The Jets album)
All Their Best (Fun Factory album), 1996
Patrick Kelly (1756–1842) was a British metrologist, best known for their comparative studies of weights and measures collected in their works Universal Cambist (1811) and Oriental Metrology (1832). Kelly was Master of the Finsbury Square Academy, London. They were also instrumental in the establishment of the Imperial system of measurement through the Weights and Measures Act 1824.
Life
They were for many years master of a successful private school, the Mercantile School, in Finsbury Square, London. They were appointed mathematical examiner at Trinity House, and in 1813 had the degree of LL.D. conferred on them by the University of Glasgow. Charles Hutton's 1815 list of England's most notable private observatories included Kelly's observatory at Finsbury Square.
Kelly knew Nevil Maskelyne, John Herschel, James Hutton, and other men of science. They were consulted by committees of the House of Commons as an authority on questions of coinage and currency. They died at Brighton, 5 April 1842. A portrait of them by Harry Ashby was engraved by Thomas Woolnoth.
Bibliography
A Practical Introduction to Spherics and Nautical Astronomy; being an attempt to simplify those ... Sciences. Containing ... the discovery of a projection for clearing the lunar distances in order to find the Longitude at Sea; with a new method of calculating this ... problem. London, 1796. 8º. Reprinted 1813, 1822.
Elements of Book-keeping, both by single and double entry, comprising a system of merchants accounts, etc. London, 1801. 8º. Reprinted 1802, 1811, 1815, 1821.
The Universal Cambist, and commercial instructor; being a general treatise on exchange, including the monies, coins, weights and measures of all trading nations and colonies: with an account of their banks and paper currencies. 2 vols. London, 1811. 4º. Reprinted 1821. Second edition 1831, reprinted 1835.
Metrology; or, an exposition of weights and measures, chiefly those of Great Britain and France, comprising tables of comparison, and views of various standards, etc. [With an appendix containing a general view of the Bill for establishing uniformity of weights and measures, etc.] London, 1816. 8º.
A Dissertation on weights and measures, and the best means of revising them:, etc. London: Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy, 1817. 8º.
Oriental Metrology; comprising the monies, weights, and measures of the East Indies, and other trading places in Asia, reduced to the English standard. ... To which is added an Appendix on Oriental measures of time. London, 1832. 8º.
For Rees's Cyclopædia they wrote articles on:
Coinage, Vol 8, 1807
Exchanges, Vol 13, 1809
Standard, Vol 33, 1816
Weights, Vol 38, 1818
References
Attribution
1756 births
1842 deaths
Heads of schools in London
Metrologists
18th-century British mathematicians
19th-century British mathematicians
Kirkby Overblow is a village and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England. It is situated between Wetherby and Harrogate and lies to the west of Sicklinghall and the east of Leeds Bradford International Airport.
It has a church called All Saints and a Church of England primary school affiliated with the church. Kirkby Overblow has a bus stop, but no railway station or post office.
History
The first written reference to Kirkby Overblow appears in the Domesday Book, where it appears as Cherchebi. The Kirkby part of the name is a common prefix, simply meaning a settlement by a church, while Overblow is a corruption of Oreblow, a reference to the village's iron-smelting past.
Kirkby Overblow was a large ancient parish, which included the townships of Kearby with Netherby (including the hamlets of Kearby and Netherby), Rigton (which later became North Rigton), Sicklinghall and Stainburn. All these places became separate civil parishes in 1866. It was part of the West Riding of Yorkshire until 1974.
There are two pubs in Kirkby Overblow, the Shoulder of Mutton, which boasts a large beer garden, and the Star and Garter:
Climate
Climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year-round. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Cfb" (Marine West Coast Climate/Oceanic climate).
References
External links
Village website
Church website
All Saints C.E. Primary School
Villages in North Yorkshire
Civil parishes in North Yorkshire
Moments That Matter is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer Aaron Lines, released on June 12, 2007. It features the single "Cheaper to Keep Her". The song "Let's Get Drunk and Fight" was covered by Joe Nichols on their 2007 album Real Things.
Track listing
"Cheaper to Keep Her" (Aaron Lines, Chris Lindsey, Jessica Maros) – 3:26
"Moments That Matter" (Lines, Mark Irwin, Josh Kear) – 3:44
"Somebody's Son" (Lines) – 3:51
"Let's Get Drunk and Fight" (Lines, Lindsey, Aimee Mayo, Troy Verges) – 3:58
"When We Make Love" (Lines) – 3:40
"It Broke Off" (Lines) – 2:51
"Everyday Heroes" (Lines, Kear) – 3:44
"Just Drunk Enough" (Lines, Monty Powell) – 3:36
"Sometimes It's Summertime" (Lines, Irwin, Kear) – 2:45
"Nothing Like You" (Lines, Lindsey, Mayo, Verges) – 2:49
References
2007 albums
Aaron Lines albums
Killer Ridge () is a dark ridge rising over between Crisp Glacier and Miller Glacier in the Gonville and Caius Range, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was charted by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, and named after the killer whale, the outline of which the ridge is said to resemble.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Geis is a German . Notable people with the surname include:
Gemma Geis (born 1979), Catalan politician
George J. Geis (c.1860–1936), American Baptist minister and anthropologist
Gerald Geis (born 1933), American politician
Gilbert Geis (1925–2012), American criminologist
Irving Geis (1908–1997), American artist
Jacob Geis (1890–1972), German theatre director, screenwriter and film producer
Johannes Geis (born 1993), German footballer
Norbert Geis (born 1939), German politician
Paul Geis (born 1953), Olympic athlete
Richard E. Geis (1927–2013), American science fiction fan and writer
See also
Geis, in Irish, an idiosyncratic taboo, whether of obligation or prohibition, similar to being under a vow, with the plural having mystical connotations
Geist (disambiguation)
German-language surnames
Robert Stirling (25 October 1790 – 6 June 1878) was a Scottish clergyman and engineer. They invented the Stirling engine and was inducted into the Scottish Engineering Hall of Fame in 2014.
Background and Christian ministry
Robert Stirling was born at Fatal Fields, a location in Scotland near the village of Methven, Perthshire. A member of the Dublane side of the Stirling family, Robert was born to Patrick and Agnes Stirling. They were one of eight children that Patrick and Agnes shared. Their grandfather was Michael Stirling, most famously known for their invention of the threshing machine. Robert's father Patrick also spent time experimenting and innovating with industrial agricultural equipment.
Though Robert, like their father and grandfather, had a natural inclination for engineering, they began attending Edinburgh University in 1805 at the age of fifteen to study divinity in hopes of becoming a minister. Their brother James, who would play a major role in Stirling's future engineering endeavours, also attended Edinburgh at the age of 14. Robert concluded their studies at Edinburgh and continued in November 1809 to study at Glasgow University where, according to Keith Laidler, they studied the classics, philosophy, theology and mathematics, but probably very little science. In 1814, they returned to Edinburgh University studying divinity for a final time.
Robert was licensed to preach in the Church of Scotland in 1816 by the Presbytery of Dumbarton. In September 1816, the commissioner of the Duke of Portland granted Stirling the title of Minister as the second charge for the Laigh Kirk parish in Kilmarnock. Finally, in February 1824, Stirling was appointed as the minister of nearby Galston Parish Church where they continued their ministry until 1878.
In July 1819, Robert Stirling married Jane Rankine. Together, they had seven children, five sons and two daughters.
Engineering and science
History
Robert Stirling is considered as one of the fathers of hot air engines. Few before them ventured to build air engines, Guillaume Amontons being the first one to build a working hot air engine in 1699.
Amonton was followed in 1807 by George Cayley whose engine was of those in which the fire is enclosed, and fed by air pumped in beneath the grate in sufficient quantity to maintain combustion, while by far the largest portion of the air enters above the fire, to be heated and expanded; the whole, together with the products of combustion, then acts on the piston, and passes through the working cylinder; and the operation being one of simple mixture only, no heating surface of metal is required, the air to be heated being brought into immediate contact with the fire.
Stirling came up with a first patent for an air engine in 1816. The principle of the Stirling Air Engine differs from Cayley's, in which the air is forced through the furnace and exhausted, whereas in Stirling's engine the air works in a closed circuit. It was to it that the inventor devoted most of their attention. A two horse-power Stirling hot air engine, built in 1818 for pumping water at an Ayrshire quarry, continued to work for some time, until a careless attendant allowed the heater to become overheated. This experiment proved to the inventor that, owing to the low working pressure obtainable, the engine could only be adapted to small powers for which there was at that time no demand.
The Stirling 1816 patent was also about an "Economiser", the predecessor of the regenerator. In this patent (# 4081) they describe the "economiser" technology and several applications where such technology can be used. Out of them came a new arrangement for a hot air engine. In 1818, one engine was built to pump water from a quarry in Ayrshire, but due to technical issues, the engine was abandoned for a time.
Stirling patented a second hot air engine, together with their brother James, in 1827. They inverted the design so that the hot ends of the displacers were underneath the machinery and they added a compressed air pump so the air within could be increased in pressure to around 20 atmospheres.
The two Stirling brothers were followed shortly after in 1828 by Parkinson & Crossley and in 1829 and Arnott. These precursors, to whom John Ericsson should be added, have brought to the world the hot air engine technology and its enormous advantages over the steam engine. Each of them came with their own specific technology, and although the Stirling engine and the Parkinson & Crossley engines were quite similar, Robert Stirling distinguished themselves by inventing the regenerator, the first example of a Regenerative heat exchanger.
Parkinson and Crosley introduced the principle of using air of greater density than that of the atmosphere, and so obtained an engine of greater power in the same compass. James Stirling followed this same idea when they built the famous Dundee engine.
The Stirling patent of 1827 has been the base of the Stirling third patent of 1840. The changes against the 1827 patent were minor but essential. It was this third patent that gave the birth to the Dundee engine.
James Stirling gave a presentation of their engine before the Institution of Civil Engineers in 1845. The first engine of this kind which, after various modifications, was efficiently constructed and heated, had a cylinder of 12 inches (approx. 30 cm) in diameter, with a length of stroke of 2 feet (approx. 61 cm), and made 40 strokes or revolutions in a minute (40 rpm). This engine moved all the machinery at the Dundee Foundry Company's works for eight or ten months, and was previously found capable of raising 700,000 lbs one foot in a minute (approx. 21 HP).
Finding this power insufficient for their works, the Dundee Foundry Company erected the second engine, with a cylinder of 16 inches (approx. 40 cm) in diameter, a stroke of 4 feet (approx. 1.20 m), and making 28 strokes in a minute. This engine has now been in continual operation for upwards of two years, and has not only performed the work of the foundry in the most satisfactory manner, but has been tested (by a friction brake on a third mover) to the extent of lifting nearly 1,500,000 lbs (approx. 45 HP).
This gives a consumption of 2.7 lbs. (approx. 1.22 kg) per horse-power per hour; but when the engine was not fully burdened, the consumption was considerably under 2.5 lbs. (approx. 1.13 kg) per horse-power per hour. This performance was at the level of the best steam engines whose efficiency was about 10%. After James Stirling, such efficiency was possible only thanks to the use of the economiser (or regenerator).
Hot air engine
Robert Stirling's best known invention is the heat engine now referred to as the Stirling engine. In 1816 the Stirling brothers applied for a patent in both Scotland and England for a device they invented, a Heat Economiser. The function of this invention was to store and release heat as air circulated through its mechanisms. This differed from most heat engines which used steam as their method of storing and releasing energy.
While in Kilmarnock, they collaborated with another inventor, Thomas Morton, who provided workshop facilities for Stirling's research. By 1818 Stirling had incorporated this Heat Economiser into a piston engine that created a closed cycle heat engine, which was powered by air, a contrast to the steam engines that were predominant at the time. This updated version of the heat engine was used to pump water from a quarry. Stirling's heat engine was able to run well but was limited by the weaker metals available at the time. Due to the flimsiness of the materials used, the air vessels were eventually crushed by the high pressure of the heated air.
In 1824 Stirling sought to improve the efficiency of the heat engine by attempting to separate the air present in the economizer. This was done by making the plungers in the air engine from thin plates of metal. This was to improve airflow and offer better heating and cooling of the engine. Although this idea received a patent, it was ultimately unsuccessful in improving the heat engine's overall efficiency.
In 1840 Stirling received another patent for the heat engine after altering the design in a new attempt to increase durability. The improvements added by Stirling included the addition of rods or plates in the passage through which hot air travelled to the cold section of the engine. By having these surfaces, the air was able to be cooled to a lower temperature when travelling from the hot section of the engine to the cold section of the engine. Additionally, Stirling added cupped leather collars around the piston rods to seal gaps and minimize the leakage of air from the engine. After developing these improvements, Stirling built two of these heat engines to use at an iron foundry they managed in Dundee. One of these air engines was started in March 1843 where it ran until December 1845 when an air vessel failed. The air vessel failure could be attributed to the metals being unable to withstand the high temperatures at which the engine was running. After replacing the air vessel a couple times, the air engine was dismantled in 1847 after Stirling left the Dundee iron foundry.
In 1876 Robert Stirling wrote a letter acknowledging the importance of Henry Bessemer's new invention, the Bessemer process for the manufacture of steel. Stirling was optimistic that the new steel would improve the performance of the air engines.
Robert Stirling's development of the hot air engine was in part motivated by safety. Their engine was designed to fail far less catastrophically than the steam engines of the time while obtaining greater efficiency. Though the Stirling engine is rarely used today, its seemingly perpetual motion capability continues to draw the interest of research institutions like Los Alamos National Laboratory and NASA.
Personal life and death
On 10 July 1819, Stirling married Jane Rankine at Kilmarnock. They had seven children:
Patrick Stirling, born 29 June 1820, became a locomotive engineer
Jane Stirling, born 25 September 1821, housewife
William Stirling born 14 November 1822, became a civil engineer and railway engineer in South America
Robert Stirling, born 16 December 1824, became a railway engineer in Peru.
David Stirling, born 12 October 1828, became the Minister of Craigie, Ayrshire
James Stirling, born 2 October 1835, became a locomotive engineer
Agnes Stirling, born 22 July 1838, became an artist
Rev. Robert Stirling died in Galston, East Ayrshire on 6 June 1878.  They are buried in Galston Cemetery where a new gravestone was erected in December 2014 by public subscription replacing the original stone which was in a ruined state. It was rededicated on Sunday 3 May 2015.
Honors
On 11 January 1840, Stirling was awarded the title Doctor of Divinity by the University of St. Andrews for their excellence in ministry.
On 3 October 2014 Stirling was inducted into the Scottish Engineering Hall of Fame.
See also
Stirling cycle
Stirling engine
Applications of the Stirling engine
References
1790 births
1878 deaths
People from Perth and Kinross
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Scottish inventors
Scottish engineers
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Scottish Engineering Hall of Fame inductees
Jean Collard (11 May 1881 – 1951) was a Belgian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1881 births
1951 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Antwerp
Jack Ellis (born 20 December 1933) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
Jack Ellis's profile at Blueseum
1933 births
Carlton Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sir Henry George Outram Bax-Ironside, (15 November 1859 – 16 April 1929) was a British diplomat, ambassador to Venezuela, Chile, Switzerland and Bulgaria.
Career
Henry George Outram Bax was the only son of John Henry Bax, of Houghton-le-Spring, who had married Sarah Elizabeth Hughes, and in 1866 took the surname Bax-Ironside by royal warrant, when their son became Henry Bax-Ironside. They were educated at Eton College and Exeter College, Oxford and joined the Diplomatic Service in 1883. They served in Copenhagen, Teheran, Vienna, Cairo, and Washington, and was briefly in charge of the Central American Legation in 1897 before being appointed Secretary of the Legation at Pekin in the same year.
Bax-Ironside was First Secretary of the Legation at Stockholm from 1900 until late 1902, when they were appointed Minister Resident and Consul-General at Carácas, serving as such until 1907. They arrived in Venezuela in the months leading up to the Venezuelan crisis of 1902–1903, when the United Kingdom, Germany and Italy imposed a naval blockade against the country from December 1902 until February 1903. Shortly before the actual blockade, Bax-Ironside and other members of their legation were evacuated by a British warship.
They were Minister Plenipotentiary to Chile 1907–09, Minister Plenipotentiary to Switzerland 1909–10, and Minister Plenipotentiary to Bulgaria, 1911–15. While in Bulgaria they were "His Majesty's Special Envoy Extraordinary to attend the ceremonies to be held in commemoration of the coming of age of Their Royal Highness Prince Boris, Prince of Tarnovo, Heir to the Throne of Bulgaria" in 1912.
Henry Bax-Ironside was knighted KCMG in 1911.
Family
Bad-Ironside married at St Peter and St Sigfrid's Church in Stockholm on 15 September 1902 Märtha Hedwig Jacquette Gyldenstolpe (1874–1910), daughter of Swedish nobleman and courtier Count August Gustaf Ferson Gyldenstolpe (1839–1919) and their wife Hedvig Fredrike Alice Nieroth (1850–1927). Them brother was the ornithologist Nils Carl Gustaf Fersen Gyldenstolpe.
After the death of their first wife, in 1913, they married Fanny Agnes (Effie) Jardine, née Willoughby (1857 – c. 1931).
References
BAX-IRONSIDE, Sir Henry (George Outram), Who Was Who, A & C Black, 1920–2016 (online edition, Oxford University Press, 2014)
External links
1859 births
1929 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Exeter College, Oxford
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Venezuela
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Chile
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Switzerland
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Bulgaria
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Parasitylenchidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Tylenchida.
Genera
Genera:
Helionema Brzeski, 1962
Heteromorphotylenchus Remillet & Van Waerebeke, 1978
Heterotylenchus Bovien, 1937
References
Nematodes
Guterman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dan Guterman, Brazilian-Canadian-American television writer and producer
Gerald Guterman, American real estate developer
Lawrence Guterman (born 1966), Canadian film director
Marisa Guterman, American actor
Norbert Guterman (1900–1984), scholar and translator
Vermont Knolls is a neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, within the South Los Angeles region.
Geography
Vermont Knolls a neighborhood. The neighborhood is bounded by Florence Avenue on the north, the 110 Freeway on the east, Manchester Boulevard or the Los Angeles city limits on the south and Normandie Avenue on the west.
It is bordered by Vermont-Slauson on the north, South Park and Florence on the east, Vermont Vista and Westmont on the south and Manchester Square on the west.
History
Vermont Knolls is a subdivision of single- and multi-family homes that was initially planned by the Walter H. Leimert Company. The company subdivided it in 1928, originally calling it the Vermont Avenue Knoll, and promoted it in conjunction with Leimert Park, a larger-scale subdivision to the northwest. The subdivision was marketed as a low-price, middle-class neighborhood.
Pepperdine University
In February 1937, George Pepperdine founded Pepperdine University as a Christian liberal arts college in the Vermont Knolls neighborhood of Los Angeles. On September 21, 1937, 167 new students from 22 different states and two other countries entered classes on a newly built campus on 34 acres at West 79th Street and South Vermont Avenue.
Pepperdine University moved to a new and larger campus in Malibu, California, in September 1972. The old campus was sold to the Crenshaw Christian Center, whose minister, Frederick K.C. Price, then oversaw construction of the "FaithDome", a $9 million geodesic structure with seating for 10,145 worshipers. When it opened in 1989, it was the largest church in the nation.
Economic redevelopment
In the wake of the 1992 Los Angeles riots, the 165-acre Vermont/Manchester Recovery Redevelopment Project was adopted by CRA/LA on May 14, 1996. The project area included Vermont Avenue between 79th and 89th streets.
Vermont Shopping Center
In 1999, "Designs for Development Guidelines" were adopted for a proposed 100,000-square-foot mixed-use shopping center. The "Vermont Entertainment Village" at Vermont and Manchester Avenues officially broke ground in April 2015. A year later, development had not progressed.
Population
A total of 20,616 people lived in Vermont Knolls' 1.14 square miles, according to the 2000 U.S. census—averaging 18,057 people per square mile, among the highest population densities in the city as a whole. Population was estimated at 21,568 in 2008. The median age was 24, considered young when compared to the city as a whole. The percentages of residents aged birth to 18 were among the county's highest.
Within the neighborhood, Latinos made up 54.5% of the population, with black people at 42.6%, Asian 1.2%, white 1% and other 0.7%. Mexico and El Salvador were the most common places of birth for the 33.2% of the residents who were born abroad, an average percentage of foreign-born when compared with the city or county as a whole.
The $27,730 median household income in 2008 dollars was considered low for the city and county. The percentage of households earning $20,000 or less was high, compared to the county at large. The average household size of 3.3 people was high for the city. Renters occupied 72.1% of the housing units, and homeowners occupied the rest.
In 2000 there were 1,533 families headed by single parents, or 33.7%, the second-highest rate for any city neighborhood, after Watts.
Vermont Knolls' residents with a four-year bachelor's degree amounted to 5.4% of the population aged 25 and older in 2000, which was a low figure when compared with the city and the county at large; the percentage of those residents with less than a high school diploma was high for the county.
Government
Los Angeles Fire Department Station 46 is in Vermont Knolls.
Education
There are three schools within the Vermont Knolls boundaries.
Raymond Avenue Elementary School, LAUSD, 7511 Raymond Avenue
Loren Miller Elementary, LAUSD, 830 West 77th Street
Youth Opportunities Unlimited, LAUSD alternative, 915 West Manchester Avenue
Notable residents
Joel Wachs (born 1939)— City Council (1970–2001), president of the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts in New York City.
Maxine Waters, City Council member
References
External links
Comments about living in Vermont Knolls
University Park Family is a collaborative online community focused mainly on University Park, Expo Park and the surrounding areas.
Leimert Park Beat is a collaborative online community focused mainly on Leimert Park: The Soul of Los Angeles and the African American cultural center of the city.
81st Street Block Club of Vermont Knolls
Vermont Knolls crime map and statistics
Neighborhoods in Los Angeles
South Los Angeles
Chicano and Mexican neighborhoods in California
Aure Atika (born 12 July 1970) is a French actor, writer and director.
Life and career
The daughter of Jewish-Moroccan Ode Atika Bitton and Frenchman Michel Fournier (his father was born in Algeria from the Aimeur family of film actors and directors), Atika was born in Portugal and grew up in Paris. They won the 2004 Best French-Language Short Film Award at the Créteil International Women's Film Festival for À quoi ça sert de voter écolo? (What's the Point of Voting Green?) (2003) and was nominated for the 2010 César Award for Best Supporting Actress for Mademoiselle Chambon (2009). Atika has one daughter, Angelica (February 2002), with Philippe Zdar of house music group, Cassius.
Filmography
Film
As director
Television
TV guest appearances
Awards and nominations
award, 2004 Prix de la Fondation Beaumarchais, best short film, for À quoi ça sert de voter écolo? (2003).
nomination, 2010 César du cinéma, for best supporting actor, for Mademoiselle Chambon (2009).
nomination, 2014 Trophée francophone, for best actor, for Nesma (2013).
References
Further reading
External links
1970 births
Living people
French people of Moroccan-Jewish descent
French people of Portuguese-Jewish descent
Jewish French actores
Jewish Portuguese actores
French film actores
French film directors
French women writers
French television actores
20th-century French actores
21st-century French actores
People from Cascais
French women film directors
Portuguese people of Moroccan-Jewish descent
Portuguese people of French descent
Theories of consumption have been a part of the field of sociology since its earliest days, dating back, at least implicitly, to the work of Karl Marx in the mid-to-late nineteenth century. Sociologists view consumption as central to everyday life, identity and social order. Many sociologists associate it with social class, identity, group membership, age and stratification as it plays a huge part in modernity. Thorstein Veblen's (1899) The Theory of the Leisure Class is generally seen as the first major theoretical work to take consumption as its primary focus. Despite these early roots, research on consumption began in earnest in the second half of the twentieth century in Europe, especially Great Britain. Interest in the topic among mainstream US sociologists was much slower to develop and it is still not a focal concern of many American sociologists. Efforts are currently underway to form a section in the American Sociological Association devoted to the study of consumption.
However, over the last twenty years, sociological research into the area of consumption has burgeoned in cognate fields, particularly in global and cultural studies:
Modern theorists of consumption include Jean Baudrillard, Pierre Bourdieu, and George Ritzer.
See also
Consumer theory
Consumerism
Hypermobility (travel)
Overconsumption
Waste
References
Further reading
Rey, P; Ritzer, G.(2011) "The Sociology of Consumption", The Wiley-Blackwell Companion to Sociology, pp. 444.
Stebbins, Robert A. Leisure and Consumption: Common Ground, Separate Worlds. Houndmills, Basingstoke, UK: Palgrave Macmillan, 2009.
Consumption
Sociological terminology
Enfield may refer to:
Places
Australia
Enfield, New South Wales
Enfield, South Australia
Electoral district of Enfield, a state electoral district in South Australia, corresponding to the suburb
Enfield High School (South Australia)
Enfield, Victoria
Canada
Enfield, Nova Scotia
Rural Municipality of Enfield No. 194, Saskatchewan
England
Middlesex and Greater London
Enfield, London, a town and former ancient parish in the historic county of Middlesex
Enfield Chase
Enfield F.C.
Enfield Highway
Enfield Lock
Enfield poltergeist, a claim of supernatural activity between 1977 and 1979
Enfield Town, the historic centre of Enfield, chartered as a market town in 1303
Enfield-chantry school, chantry school in Enfield from circa 1398–1558, and the predecessor of Enfield Grammar School
Enfield County School, girls' comprehensive school, established 1909
Enfield Grammar School, boys' secondary school, established 1558
Enfield Town F.C., a breakaway football club from Enfield FC, established in 2001
St Andrew's Enfield, the church of the ancient parish of Enfield
Enfield Wash
Enfield East (UK Parliament constituency), House of Commons constituency between 1950 and 1974
Enfield North (UK Parliament constituency), House of Commons constituency since 1974
Enfield Southgate (UK Parliament constituency), House of Commons constituency since 1950
Enfield (UK Parliament constituency), House of Commons constituency between 1885 and 1950
Enfield West (UK Parliament constituency), House of Commons constituency between 1950 and 1974
London Borough of Enfield, local authority district since 1965
Municipal Borough of Enfield, local authority district covering the ancient parish of Enfield between 1850 and 1965
Lancashire
Enfield Cricket Club, a Lancashire League cricket team
Worcestershire
Enfield, Worcestershire, a district of Redditch named after the former Royal Enfield headquarters
Ireland
Enfield, County Meath, a small town
United States
Enfield, Connecticut
Enfield High School
Enfield, Illinois
Enfield, Maine
Enfield, Massachusetts, former town
Enfield, New Hampshire, a town
Enfield (CDP), New Hampshire, a village and census-designated place in the town
Enfield, New York
Enfield, North Carolina
Military
Enfield revolver
Lee–Enfield, magazine rifle
M1917 Enfield, rifle
Pattern 1853 Enfield, rifle musket
Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield
Snider–Enfield, a breech-loading rifle
People
Enfield (surname), list of people with this name
Other uses
Enfield (heraldry)
Royal Enfield, the brand of the Enfield Cycle Company, an English engineering company which made motorcycles
Royal Enfield (India), an Indian motorcycle company using the British Royal Enfield brand
Enfield Automotive
Enfield 8000
Enfield Tennis Academy, a fictional Boston-area sports academy in David Foster Wallace's novel Infinite Jest
Enfield Formation, a rock unit in New York
See also
EN postcode area
Enfield station (disambiguation)
The 8th Congress of the Workers' Party of Korea was held at the April 25 House of Culture in Pyongyang from 5 to 12 January 2021. A total of 7,000 people participated in the congress including 5,000 delegates. The Party Congress took place in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic where no cases were reported.
Preparations
Hints of an upcoming 8th WPK Congress first emerged during the 13th Political Bureau meeting of the 7th WPK Central Committee held on 7 June 2020. The meeting mentioned a drafting of an amendment of the WPK Charter, which can only be approved through either a party congress or a party conference.
The congress was announced through a decision issued at the 6th plenary meeting of the 7th WPK Central Committee on 19 August 2020. Among the congress agendas are the review of the work of the WPK Central Committee, the review of the work of the Central Auditing Commission, the revision of the WPK Charter and the election of the central leadership organ.
WPK Chairman Kim Jong-un also revealed during the plenary meeting that a new five-year economic development plan is going to be presented at the congress after mentioning that the current five-year economic development plan has fallen far short of its objectives.
Ahead of the party congress, an 80-day mass mobilization campaign was announced at the 19th Political Bureau meeting of the 7th WPK Central Committee on 5 October 2020. The campaign took place from 12 October until 30 December 2020.
On 29 November 2020, the 21st enlarged Political Bureau meeting of the 7th WPK Central Committee was held which discussed preparatory work for the party congress, which included the preparations for the election of delegates to the party congress, the documents for the party congress and the political and cultural events to be held during the party congress. According to analysts, there will likely be a military and civilian parade sometime during the congress.
The Political Bureau of the 7th WPK Central Committee decided during its 22nd meeting on 29 December 2020 that the party congress is to be convened in early January 2021. A separate report from the Korean Central News Agency on 30 December confirmed that the party congress is to be held in Pyongyang.
Delegates
Delegates to the 8th WPK Congress were elected in conferences of provincial party committees and other party organizations in December 2020. They were elected on the basis of one delegate with voting rights for every 1,300 party members and one delegate with speaking rights for every 1,300 candidate party members. Elected party congress delegates arrived in Pyongyang in late December 2020.
The qualifications of party congress delegates were evaluated and approved by the 22nd Political Bureau meeting of the 7th WPK Central Committee on 29 December 2020. The meeting also decided on the members of the party congress' presidium, platform members and secretariat.
A ceremony for awarding certificates to party congress delegates was held on 30 December 2020. Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il were posthumously declared to be delegates to the party congress.
There was a total of 5,000 delegates to the 8th WPK Congress. Of the 5,000 delegates, 250 were members of the 7th WPK Central Committee and 4,750 delegates were elected by party conferences to represent an estimated 6,175,000 party members and candidate members.
501 delegates were women, which is an increase of 186 from the 315 women delegates in the 7th Congress. There were also 2,000 observers, which is an increase of 613 from 1,387 observers in the 7th Congress.
Korean Social Democratic Party chairperson Pak Yong-il, Chondoist Chongu Party chairperson Ri Myong-chol, and Anti-Imperialist National Democratic Front Pyongyang mission chief Pak Su-chol were invited to attend the congress.
The following delegates were elected as members of the party congress' presidium:
Kim Jong-un, Choe Ryong-hae, Ri Pyong-chol, Kim Tok-hun, Pak Pong-ju, Pak Jong-chon, Kim Jae-ryong, Ri Il-hwan, Choe Hwi, Pak Thae-dok, Kim Yong-chol, Choe Pu-il, Kim Su-gil, Thae Hyong-chol, O Su-yong, Kim Hyong-jun, Ho Chol-man, Pak Myong-sun, Jo Yong-won, Kim Yo-jong, Pak Jong-nam, Yang Sung-ho, Ri Ju-o, Tong Jong-ho, Ko In-ho, Kim Hyong-sik, Choe Sang-gon, O Il-jong, Kim Yong-su, Ri Sang-won, Ri Yong-gil, Kim Myong-gil, Kang Yun-sok
The following delegates were elected as members of the party congress' secretariat:
Sin Ryong Man, Ham Ryong Chol, So Kyong Nam, Kim Pong Chol, Kang Jong Gwan, Kim Jong Min, Ri Hyong Jin
Agenda of the Congress
The general agenda for the 8th Party Congress were as follows:
Review on the activities of the outgoing 7th Central Committee
Review on the activities of the 7th Central Auditing Commission
Amendments to the Rules
Election of Kim Jong-un as leader of the Party in the title of General Secretary
Election of the incoming 8th Central Committee and the party departments under the CC
References
External links
Politics of North Korea
2021 in North Korea
2021 conferences
Congresses of the Workers' Party of Korea
Gregory Alan Best (born July 23, 1964, in Lynchburg, Virginia) is an equestrian competitor and coach in the sport of show jumping who won two silver medals for the United States in the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in Seoul, South Korea riding the famous Gem Twist. In 1992, Best suffered a fall that shattered their shoulder. After this, they moved to New Zealand, where they rode for the New Zealand League, winning the World Cup Series. They have also served as a New Zealand National Show Jumping Selector, a National Show Jumping Coach and a member of the New Zealand Show Jumping High Performance Committee. Best coached New Zealand's jumpers for the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens. Between 1987 and 2003, Best also garnered 6 FEI World Cup wins. They now conduct coaching clinics in the United States, Canada and New Zealand. Along with Gem Twist, horses named Santos and Entrepreneur have been among their champion mounts.
Best graduated from Gill St. Bernard's School in 1982. They have been a resident of Flemington, New Jersey.
Accomplishments
1984 – Won the North American Young Rider Championships
1985 – USET Talent Derby
1986 – USET Foundation Lionel Guerrand-Hermès Memorial Award
1987 – American Grand Prix Association Champion, Grand Prix of Florida, Grand Prix of Tampa
1987 – Team silver Pan American Games
1988 – Individual and team silver for show jumping in Seoul Summer Olympic Games
1990 – Final four in the World Equestrian Games
2001/2002 season – winner FEI World Cup Jumping – Pacific League – New Zealand
References
1964 births
Living people
American show jumping riders
American male equestrians
Gill St. Bernard's School alumni
People from Flemington, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Lynchburg, Virginia
Sportspeople from Hunterdon County, New Jersey
Equestrians at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in equestrian
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in equestrian
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Equestrians at the 1987 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Zamora: Tierra y hombres libres () is a 2009 film directed by Venezuelan director Román Chalbaud. The film is named after and depicts Ezequiel Zamora, general of the liberals during the Federal War in Venezuela between 1859 and 1863.
Cast
Reception
Venezuelan film critic Sergio Monsalve said that the movie, along with Chalbaud's late work El Caracazo, Días de poder and La planta insolente, tarnished Chalbaud's career and accomplishments as a filmmaker, saying that they were produced to please the Bolivarian Revolution and the ruling party.
References
External links
Zamora ¡Tierra y hombres libres! in Film Affinity
2009 films
Venezuelan drama films
Films set in 1859
2000s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Román Chalbaud
Baxter County is a county in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the county's population was 41,513. The county seat is Mountain Home. It is Arkansas's 66th county, formed on March 24, 1873, and named for Elisha Baxter, the tenth governor of Arkansas.
The Mountain Home, AR, Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Baxter County. It is in the northern part of the state, bordering Missouri. It is commonly referred to as the Twin Lakes Area because it is bordered by two of Arkansas' largest lakes, Bull Shoals Lake and Norfork Lake. On its southern border is the White River, Norfork Tailwater and the Buffalo National River.
Mountain Home, a small town whose origins date back to the early 19th century, is located in north-central Arkansas on a plateau in the Ozark Mountains. The natural environment of nearby Norfork and Bull Shoals lakes and the surrounding countryside has attracted tourists from around the country for many years. Educational institutions have also played a role in the life of the community.
Geography
Baxter County is located within the Salem Plateau, a subregion of the Ozark Mountains. Land near Bull Shoals Lake, Norfork Lake, and along the White River are within the White River Hills subregion, known for steep, rocky soils, spring-fed mountain streams, and oak-hickory-pine forest. Eastern Baxter County and a small area around Mountain Home are within the Central Plateau subregion, known for comparatively flatter terrain more suited for hayfields, pastures, and housing, as well as karst.
The county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.5%) is water.
The county is located approximately southeast of Springfield, Missouri, north of Little Rock, and southeast of St. Louis, Missouri. Baxter County is surrounded by sparsely populated Ozark counties on all sides: Fulton County to the east, Izard County to the southeast, Stone County to the south, Searcy County to the southwest, Marion County to the west, and Ozark County, Missouri to the north.
Hydrology
Baxter County is within the White River watershed. The river has several important milestones in Baxter County: beginning along the western boundary of Baxter County, the White River is impounded to form the Bull Shoals Lake reservoir by Bull Shoals Dam, which spans the Baxter-Marion county line. South of the dam, the White River forms the western boundary of Baxter-Marion county line until Buffalo City, when the Buffalo National River empties into the White, with the White continuing across Baxter County from west to east. South of Salesville, the North Fork of White River empties into the White via the Norfork Tailwater downstream of Norfork Dam. Within the county, Barren Fork, Big Creek, Bruce Creek, Hightower Creek, Leatherwood Creek, and Moccasin Creek are important watercourses.
Protected areas
National protected areas
Buffalo National River (part)
Ozark National Forest (part)
Leatherwood Wilderness
Ozark Highlands Trail
State protected areas
Bull Shoals-White River State Park
Norfork Lake WMA
Sylamore WMA
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 41,627 people, 18,435 households, and 11,964 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 38,386 people, 17,052 households, and 11,799 families residing in the county. The population density was 69 people per square mile (27/km2). There were 19,891 housing units at an average density of 36 per square mile (14/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.81% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.52% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.22% from other races, and 0.97% from two or more races. 1.00% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 17,052 households, out of which 22.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.00% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.80% were non-families. 27.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.65.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 19.00% under the age of 18, 5.80% from 18 to 24, 21.10% from 25 to 44, 27.40% from 45 to 64, and 26.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 48 years. For every 100 females there were 92.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,106, and the median income for a family was $34,578. Males had a median income of $25,976 versus $18,923 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,859. About 7.90% of families and 11.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.70% of those under age 18 and 8.90% of those age 65 or over.
As of 2010 Baxter County had a population of 41,513. The racial makeup was 95.96% Non-Hispanic whites, 0.16% blacks, 0.56% Native Americans, 0.41% Asians, 0.04% Pacific Islanders, 1.25% Non-Hispanics reporting more than one race and 1.66% Hispanic or Latino.
Human resources
Education
The 2019 American Community Survey found 88.7% of Baxter County residents over age 25 held a high school degree or higher and 17.9% holding a bachelor's degree or higher. Baxter County exceeded statewide and nationwide averages for high school attainment (86.6% and 88.0%, respectively), but lags far behind on bachelor's degree attainment (23.0% and 32.1%, respectively).
Primary and secondary education
Three public school districts are based in Baxter County; Mountain Home School District is the largest school district in Baxter County, with Cotter School District serving the Cotter-Gassville area and the Norfork School District serving the southeast side of the county. Successful completion of the curriculum of these schools leads to graduation from Mountain Home High School, Cotter High School, or Norfork High School respectively. All three high schools are accredited by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Small areas in Baxter County are served by the Viola School District and Calico Rock School District.
Government and politics
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Arkansas and the Arkansas Code. The quorum court is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are called justices of the peace and are elected from county districts every even-numbered year. The number of districts in a county vary from nine to fifteen based on population, and district boundaries are drawn by the Baxter County Election Commission. The Baxter County Quorum Court has eleven members. Presiding over quorum court meetings is the county judge, who serves as the chief operating officer of the county. The county judge is elected at-large and does not vote in quorum court business, although capable of vetoing quorum court decisions.
Communities
Cities
Briarcliff
Cotter
Gassville
Lakeview
Mountain Home (county seat)
Norfork
Salesville
Town
Big Flat (partly in Searcy County)
Census designated places
Buffalo City
Gamaliel
Henderson
Midway
Other unincorporated communities
Buford
Clarkridge
Jordan/Rodney, Ark
Braircliff, Arkansas-Baxter
Townships
Infrastructure
Major highways
US 62
US 412
U.S. Route 62 Business
Arkansas Highway 5
Arkansas Highway 14
Arkansas Highway 101
Arkansas Highway 126
Arkansas Highway 177
Arkansas Highway 178
Arkansas Highway 201
Arkansas Highway 202
Arkansas Highway 201 Spur
Arkansas Highway 263
Arkansas Highway 341
Arkansas Highway 342
Arkansas Highway 345
Notable residents
Richard Antrim – naval rear admiral, World War II veteran and Medal of Honor recipient
Lonnie D. Bentley – professor and the head of the Department of Computer and Information Technology at Purdue University
Robbie Branscum – writer of children's books and young adult fiction
Johnny R. Key - member of the Arkansas State Senate from Baxter County since 2009
Richard A. Knaak – author of Minotaur Wars and other contributions to Dragonlance
William U. McCabe, represented Baxter County in the Arkansas Senate from 1921 to 1924, and in the Arkansas House of Representatives in 1931 until their death
Carolyn D. Wright – poet, born in Mountain Home
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Baxter County, Arkansas
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Baxter County government's website
Ozark Amateur Radio Club - website
1873 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1873
John Henry Lorimer (12 August 1856 – 4 November 1936) was a Scottish painter who worked on portraits and genre scenes of everyday life.
Life
Lorimer was born in Edinburgh, the son of James Lorimer, who was Regius Professor of Public Law at Edinburgh University from 1862 to 1890. They were educated at Edinburgh Academy, Edinburgh University and in 1875 at the Royal Scottish Academy, taught by William McTaggart and George Paul Chalmers. This was followed by a period spent in Paris studying with Carolus-Duran. Their younger brother was the renowned architect Sir Robert Lorimer, who they sketched and painted throughout their life along with their sisters. Lorimer's first portrait was of their mother Hannah, completed in 1875 when they were 19 years old.
Lorimer travelled throughout Spain, Italy and Algiers between 1877 and 1891. They exhibited at the Royal Scottish Academy from 1873 and at the Royal Academy from 1878. Significant amongst their works are The Ordination of Elders in a Scottish Kirk, which hangs in the National Gallery of Scotland, Spring Moonlight, which hangs in Kirkcaldy Museum and Art Gallery and was the favourite painting of the readers of the local newspaper The Fife Free Press, and Kellie Castle Garden, which was sold at auction in 2000 for £32,900. Their portraits include those of Lyon Playfair, Joseph Lister, Peter Hately Waddell and Frederick Guthrie Tait.
Lorimer was elected an associate of the Royal Scottish Academy in 1882 and made a full academician in 1900. They showed 123 works at the Royal Scottish Academy and 43 works at the Royal Academy in London.
In 1878 the Lorimer family acquired the lease of Kellie Castle in Fife and began its restoration for use as a holiday home. Many of Lorimer's paintings included Kellie Castle as a subject or as a setting; their studio was in one of the towers and looked out over the garden. Kellie Castle became the permanent family home, after purchase in 1948 by Robert Lorimer's son, the sculptor Hew Lorimer. The castle is owned today by the National Trust for Scotland who maintain a changing exhibition of their works, plus those of their brother, Robert Lorimer and nephew, Hew Lorimer.
In later life they lived at 1 Bruntsfield Crescent in Edinburgh in a large house remodelled by their brother Robert Lorimer who also lived there together with their sister Louise Lorimer. The artist Robert Gibb lived next door at 2 Bruntsfield Crescent at that time.
They were a Vice-President of the Edinburgh Astronomical Association (now known as the Astronomical Society of Edinburgh) and left a bequest to them on their death. The Lorimer Medal of the Astronomical Society of Edinburgh is now awarded in their name, the first being presented to Sir James Jeans in 1937.
John Henry Lorimer died at Gyles House, Pittenweem, Fife, on 4 November 1936.
 They are buried with their parents and siblings in the family grave in the extreme south-west corner of the remote Newburn Churchyard in rural Fife.
Notes
External links
John Henry Lorimer on the Gazetteer for Scotland
Biography on National Gallery for Scotland
1856 births
1936 deaths
19th-century Scottish painters
Scottish male painters
20th-century Scottish painters
Artists from Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish portrait painters
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
19th-century Scottish male artists
20th-century Scottish male artists
Robert Holden (17 December 1958 – 31 May 1996) was a motorcycle road racer from New Zealand.
Biography
Born in Norland, near Sowerby Bridge, Yorkshire in 1958, Holden emigrated from England to New Zealand with their family in 1973.
They were the most successful of all Ducati Supermono racers. In 1994 Holden placed second in the Isle of Man TT, then returned to the 1995 Isle of Man TT to win the singles title. Holden also won in Ireland's North West 200 Supermono class in 1995. Holden died the following year in practice at the Isle of Man TT while riding a Ducati 916.
Holden would ride up to four different machines stepping off their Superbike onto a 250 Production machine then straight onto a 600 sports production bike followed by 15 laps and their Rotax 250 GP bike, it seemed at the time that Holden's only rest was during the sidecar race although they did passenger for Kevin Maxwell for a season of road racing on one.
. They were helped early on in their career by Steve Dundon from Wellington Motorcycle Centre the combination of Dundon's experience and technical skills and Holden's hard riding led to many NZ titles.
One of Holden's more famous exploits was known as "The Holden Sign" incident. This happened at the Manfeild Autocourse in Feilding. While leading the Open Production Race on their 1135 GSX Suzuki, they crashed at 200 km/h, the bike slid and cartwheeled through a large sign advertising "Holden" cars. The whole incident was televised and was shown on the 6 o'clock news. Holden was unhurt and walked back to the pits to the applause of the crowd.
Later on in their career, Holden teamed up with retired Ducati racer turned team manager Dallas Rankine. The BMS team supplied Holden with four-valve Ducati 916 motorcycles and a Ducati Supermono. Some of New Zealand's best racing was seen during the early nineties between Holden on the Ducati and Andrew Stroud on the famous Britten V1000. Holden's death at the Isle of Man in 1996 was a devastating loss for New Zealand racing. Dallas Rankine withdrew from all professional involvement in racing after losing their rider and close friend.
The Robert Holden Memorial feature race at the famous Cemetery Circuit meeting in Wanganui, New Zealand is named in their honour.
References
1958 births
1996 deaths
People from Sowerby Bridge
English emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand motorcycle racers
Isle of Man TT riders
Motorcycle racers who died while racing
Sport deaths in the Isle of Man
The 16th Annual D.I.C.E. Awards is the 16th edition of the D.I.C.E. Awards, an annual awards event that honors the best games in the video game industry. The awards are arranged by the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences (AIAS), and were held at the Red Rock Casino, Resort & Spa in Las Vegas, Nevada on . It was also held as part of the Academy's 2013 D.I.C.E. Summit, and was hosted by stand up comedian Chris Hardwick.
Journey received the most nominations and won the most awards, including Game of the Year. Sony Computer Entertainment published the most nominees and published the most award winners.
Gabe Newell, founder of Valve Corporation and lead developer of the digital store front, Steam, received the of the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Hall of Fame Award. Infocom co-founders Marc Blank and Dave Lebling both received the Pioneer Award.
Winners and Nominees
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger ().
Special Awards
Hall of Fame
Gabe Newell
Pioneer
Marc Blank
Dave Lebling
Games with multiple nominations and awards
The following 16 games received multiple nominations:
The following three games received multiple awards:
Companies with multiple nominations
Companies that received multiple nominations as either a developer or a publisher.
Companies that received multiple awards as either a developer or a publisher.
External links
References
2013 awards
2013 awards in the United States
February 2013 events in the United States
2012 in video gaming
D.I.C.E. Award ceremonies
The Bertrand F. Harrison Arboretum, also known as the Brigham Young University Arboretum, is an arboretum located on a hill beside at 800 North Street on the campus of Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, United States. It includes a native plants from both eastern and western regions of the United States. It also has a duck pond and a stream, as well as a brick path that winds through the garden.
The arboretum is named after Bertrand F. Harrison, a botany professor at BYU who retired in 1974. Its amphitheater was donated by BYU's classes of 1980 and 1981. Trees in the arboretum were originally planted to reflect the geography of the United States.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
External links
Arboreta in Utah
Botanical gardens in Utah
Arboretum
Protected areas of Utah County, Utah
Tourist attractions in Provo, Utah
Rajesh Tandon () is an Indian practitioner of participatory research and development. Their work in this field has focused on relationships between the researcher and researched subjects.
Early life and education
Rajesh Tandon was born in a middle-class family in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh and did their schooling there. They went to IIT Kanpur to study Electronics Engineer. They completed their post graduation in management from IIM Calcutta. They received their PhD from Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, United States.
Career
They started their professional career in the development sector as an active intervener in the processes of social change in rural areas of India. While working with villagers on educational training, they observed the power of new learning opportunities in the hands of those who have otherwise been denied such access.
They founded the Society for Participatory Research in Asia PRIA as a vehicle to strengthen learning opportunities at the grassroots level and to articulate knowledge for wider social influence, in 1982. They developed participatory training, monitoring, and evaluation methodologies supported by and to enhance adult learning and community knowledge.
Their contributions revolve around issues of participatory research, advocating for people centered development, policy reform and networking in India, South-Asia and beyond. They have advocated for a self-reliant, autonomous and competent voluntary sector in India and abroad. Building alliances and partnerships among diverse sectors in societal development is another current area of their work.
Positions of responsibilities
They have held various positions of responsibilities within India as well as abroad.
2000 - Present
Co-Chair, UNESCO Chair on Community Based Research and Social Responsibility in Higher Education.
Chairperson of GACER network. PRIA is also the nodal organization for the South East Asia of the Alliance.The representatives of universities, networks and civil society organizations created The Global Alliance on Community-Engaged Research (GACER) in May 2008. The main objective of the Alliance is to facilitate the sharing of knowledge and information across continents and countries to enable interaction and collaboration to further the application and impact of community-based research for a sustainable just future for the people of the world.
Chaired session on University - Community Engagement for Societal Change and Development: Possibilities and Challenges at the UNESCO World Conference on Higher Education, 5–8 July 2009 at Paris.
Chair, External Advisory Committee, Office of Community Based Research (OCBR), University of Victoria, Canada, 2006.
Chairperson, International Forum on Capacity Building of Southern NGOs, 1998 - 2002.
2000 - 1995
President Asian-South Pacific Bureau of Adult Education (ASPBAE), New Delhi, 1991 - 2000.
1995 - 1990
Vice-President, International Council for Adult Education (ICAE), Canada, 1986 - 1994.
Awards and honors
Awarded Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree by the University of Victoria in 2008 in recognition of their pioneering work in the area of civic engagement, governance and community based research.
First Indian to be inducted to the International Adult and Continuing Education (IACE) Hall of Fame (class of 2010).
Awarded Social Justice Medal by National Legal Services Authority and Institute for Gender Justice (2007).
Named by the United Nations as one of the significant social leaders of our times.
Winner of Nehru Literacy Award, 2015.
Books
They have authored more than 100 articles, a dozen books and numerous training manuals on themes such as democratic governance, civic engagement, civil society, governance and management of NGOs, participatory research and people-centered development. They have authored/co-authored several books, including
Community University Research Partnerships: A Global Perspective (2015)
Global Governance, Civil Society and Participatory Democracy: A View from Below (2014)
Civil Society and Governance (2003)
"Reviving Democracy" (2003)
Voluntary Action, Civil Society and the State (2002)
In addition to these, they have also co-edited several books, including
Higher Education and Community-Based Research: Creating a Global Vision (2014)
Globalizing Citizens: New Dynamics of Inclusion and Exclusion (2010)
Participatory Citizenship: Identity, Exclusion, Inclusion (2006)
Participatory Research: Revisiting the Roots (2002)
Personal life
They were married to social worker Martha Farrell. They were one of the four Indians killed in the 2015 Park Palace guesthouse attack. An expert on women's empowerment, Farrell was running a series of workshops on "gender mainstreaming" in Afghanistan for locals and government officials.
The Martha Farrell Foundation has been set up to carry forward Martha's spirit and legacy by advancing their work on gender mainstreaming and adult education, with the overall goal of achieving gender equality in India and around the world.
References
External links
PRIA Website
UNESCO Chair Website
Martha Farrell Foundation Website
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Indian Institute of Management Calcutta alumni
IIT Kanpur alumni
People from Kanpur
People from Uttar Pradesh
People from New Delhi
1951 births
Living people
Ingrīda is a Latvian feminine given name, a cognate of the name Ingrid, and may refer to:
Ingrīda Amantova (born 1960), Latvian luger
Ingrīda Andriņa (1944–2015), Latvian actor
Ingrīda Circene (born 1956), Latvian politician
Ingrīda Kadaka (born 1967), Latvian artist, book designer and illustrator
Ingrīda Priedīte (born 1954), Latvian chess Grandmaster
Ingrīda Ūdre (born 1958), Latvian politician
Ingrīda Verbele (born 1948), Latvian sprinter
References
Latvian feminine given names
Feminine given names
Sphodromantis annobonensis is a species of praying mantis in the family Mantidae. It occurs on the island of Annobón, Equatorial Guinea.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Annobonensis
Mantodea of Africa
Fauna of Annobón
Insects described in 1967
This is a non-exhaustive list of Moldova women's international footballers – association football players who have appeared at least once for the senior Moldova women's national football team.
Players
See also
Moldova women's national football team
References
Moldova women's international footballers
Moldova
Association football player non-biographical articles
Demerick Montae "Erick" Strickland (born November 25, 1973) is an American professional basketball player formerly in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Born in Opelika, Alabama, Strickland attended Bellevue West High School in Bellevue, Nebraska, then played their college basketball career at the University of Nebraska. They were the 2nd all-time scorer for Class A Nebraska basketball. Strickland was undrafted in the 1996 NBA Draft, but caught on as a free agent with the Dallas Mavericks, where they spent four seasons and averaged a career-high 12.8 points per game in . They later played for the New York Knicks, Vancouver Grizzlies, Boston Celtics, Indiana Pacers and Milwaukee Bucks, averaging 7.5 points per game throughout their nine-year NBA career.
Strickland also played two seasons of minor league baseball. They played in the Gulf Coast League with the Gulf Coast Marlins in 1992 and in the New York–Penn League with the Elmira Pioneers in 1993. Despite being a full two years younger than the average batter in their league in 1993, they led the Pioneers in triples and finished second in stolen bases and bases on balls.
Career Statistics
NBA
Regular Season
|-
| align="left" | 1996–97
| align="left" | Dallas
| 28 || 15 || 27.1 || .398 || .304 || .813 || 3.2 || 2.4 || 1.0 || 0.2 || 10.6
|-
| align="left" | 1997–98
| align="left" | Dallas
| 67 || 19 || 22.5 || .357 || .294 || .774 || 2.4 || 2.5 || 0.8 || 0.1 || 7.6
|-
| align="left" | 1998–99
| align="left" | Dallas
| 33 || 2 || 17.2 || .403 || .305 || .815 || 2.5 || 1.9 || 1.2 || 0.1 || 7.5
|-
| align="left" | 1999–00
| align="left" | Dallas
| 68 || 67 || 29.8 || .433 || .392 || .831 || 4.8 || 3.1 || 1.5 || 0.2 || 12.8
|-
| align="left" | 2000–01
| align="left" | New York
| 28 || 0 || 15.0 || .305 || .340 || .857 || 1.9 || 1.0 || 0.8 || 0.0 || 4.3
|-
| align="left" | 2000–01
| align="left" | Vancouver
| 22 || 0 || 18.6 || .301 || .292 || .863 || 3.5 || 3.0 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 6.4
|-
| align="left" | 2001–02
| align="left" | Boston
| 79 || 4 || 20.8 || .389 || .385 || .845 || 2.7 || 2.3 || 0.7 || 0.0 || 7.7
|-
| align="left" | 2002–03
| align="left" | Indiana
| 71 || 10 || 18.0 || .429 || .388 || .805 || 2.0 || 2.9 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 6.5
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 43 || 0 || 13.3 || .403 || .439 || .863 || 1.7 || 2.1 || 0.6 || 0.0 || 5.4
|-
| align="left" | 2004–05
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 62 || 5 || 16.4 || .375 || .253 || .813 || 1.7 || 1.9 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 4.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 501 || 122 || 20.3 || .392 || .351 || .826 || 2.6 || 2.4 || 0.8 || 0.1 || 7.5
|}
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2001–02
| align="left" | Boston
| 12 || 0 || 9.8 || .282 || .200 || 1.000 || 1.1 || 1.4 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 2.9
|-
| align="left" | 2002–03
| align="left" | Indiana
| 5 || 0 || 8.4 || .429 || .200 || .800 || 1.4 || 1.6 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 4.2
|-
| align="left" | 2003–04
| align="left" | Milwaukee
| 3 || 0 || 13.7 || .417 || .000 || 1.000 || 1.7 || 3.0 || 0.7 || 0.0 || 4.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 20 || 0 || 10.1 || .338 || .167 || .913 || 1.3 || 1.7 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 3.5
|}
College
|-
| align="left" | 1992–93
| align="left" | Nebraska
| 31 || 6 || 17.2 || .454 || .364 || .729 || 2.0 || 2.1 || 1.5 || 0.1 || 7.8
|-
| align="left" | 1993–94
| align="left" | Nebraska
| 30 || 13 || 22.4 || .423 || .350 || .811 || 3.4 || 3.2 || 2.0 || 0.4 || 10.7
|-
| align="left" | 1994–95
| align="left" | Nebraska
| 31 || 31 || 30.4 || .444 || .338 || .727 || 5.4 || 4.3 || 2.9 || 0.2 || 16.3
|-
| align="left" | 1995–96
| align="left" | Nebraska
| 35 || 34 || 31.1 || .436 || .351 || .823 || 4.9 || 3.4 || 1.7 || 0.3 || 14.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 127 || 84 || 25.5 || .439 || .349 || .776 || 4.0 || 3.3 || 2.0 || 0.3 || 12.5
|}
References
External links
NBA.com - Erick Strickland Profile
basketballreference.com: Erick Strickland NBA statistics
1973 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Alabama
Boston Celtics players
Dallas Mavericks players
Indiana Pacers players
Milwaukee Bucks players
Nebraska Cornhuskers men's basketball players
New York Knicks players
People from Opelika, Alabama
People from Bellevue, Nebraska
Point guards
Quad City Thunder players
Shooting guards
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Vancouver Grizzlies players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Gulf Coast Marlins players
Elmira Pioneers players
African-American baseball players
Baseball players from Alabama
Baseball players from Nebraska
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
ODB may refer to:
People
Ol' Dirty Bastard (1968–2004), American rapper and founding member of the Wu-Tang Clan
ODB (wrestler) (born 1978), Stage name of American professional wrestler Jessica Kresa
Original David Baker (born 1972), a moniker of American poker player David Baker
Computers and technology
.odb file extension for OpenDocument format databases
Object database
ODB++, a CAD-to-CAM data exchange format used in the design and manufacture of electronic devices
Publications
Our Daily Bread (devotional), Christian devotional booklets produced by Our Daily Bread Ministries
Oxford Dictionary of Byzantium, a three volume historical dictionary published by Oxford University Press
Other uses
ODB, the IATA airport code of Córdoba Airport
Arnold "Arne" Glimcher (born March 12, 1938) is an American art dealer, gallerist, film producer, and film director.  They are the founder of The Pace Gallery. Glimcher has produced and directed several films, including The Mambo Kings and Just Cause.  They are the father of art dealer Marc Glimcher and American scientist Paul Glimcher.
Early life and education
Glimcher was born on March 12, 1938, in Duluth, Minnesota, and raised in Boston. They were the youngest of four and spent a lot of their spare time alone, drawing and painting. They later graduated from Massachusetts College of Art and Design, and Boston University.
Career
In the art market
In 1960, Glimcher founded the Pace Gallery in Boston. In 1963, they moved the gallery to New York City. In 1980, they sold Jasper Johns's Three Flags to the Whitney Museum of American Art for $1 million, the first time a work by a living artist had ever commanded seven figures.
Today, the Pace Gallery represents contemporary artists including Chuck Close, Tara Donovan, David Hockney, Maya Lin and Kiki Smith. It also represents the estates of several artists, including Pablo Picasso, Agnes Martin, Ad Reinhardt, and Alexander Calder. Glimcher is chairperson of the Pace Gallery. During their career they have worked closely with important artists, including Jean Dubuffet, Robert Rauschenberg, Louise Nevelson, and Lucas Samaras.
In 2007, Glimcher received the Distinguished Alumni Award from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design.
In film
Glimcher made their feature-film debut in a small role in Robert Benton's 1982 film Still of the Night. They later served as an associate producer for Ivan Reitman's 1986 film Legal Eagles and went on to produce Gorillas in the Mist, and The Good Mother, both released in 1988.
Glimcher made their directorial debut with the 1992 film The Mambo Kings. The film, based on Oscar Hijuelos' book The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love, received widespread critical acclaim. Glimcher received an Academy Award Best Original Song nomination for the film's original song, Beautiful Maria of My Soul, which was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award in the same category.
Glimcher later directed the 1995 film Just Cause starring Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne to a more mixed reception. In 1999, Glimcher directed The White River Kid which featured an ensemble cast, including Antonio Banderas from The Mambo Kings.
In 2008, they produced and directed the documentary film Picasso and Braque Go to the Movies.
Personal life
Glimcher is married to Milly Cooper. They maintain residences in New York's Upper East Side and East Hampton, where their holiday home was designed by Ulrich Franzen in 1983.
References
External links
Cubism as Film Adaptation, The Wall Street Journal, 27 May 2010
Oral history interview with Arne (Arnold) Glimcher, 2010 Jan. 6-25, Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution
1938 births
American art dealers
People from Duluth, Minnesota
Massachusetts College of Art and Design alumni
Boston University alumni
Living people
Film directors from Minnesota
Film producers from Minnesota
Salisbury Mills is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the towns of Blooming Grove and Cornwall in Orange County, New York, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 536.
The CDP is in eastern Orange County and is bordered to the north by Beaver Dam Lake. Salisbury Mills is built along Moodna Creek, which flows east into the Hudson River between New Windsor and Cornwall-on-Hudson. The Moodna Viaduct, the longest actively used rail trestle in the eastern United States, crosses Moodna Creek at the eastern edge of the CDP.
New York State Route 94 forms the northern edge of the CDP. It leads northeast to New Windsor and southwest to Chester. Newburgh is to the northeast, and Middletown is to the west.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Orange County, New York
Census-designated places in New York (state)
Nieder- and Oberurnen railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus Nord in the Swiss canton of Glarus. It is an intermediate stop on the Ziegelbrücke–Linthal line of Swiss Federal Railways, and serves the twin villages of Niederurnen and Oberurnen.
The station is served by Zürich S-Bahn service S25 between Zurich and Linthal, and by St. Gallen S-Bahn service S6 between Rapperswil and Schwanden. Both services operate once per hour, combining to provide two trains per hour between Ziegelbrücke and Schwanden.
Services
the following services stop at Nieder- and Oberurnen:
St. Gallen S-Bahn : hourly service between and .
Zürich S-Bahn : hourly service between Zürich Hauptbahnhof and .
References
External links
Nieder- and Oberurnen
Nieder- and Oberurnen
Låvebrua Island is an island, high, lying east of South Point, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands off Antarctica. It was charted by a British expedition under Henry Foster, 1828–31. The name was given by Norwegian whalers operating from Deception Island, and was in use as early as 1927; it is descriptive, meaning literally "threshing floor bridge" or "barn bridge", and was a slang word for the inclined plane of the whaling factories' slipway.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of the South Shetland Islands
Geography of Deception Island
Ustriclapex numellata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Assam, India.
References
Moths described in 1912
Eucosmini
Gasdermin C is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GSDMC gene.
References
Further reading
Oscar Marzaroli (1933 – August 26, 1988) was an Italian-born Scottish photographer of post-World War II urban Scotland. They were born in Castiglione Vara in northwest Italy and came to Scotland with their family at the age of two.
Marzaroli had a career in photojournalism in London and Stockholm. They also operated as a photographer on the streets of Glasgow and became famed for their iconic images of the city in the 1960s. They were best known for their images of the Gorbals area as the bulldozers cleared away the streets of the run down tenements. Marzaroli's work came to national attention in the 1980s with the publication of three collections of their photographs by the Edinburgh publishing house Mainstream. They were also a film cameraman, as well as director and producer, for Ogam Films, which they founded with three friends in 1967.
In 1991, a number of Glaswegian musicians came together to help compile a tribute album entitled The Tree and the Bird and the Fish and the Bell (the title is inspired by the coat of arms of the city of Glasgow). The rock band Deacon Blue, who contributed to the album, had already extensively used Marzaroli's photographs on their album and single covers. In the same year Marzaroli was also the subject of an ITV documentary.
A website of their prints has since been set up by their family.
The Gorky's Zygotic Mynci song Reverend Oscar Marzaroli is a tribute of sorts.
One of their photographs from 1963, depicting young boys playing dress-up with high-heeled shoes in the streets of the Gorbals, was recreated as a sculpture in 2008 as part of the second regeneration of the district (the tenements they captured in images were replaced by tower blocks in projects such as Hutchesontown C, which themselves were demolished by the end of the century).
Books
Shades of Grey – Glasgow 1956-1987, 1987
Shades of Scotland 1956-1988, 1989
Glasgow's People 1956-1988, 1993
One Afternoon in Lisbon by Kevin McCarra and Pat Woods (Photographs by Oscar Marzaroli).
References
External links
Interview with Oscar Marzaroli by Jennie Renton
National Library of Scotland: Scottish Screen Archive (Biography of Ogam Films / Oscar Marzaroli with links to film details and clips)
1933 births
1988 deaths
Scottish photographers
Italian photographers
Italian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Gorbals
The O'Dea House, is a historic home located in Berwyn Heights, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The house was built in 1888 from a pattern book design and is a -story frame Queen Anne-style dwelling. Most notable of its features is the three-story octagonal tower and varied ornamental surface coverings.
The O'Dea House is significant for its association with the development of Berwyn Heights, originally Charlton Heights, an early streetcar suburb of Washington, D.C. and for its architectural character. Beginning in the 1870s, the area northeast of Washington was the scene of active and continuous development as the population of the city increased and railroad suburbs such as Berwyn Heights gradually grew and expanded around it. The O'Dea House is one of the houses erected by the Charlton Heights Improvement Company to spur development of its new community. In typical fashion, these company-built houses were often mail order or pattern book houses. The pattern for the O'Dea House is from an 1888 published design by Robert W. Shoppell.
The O'Dea House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was sold in 1939 to Lawrence and Alice O'Dea, and bears their name.
References
External links
, including photo in 1986, at Maryland Historical Trust website
O'Dea House, 5804 Ruatan Street, Berwyn Heights, Prince George's, MD at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Berwyn Heights, Maryland
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Queen Anne architecture in Maryland
Houses completed in 1888
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Jonathan Ruru (born 2 February 1993) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the in the Super Rugby competition. Their position of choice is scrum-half.  They are the younger brother of player Michael Ruru.
Ruru has represented the New Zealand Maori All Blacks and The Black Sevens Teams. They now play in Provence rugby.
A Hawkes Bay product, Ruru was ranked No 4 in their province in 2015, before finding an opportunity in an injury-hit Otago team in 2016 where they became a regular halfback in the Mitre 10 Cup.
They also earned a trial for the New Zealand Sevens, making the squad for two tournaments in 2016. They continued as a regular in 2017 impressing to earn a contract with the Blues, following their older brother who played for the Western Force. Ruru's form in the Mitre 10 Cup earned them a contract with the Blues and they have also been selected for the New Zealand Maori All Blacks.
References
New Zealand rugby union players
1993 births
Living people
Māori All Blacks players
Ngāti Rongomaiwahine
Ngāti Kahungunu people
New Zealand international rugby sevens players
Hawke's Bay rugby union players
Otago rugby union players
Auckland rugby union players
Blues (Super Rugby) players
Rugby union scrum-halves
People from Napier, New Zealand
People educated at Napier Boys' High School
Provence Rugby players
The 1951 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College—now known as Mississippi State University—as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1951 college football season. Led by Arthur Morton in their third and final season as head coach, the Maroons compiled an overall record of 4–5 with a mark of 2–5 in conference play, placing 11th in the SEC. Morton was fired after their third consecutive losing season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Algermissen is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 12 km north of Hildesheim, and 20 km southeast of Hanover. The name of the town originates from a prominent German family who lived in the area until the Revolutions of 1848—the Algermissens were of the revolutionary party and were driven from Germany when the revolution was suppressed. Part of the family relocated to Missouri, in the United States, but the town continued to bear their name.
Notable residents
The German actor Diane Kruger was born in Algermissen.
Notes
External links
Hildesheim (district)
Nathan Kane Tyrone Carter (born 28 May 1990) is a British born Irish country music singer based in the UK and Ireland. They have released nine studio albums and four live albums as of December 2017, five of which peaked at number one, and four live DVDs. They perform Irish folk and country.  They are considered the pioneer of Country and Irish music due to the massive popularity of their 2012 cover of the American country song "Wagon Wheel" which remains the most successful edition of the song becoming the biggest commercial success of any Country and Irish release.
Career
Carter was born in Liverpool to parents originally from Newry, Northern Ireland. They went to Bishop Eton School in Allerton, Liverpool. They played the accordion at age four in a school concert, and, at age 10, won the Ireland Title for Traditional Singing. At 18 they moved to Ireland.
Their debut album, Starting Out, was released in 2007 and helped revive the genre of Country and Irish in both Ireland and Great Britain. In 2009 they associated with Irish singer songwriter John Farry, further developing their country music output.
Their version of "Wagon Wheel" was released on 15 June 2012 on an album of the same name. The album was a commercial success, hitting the Top Three in the Irish Album Chart. Carter won the RTÉ Irish Country Music Awards for Live Act of the Year and Ireland's All-Time Favourite Country Song for "Wagon Wheel".
Carter released their studio album Where I Wanna Be in August 2013, followed by the follow-up Beautiful Life in 2015 which was promoted with a UK tour. Both albums topped the Irish Albums Chart. Beautiful Life became the first of their albums to chart on the UK Albums Chart.
In late 2015, Carter released Beautiful Life At Christmas, a reissue of their previous releases Beautiful Life and Christmas Stuff, along with songs from previous releases repackaged as a two-CD album. This peaked at number five on the Irish charts.
Appearances
Carter appeared as the featured artist on TG4's Opry an Iúir in September 2012. The programme has since been shown on BBC Two Northern Ireland and BBC ALBA.
In 2013, Carter appeared in episode 9 of Ros na Rún on Irish TV channel TG4. In the episode, Dara wants Sarah to help them with the Nathan Carter tribute night. John Joe says they can organise Carter themselves to attend and, after much doubt, John Joe proves that they were telling the truth. They and Carter walk into Gaudis, where Carter performs.
Niamh McGlinchey in the 2014 version of TG4's Glór Tíre.
Carter was featured in episode 3 of Stetsons and Stilettos with the film crew spending two weeks on the road with him. The episode shows Carter preparing for a show at the Marquee in Cork.
In December 2015, they hosted The Nathan Carter Show in The Mansion House, Dublin with guests including Paddy Casey, Mary Black and The Shires.
On 9 August 2017 they were interviewed on The One Show, which was broadcast live from Ballycastle, Northern Ireland.
On 17 September 2017, they premiered their first American PBS special. The one and a half hour program, filmed in Dublin, promoted their American tour. The program spotlighted Celtic classics, standards, American Country and self written hit songs. It was titled Celtic Roots with Nathan.
Personal life
Carter was born to Ian and Noreen Carter. Their younger brother, Jake, is also a singer who has had success in their own right in the UK and Ireland's country music charts. They also have a sister, Kiara Carter.
Over the years, there has been much speculation about Carter and fellow country singer Lisa McHugh. In their 2018 book Born For The Road: My Story So Far, they talk about the first time they met McHugh and instantly fancied them They briefly had a relationship, but that ended six months later because neither of them was looking for anything serious.
Charity activities
Carter is a patron of Cancer Connect Northern Ireland.
Discography
Studio albums
Starting Out (2007)
The Way You Love Me (2010)
Time of My Life (2011)
Wagon Wheel (2012)
Where I Wanna Be (2013)
Christmas Stuff (2014)
Beautiful Life (2015)
Stayin' Up All Night (2016)
Livin' the Dream (2017)
Born for the Road (2018)
Irish Heartland (2019)
`The Anniversary Collection 2020
Little Old Town (2021)
Filmography
DVDs
2012: The Live Show, recorded at The Burnavon Theatre, Cookstown, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland
2013: The Wagon Wheel Live Show, recorded at Aura Leisure Complex, Letterkenny, County Donegal
2015: Live at the Marquee, recorded at Live at the Marquee Festival, Cork City, Republic of Ireland
2016: The video collection
2017: Nathan Carter (Live at the Marquee Cork)
2017: Celtic Roots (Live)
2018: Live at 3Arena
2020: Nathan Carter Live From The Ceili House
Television
2012: Opry an Iúir as featured artist
2013: Ros na Rún (1 episode)
2014: Glór Tíre (mentoring Niamh McGlinchey)
2014: Stetsons and Stilettos (1 episode)
2015-present: The Nathan Carter Show
2017: Celtic Roots (Public Television broadcast)
2018: Livin' with Lucy
Books
Nathan Carter, Born for the Road: My Story So Far, Penguin Ireland.
References
External links
Official site
1990 births
Living people
English country singers
English male singers
Musicians from Liverpool
21st-century English singers
21st-century British male singers
Nicholas Van Rensselaer may refer to:
Nicholas van Rensselaer (minister) (1636–1678), Reformed Church clergyman
Nicholas van Rensselaer (military figure) (1754–1848), American Revolutionary War officer
A golden triangle, also called a sublime triangle, is an isosceles triangle in which the duplicated side is in the golden ratio to the base side:
Angles
The vertex angle is:
Hence the golden triangle is an acute (isosceles) triangle.
Since the angles of a triangle sum to radians, each of the base angles (CBX and CXB) is:
Note:
The golden triangle is uniquely identified as the only triangle to have its three angles in the ratio 1 : 2 : 2 (36°, 72°, 72°).
In other geometric figures
Golden triangles can be found in the spikes of regular pentagrams.
Golden triangles can also be found in a regular decagon, an equiangular and equilateral ten-sided polygon, by connecting any two adjacent vertices to the center. This is because: 180(10−2)/10 = 144° is the interior angle, and bisecting it through the vertex to the center: 144/2 = 72°.
Also, golden triangles are found in the nets of several stellations of dodecahedrons and icosahedrons.
Logarithmic spiral
The golden triangle is used to form some points of a logarithmic spiral. By bisecting one of the base angles, a new point is created that in turn, makes another golden triangle. The bisection process can be continued indefinitely, creating an infinite number of golden triangles. A logarithmic spiral can be drawn through the vertices. This spiral is also known as an equiangular spiral, a term coined by René Descartes. "If a straight line is drawn from the pole to any point on the curve, it cuts the curve at precisely the same angle," hence equiangular.
Golden gnomon
Closely related to the golden triangle is the golden gnomon, which is the isosceles triangle in which the ratio of the equal side lengths to the base length is the reciprocal of the golden ratio .
"The golden triangle has a ratio of base length to side length equal to the golden section φ, whereas the golden gnomon has the ratio of side length to base length equal to the golden section φ."
Angles
(The distances AX and CX are both a′ = a = φ , and the distance AC is b′ = φ², as seen in the figure.)
The apex angle AXC is:
Hence the golden gnomon is an obtuse (isosceles) triangle.
Note:
Since the angles of the triangle AXC sum to radians, each of the base angles CAX and ACX is:
Note:
The golden gnomon is uniquely identified as a triangle having its three angles in the ratio 1 : 1 : 3 (36°, 36°, 108°). Its base angles are 36° each, which is the same as the apex of the golden triangle.
Bisections
By cutting one of its base angles into 2 equal angles, a golden triangle can be bisected into a golden triangle and a golden gnomon.
By cutting its apex angle into 2 angles, one being twice the other, a golden gnomon can be bisected into a golden triangle and a golden gnomon.
A golden gnomon and a golden triangle with their equal sides matching each other in length, are also referred to as the obtuse and acute Robinson triangles.
Tilings
A golden triangle and two golden gnomons tile a regular pentagon.
These isosceles triangles can be used to produce Penrose tilings. Penrose tiles are made from kites and darts. A kite is made from two golden triangles, and a dart is made from two gnomons.
See also
Golden rectangle
Golden rhombus
Kepler triangle
Kimberling's golden triangle
Lute of Pythagoras
Pentagram
Golden triangle (composition)
References
External links
Robinson triangles at Tilings Encyclopedia
Golden triangle according to Euclid
The extraordinary reciprocity of golden triangles at Tartapelago by Giorgio Pietrocola
Types of triangles
Golden ratio
Lyophyllum shimeji, commonly known as the hon-shimeji is an edible species of fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae that grows in pine forests, often near human-made roads. It is found in Japan, Sweden, Finland and Estonia.
Ecology
Lyophyllum shimeji grows in pine forests.
Edibility
This species is considered edible.
Similar species
Lyophyllum shimeji is similar in appearance to the edible species Lyophyllum decastes and toxic species Lyophyllum loricatum, Lyophyllum connatum, Clitocybe dilatata, and those of the Entoloma genus are also similar in appearance.
References
Lyophyllaceae
Fungi described in 1971
Fungi of Japan
Bozova is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
The Heartland Series is a series of television programs about the culture of Appalachia, produced by WBIR-TV of Knoxville, Tennessee, over the 25-year period 1984 through 2009. The series has been produced on a limited basis since 2010.
Production history
The Heartland Series was conceived in 1984 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park with a special series celebrating the people and land of the Southern Appalachian Mountains. Actor Bill Landry was hired to host the series. They had previously been a teacher, had written and begun performing a one-man play based on the life of Albert Einstein called "Einstein the Man," and had portrayed a fictional Tennessee River boat captain named "Captain Nat" as part of the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) exhibit at the 1982 World's Fair in Knoxville. Following the fair, they had continued to play the role of Captain Nat on a months-long barge tour of the Tennessee, Cumberland, and Mississippi Rivers that TVA conducted for its 50th anniversary.
The TV series was initially scheduled to run for just three months. According to Landry, the original concept, formed by WBIR creative services director Steve Dean and station general manager Jim Hart, was "to take a camera and interview the last remnants of the old mountain people and go on location.” Each episode was three minutes and 40 seconds long, designed to air in five-minute time slots during and after daily news broadcasts.
The series continued past the short run that was originally planned. Subject matter included geology, wildlife, native plants, invasive species, and other aspects of the region's natural history, Native American lifeways and archeology, re-enactments and remembrances of historical events ranging from events in the American Revolutionary War to coal mining disasters and the early years of TVA, and feature stories about regional culture. As a result of their work on the series, host Bill Landry told an interviewer that they had learned to “tan hides, make jelly butter, saw logs, eat tree bark, carve soapstone, build a log cabin, cut timber, run a sawmill, make moonshine, shoe a horse, call a hoot owl, rut like a deer and know when the buffalo runs.” Traditional music was a perennial topic, including performances by and interviews with traditional musicians active in East Tennessee, demonstrations by craftsmen who make musical instruments, and exploration of musical traditions such as old harp singing and Scottish and Irish influences on the region's music. Two topics that the series generally avoided were politics and controversial religious practices such as snake handling. In addition to the Smokies national park, on-scene production locations in East Tennessee included the Museum of Appalachia, where several episodes were taped, including the titles "1791," "Just Another Day," "The Music Tale," "The Toggins," "Frontier Music, Frontier Foods," and "Gift for Jacob," Rugby, Roan Mountain State Park, the Savage Gulf State Natural Area in Grundy County, and Cumberland Gap National Historical Park.
Landry's skill as an interviewer has been remarked upon by many observers. Their folksy, rambling style made them effective at putting people at ease and drawing out the interesting stories of the people that they encountered in the "hills, hollows, small towns and major cities" of Appalachia.
In 1998, the series was expanded to include a 30-minute version airing each Saturday at 7:00 p.m., while it continued to run the original five-minute version during the morning news, after 10 News at Noon, and after 10 News Nightbeat.
In total, about 1,900 short episodes and 150 half-hour programs were produced in the show's 25-year history. Bill Landry was host and narrator for the entire series. They also served as co-producer and wrote and directed many episodes. Steve Dean was a executive producer for 20 years, and Doug Mills was cameraman for all but one of the episodes.
The series has been successful with audiences, sometimes achieving audience ratings of 7.0 or higher. In addition to being broadcast on WBIR, the series appeared on WTVC in Chattanooga during the 1980s and was shown on the Travel Channel (under the title Appalachian Stories) for six years.
End of production
In February 2009, WBIR announced plans to suspend production of the series in September 2009 after taking it "through to some sort of conclusion." WBIR general manager Jeff Lee cited economics as the reason for ending production, noting "it is a luxury for three people to produce 3-1/2 minutes of TV a week." They said that the station would continue to show the hundreds of episodes already produced "for as long as the viewers like them." More than 3,000 people signed an online petition asking for the series to be continued, but WBIR followed through with its plan to end it. The last episode was taped at the Museum of Appalachia in Norris on August 8, 2009 before an audience estimated at 10,000 people, one of the largest crowds in the museum's history. People seeking Landry's autograph waited in line for an hour. The final show featured several Appalachian traditional musicians who had appeared previously in the series, including fiddler Danny Gammon, Bobby Fulcher, Tony Thomas and Jimmy McCarroll.
The last episode was scheduled for broadcast as an hour-long special on September 19, 2009, but to avoid conflict with a Tennessee Volunteers football game the broadcast was postponed and rescheduled to be shown in a prime time slot at 8:00 p.m. on October 17, 2009.
Revival
Public response to the cancellation of the series caused management to reconsider its demise. In 2010 producer Steve Dean was contracted to produce four more episodes, each an hour long. These shows were well received and led to new hour-long installments, to be produced quarterly, through 2011.
Recognition and influence
During its 25-year history, The Heartland Series received four Emmy Awards, six Iris Awards from the National Association of Television Program Executives, one silver medal and two bronze medals from the New York International Film and Television Festival, and a Theodore Roosevelt Award for Best Outdoor Documentary.
On the day that the last episode was taped, former U.S. Senator Howard Baker, who had appeared in one episode, called the series "the last iteration of our history and culture of a generation." Mark Brown, Carson Newman College's director of news and media relations, described the series as "the nation's longest-running sociological video repository" and said "it did for Southern Appalachia what Studs Terkel did for Chicago."
Thousands of hours of never-broadcast videotapes made during the show's 25-year history are being archived in the historical collection of the McClung Museum in Knoxville. Episodes from the series have been incorporated into Appalachian studies curricula, and The Heartland Series videos depicting Appalachian crafts and craftspeople are displayed in the "Appalachian Heritage" exhibit of the Children's Museum of Oak Ridge. United States embassies around the world keep tapes of The Heartland Series broadcasts as an information resource on life in Appalachia.
Theme music
The theme music for The Heartland Series is an arrangement of the ancient Gaelic ballad "He Mandu," which is played on the hammered dulcimer by folklorist Guy Carawan.
References
External links
WBIR-TV Heartland Videos
1984 American television series debuts
1980s American documentary television series
1990s American documentary television series
2000s American documentary television series
2010s American documentary television series
2020s American documentary television series
Mass media in Knoxville, Tennessee
Oral history
Transcend Information, Inc. () is a Taiwanese company headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan that manufactures and distributes memory products. Transcend deals in over 2,000 products including memory modules, flash memory cards, USB flash drives, portable hard drives, multimedia products, solid-state drives, dashcams, body cameras, personal cloud storage, card readers and accessories.
It has offices in the United States, Germany, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, China and South Korea. It was the first Taiwanese memory module manufacturer to receive ISO 9001 certification.
History
Transcend Information. Inc. was founded in 1988 by Mr. Chung-Won Shu, Peter, with its headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan. Today, Transcend has become a global brand of digital storage, multimedia and industrial products with 13 offices worldwide. The design, development, and manufacture all their products is done in-house, as well as the marketing and sales.
Product lines
Transcend manufactures memory modules, flash memory cards, USB flash drives, card readers, external hard drives, solid state drives and industrial-grade products.
Memory cards – SD / CF / micro SD
USB flash drives – USB 3.0 / USB 2.0
External hard drives – Rugged series / Classic series / 3.5" Desktop storage
Solid-state drives – 2.5" SSDs / M.2 SSDs / mSATA SSDs / Portable SSDs
Card readers – USB 3.0 / USB 2.0 / USB Type - C
Dashcams
Body cameras
Personal cloud storage
Apple solutions - Lightning / USB 3.1 flash drives / SSD upgrade kit / Expansion cards for MacBook Air and MacBook Pro / Portable hard drive and portable SSD for Mac
Multimedia products - Digital media players / DVD writers
Memory modules - For Desktop / Notebook / Server
Embedded solutions
Flash: SSD / CF / SD / MMC / eMMC / SATA Module / PATA Module / USB Module
DRAM: Industrial temperature / Workstation / Server / Standard / Low voltage / Low profile
JetFlash
JetFlash are a series of flash based USB drives designed and manufactured by Transcend. In addition to USB flash drives, Transcend has also created different JetFlash software to maximize the usage of the flash drives. Types include:
Hi-Speed Series - Performance-focused flash drives
V Series - Design-oriented flash drives
T Series - USB flash drives designed for replacing floppy/CD/DVD media
Security Series - USB flash drives designed for security
Transcend, working in collaboration with Bharti Enterprises, has donated 500 2GB JetFlash V33 USB flash drives through the Bharti Foundation in order to support the Satya Bharti School Program in India.
Transcend has worked with Trend Micro to launch USB flash drives with preloaded anti-virus software exclusively in India.
Transcend's Jetflash 160 won the flash drive test conducted by German magazine ComputerBild.
See also
List of companies of Taiwan
References
External links
Companies based in Taipei
Companies listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange
Computer memory companies
Computer peripheral companies
Computer storage companies
Electronics companies of Taiwan
Graphics hardware companies
Portable audio player manufacturers
Taiwanese brands
Taiwanese companies established in 1988
2001 initial public offerings
Una O'Dwyer is a camogie player, winner of the Texaco Player of the Year award in 2004, an All-Star award in 2004, a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003 and All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2004.
Career
They played in eight successive All Ireland finals for Tipperary winning five All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, captaining the team in 2003 and winning the Irish Independent player of the match award in 2004. They won their first All Ireland senior club medal with Cashel in 2007 and captained the team to victory against Athenry in 2009. They captained the UCC team to Ashbourne Cup success in 2003.
Other awards
In 2003, they were named as Irish Tatler magazine's 'Woman of the Year Highly Commended Sports Star'.
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
Profile in Sunday Independent 15 September 2002
Profile in Sunday Independent 21 September 2003
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
UCC camogie players
The 1978–79 Israel State Cup (, Gvia HaMedina) was the 40th season of Israel's nationwide football cup competition and the 25th after the Israeli Declaration of Independence.
The competition was won by Beitar Jerusalem who have beaten Maccabi Tel Aviv 2–1 at the final.
Results
Fifth Round
Sixth Round
Seventh Round
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
100 Years of Football 1906-2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006, p. 247
Ra'anana eliminated from cup games Davar, 21.1.1979, Historical Jewish Press
Cup (Page 17) Hadshot HaSport, 21.1.1979, archive.football.co.il
Hapoel Ashkelon - Bat Yam 3:2 on penalties Davar, 7.2.1979, Historical Jewish Press
Maccabi Be'er Sheva also eliminated Maccabi Herzliya Davar, 8.2.1979, Historical Jewish Press
In a victory over "Aliyah" Ramla advanced to the next round against Jaffa Maariv, 14.2.1979, Historical Jewish Press
Cup (Pages 2-5) Hadshot HaSport, 18.2.1979, archive.football.co.il
Israel State Cup
State Cup
Israel State Cup seasons
Petilia or Petelia () was a city name found in some ancient works of classical antiquity. It's widely accepted that in antiquity there were two cities with this name, both located in Southern Italy. One of them, Petilia, was located in ancient Lucania (today's Basilicata and Campania), while the second one, Petelia, was located on the coast of Bruttium (today's Calabria).
Petilia (Lucania)
Strabo states that Petilia had a prestigious status among Lucanians, even though the same author, in their work Geographica, often mistakes Petilia with Petelia. According to modern scholars, Petilia was probably the city whose remains are found on Monte Stella. This last discovery was made by historian Giuseppe Antonini (1683–1785), based on some inscriptions reportedly found on the same site. Monte Stella is now a military area and permissions for archaeological excavations are not granted easily.
Petelia (Bruttium)
During the Second Punic War Petelia remained a Roman ally, while all of the other Bruttian cities had gone over to Hannibal. After a long siege, it was taken by the Carthaginians, its people expelled and replaced by other Bruttians; but following the Roman victory its original population was restored. Petelia's remains might be located in today's Petilia Policastro or Strongoli. The Petelia Gold Tablet was discovered near Strongoli in the nineteenth century.
Some historians claim that Ancient Petelia already was a bishopric, established perhaps in 546 or then adopting the city's new medieval name Strongoli, but without solid evidence, and the see is never mentioned in the Byzantine imperial Notitia Episcopatuum of the Patriarchate of Constantinople, which most dioceses in Calabria belonged to in the 9th till 11th centuries, so the diocese's foundation may rather date from the Normans, probably late 12th century.
References
Roman towns and cities in Italy
Mavelikara S. R. Raju is an acclaimed Carnatic music percussionist.  They are adept in playing the mridangam.  They are the sishya (disciple) of the celebrated Mridangam maestro Mavelikara Krishnankutty Nair.
Their father M.N. Raghavan Pillai, was a mridangam player who played for harikathas and dramas. So right from childhood, they have had a fascination for the mridangam. In 1958 they joined All India radio as a mridangam artiste. In 1999 Kerala Sangeetha Nadaka Academy granted its fellowship to him. They have accompanied all most all the maestros of last 50– 60 years. They have visited and played in several concerts in Pittisburg, USA and was Asthanvidwan of the Sree Venkateswara Temple Pittsburg. They were blessed with a peculiar playing style with beautiful "sarwalaghus" and heavy "koruvais", thus covering the entire length, breadth and depth of a "laya vadyam" performance.
External links
The Hindu
The New Indian Express
www.keralasangeethanatakaakademi.com
Mridangam players
Musicians from Alappuzha
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 16th Pan American Junior Championships were held in Miramar, Florida, United States, at the Ansin Sports Complex on July 22 to 24, 2011. A detailed report on the
results was given.
Participation (unofficial)
Detailed result lists can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History"
website. An unofficial count yields the number of about 341
athletes from about 36 countries:
Antigua and Barbuda (5), Argentina (11), Bahamas (23), Barbados (7), Bermuda
(7), Belize (1), Bolivia (1), Brazil (16), British Virgin Islands (5), Cayman
Islands (2), Canada (56), Chile (6), Colombia (12), Costa Rica (2), Dominica
(1), Dominican Republic (4), Ecuador (1), El Salvador (1), Grenada (1),
Guatemala (4), Guyana (2), Haiti (3), Jamaica (33), Mexico (15), Panama (1),
Peru (8), Puerto Rico (12), Saint Kitts and Nevis (1), Saint Vincent and the
Grenadines (2), Suriname (2), Trinidad and Tobago (12), Turks and Caicos (1),
United States (77), Uruguay (1), U.S. Virgin Islands (1), Venezuela (4).
Medal summary
Medal winners are published.
Complete results can be found on the Athletics Canada website, on the Half-Mile Timing website, on the USA Track & Field website, and on the World Junior Athletics History
website.
Men
Women
Medal table (unofficial)
References
External links
Official website
World Junior Athletics History
Pan American
Pan American
Pan American U20 Athletics Championships
International track and field competitions hosted by the United States
Miramar, Florida
Pan American Junior Athletics Championships
2011 in youth sport
Track and field in Florida
Santiago Barragán Portilla (born 18 March 1987) is a Spanish motorcycle racer. They currently ride a BMW S1000RR in the FIM CEV Superbike European Championship. They have competed in the 250cc World Championship, the Superbike World Championship, the Supersport World Championship, the FIM Superstock 1000 Cup and the European Superstock 600 Championship; in 2010 they won the European Superstock 1000 Championship and the privateers' class of the CEV Stock Extreme Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key)
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
1987 births
People from Almendralejo
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
William Henry Mylrea (January 1, 1853 – September 11, 1916) was an American lawyer.
Born in Rochester, New York, they moved to what is now Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin as a child. After going to Lawrence College, Myrlea was admitted to the Wisconsin bar. They then moved to Wausau, Wisconsin to practice law and to work in the insurance, lumber, real estate business. They served as Marathon County, Wisconsin District Attorney in 1886. They served as Wisconsin Attorney General from 1895 to 1899 as a Republican. They died at their home in Wausau after two years of illness.
References
Politicians from Rochester, New York
Politicians from Wausau, Wisconsin
Lawrence University alumni
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin Attorneys General
District attorneys in Wisconsin
People from Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin
1853 births
1916 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Rochester, New York
19th-century American lawyers
Maalaala Mo Kaya (; abbreviated MMK), also known as Memories in English, is a Filipino television series, which was first aired on May 15, 1991. MMK is the longest-running drama anthology on Philippine television.
Episodes
References
2019 Philippine television seasons
Lists of Philippine drama television series episodes
Maalaala Mo Kaya
Aleksandar Radosavljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Радосављевић; born 21 December 1982) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Radosavljević started out at Čukarički, playing six years with the club.
They moved to Partizan in June 2007, agreeing to a four-year deal. As the third-string keeper behind Darko Božović and starter Mladen Božović, Radosavljević saw limited action. They briefly got a chance as first-string keeper under head coach Goran Stevanović between late September and early November 2009 (including three Europa Leagues matches against Shakhtar Donetsk and Club Brugge), after which Mladen Božović again became Partizan's undisputed first-choice goalkeeper. Radosavljević spent three seasons with Partizan and won five trophies, before being released by mutual consent in August 2010 after qualifying with the team for the 2010–11 Champions League.
Shortly after, Radosavljević moved abroad and signed with Hungarian club Győr, staying there until the end of the 2010–11 season. In 2012, they signed a one-year contract with the Serbian White Eagles in the Canadian Soccer League but did not feature in any games.
Honours
Partizan
Serbian SuperLiga: 2007–08, 2008–09, 2009–10
Serbian Cup: 2007–08, 2008–09
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kraljevo
Association football goalkeepers
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
FK Čukarički players
FK Partizan players
Győri ETO FC players
Serbian White Eagles FC players
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriates in Hungary
Serbian First League players
Serbian footballers
Serbian SuperLiga players
Ustriclapex is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.<ref>, 2009, Tortricidae from Vietnam in the collection of the Berlin Museum.6.Olethreutinae (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) Shilap revista de Lepidopterologia 37 (145): 115-143.</ref>
SpeciesUstriclapex numellata (Meyrick, 1912)Ustriclapex speculatrix (Meyrick, 1907)
Etymology
The generic name is an anagram of the specific name of the type species Ustriclapex speculatrix''.
See also
List of Tortricidae genera
References
Eucosmini
Tortricidae genera
Michael Clive Green (born 8 September 1946) is an English former professional football player and manager. As player, they made more than 400 appearances in the Football League as a centre half for Carlisle United, Gillingham, Bristol Rovers, Plymouth Argyle and Torquay United. As manager, they took charge of Torquay United.
Green was born in Carlisle, Cumberland, and began their career as an apprentice with Carlisle United, turning professional in September 1964. They played only two league games for Carlisle, both the following season, before moving to Gillingham in July 1968. They soon found a regular place at the Priestfield Stadium, playing 132 league games, scoring 24 goals.
They moved to Bristol Rovers in July 1971 and was appointed captain of the Eastville side. In July 1974, after 2 goals in 77 games, they moved to Plymouth Argyle for a fee of £19,000. They captained Argyle to promotion from Division Three at the end of their first season at Home Park, going onto play 108 league games, scoring 8 goals, before leaving for local rivals Torquay United in March 1977 as player-manager for a fee of £5,000.
Working with the experienced Frank O'Farrell as the general manager, they put together an attacking side at Plainmoor, but could never get them challenging for promotion, not helped by the lack of funds at their disposal. They retired from playing, after 88 league games and 7 goals, to concentrate on their managerial duties. During the 1979–80 season they surprisingly turned down an offer to manage Second Division Bristol Rovers to remain at Plainmoor, but was sacked in May 1981 after a disappointing season, with O'Farrell taking over as team manager for a third time.
They subsequently played for local non-league side Newton Abbot and later managed a sub-post office in Torquay.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Footballers from Carlisle, Cumbria
English footballers
Association football defenders
Carlisle United F.C. players
Gillingham F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
Torquay United F.C. players
Newton Abbot A.F.C. players
English Football League players
English football managers
Torquay United F.C. managers
Kapaklı, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Periapalayam is a village about 40 km north of Chennai, in Tiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu State, India. The nearest Railway station is Thiruninravur.It is in Ellapuram block which stretches from east Thanakulam village, west Uthukottai, north Kosavanpettai and in the south up to Komakambedu village. It has one of the main routes to Andhra Pradesh.
Geography
Arani river flows through the town.
Demographics
Population
In the 2001 Indian census Periyapalayam (Tamil Nadu, India) had a population of 5,420, of which 2,756 were male, and 2,664 were female.
In the 2011 census Periyapalayam (Tamil Nadu, India) recorded 6,749 inhabitants.
Government and politics
Civic Utility / Amenities / Services
It has a Govt. upgraded Primary Health Center (PHC) which is behind the temple and also one girl higher secondary school in Uthukottai Road.
Economy
It has several big companies like Winwind in Vengal village, Pennar in Kannigaipair, Sujana industries in Manjakaranai, Hydrabad chemicals in Kannigaipair and several warehouses Like Bata India Ltd (RDC) in Periyapalyam. It also has hundreds of brick chambers.
Culture/Cityscape
Landmarks
Bhavani Amman Temple is located in Periyapalayam.
Transport
By Air
By Rail
By Road
Bus route
from CMBT --> 514, 514x, 92.
from T Nagar --> 592, 547.
from Ambattur --> 563.
from Thiruvallur --> 505A.
Education
Colleges
Colleges in and around Periyapalayam are:
S.A.M.S College of Engineering & Technology (SCET) in Pannapakkam,
Siva Institute of Technology Periyapalayam
Magna College of Engineering in Magaral
JNN college of Engineering in Kannigaipair
Southern Academy of Maritime Studies (S.A.M.S) in Panapakkam
Adjacent communities
Notes
Cities and towns in Tiruvallur district
Siegbahn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bo Siegbahn (1915–2008), Swedish diplomat
Kai Siegbahn (1918–2007), Swedish physicist, Nobel Prize in 1981
Manne Siegbahn (1886–1978), Swedish physicist, Nobel Prize in 1924
See also
Siegbahn notation, spectroscopic notation for x-ray lines introduced by Manne Siegbahn
X unit, unit of length defined by Manne Siegbahn
Unquera is a village with 803 inhabitants (INE 2005) in the municipality of Val de San Vicente, in the west of the province of Cantabria, Spain. Sitting on the ría de Tina Menor, at the mouth of the River Deva it borders Asturias. It is famous throughout Spain for its pies of Unquera. Unquera is also known as the entrance to the Hermida gorge, the most usual way to access the Liébana district, which has become the main throughway of the town. This route is also part of the Camino Lebaniego, which links the Caminos de Santiago of the North and French route.
The population depends in part on Pesués, the municipal capital, where the town hall, the barracks of the Guardia Civil and the primary school are located.
History
During the Old Regime, the municipality of Val de San Vicente belonged to nobles of the house of the Marquises de Aguilar de Campoo. However, Unquera as a locality has a very short life historically by European calculations. It did not appear on the map of Coello until(1861), although the Unquera Cove is mentioned in the Tina Mayor estuary. Unquera may have developed at the end of the 19th century thanks to the improvement of communications, especially by the railroad, and for the commercial boom of the region, possible after the opening of the gorge road (later N-621) in 1863. This road was used as a way to export, through the Unquera inlet, raw materials from Liébana and the La Hermida gorge to England, Belgium and (Germany). In 1881 Unquera is already cited as a village at the bottom of Tina Mayor. Since then Unquera has grown linearly around the road, and also parallel to the estuary, where it has a river walk.
Economy
The food industry stands out for the main industry, represented mainly by the brand Pindal (others being others such as Canal and Sanbar ). Canneries in this industry has existed since the 19th century in Unquera and are still maintaining active manufacturing of preserves and pickling.
Transportation
Unquera has the following ground transportation:
Line of FEVE, which links the population with Santander and with Asturias.
Autovía del Cantábrico, one of whose accesses are located next to the town.
Bus lines, among which stands out the line of ALSA Irún – Santiago de Compostela, which takes Unquera as one of its stops
Road N-621, which links León and Unquera, the most usual route to access Potes and the only one from the coast Cantabrian.
Towns in Spain
Municipalities in Cantabria
James "Jim" Baker is an American foreign policy advisor serving as the director of the Office of Net Assessment in the United States Department of Defense.
Education
Baker earned a master's degree in electrical engineering from Michigan State University in 1990. In 1993, they earned another master's degree, in operations research and systems engineering, from the University of Florida. In 1999, they attended the Air Force's Air Command and Staff College for a masters in Military Sciences. In 2006, they returned to school at the National War College to earn a master's in national security studies. They later completed certificate programs at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard Business School.
Career
On May 14, 2015 Baker was selected to be the director of the Office of Net Assessment.  They are responsible for providing the United States Secretary of Defense with comparative assessments of the prospects of the military capabilities of the United States relative to other actors, as well as the political, economic and regional implications of those assessments. They previously served as strategist and advisor to two chairpeople of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
References
United States Department of Defense officials
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Leandro Gastón Paiva Santurión (born 15 February 1994) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Argentinos Juniors.
Career
Paiva's had youth stints with Club Cohami and Montevideo Wanderers. They made their professional bow in the Uruguayan Primera División on 11 May 2013, featuring for the final moments of a home victory over Liverpool; they had previously been an unused substitute earlier that month against Racing Club. In total, they made thirty appearances across four seasons with Montevideo Wanderers. February 2016 saw Oriental of the Uruguayan Segunda División sign Paiva. They netted their first senior goal in their final match on 11 June versus Huracán. A move to Deportivo Maldonado was completed in July. Four goals in thirty-one followed.
On 8 January 2018, Paiva joined top-flight outfit Cerro. Their stint with the club lasted twelve months, with the midfielder participating in thirty-six fixtures in all competitions whilst scoring nine goals; including a brace in the Primera División over Progreso and one in a Copa Sudamericana second stage encounter against Bahia. At the conclusion of the year, in December, Paiva departed Uruguayan football to play in Argentina with Argentinos Juniors. They scored on their debut, netting in a Copa Argentina win over Douglas Haig on 5 March 2019. A total of eight games came for them within their first nine months with the Buenos Aires team.
Paiva left Argentinos on loan in September to Ascenso MX's Atlante.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Montevideo
Uruguayan footballers
Association football midfielders
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Uruguayan Primera División players
Uruguayan Segunda División players
Argentine Primera División players
Montevideo Wanderers F.C. players
Oriental players
Deportivo Maldonado players
C.A. Cerro players
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Atlante F.C. footballers
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
