PT Persada Era Agro Kencana is a palm oil company from Indonesia. It has set fires that spread into PT RMU Ecosystem Restoration Area.
According to Rainforest Rescue, the government of Indonesia permits PT PEAK, a palm oil company, to destroy a peat dome currently under restoration.
References
Palm oil companies of Indonesia
Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter is the first studio album by the Jazz Orchestra of the Delta and features trumpeter Marvin Stamm and vocalist Sandra Dudley, this was released in June 2003 on the Summit Records jazz label. The CD has been extensively reviewed across the United States and the U.K. and garnered consistently high praise from critics as well as charting for over 6 months on JazzWeek Airplay Reporting. The album is also included in the three CD set The Memphis Jazz Box in 2004 as a part of the contemporary jazz scene in Memphis, Tennessee and the Mid-South region.
Background
After the Jazz Orchestra of the Delta was established in 1998 the group and musical director were afforded an opportunity by Summit Records to collaborate on a jazz release for the label. Two things were required by Summit: a theme and a guest artist. The theme of Cole Porter's music fit well due to a recent Cole Porter tribute with Sandra Dudley the ensemble had performed, native Memphian Marvin Stamm was picked as the guest artist for the release. There were two failed recording sessions for the release due to severe weather problems and power outages, this delayed the completion of the CD for about 18 months.
Most recently the entire album was featured on Scott Ellsworth's long running Scott's Place jazz radio show for February 2, 2019.
Track listing
EP distributed in late 2003 by Summit Records featuring 'Night and Day' and 10 other artists/cuts from Summit Records for the year.
Recording Sessions
November 13, 2000
December 11, 2000
February 8, 2001
June 25, 2001
January, 2002
Recorded at Sam Phillips Recording Services and U of M STUDIOS A/B
Personnel
Musicians
Conductor: Jack Cooper
Trumpet: Marvin Stamm
Vocals: Sandra Dudley
Saxes and woodwinds: John Lux, Mike Krepper, Tom Link, Andre Matlin, Jeff Huddleston, Michael Scott
Trumpets and flugelhorns: David Spencer (lead), Reid McCoy, Ward Yager, Tom Clary
Trombones: Greg Luscombe, Milton Aldana, Lance Green, Ken Spain, Jake Brumbaugh, Bill Flores (Bass Trb)
Guitar: Kerry Movassagh
Piano: Alvie Givhan, Gene Rush
Bass: Tim Goodwin, Sam Shoup
Drums: Bo Harris, James Sexton
Latin percussion: Ed Murray
Production
Recording engineer and digital transfers: Jeff Cline
Recording engineer, (Phillips Recording): Roland Janes
Mixing engineer(s): Danny Jones and Jack Cooper, at Aztec Studios, Bartlett, TN.
Mastering: David Shirk, Sonorous Mastering
Liner notes: Bob Curnow
Promotion
On Tuesday evening, July 15, 2003, the Jazz Orchestra of the Delta held the CD release performance and party at the Gibson Guitar Factory & Showcase, one block South of Beale Street in downtown Memphis, TN. The evening was sponsored by the Mid-South Jazz Foundation and was highly successful with a sell out performance. Both Sandra Dudley and Marvin Stamm were in attendance for this performance so to showcase the selections from the recording. Marvin Stamm's improvisation on Twelve is published as a transcribed solo in the Charles Colin publication "The Marvin Stamm Project." An EP was distributed in late 2003 by Summit Records featuring 'Night and Day' and 10 other artists/cuts from Summit Records for the year.
Reception
"...(The Jazz Orchestra of the Delta) delivers Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter, an album that is sure to delight fans of ambitious, lush big band music. Supplemented by singer Sandra Dudley and trumpeter Marvin Stamm, this is a beautifully arranged, executed, and produced album."
David Binder, Jazzreview.com
"...the result is a cohesive ensemble that understands (Cooper's) musical direction so well that they reproduce precisely what (he) has intended...Balance and phrasing, suitable textures, and mellow harmonic ties follow with glamorous effects."
Jim Santella, L.A. Jazz Scene
"...(the arranger) is to be congratulated on the way they orchestrated some of (Porter's) best known songs, maintaining interest, despite the familiarity with the material. So in Love comes from...probably Porter's best loved show and Ms. Dudley takes it at a super slow tempo that works brilliantly."
Gordon Jack, Jazz Journal International
"...(Cooper's) arrangements of the Porter standards are knockouts. Propulsive and sassy on an initial listen, revealing subtle shadings and intricate nuances upon repeated listening. Very forthright and mainstream. I might have guessed Don Sebesky as arranger on a blindfold test, for the clean lines and solid constructions that still allow plenty of room for creative soloing."
Dan McClenaghan, All About Jazz
Charts
Release history
See also
Jazz Orchestra of the Delta
Jack Cooper
Memphis Jazz Box
Marvin Stamm
List of jazz arrangers
References
External links
Summit Records
French National Library, Notice bibliographique
Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter, Biblioteca Nacional de España
Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter, National Library of Poland, Bibliography Narodowa
2003 albums
Jazz albums by American artists
Big band albums
Mainstream jazz albums
Cole Porter tribute albums
Enormous may refer to:
Enormous (band), an indie, power pop band from Derby, England.
Enormous (song), a 2017 song by American rapper Gucci Mane.
Enormous: The Gorge Story (2019), a movie by director Nic Davis
Faisal Chowk, formerly known as Charing Cross, is a major road intersection in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. Located on Shahrah-e-Quaid-e-Azam, it is a popular site for protests within Lahore.
History
The area was part of Donald Town, a neighborhood named after Sir Donald McLeod, who served as Lieutenant-Governor of Punjab between 1865 and 1870. The planned intersection was developed at a juncture between Queens', Montgomery and Mall roads. It came to be known as Charing Cross, which historians believe is after Charing Cross in London. The name is recorded in a 1908 publication by G.R. Elmslie titled “Thirty Five Years in the Punjab” (1908, Edinburgh). A 1918-19 ‘B&R Report' refers to it as the ‘Charing Cross Scheme'.
A white marble pavilion, designed by Bhai Ram Singh, was constructed at Charing Cross in 1901 to mark Queen Victoria's jubilee as the first Empress of India. A bronze statue of Victoria, cast in London in 1900, stood at the site in the pavilion from 1904 until 1951, when it was replaced by a model of the Quran. The statue now stands at Lahore Museum.
To commemorate the 2nd Islamic Summit Conference held at Lahore in 1974, the Islamic Summit Minar was constructed at the site. In 1981 Charing Cross was officially renamed Faisal Chowk to honour King Faisal of Saudi Arabia. In February 2013 a suicide bomber murdered at least 14 people at a protest in the area.
References
External links
Majid Sheikh, Walking to Charing Cross, Dawn.com
Tourist attractions in Lahore
History of Lahore
Lahore
Squares in Pakistan
The Mall, Lahore
Gary Peller (born 1955) is Professor of Law at Georgetown University Law Center and a prominent member of the critical legal studies and critical race theory movements.
Education and early career
Peller received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Emory University in 1977 and a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School where they served as a member of the Harvard Law Review. Peller then clerked for Morris Lasker, a judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.  They are currently a member of the Maryland state bar.
Academic work and influence
Peller was one of the central figures at the Conference on Critical Legal Studies. With Kimberlé Crenshaw, Peller co-authored a widely cited article, "The Contradictions of Mainstream Constitutional Theory", published in the UCLA Law Review, and co-edited one of the standard texts in critical race theory. Peller is among the irrationalist branch of the critical legal studies movement, arguing that there is no neutral or objective rationality but rather what is understood as knowledge is a socially contingent result of prevailing power dynamics.  They are also known for their debate with Mark Tushnet where they defended the critical race theorists' use of personal narrative rather than conventional arguments in their articles.
Selected bibliography
Gary Peller & Mark V. Tushnet, State Action and a New Birth of Freedom, 92 Geo. L.J. 779-817 (2004).
Gary Peller, A Subversive Strand of the Warren Court, 59 Wash. & Lee L. Rev. 1141-1165 (2002).
Kimberle Crenshaw, Neil Gotanada, Gary Peller, Kendall Thomas, Critical Race Theory, The Key Writings that Formed the Movement. 1995, The New Press
“The Ideology of the Substantive Criminal Law,” Summer Faculty Colloquia, Georgetown University Law Center,” July, 2001.
Kimberle Crenshaw & Gary Peller, The Contradictions of Mainstream Constitutional Theory,” 45 U.C.L.A. L. Rev. 1683 (1998).
“Public Imperialism and Private Resistance: Progressive Possibilities of the New Private Law,” 73 Denver L. Rev. 1001 (1996).
“Cultural Imperialism and Race,” in A. Sarat, ed., Forty Years After Brown, Oxford University Press (1996).
“Criminal Law, Race, and the Idea of Bias: Transcending the Critical Tools of the Sixties,” 67 Tulane L. Rev. 2231 (1993).
“Proof, Myth and Law: The Social Meaning of the Rodney King Verdict,” 70 Denver L. Rev. 548 (1993) (co-authored with Kimberle Crenshaw).
“The Discourse of Constitutional Degradation,” 81 Georgetown L. J. 313 (1992).
“Notes Toward a Postmodern Nationalism,” 72 Illin. L. Rev. 664 (1992).
“The New Public Law Movement: Moderation as a Postmodern Cultural Form,” 89 Michigan L. Rev. 231 (1991)
“Race Consciousness,” 1990 Duke L.J. 758. Reprinted in After Identity, D. Danielson & K. Engle, eds., Routledge (1994) and in Critical Race Theory: A Reader (K. Crenshaw, N. Gotanda, G. Peller, & K. Thomas, eds. New Press (1996).
“Reason and the Mob: The Politics of Representation,” 2 Tikkun 28 (July/Aug. 1987). Reprinted in A Tikkun Anthology (M. Lerner, ed. 1991).
“The Metaphysics of American Law,” 73 Cal. L. Rev. 1151 (1985), reprinted in Critical Legal Studies, J. Boyle ed. (1991).
See also
Indeterminacy debate in legal theory
List of thinkers influenced by deconstruction
Notes
External links
Gary Peller's Georgetown University Law Center page
Katz Marshall Banks page with bibliography
1955 births
Living people
Georgetown University Law Center faculty
Educators from New York City
Philosophers of law
Harvard Law School alumni
Critical theorists
Esporte Clube 14 de Julho, commonly known as 14 de Julho, is a Brazilian football club based in Santana do Livramento, Rio Grande do Sul state.
The club was founded on 14 July 1902, in the Santana do Livramento-Rivera border, which separates Brazil and Uruguay. In the first decades after the club's foundation, they played several games and competitions in Uruguay.
During their youth the World Cup participant of 1930 Moderato Wisintainer played for the club.
Stadium
Esporte Clube 14 de Julho play their home games at Estádio João Martins. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
References
Association football clubs established in 1902
Football clubs in Rio Grande do Sul
1902 establishments in Brazil
Santana do Livramento
Lodgepole Community Hall is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Lodgepole, Montana on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation. It was added to the Register on February 24, 2000.
Background
A historic placard at the site reads:
The Lodgepole Community Hall was dedicated in November 1936 in a ceremony the Harlem News called an interesting mix of "Indian tribal tradition and modern governmental activity." In fact, that mix can be seen in the hall itself. Works Progress Administration (WPA) crews built the hall with timber likely logged in the Little Rockies by members of the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). Both the WPA and CCC were New Deal programs aimed at putting people to work in the midst of the Depression. The hall's log walls — now concealed by exterior siding — reflected the Rustic style often favored by the WPA. Inside the hall evenly spaced vertical logs line the walls to provide structural stability. An eighteen-foot-ceiling shelters the expansive dance floor, which is also marked out for a basketball court. Bleachers overlook the dance floor and a raised stage sits at one end. The hall's irregular shape echoes the shape of round halls built on Fort Belknap at the turn of the century. These, in turn, mirrored the temporary arenas Assiniboines created for dances by circling their wagons. In the 1930s, the hall was the site of children's programs, basketball games, "white dances," and such feature films as Call of the Rockies and Last of the Mohicans. Such programs nurtured the community by providing opportunities to gather. So, too, did the frequent traditional feasts and dances — including weeklong dances held at Christmastime — that played an essential role in sustaining Assiniboine cultural traditions.
The hall is one big tall room.
References
Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Community centers in the United States
Native American history
Works Progress Administration in Montana
Rustic architecture in Montana
1936 establishments in Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Blaine County, Montana
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Buildings and structures completed in 1936
Fort Belknap Indian Reservation
Civilian Conservation Corps in Montana
Community centers in Montana
Carlos Santos (born 1 January 1940) is a Filipino archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Filipino male archers
Olympic archers of the Philippines
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sultan Abdiqadir Abdillahi (, ) was the seventh Grand Sultan of the Isaaq Sultanate. They ruled from 1969 to 1975, when they died. They were succeeded by their son, Mahamed Abdiqadir.
References
20th-century Somalian people
Somali sultans
Somalian Muslims
1975 deaths
Year of birth missing
Grand Sultans of the Isaaq Sultanate
Andira humilis (syn. Andira laurifolia Benth., Andira laurifolia Benth. var. laurifolia, Andira pauciflora Benth., Andira paucuflora Benth.) is a tree native from Brazil.
References
External links
Andira humilis
Faboideae
Trees of Brazil
Colonel Walter Gordon Neilson, (1 October 1876–29 April 1927) was a Scotland international rugby football player.
They later became an Army officer, serving in the Boer War and World War I.
Early life and education
Neilson was born at Thankerton House, Bothwell near Glasgow and educated at Merchiston Castle School and Fettes College.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Neilson played for Merchistonians.
They also played for West of Scotland.
Provincial career
Neilson played for Glasgow District.
International career
They were capped once for in 1894.
Military career
Neilson chose a career in the military. They joined the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) before being commissioned into the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders as a second lieutenant on 1 December 1897. They were promoted to lieutenant on 1 October 1899, and served in the Boer War from 1899 to 1902 taking part in the advance on Kimberley and the Battle of Modder River on 28 November 1899.
Of their part in the Battle of Modder River the regimental history records:
"At the battle of Modder River, about midday, a man of "G" Company, lying in advance of the general line, was badly wounded, bleeding to death, and unable to crawl back to a small depression in the ground, where Captain Shanahan, R.A.M.C., was attending to the wounded. 2nd Lieut. Neilson seeing this ran out and carried the man to the medical officer, thus saving their lives. On returning to the firing line 2nd Lieut. Neilson was shot through the arm...."
During the Battle of Magersfontein in December 1899 Neilson and their men came under heavy fire from their right flank. They ordered their troops to attack the enemy position of 60 men, taking it at bayonet point in hand-to-hand fighting, capturing half and killing or wounding the other half. Neilson was also present during the action at Koodoosberg, the Battle of Paardeberg and the Battle of Poplar Grove, as well as the actions at Waternal, Houtnek, Bloemberg, Roodeport and Heilbron. They took part in the operations in the Transvaal and the actions at De Wagen Drift, Zilikats Nek and Olifant's Nek. For their services in South Africa Neilson was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) in 1900 for their gallantry in the actions at Modder River and Magersfonteinand and was twice Mentioned in Despatches.
Neilson served as Adjutant with the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders from 1902 until 1905 before being appointed as Brigade Major, Lothian Infantry Brigade, Scottish Command in 1912. In 1908 they married Ida Clementine Graham (1876–1961) of Duntrune, Forfarshire, and had one daughter, Valerie Gordon Graham Neilson (1911–2008). They served as Brigade Major with the 1/1st Lothian Infantry Brigade, Central Force, Home Defence during World War I from 5 August 1914 until 19 March 1915, before joining the 1st Battalion Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders at Ypres in March 1915. Gazetted as Brigade Major, 139th Infantry Brigade, Neilson served in France from June 1915 to July 1916 and after with the 34th Division, the 15th Army Corps, the 63rd Division, and Headquarters 4th Army. They were appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1916 Birthday Honours and was four times Mentioned in Despatches (MiD).
Neilson was appointed to the command of the 2nd Battalion Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders at Aldershot in Hampshire in 1922. They were appointed Chief of the General Staff at Aldershot a month before their death caused by a riding accident while out for an early morning ride before breakfast when their horse fell at a jump at Tweseldown Racecourse and rolled on them from which they sustained serious injuries. Neilson was an experienced rider and their horse had never refused a jump before. Gordon Neilson died two days later at the Cambridge Military Hospital in Aldershot on 29 April 1927 age 50 and was buried with full military honours at Aldershot Military Cemetery.
Family
Their father was James Neilson (1838–1903), an Ironmaster and second cousin of Walter Montgomerie Neilson and their mother was Jane Thomson (1848–1913), daughter of George Thomson, the famous Glasgow shipbuilder.
They were the brother of George, Robert and Willie Neilson who were also capped for Scotland. In 1891, they made their debut, along with their brother George, in the game against – it is the only time that brothers have debuted together for Scotland, with the exception of the joint debut of Gavin and Scott Hastings. One of the four Neilson brothers played in each of the 25 matches between Willie and George's debut in 1891, until 1899, when Robert had to withdraw from the Calcutta Cup line-up after breaking their nose.
Their brothers George, William and Robert, all became presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union.
References
1876 births
1927 deaths
Military personnel from Lanarkshire
People educated at Merchiston Castle School
People educated at Fettes College
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Gordon
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
British Army personnel of World War I
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
Burials at Aldershot Military Cemetery
Merchistonian FC players
West of Scotland FC players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Rugby union players from South Lanarkshire
Rugby union forwards
The 1998 S.League was the third season of the S.League, the top professional football league in Singapore. Teams played each other once both home and away, in a 20-match season.
The 1998 S.League was won by Singapore Armed Forces, their second consecutive title.
Teams
Jurong left Bukit Gombak Stadium upon completion of their new home ground Jurong East Stadium. Home United also relocated, leaving Jalan Besar Stadium to move into Bishan Stadium. Two new teams entered into the competition – Gombak United (who took the place of Jurong playing at Bukit Gombak Stadium) and Marine Castle United who made Hougang Stadium their home – taking the number of participating teams to eleven. Tiong Bahru United were renamed Tanjong Pagar United for the 1998 season.
Foreign players
Each club is allowed to have up to a maximum of 5 foreign players.
League table
Singapore Armed Forces qualified to compete in the 1999–2000 Asian Club Championship. This was their second appearance in continental competition. The club met with more success than in their first appearance, defeating Royal Dolphins of the Cambodian League 11–3 on aggregate in the East Asian first round. They were defeated in the second round by Sinthana of the Thai Premier League, going down 3–2 on aggregate.
Top scorers
External links
S.League 1998
Singapore Premier League seasons
1
Sing
Sing
Lowitt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adam Lowitt, American standup comedian
Richard Lowitt (1922–2018), American historian
See also
Lewitt
English-language surnames
Nidamangalam Junction (station code: NMJ) is a junction railway station serving Needamangalam in Tamil Nadu, India.
The station is a part of the Tiruchirappalli railway division of the Southern Railway zone and connects the city to various parts of the state as well as the rest of the country.
Location and layout
The railway station is located off the NH 67, Nidamangalam junction of Needamangalam, while the nearest airport is situated away in Tiruchirappalli.
Lines
The station connects Chennai Egmore, Thanjavur Junction, Tiruchchirappalli Junction, , , , , Rameswaram, etc.
BG single line towards Nagapattinam Junction via Koradacheri.
BG single line towards via Saliyamangalam.
BG single line towards Mannargudi
References
Trichy railway division
Railway stations in Thiruvarur district
Railway junction stations in Tamil Nadu
Coriander (Coriandrum sativum) is a cultivated plant native to Europe and used as a culinary herb.
Coriander may also refer to:
Plants
Eryngium foetidum, a Central and South American herb, also cultivated in Asia, and sometimes called Mexican coriander or long coriander
Persicaria odorata, an Asian herb sometimes called Vietnamese coriander
Porophyllum ruderale, a South American herb sometimes called Bolivian coriander
Other uses
Coriander, the name of a character in the PS2 game Steambot Chronicles
Coriander, the release name of the latest version of Netvibes
Koriand'r, the name of the DC Comics superhero known as Starfire
Coriander Widetrack, a character in the movie Cars
See also
Coreander
36 Signal Regiment is Reserve unit of the Canadian Army, assigned to 36 Canadian Brigade Group. It was created on 1 April 2012 after several years of planning.
Role
The role of 36 Signal Regiment is to force generate combat capable signallers and Communication Information Service (CIS) capabilities to enable command and control in support of Canadian Forces domestic and expeditionary operations.
Organization
The unit was created by amalgamating three existing units into one: 721 (Charlottetown) Communication Regiment, 723 (Halifax) Communication Squadron and 725 (Glace Bay) Communication Squadron. The new unit consists of the command team and four Squadrons:
Headquarters Squadron (Halifax) - Willow Park Armoury, Halifax, NS
1 Squadron (Charlottetown) - Brighton Compound, Charlottetown, PEI
3 Squadron (Halifax) - Willow Park Armoury, Halifax, NS
5 Squadron (Glace Bay) - Glace Bay Armouries, Glace Bay, NS
Members
When fully manned, the Regiment consists of nearly 200 soldiers and officers. Members are primarily Signal Officers and Army Communication Informations Systems Specialists (ACISS) (trades of the Communications and Electronics Branch). They are supported by Resource Management Support (RMS) Clerks, Supply Technicians and Vehicle Technicians. The majority of positions are part-time reservists, supported by a small cadre of Regular Force members and full-time reservists.
Equipment
The Regiment operates a variety of vehicles, including:
Light Support Vehicle Wheeled (LSVW)
Command Post variant
Cargo variant
Cable laying variant
Light Utility Vehicle Wheeled (LUVW) Militarized Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (MilCOTS)
Standard variant
Cable laying variant
Medium Support Vehicle System (MSVS) Militarized Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (MilCOTS)
Cargo variant
Flatbed variant
Radio and Telephone equipment includes:
Truck mounted VHF and HF Radio systems
Man portable (MANPACK) VHF and HF Radio systems
Static Radio systems
Mobile Satellite Units (MSU)
Satellite telephones
Switchboards
AN/PRC-138
IRIS family of radios
AN/PRC-521
AN/PRC-522
AN/VRC-513 (V) 1
AN/PRC-513 (V) 2
Personal Weapons
C7A2 5.56mm Rifle
Browning 9mm Pistol
C9 5.56mm Light Machine Gun
Histories of the old units
721 (Charlottetown) Communication Regiment
UBI INCEPIT (Where it Began)
Authorization for the formation of Signals on PEI was received in 1904 and the unit stood up as 12 Signaling Sections in support of the 12th Military District. The strength of the unit at this time was less than 15 all ranks. 12 Signaling Sections was the second authorized Signal unit in Canada. On August 17, 1914, a detachment of 7 Signalmen from 12 Signaling Sections was the first to leave Prince Edward Island for overseas service in the Great War. They served with distinction from 1914 until 1919 and were the recipients of nine decorations for service in the field. Several were mentioned in dispatches, two were wounded, but none were killed. Following the war, the unit underwent 4 name changes as Military Districts underwent organizational changes. In 1939, at the outbreak of World War II, the unit was No 6 District Signals. When mobilization orders were received on 1 September 1939, prior to Canada's declaration of war, one hundred percent of unit strength reported for duty. They served in many theaters of operation but most were assigned to 3 Divisional Signals and came ashore at Normandy on "D" Day 6 June 1944.
The present day Regiment derived its lineage from 5 Signal Regiment when it stood up in 1970. 5 Signal Regiment/721 Communication Regiment has won the prestigious Malloch Trophy, emblematic of the most proficient Signal Unit in Canada, an unprecedented 11 times, The Genet Trophy, national runner-up, once and the Beament Trophy, for top unit in the Atlantic Region, an unprecedented 16 times. In keeping with its assigned mission, the Regiment has provided personnel to numerous NATO and UN peacekeeping operations throughout the world. The unit is currently assigned the mission of providing support to community and local activities and combat capable augmentation and communication support to assigned formations. The Regiment is located at Brighton Compound, Victoria Park, Charlottetown, PEI.
723 (Halifax) Communication Squadron
DILSEACHD OS BARR (Loyalty Above All)
723 Communication Squadrons can be traced back almost to the inception of the Canadian Signals Corps. On 24 October 1903, General Order 167 authorized the formation of the Canadian Signals Corps, the first independent Signals Corps in the British Empire. In 1904, Militia Order No. 45, dated 24 February 1904, authorized the signals corps an establishment of 90 all ranks. This included 18 officers and 72 NCM's, which was broken down to 1 signals officer, 6 signalmen and 7 enlisted personnel per militia district with No. 9 Signals Section in Halifax. In April 1911, reorganization created No. 6 Signal Company Halifax, Nova Scotia. The headquarters was located in Halifax but sub units were deployed throughout the region including: Woodstock, Saint John, Salt Springs and Charlottetown. This organization lasted until after World War I. On 6 August 1914, General Order 172 authorized the formation of 1 Canadian Division Signals Company. On August 20, 1914, the company began forming in Valcartier for overseas deployment. This Company was brought up to strength by drafts from 1, 2, 3 and 6 Signal Companies. The 1st Division Signal Company reached the Western Front on 15 Jan 1915. Through the war 4 Divisional Signal Companies were formed, Major T.E. Powers commanded the 3rd Divisional Signal Company in France. After the war the reorganization of the Non Permanent Army Militia (NPAM) began in the 1920s. The Dominion of Canada was divided into 11 Military Districts with one Signal Battalion for each plus two fortress Companies in Halifax and Vancouver, seven troops and 19 Signal Companies. Nova Scotia consisted of Military District 6. Halifax became 6 Fortress Signal Company. On 1 April 1936 this unit became Supplementary to Eastern Fortress Establishment. As of 3 September 1939, written in an order for battle which listed District 6 Signals Permanent Force as No. 6 Detachment Halifax with its NPAM as No. 6 Fortress Signal Company Halifax.
During World War II, 6 Fortress Signal Company helped with the defence of Halifax and Eastern Approaches. This however did not limit personnel from volunteering for overseas duty and members helped to augment Signals units that went overseas. As the war progressed, responsibilities developed and in 1941 fortress signals transformed into Area Signal Companies under Atlantic Command Signals, Royal Canadian Corps Signals. No. 6 Signal Company was located in Halifax. Communications facilities were built across the Maritimes to support all units assigned to the defence of the East Coast. All this construction also provided valuable experience for reinforcements to Europe.
After the war between 1945 and 1948 the active component of the signal unit was reorganized to become Eastern Command Signal Regiment, the reserve component became East Coast Signal Regiment. East Coast Signal Regiment had a HQ in Halifax with 1 Area Signal Squadron in Halifax, 2 Area Signal Squadrons in Saint John and No. 4 Troop 1 Area Signal Squadron located in Glace Bay. In the 1950s discussions were held and it was recommended by the Signals Association and reserve Commanding Officers that all units should reflect the same Regimental Model. Hence the renaming of the Regiment to, 6th Signal Regiment Halifax, in 1960. In 1956 Glace Bay was reduced to nil strength and in 1960 St John became independent. The unit moved into the Cogswell Street Barracks in 1949, and again to the Halifax Armouries in 1953 where is still resides today. In 1965 was the formation of Canadian Forces Communication Systems (CFCS) and in 1968 was the unification of the Canadian Forces. Through all these changes the militia suffered huge budget cuts in 1965 and like many other units the 6th Signal Regiment HQ was retired to the supplementary order and 1 Area Signal Squadron Halifax remained. Even with the cuts training remained the same. In 1970 CFCS became official and was now called Canadian Forces Communication Command (CFCC). All signal reserves were now under the Command of CFCC rather than the Army. This brings us to the formation of the Group Headquarters across Canada with 72 Communication Groups taking control of all the Maritime Reserve Communication units. 723 Communication Squadron Halifax as we all know has been created.
In 2008 the Communication Reserve began its transformation back to the Army after almost 40 years. After a few ideas being thrown around like Operational Support Groups (OSG's) a decision was made that by September 2010 the Group Headquarters would dissolve and each Brigade Group would form a Signal Regiment. Halifax was to become 36 Signal Regiment with a Headquarters in Halifax and its sub units being 721 Communication Regiment Charlottetown, 723 Communication Squadron Halifax and 725 Communication Squadron Glace Bay.
725 (Glace Bay) Communication Squadron
The badge of 725 Communication Squadrons was chosen for its historical significance to communications world and the role that Glace Bay and Guglielmo Marconi played in the first official radio message to Poldhu, Cornwall, England, in 1905. The towers and building were located in Table Head, Glace Bay, which overlooks the Atlantic Ocean. A public service began between the stations on October 15, 1907, with ten thousand words being exchanged on the first day.
DEFERO PER PERSERVERANTIA (Communications through Persistence)
Prior to 1956 there was No. 4 Troop 1 Area Signal Squadron located in Glace Bay. In 1987 a detachment of 721 Communication Regiments was established in Glace Bay to provide communication support to the Militia units in the Cape Breton Area. It was through the hard work of LCol J. Addicott that the unit was established. In 1993, CF Communication Command (CFCC) recognized that the demands on the Detachment required an increase in its establishment to unit size and indicated its intention to reorganize it as 725 (Glace Bay) Communications Squadron. It also directed that the Det be placed under Comd of 72 Communication Groups in Halifax until the unit could be formally established. Unfortunately, the proposed changes were not accepted due to budget cuts and the unit remained under command of 721 Communication Regiments. 721 Communication Troops remained the only Troop in the Communication Reserve, until the concept of making the unit into a Squadron was revived. On 20 September 2005 Ministerial Organization Order 2005013 was approved by Bill Graham, Minister of National Defence directing 725 Communication Squadrons to organize as a unit of the Canadian Forces; directing the unit to be embodied in the Reserve Force; and that the new entity be allocated to 72 Communication Groups. On 10 December 2005, 725 Communication Squadrons held an Official Stand-Up Parade.
The current location of Squadron is 400 metres from the Marconi National Historic Site of Canada at Table Head, where Guglielmo Marconi established transatlantic radio communications. It is also 100 km from Baddeck, Nova Scotia, where Alexander Graham Bell moved after inventing the telephone. The inventions of both these gentlemen are the foundations of modern military communications.
References
External links
Marconi National Historic Site of Canada
Alexander Graham Bell National Historic Site of Canada
Communications and Electronics Branch (C & E Branch)
Military Communications and Electronics Museum
The Signallers Club of Canada
"Semaphore to Satellite"
Canadian Forces Recruiting
Canadian Forces and Department of National Defence
Richard Lacroix's Military Communications Home Page
The Impact of Tactical Communications on Future Military Effectiveness
Military communications regiments of Canada
Military units and formations established in 2012
Flat Out may refer to:
Flat Out (horse), a racehorse
Flat Out (Buck Dharma album), 1982
Flat Out (John Scofield album), 1989
Flatout, a brand of Flatbreads owned by T. Marzetti Company
Flat Out, a term coined in reference to the speed in which a Rock Flathead moves through water, coined by Maddog Stratford in 1927 on a fishing charter in Corner Inlet, Victoria
FlatOut (series), a demolition derby/racing video game series developed by Bugbear Entertainment
FlatOut (video game) (2004)
FlatOut 2 (2006)
FlatOut 3: Chaos & Destruction (2011)
FlatOut 4: Total Insanity (2017)
Gander Bay is a natural bay located on the island of Newfoundland, in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Gander Bay takes its name from the lake and river which terminates within the inner reaches of this bay.
Communities
Rodgers Cove
Wings Point
Dormans Cove
Clarke's Head
Gander Bay South
Main Point
Davidsville
Beaver Cove
Victoria Cove
Bays of Newfoundland and Labrador
The 13th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 13වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1984 Sinhala cinema on July 20, 1985, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. First Lady of Sri Lanka Hema Premadasa was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Sasara Chethana won the most awards with seven.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1985 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
The ochraceous piculet (Picumnus limae) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is endemic to eastern Brazil.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
The species itself is big in numbers so they are classified as the least concern species. Which means that they are a species that do not qualify for protection due to the fact that they aren't a threatened or endangered species. But as of recently they could fall under the endangered category due to massive habitat loss caused by deforestation.
They tend to have a grayish top with a whitish buff below. Males have red tops, that is how to distinguish between male and female. All have pointed beaks in order to make indentations in wood. What is so different about this species is that when mating and distributing its eggs, they dig cavities in dead tree trunks and branches and other types of trees. Then the male and female both participate in construction of the nest for incubation of up to as much as four eggs and then feed and take care of the offspring afterwards.
References
Cockle, K. L. (2015). (PDF) white-barred piculet (picumnus cirratus) nestlings ... Researchgate.net. Retrieved October 30, 2021, from https://www.researchgate.net/publication/343137769_White-barred_Piculet_Picumnus_cirratus_nestlings_killed_by_White-fronted_Woodpecker_Melanerpes_cactorum_in_dry_Chaco_woodlands_of_Argentina.
Da Silva, M. (2012). Reproduction of the Ochraceous piculet in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil. Web of science. Retrieved October 30, 2021, from https://www.webofscience.com/wos/woscc/full-record/WOS:000209469300011.
Further reading
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
ochraceous piculet
Birds of the Caatinga
Endemic birds of Brazil
ochraceous piculet
ochraceous piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Road to Ruin is a 1934 pre-Code exploitation film directed by Dorothy Davenport, under the name "Mrs. Wallace Reid", and Melville Shyer, and written by Davenport with the uncredited contribution of the film's producer, Willis Kent. The film, now in the public domain, portrays a young woman whose life is ruined by sex and drugs.
Plot
Ann Dixon and Eve Monroe are high school friends. Eve is more "experienced" and shows Ann some things that are new to Ann, like smoking and drinking alcohol. Eve laughs when Ann asks her, "Do you let boys kiss you?" One weekend, Ann and Eve go to the lake with fellow high schoolers, Tommy and Ed. After what must have been Ann's first sexual experience, they cry pitifully and Tommy asks them whether they hate him. But, Ann continues to see Tommy and they go to restaurants where they drink alcohol and make out.
One night while out drinking, Ralph notices Ann and likes what they see. Noticing that their date, Tommy, has had too much to drink, they move in on Ann. Since Tommy is out of it, Ann joins Ralph for a drink. When Tommy tries to fight Ralph, they and Ed are kicked out of the place. Ann drops Tommy, and they warn them that Ralph is "bad news for a girl like you." One night, at Ralph's home they give Ann a "special brew" and they end up (apparently) having intercourse, since Ann has no resistance.
Ann continues to see Ralph and lies to their parents about where they have been. Ann and Ralph attend a party at Brad's where most of the guests are drinking to excess. The party guests begin a game akin to strip poker, played with dice. Only the girls seem to lose their clothing, and eventually lots of the guests noisily end up in the swimming pool, lacking much of their clothes. Disgruntled neighbors are outraged and call the police. Ralph sees the cops arrive, and leaves, abandoning Ann to be arrested with Eve. Ann and Eve end up with the Mrs. Merrill, head of the Girls Division of the Juvenile Department of the police. The girls are required to be "examined" by a doctor before they can be released. The examination reveals Ann is a "Sex Delinquent." Mrs. Merrill tells Mrs. Dixon that today's youth needs the armor of knowledge and sex instruction.
Later, we find out that Eve is also a sex delinquent, but they have responded successfully to "treatment." Then, we find out through innuendo that Ann is going to have a baby. They tell Ralph and finds out that they are married. They also (apparently) suggests they get an abortion. The abortion, "a clumsy, unsanitary operation" leaves Ann gravely ill. On Ann's deathbed, their mother asks Ann for forgiveness for utterly failing her; Ann quietly slips away.
Cast
Helen Foster as Ann Dixon
Nell O'Day as Eve Monroe
Glen Boles as Tommy
Robert Quirk as Ed
Paul Page as Ralph Bennett
Richard Hemingway as Brad
Virginia True Boardman as Martha Dixon
Richard Tucker as Mr. Dixon
Director/writer Dorothy Davenport appears in the film in the role of "Mrs. Merrill." Mae Busch and Fern Emmett appear in uncredited roles.
Production
The Road to Ruin is a sound re-make of a 1928 silent film of the same name, written and produced by Willis Kent and also starring Helen Foster. Foster, reprising their role as a high school girl, was 27 years old at the time, and six years older than their on-screen boyfriend, Glen Boles.
The titles and composers of the three songs performed in the film are not recorded.
To promote the film, the producers advertised that it was not to be shown to anyone under eighteen, implying that it contained salacious material. Film censors in Virginia required a "record number" of cuts in the film before clearing it for release, according to Film Daily, while in Detroit, the film was boycotted by the Catholic Church, but was cleared by the local censors after some cuts.
A novelization of the film was put out by the producers, apparently intended for use by school and civic groups as an aid to discussion of the social problems presented in the film: teenage drinking, promiscuity, pregnancy and abortion.
Reception
The reviewer for Variety found the film "restrained" in comparison to the more "hotly sexed" silent version, while other reviewers found it to be an improvement over the earlier film, and "sensational". A modern critic called the film "[A] sordid drive down the path of moral and physical degradation, capped off with just enough of a moral lesson to alleviate any guilt the viewer might feel for watching such a decadent display."
See also
Pre-Code sex films
Notes
Bibliography
Felicia Feaster and Bret Wood. Forbidden Fruit: The Golden Age of Exploitation Film. (Midnight Marquee Press, 1999).
External links
1934 films
American black-and-white films
1930s exploitation films
Films directed by Dorothy Davenport
1934 drama films
American exploitation films
American drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Obinitsa (also known as Obiniste, Abinitsa, Kirikmäe) is a village in Setomaa Parish, Võru County, southeastern Estonia. It has a population of 187 (as of 1 January 2009).
The Meremäe-Obinitsa Primary School was closed in 2009, after that the building is used as a nursing home.
Obinitsa is the Finno-Ugric Capital of Culture in 2015.
Obinitsa School-Church
Obinitsa School-Church is an Estonian Apostolic Orthodox Church. It is located in Obinitsa, about 280 kilometers from Tallinn. Construction of the church began in 1896 and its official inauguration came in 1897. On 16 December 1894, land was allocated for a church and school by the Obinitsa village community. The Church was closed in 1950. The bell tower was dismantled and the building turned into a school.
Gallery
See also
The Obinitsa Church of Transfiguration of Our Lord
References
Villages in Võru County
Setomaa Parish
Feldebrő is a village in Heves county in Hungary.
Settings
Feldebrő stands in the valley of the Tarna River, at the southeastern foot of the Mátra Mountains. Nearby villages include Vécs, Aldebrő, Tófalu, Kerecsend, Egerszólát, and Verpelét. The village belongs to the Archdiocese of Eger.
Origin of the name of the village
The name of the village comes from the Hungarian word debrő "broad valley." It may be related to the Slavic dialect term debra "floodplain."
Sightseeing
During the Árpád period the village belonged to the Aba family. It may have been one of that family's principle seats, given that a Hungarian king was buried in the church. The original church in the form of a Greek cross was built in the 11th century; it contained the tomb of King Samuel Aba of Hungary. The building was later transformed into a three-nave church, but the original crypt was preserved.
References
Henszlmann, Imre (1876): Magyarország ó-keresztyén, román és átmeneti stylü mű-emlékeinek rövid ismertetése, (Old Christian, Romanesque and Transitional Style Architecture in Hungary). Királyi Magyar Egyetemi Nyomda, Budapest
Gerő, László (1984): Magyar műemléki ABC. (Hungarian Architectural Heritage ABC.) Budapest
Gerevich Tibor: Magyarország románkori emlékei. (Die romanischen Denkmäler Ungarns.) Egyetemi nyomda. Budapest, 1938.
External links
Feldebrő Official Homepage
European vine tours poratl
Feldebrő on Vendégváró homepage
Feldebrő in the szeporszag.hu homepage
Aerial photos
Feldebrő – railway station
Romanesque architecture in Hungary
Populated places in Heves County
Anders Johnsen Buen (24 February 1864 – 17 July 1933) was a Norwegian typographer, newspaper editor, trade unionist and politician. They belonged to the Norwegian Labour Party from the start, being party secretary as well as editor of the party organs Social-Demokraten and Ny Tid, but politically they were described as a "reformist pragmatic", and was thus a member of the breakaway Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway from 1921 to 1927.
Early life and education
Buen was born in Gransherad as the son of farmer Jon Olsen Buen (1823–1906) and their wife Aslaug Olsdatter (1826–1906). They finished primary school, and attended a secondary school in Vang, Hedmark for two years, before entering apprenticeship as a book printer at W.C. Fabritius in Kristiania in 1879. They then educated himself, and worked, as a typographer.
Labour movement
In 1885 Buen was among the founders of the association Socialdemokratisk Forening. The association took control over the newspaper Vort Arbeide ('Our Work'), founded in 1884 by Christian Holtermann Knudsen, and Buen was hired there as a journalist. The name was changed from Vort Arbeide to Social-Demokraten ('The Social Democrat') in 1886. Buen was appointed editor-in-chief of Social-Demokraten in 1900, and as this was the main organ for the Labour Party, Buen became party secretary as well. They also chaired their local trade union from 1897 to 1898, and served one term in Kristiania city council from 1901 to 1903.
In 1903 a conflict in the party forced the retreat of Buen as editor-in-chief. They were also replaced as party secretary. Instead, they were sent to Trondhjem to edit the party organ in that city, Ny Tid. They served as a member of Trondhjem city council from 1907 to 1910 and from 1913 to their death. They were also elected to the first session of the Norwegian Parliament in 1906, 1909, 1912, 1915 and 1918, representing the single-member constituency of Lademoen. They led the Labour Party parliamentary group from 1913 to 1921, and from 1919 to 1921 they served as President of the Storting.
In the meantime Buen had been succeeded as editor of Ny Tid by Martin Tranmæl. Tranmæl belonged to the radical wing of the Labour Party, and in 1921 the moderate wing broke out to form the Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway, due to disagreements over the Labour Party's membership in the Comintern and adaption of the Twenty-one Conditions. Buen, described as a "reformist pragmatic", joined the Social Democratic Labour Party. From 1922 to 1927 they edited the newspaper Trøndelag Social-Demokrat, which can be considered an offshoot of Ny Tid. Labour Party had officially scrapped the Twenty-one Conditions in 1923, and in 1927 the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Labour Party reconciled, and reunited. Trøndelag Social-Demokrat was disestablished, but since Ny Tid had been usurped when the Communist Party of Norway broke away from the Labour Party in 1923, the Labour Party organ in Trondhjem was now Arbeider-Avisen. Buen worked as a journalist here for a few years. They also managed the local branch of Norges Bank from 1916 to their death in 1933, and had been a member of the board of the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate from 1921 to 1923.
References
1864 births
1933 deaths
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian trade unionists
Politicians from Oslo
Politicians from Trondheim
Presidents of the Storting
Members of the Storting
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway politicians
Norwegian bankers
Dagsavisen editors
Feed the Machine is the ninth studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback, and was released on June 16, 2017. It is the band's first release through record label BMG. Feed the Machine debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 with 47,000 album-equivalent units.
Background
Following the release of their prior album, No Fixed Address, in 2014, the band cancelled the majority of their touring due to Chad Kroeger needing to have surgery to remove a cyst in their vocal cord. The band subsequently became bogged down in legal battles related to the cancellation of the tour.
The album was released on June 16, 2017. Shortly after the release of the album, the band began a 44-city tour on June 23, 2017 in North America, co-headlined with Daughtry, Shaman's Harvest and Cheap Trick as supporting acts.
Promotion and release
The album's first single, "Feed the Machine" was released on February 1, 2017. The second single, "Song on Fire", was released on April 28, 2017. On June 1, 2017, Nickelback made the song "Must Be Nice" available on their YouTube channel and gave it away to those who had pre-ordered the album. "Must Be Nice" was released to American rock radio stations on June 6, 2017 as the album's third official single and second rock single.
Commercial performance
Feed the Machine debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 with 47,000 album-equivalent units, of which 43,000 were pure album sales. It debuted at number three in the UK, becoming their highest-debuting album of their career in that country. Later, it has been certified Silver by the BPI for sales in excess of 60,000 copies.
Track listing
Personnel
Nickelback
Chad Kroeger – lead vocals, guitar
Ryan Peake – guitar, keyboards, backing vocals
Mike Kroeger – bass guitar
Daniel Adair – drums, backing vocals
Other musicians
Nuno Bettencourt – guitar solo on 'For the River'
Production
Chris Baseford – production, mixing
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing
Randy Staub – mixing
Ted Jensen – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Works cited
2017 albums
Nickelback albums
Comair may refer to:
Comair (South Africa), defunct South Africa based airline
Comair Flight Services, South African business charter airline
Comair (United States), defunct Cincinnati-based airline owned by Delta Air Lines
Oncostemum oliganthum is a species of flowering plant in the Primulaceae family. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Primulaceae
Endemic flora of Madagascar
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
Taxa named by Carl Christian Mez
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Hiyama was born in Kyoto Prefecture on November 11, 1980. After graduating from high school, they joined the J1 League club Cerezo Osaka in 1999. On June 12, they debuted as a substitute forward against Kashiwa Reysol in the J.League Cup. However they only played in that one match and retired at the end of the 2000 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Association football people from Kyoto Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Cerezo Osaka players
Association football forwards
Kuznetsky Most () is a Moscow Metro station in the Meshchansky District, Central Administrative Okrug, Moscow. It is on the Tagansko-Krasnopresnenskaya Line. Designed by Nina Aleshin and N. Samoylova the station was the first column type to be built since the 1950s. It was opened in 1975 as part of the linking segment between the Zhdanovskaya and Krasnopresnenskaya Line. Decoratively the station is a column tri-vault. The columns are faced with "gazgan" marble archways (reminding one of a viaduct). The floor is covered with polarised black granite. The snow-white marble of the walls is decorated with decorative artworks created by M. Alekseyev. The vestibule of the station is located in the courtyard of Rozhdestvenka Street, 6. At the opposite end of the station is a transfer to the Lubyanka station on the Sokolnicheskaya Line.
Moscow Metro stations
Railway stations in Russia opened in 1975
Tagansko-Krasnopresnenskaya Line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Jean Carlos de Souza Irmer (born 26 September 1994), simply known as Jean, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Juventude.
Career
Jean started their career in their hometown, Taguatinga, Federal District, playing in amateur leagues. In 2012, they moved to Iguaçu Agex in Curitiba. Shortly after, they were acquired by Argentinean club Estudiantes de La Plata. They participated in their youth squads, but did not have many chances in the professional team, prompting their return to Brazil's Paraná.
They were a regular member of the team until August 2016, when they signed with then defending national champions Sport Club Corinthians Paulista for a rumored fee of R$400,000.
On 22 September 2020, Jean Irmer signed with Marítimo.
On 14 July 2021, they moved to Gil Vicente on a two-year deal.
Career statistics
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Federal District (Brazil)
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Primeira Liga players
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
Paraná Clube players
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista players
CR Vasco da Gama players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
C.S. Marítimo players
Gil Vicente F.C. players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
The Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB) of the United States is a national non-profit organization that represents the 71 state medical and osteopathic boards of the United States and its territories and co-sponsors the United States Medical Licensing Examination. Medical boards license physicians, investigate complaints, discipline those who violate the law, conduct physician evaluations, and facilitate the rehabilitation of physicians where appropriate. The FSMB's mission calls for "continual improvement in the quality, safety and integrity of health care through the development and promotion of high standards for physician licensure and practice."
Based in Euless, Texas and Washington, D.C., the FSMB serves as the national voice for its member boards and is a recognized authority throughout the United States and internationally on issues related to medical licensure and discipline.
The United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) is a three-step (three-part) professional examination for medical licensure that is sponsored by the FSMB and the National Board of Medical Examiners (NBME).
History
The Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution authorizes states to establish laws and regulations protecting the health, safety and general welfare of their citizens. Medicine is a regulated profession in the United States because of the potential harm to the public if an incompetent or impaired physician is licensed to practice.
To protect the public from the unprofessional, improper, unlawful, fraudulent and/or incompetent practice of medicine, each of the 50 states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories (Puerto Rico, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands) has a medical practice act that defines the practice of medicine and delegates the authority to enforce the law to a state medical board. By following up on complaints, medical boards also give the public a way to enforce basic standards of competence and ethical behavior in their physicians, and physicians a way to protect the integrity of their profession. State medical boards also adopt policies and guidelines related to the practice of medicine. However, medical boards sometimes engage in the unethical practice of sham peer review.
The FSMB was founded in 1912 through a merger between the National Confederation of State Medical Examining and Licensing Boards (established in 1891) and the American Confederation of Reciprocating Examining and Licensing Boards (established in 1902). The founding of the FSMB coincides with the national impact of the Flexner Report, which was published in 1910 by the Carnegie Foundation and led to dramatic changes in medical education.
In 1915 the FSMB began publication of the Monthly Bulletin, the first regular publication since the Quarterly, which ceased publication after the first volume. The FSMB was unique in that it was the first group to publish the names of disciplined physicians in its Monthly Bulletin. In 1920 or 1921 the name of the publication was changed to Federation Bulletin and publication continued on a monthly basis. The year 1993 saw the development of a new, larger format for the publication, which was called the Journal of Medical Licensure and Discipline. In 2010, the journal was renamed the Journal of Medical Regulation.
Since its establishment, the FSMB has initiated and strengthened cooperation among state medical boards and facilitated collaborative efforts between state medical boards and other entities. All 71 medical boards of the United States and its territories, including the 14 state boards of osteopathic medicine, belong to the FSMB. Members of these boards are known as Fellows of the FSMB, so long as they are serving as members of a member medical board and for a period of 36 months thereafter, and many of them have been prominent in the affairs of numerous other major medical organizations in the United States. The FSMB is a parent organization of the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME) and the Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG). It was a founding member of what was to become the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS) and remains an associate member of that body.
The FSMB's Chief Executive Officers since the organization's inception have been George H. Matson, (1912), Otto V. Huffman, (1912–1915), Walter L. Bierring, (1915–1961), Stiles D. Ezell, (1961), Harold E. Jervey Jr., (1961–1962, 1977–1984), McKinley H. Crabb, (1962–1977), Bryant L. Galusha, (1984–1989), James R. Winn, (1989–2001), Dale L. Austin, M.A. (2001–2002), James N. Thompson, (2002–2008) and Barbara S. Schneidman, (2009). Humayun Chaudhry began their tenure as President and CEO on October 19, 2009.
Organization
Leadership
Board of Directors
The federation is run by a board of directors which is elected by the 71 member state and territorial medical regulatory authorities within the federation. As of 2022:
Sarvam TerKonda - Chair
Jeffrey Carter - Chair-elect
Jone Geimer-Flanders - Treasurer
Kenneth Simons - Immediate Past Chair
Humayun Chaudhry - Secretary; President and CEO
Members
USMLE Examination
The United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) is sponsored by the FSMB. The USMLE must be passed before a Doctor of Medicine with an M.D. degree can obtain a license to practice medicine in the United States.
Activities
The FSMB is guided in its actions and activities by its House of Delegates, in which every member board is represented. Its activities include conducting or commissioning research to determine whether an emerging trend in medical practice requires the attention of its member boards; developing and updating policy guidelines to reflect the impact of scientific advances, new technologies and changing cultural attitudes; helping member boards carry out their duties as regulators of the medical profession through educational meetings, programs, and seminars; representing its member boards in a growing number of collaborations as new medical knowledge and new technologies demand work across old boundaries; serving as a national and international spokesperson on issues related to medical regulation and discipline; and conducting outreach to the public around new initiatives and responding to calls from the media, editors and concerned citizens.
Foundation
The FSMB Foundation (formerly the FSMB Education and Research Foundation) is the philanthropic arm of the FSMB and makes financial grants for education and research projects that support the work of the state medical boards. The Foundation, as a 501(c)(3) organization, can compete for external grant funds and, when appropriate, direct them back to state medical boards in the form of grants that address education and research needs. In April 2006, the FSMB Foundation was awarded a grant to develop online physician education. The Online Prescriber Education Network portal now offers 32 available educational courses.
Starting in 2013, the foundation has hosted an annual luncheon which has raised thousands of dollars to support Foundation activities, including research into how states addressed the COVID-19 pandemic. In April 2022, the foundation held its 10th Anniversary luncheon.
Services
The FSMB's Federation Physician Data Center (FPDC) provides comprehensive information on regulatory actions and other vital information reported against physicians. It offers two services to assist medical boards in their credentialing efforts: the Board Action Data Bank Search and the Disciplinary Alert Service, both of which are considered primary source equivalents by NCQA, URAC and the Joint Commission. The FPDC permits medical boards to view a consolidated national record of disciplinary actions taken against a physician dating back to the early 1960s. Actions by medical boards and governmental agencies include revocation, suspension or denial of license renewal. Through the FPDC's Disciplinary Alert Service, the FSMB electronically notifies all member boards within 48 hours when any member board reports a disciplinary action against a physician or physician assistant. A similar service advises hospitals and managed care organizations when one of their physicians has been disciplined. The FPDC is routinely consulted by licensing and disciplinary boards; military, governmental and private agencies; and organizations involved in the employment and/or credentialing of physicians. The FPDC also serves state medical boards as a back-up repository, both in hard copy and electronic files, of their disciplinary action data. In case of emergencies or local system failures, member boards can recreate all of their physician discipline files through the FPDC. During the immediate aftermath of the effects of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the staffs of the FSMB and its members boards worked together to expedite medical care for victims while simultaneously protecting the public from dangerous doctors or imposter physicians.
The FSMB's Federation Credentials Verification Service (FCVS), created in 1996, provides a permanent repository for the core credentials of physicians and physician assistants. In February 2009, FCVS received its 100,000th physician applicant.
The Post-Licensure Assessment System (PLAS) is a joint program of the FSMB and the National Board of Medical Examiners. The PLAS provides comprehensive services to medical licensing authorities for use in assessing the ongoing competence of licensed or previously licensed physicians. Such services benefit state medical boards, hospitals and other organizations interested in ensuring that physicians who are providing patient care are competent to do so.
The FSMB publishes both electronic and print materials to inform member boards, physicians and the public about medical licensing, regulation, discipline and medical trends. The FSMB's quarterly flagship publication, the Journal of Medical Licensure and Discipline, is not currently indexed by PubMed, as was its predecessor, the "Federal Bulletin." A monthly newsletter, FSMB Newsline, and a weekly e-mail publication, BoardNet News, keep member boards and their staff up to date.
Controversies
Pharmaceutical funding
The FSMB Foundation developed Responsible Opioid Prescribing: A Physician's Guide, a book written by Scott M. Fishman, that translates the FSMB's Model Policy for the Use of Controlled Substances for the Treatment of Pain into pragmatic implementation strategies for risk reduction of addiction, abuse and diversion, patient education and monitoring. In February 2012, MedPage Today revealed that the FSMB sought $100,000 in funding from Purdue Pharma to pay for printing and distribution costs of the book.
See also
International Association of Medical Colleges
References
External links
Official website for the Federation of State Medical Boards
Medical and health organizations based in Texas
Charles Gotthold Reichel (14 July 1751 in Hermsdorf, Silesia – 18 April 1825 at Niesky, Prussia) was a Moravian bishop.
Biography
They were educated in the Moravian college and theological seminary of Germany. In 1784 they went to the United States in order to open a boarding school for boys at Nazareth, Pennsylvania which was still in operation by the end of the 19th century, and over which they presided, as its first principal, for 16 years. Having been appointed presiding bishop of the southern district of the Moravian church, they were consecrated to the episcopacy in 1801.
During their residence at Salem, North Carolina, the University of North Carolina conferred on them the degree of D.D. In 1811 they were appointed presiding bishop of the northern district of the church, and moved to Bethlehem. In 1818 they attended the general synod at Herrnhut, Saxony, after which they remained in Europe and retired from active service.
See also
Nazareth Hall
Notes
References
1751 births
1825 deaths
19th-century Moravian bishops
People from Głogów County
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
People from Nazareth, Pennsylvania
People from Salem, North Carolina
Mount Velain () is a 750 m tall mountain with an isolated, black triangular summit showing through its snow mantle, standing in the northeast part of Adelaide Island. It was first charted by the French Antarctic Expedition 1903–05, under Charcot, and named by them for Charles Velain, a French geologist, geographer, and professor of physical geography at the Sorbonne.
References
Mountains of Adelaide Island
is a private women's college in Ibaraki, Osaka, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1878 by educator Poro Sawayama. It was chartered as a junior women's college in 1950 and became a four-year college in 1964.
References
External links
Official website (Japanese)
Official website (English)
Educational institutions established in 1878
Christian universities and colleges in Japan
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
1878 establishments in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Dimitris Raspas (born 1 April 2001) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a forward for Othellos Athienou, on loan from AEK Larnaca.
Career
On 13 May 2018, Raspas made their senior debut for AEK Larnaca, playing the 67 minutes in a 3-2 win over AEL Limassol. On 4 October 2018, they scored their first ever senior goal two minutes after coming on as a substitute in a 4-2 loss to Bayer Leverkusen in the UEFA Europa League.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
AEK Larnaca
Cypriot Super Cup: 2018
References
Living people
2001 births
Cypriot footballers
Association football forwards
Cypriot First Division players
AEK Larnaca FC players
Othellos Athienou F.C. players
Cyprus youth international footballers
Cosmic Armchair are an electronic music duo formed in 2008 in Singapore by Cosmic Jane and Cosmic Ben. The duo is signed to Belgian record label Alfa Matrix.
History
Cosmic Jane and Cosmic Ben first met at the NUS EML (National University of Singapore's Electronic Music Lab). They released their first EP A Different View in 2009 and released their second EP "A Second Look" in 2010. One reviewer praised this EP's "brand-new revival to New Wave. It's the kind of song with an 80s influence with less cheesiness in synthesizers" as well as their choice of "recording of a girl speaking in a Singaporean accent".
In August 2010, the duo performed in Baybeats festival.
In 2014 they became the first Asian band to sign an album deal with Belgium-based alternative electronic music label Alfa Matrix which also represents international artists like Front 242, Recoil, Nitzer Ebb and Bruderschaft. This gave them better access to audiences everywhere especially in Europe and America.
This exposed them to overseas music critics in Germany, Sweden, and the UK, receiving favourable reviews of their "euphoric club-friendly tracks full of light trance leads and compelling dance beats permeated by ethereal feminine vocals" and "light and airy chill out track" and "synthpop and new wave waters with a fuller and more cohesive sound".
The critics also gave positive reviews of their remixes for other Alfa Matrix artists like:
- Psy'Aviah - "Eurodance inspired remix" on Psy'Aviah - The Xenogamous Endeavour
- Lovelorn Dolls - "laid-back radio mix" of “Miss Friday Night”
- Mondtraume - "absolutely adored the trance touches in Cosmic Armchair's mix, and really appreciated the final few minutes of the song where the trance went along with the rest of the beat"
They also received critical praise for their cover version of The Cure song Friday I'm in Love "Then Cosmic Armchair hits me with a track so full of candy rave goodness, a guilty pleasure of mine (don't judge me, that's my job!), and I am absolutely in love…but hey, it IS Friday. This album gets a thumbs up for this track alone."
Critics in Singapore also enjoyed their ""old school electronic hymns that educe the rave days of the 90s"
and they were listed in Singapore newspaper TODAY as one of "Singapore's electronic music makers".
As part of the Electric Avenue series of concerts also featuring other Singapore electronic musicians like weish, Cosmic Armchair performed two sets at The Esplanade Outdoor Theatre on 11 April 2014.
Alfa Matrix released Cosmic Armchair's third EP We are watching in 2014, and their fourth EP I Don't Belong Here in 2015. The 2015 EP was described as "a sound that comes close to Robyn or La Roux. Catchy electro with a house beat! I Do not Belong Here is a catchy ,and with the right mix this could be a club hit."
The duo performed Digital Dondang Sayang featuring Pantun composed by Ben's Peranakan greatgrandfather, at NUS Baba House NUS Arts Festival in March 2016.
In November 2016, the duo visited Japan to perform songs from upcoming album at EBISU BATICA, Tokyo and at Treasure River Book Cafe, Chiba, Japan.
In 2017, they released first Album Contact from Alfa Matrix. One reviewer described it as containing "all the best attributes that Cosmic Armchair have represented all these years viz. an authentic channeling of 80s synthpop, now commonly called “synthwave”. Not that Contact is purely retro in scope as there are sufficient modern EDM elements to keep the younger listeners interested."
They were named one of the ”10 Highlights of Past Baybeats that We'll Never Ever Forget” on Baybeats blog in 2017.
In 2018 they were commissioned by The Esplanade to produce The Sight of Sound, performing original electronic songs while generating live animated images from different characteristics of their music, and inviting the audience to participate in the creative process by creating collaborative artworks inspired by the music.
Psy'Aviah engaged them to remix another song, Hold On, for the 2019 album Soul Searching.
Discography
Albums
EPs/Singles
A Different View (2009)
A Second Look (2010)
We Are Watching (Alfa Matrix, 2014)
I Don't Belong Here (Alfa Matrix, 2014)
O Come Emmanuel (2017)
Falling (Alfa Matrix, 2018)
Cannonballs (Alfa Matrix, 2018)
Valentine (Alfa Matrix, 2018)
Frontiers (Sight of Sound Remix) (2018)
See You (Sooner) (Alfa Matrix, 2019)
Remixes
Our Singapore (Cosmic Armchair Remix) (2019)
Compilation albums
Matrix Downloaded 003 (Alfa Matrix, 2014)
A strange play - an alfa matrix tribute to The Cure (Alfa Matrix, 2014)
Matrix Downloaded 010 (Alfa Matrix, 2021)
References
External links
Electronic music duos
2008 establishments in Singapore
Singaporean musical groups
Musical groups established in 2008
Irina Anatolievna Malgina (; born in Murmansk on June 8, 1973) is a retired Russian biathlete and sport coach at present.
Biography
Irina Malgina was born in Murmansk, Soviet Union. At school they had engaged in Sambo, figure skating and skiing caused the greatest interest. The first sporting success was the victory in Apatity on the Feast of the North among schoolchild in the 1980s, where they were its overall champion. In 1990, Irina passed on the leadership of coach Yevgeny Komarov, and executed the qualifying standard of the candidate for master of sports.
In the same year they entered the Murmansk State Pedagogical University on specialty "primary school and physical education teacher". After 3 years they have been able to comply with the standard master of sports, and then in 1996 won the Championship of Russia became an international master. However, the most progress began since their move to Khanty-Mansiysk in 1997, when they first won at the 1999 European Championships in Izhevsk.
During the 2001 Winter Universiade in Zakopane, they won gold medals in the 7.5 km sprint, 10 km pursuit and 3 × 7.5 km relay. Later on, they succeeded in winning Continental gold medals another five times during the 2002-2005 year. At the 2006 Biathlon World Championships Irina Malgina was part of the mixed-relay that won owing to them and Nikolay Kruglov, Jr. accurate shooting at the last stage.
References
External links
Russian Biathlon Union profile
1973 births
Living people
People from Murmansk
Russian female biathletes
Biathlon World Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Murmansk Oblast
Cooper Johns (born 14 July 1999) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a or .
They previously played for the Melbourne Storm in the National Rugby League. Despite being released from their NRL side they were called up to the Italian national side for the 2021 Rugby League World Cup.
Background
 They are the son of former Newcastle Knights player Matthew Johns, nephew of Andrew Johns and younger brother of current Newcastle knights player Jack Johns.
Cooper was educated at St Augustine's College, Sydney and represented the NSW CIS team. They played their junior rugby league with the Narraweena Hawks before signing with Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, where they played S. G. Ball Cup as part of Manly's development squad. They would transfer to Melbourne Storm at the end of 2017, where they were allocated to play with the Sunshine Coast Falcons in the Queensland Cup.
Career
2020
Johns made their first grade debut in round 15 of the 2020 NRL season for the Melbourne Storm against Parramatta which ended in a 14-0 loss at Bankwest Stadium. They had their Melbourne jersey (cap number 204) presented to them by Craig Bellamy with their father Matty Johns and their mother present via zoom.
References
External links
Melbourne Storm profile
1999 births
Living people
Australian people of Italian descent
Australian rugby league players
Melbourne Storm players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Newcastle, New South Wales
Sunshine Coast Falcons players
Castell is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany. It was the seat of the Counts of Castell. Today it is part of the municipal association Wiesentheid. It has around 800 inhabitants.
Geography
Location
Castell is located on the western slope of the Mittelgebirge Steigerwald in the district of Kitzingen of the Franconia region. Its territory borders on that of Oberscheinfeld, located in the neighbouring district of Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim.
Subdivision
Castell has seven Ortsteile: Castell, Forsthaus, Geiersmühle, , Gründleinsmühle, and .
The municipal territory was 2,292 hectares in 2013, of which 1,162 ha were accounted for by forest and 936 by agricultural use. Settlement and transport areas total just 168 ha.
Neighbouring communities
Castell borders on (clockwise from the north) Abtswind, Geiselwind, Oberscheinfeld, Iphofen, Wiesenbronn and Rüdenhausen.
History
Castell was first mentioned in the foundation charter of Megingaudshausen Abbey (later moved to Münsterschwarzach), dated 816.
In 1091, a noble named Rupert refers to themselves in a document from the Diocese of Würzburg as de Castello, marking the first use of the name. From 1202, the lords of Castell held the rank of Graf (count), after 1228 with the supplement dei gratia ("by the grace of god").
The hill south of the village, was long the site of two castles. This partition was first mentioned around 1266 in a document by and . On the peak known as Herrenberg stood a castle held after 1328 by the Burgraviate of Nuremberg and later by the Margraviate of Brandenburg-Ansbach, who also controlled part of the village of Castell. On the Schlossberg stood a castle held by the Counts of Castell. Both were destroyed in the Peasants' War in 1525 by revolting peasants. The Counts had their castle rebuilt, while the other remained a ruin.
Between 1546 and 1561, the Counts Conrad, Georg and Heinrich Castell introduced Reformation to the County, thus founding a small Landeskirche centred on Castell.
After the destruction of their castle, the Margraviate of Brandenburg moved their Amt to Kleinlangheim but held on to their half of the village of Castell. In 1680/84, Graf (1641-1709) bought back the Brandenburg territory and had a new Baroque palace built by Peter Sommer in 1686-91. This was one of the earliest three-winged palaces in Franconia.
In 1691, the Counts moved to the new Schloss at the foot of the hill and the old castle was relegated to a farm building. Later it was used as a source of building materials and, in 1818/19, Graf Friedrich Ludwig zu Castell-Castell had the previously treeless Schlossberg turned into an English landscape garden. The new castle is still today owned and inhabited by the prince of Castell-Castell.
In 1774, the Gräflich Castell-Remlingen'sche Landes-Credit-Cassa was founded here, the oldest Bavarian bank still in operation, known today as .
During mediatisation, the County lost its role as a sovereign state it had held within the Holy Roman Empire. In September 1806, it was turned into a part of the Kingdom of Bavaria. The Landeskirche became part of the Bavarian Protestant church in 1814. In 1818, during the reordering of Bavaria, the municipality Castell was created.
From 1902-7, the Fürstlich Castell'sches Archiv (princely archive) was set up by the historian and writer , who also authored the standard work on the history of the House of Castell.
In 1950, the Communität Casteller Ring, a Protestant religious order for women, was established in Castell and took its name from the village. In 1957, the mother house moved to the Schwanberg.
On 1 July 1977, the formerly independent municipalities of Greuth and Wüstenfelden became part of Castell.
Economy
Much of the economy of Castell is still linked to its historical role as a princely seat. Since 1972, the main office of the Fürstlich Castell'sche Bank has been at Würzburg, but it retains a presence in Castell which remains the formal seat of the bank.
produces high-quality wine on a total area of 70 hectares of vineyards. The vineyards around the Castell Schlossberg were first mentioned in 1266.
The village's many historic buildings also make it a popular tourist destination.
Government
The mayor of Castell is Jochen Kramer.
Attractions
The village features a number of listed monuments (see list of protected monuments in Castell (German)).
St. Johannes
The church , is one of the most prominent buildings in Castell. The current early Neoclassical hall church was built in 1784-92, based on plans by Joseph Albert still showing Baroque influences. Like its predecessors, it served as the main church of the Protestant Landeskirche of Castell. The princely burial place is located here. Today, it is the main church of the .
Schloss Castell
(Castell palace), built in the late 17th century in Baroque style, remains the seat of the princely family of Castell-Castell. Around 1820, the formal Baroque garden was turned into an English landscape garden. Between 1863 and 1869 Graf Friedrich Ludwig (1791-1875) had the Torbau, the eastern wing and the corner pavilions rebuilt and expanded in Baroque revival style. A new stable was added at that time, which serves today as the restaurant Weinstall. Around 1870, the park was expanded based on plans by Carl von Effner. These Anlagen feature a pond, a new stable, a riding hall and the Wiedervereinigungsstein from 1991 by Theo Steinbrenner.
Castle ruins
Outside of the village, on the peaks known as Herrenberg and Schlossberg, are the remains of the two castles. The marks the location of the original seat of the Counts of Castell. The medieval castle was expanded during the Second Margrave War in 1553. In 1607 to 1615 it was replaced by an early-modern one. This in turn fell into disuse after Schloss Castell was built. Besides trenches and structures below ground, only a stair tower with some attached walls remains today (this dates from the rebuilding in the early 17th century).
Even less is visible of the other castle, held by the Burgraviate of Nuremberg and later by the Margraviate of Brandenburg-Ansbach. It is today known as , formerly also Unteres Schloss (lower castle) to distinguish it from the Oberes Schloss or Oberschloss (upper castle). All that remains of this structure is a mound, later planted with trees.
Wildbad
Castell served as a spa for many centuries. The Wildbad was first mentioned in 1399. It grew so fast in the 16th century that in 1601 a new two-storied spa building was erected in Renaissance style. Visitors took baths in curative "bitter" water. In the late 17th century, the Wildbad was closed. The building then served as the seat of the princely government and administration and of the Landeskirche. The princely bank was founded here and the building later housed the princely archive, which today contains around 8,000 documents. The original bathing rooms in the cellar also still exist today.
Infrastructure
Transport
Castell is located on the , not far south of the major highway Bundesautobahn 3.
The closest railway line is the Nuremberg–Würzburg railway which has a stop at Iphofen.
Notable people
(1776–1835), Bavarian military officer
Heinrich Müller (1820–1864), anatomist and professor at the University of Wurzburg
(1864–1923), Fürst zu Castell-Castell
Carl Parrot (1867–1911), ornithologist
See also
County of Castell
Castell-Castell
Castell-Remlingen
Castell-Rüdenhausen
References
Further reading
Karl Treutwein: Von Abtswind bis Zeilitzheim. Geschichtliches, Sehenswertes, Überlieferungen. Volkach 1987.
External links
Gemeinde Castell
Municipal association Wiesentheid
Kitzingen (district)
Dorcadion sinuatevittatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1937. It is known from Turkey.
References
sinuatevittatum
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Beetles described in 1937
Aisin Gioro Yicai (奕采, 20 April 1820 - 21 February 1866) was Qing dynasty imperial prince as a biological son of Mianzhi, Prince Yishun of the Second Rank and the third in Prince Qing peerage as an adoptive son of Mianmin.
Life
Yicai was born on 20 April 1820 to lady An, Mianzhi's mistress. In 1836, they were adopted as Mianmin's son as all children of the prince Qingliang of the Second Rank died prematurely. Shortly after the adoption, Yicai inherited Mianmin's title because the peerage was neither promoted to the first rank nor granted a status of qinwang. The promotional ceremony was held at the New Year (除夕夜). Around 1842, Yicai was accused of accepting bribes from officials. Daoguang Emperor issued a decree imprisoning them at the Imperial Clan Court together with consorts for further investigation. Their mother was punished by deprivation of their allowance. As the accusations were confirmed, Yicai was stripped of their title. The title was later passed to Yikuang, who was finally promoted to the prince of the first rank in 1889.
Yicai did not recover the previous title. Nevertheless, they were not granted red girdles because of their later deeds. In 1855, they falsely reported that their elder brother Yiyin guarded the Western Qing tombs. They were relocated to the capital and died on 21 February 1866.
Family
Yicai was initially married to lady Irgen Gioro and later married lady Ulanghan, daughter of Tuo'enduo (拖恩多).
Primary consort, of the Irgen Gioro clan ()
Second Primary consort, of the Ulanghan clan (, d.1867)
Zaiju (载钜, 1845–1847), third son
Zaidi (载棣, 1849–1872), fifth son
Zaipang (载庞, 1854-?), sixth son. Married lady Irgen Gioro, lady Bai and had issue (4 sons)
Mistress, of the Wang clan ()
Mistress, of the Xu clan (庶福晋 许氏)
Mistress of the Li clan (庶福晋 李氏)
Zaixian (载铣, 1842–1886), first son. Married lady Ezhuo and had issue (2 sons, including Puzhai and Puyi)
Zaichong (载冲), second son
Mistress, of the Liu clan (庶福晋 刘氏)
Zai'ao (载鏊, 1846–1884), fourth son. Married lady Ligiya.
Mistress, of the Chen clan (庶福晋 陈氏)
References
Prince Qing
Qing dynasty imperial princes
1820 births
1866 deaths
The Decoration for Meritorious Services was an honour conferred until 1987 by the Government of the Republic of South Africa, usually for political services to the country. The appointments were made by the State President of South Africa.
Postnominal letters
The conferral of this honour entitles the holder to the use of 'DMS' in English after their names or 'DVD' in Afrikaans after their name.
It was superseded by the Order for Meritorious Service in 1986.
Since 1 June 1994, this honour is classified as a Commonwealth honour.
Design
A five-armed gold Maltese cross, displaying a golden protea flower on a blue roundel in the centre of a 5-pointed diamond-studded star, all superimposed on a multi-rayed silver and gold plaque (obverse). It is worn on a neck ribbon.
Selected recipients
References
050
Mwinilunga District is a district of Zambia, located in North-Western Province. The capital lies at Mwinilunga. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 117,505 people.
References
Districts of North-Western Province, Zambia
Lutherkirche or Luther Church are common names for churches named after Martin Luther in German-speaking countries.
Churches named Lutherkirche include:
Lutherkirche (Königsberg)
Lutherkirche, Wiesbaden
a church in Apolda
a church in Bad Harzburg
a church in Cologne
a church in Lübeck dedicated to the Lübeck martyrs
a church in Montabaur
a church in Schöneberg which hosts the American Church in Berlin
a church in Schwarzheide
a church in Tambach-Dietharz
German name of Church of Luther, Riga
German words and phrases
Martin Luther
The Women's 100 metre butterfly competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 18 and 19 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 18 June at 09:44.
Semifinals
The heats were started on 18 June at 18:13.
Final
The final was held on 19 June at 18:10.
References
Women's 100 metre butterfly
Cape Russell () is a rock cape in Terra Nova Bay along the coast of Victoria Land, forming the south extremity of the Northern Foothills. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Commander R.E. Russell, U.S. Navy, officer in charge of the helicopter unit aboard the icebreaker Glacier in this area during U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze, 1958–59.
Headlands of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Ziya Meral is a UK based Turkish-British researcher and advisor. They specialise on global trends shaping defence and security, politics and foreign policies of Turkey and the Middle East, religion and violent conflict issues.  They are a senior resident fellow at the UK Army's think-tank, the Centre for Historical Analysis and Conflict Research (CHACR) based at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and a senior associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute. They were the founding director of the Centre on Religion and Global Affairs- a London, Accra and Beirut based initiative exploring impact of religions on global developments. They regularly give talks, lectures and expert statements at leading academic, political, military and diplomatic institutions and conferences, including the UK House of Commons and House of Lords, the U.S. Congress, US State Department, NATO Defence College, EU Commission, UK FCDO and MoD and US Military Academy West Point. During 2010–2011, they were a Joseph Crapa Fellow at the US Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF)- a federal body that produces policy proposals for the US government, researching on prevention of ethno-religious violence.  They are the co-lead of the Climate Change and (In)Security project, a joint initiative of CHACR and Reuben College, University of Oxford.  They are a Council Member of the British Institute at Ankara.
Education
They hold a 1st Class BA Hons from Brunel University in London, M.Div. from International School of Theology in the Philippines, MSc in sociology from the London School of Economics and a Ph.D. in political science at the University of Cambridge.
Media
 They are a frequent commentator in international and British media, including live interviews on Al Jazeera, BBC World, France 24; BBC World Service radio programs including Europe Today, BBC Radio's the Today Programme. They have been cited by various British and international newspapers on developments in Turkey and Middle East, including the New York Times, the Financial Times, the Atlantic, the Sunday Times, the Daily Telegraph.
References
British Christians
Turkish Christians
Living people
Turkish economists
Turkish political scientists
Turkish emigrants to the United Kingdom
Year of birth missing (living people)
F. Reid Shippen is a mixer, engineer and producer, currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. They have mixed a wide variety of records including "Cosmic Hallelujah" by Kenny Chesney, "Lights Out" by Ingrid Michaelson, "The Mountain" by Dierks Bentley, "When I Was Younger" by Colony House, and "Eye On It" by TobyMac. Shippen has mixed nine Grammy Award winning projects and received the Audio Engineer of the Year award at the 54th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards.
Biography
Growing up in Fair Haven, New Jersey, F. Reid Shippen performed in bands and eventually decided that they wanted to pursue a career in music. They attended Middle Tennessee State University where they graduated with degrees in Business and Recording Arts & Sciences. While in college, Shippen interned at a variety of studios in Nashville, Tennessee, such as Quad Studios and Skylab Studios, quickly transitioning from assisting to engineering. In 1999, they began to concentrate on mixing.
With numerous years of experience in the studio, Shippen has mixed multiple platinum and gold records and hundreds of charting singles and albums, including nine Grammy Award-winners. They were awarded Audio Engineer of the Year at the 54th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards.
Shippen has mixed, engineered, and/or produced music for respected artists in a variety of genres, from Death Cab for Cutie, A Fine Frenzy, Cage the Elephant and India.Arie to the Jonas Brothers, Marc Broussard, Eric Church and Robert Randolph. They have also worked with Clay Aiken, Jonny Lang, Flyleaf, Switchfoot, Backstreet Boys, Third Day, MercyMe, and Newsboys, among others. Most recently they won a Grammy for their work on Gloria Gaynor's album Testimony for which they were a co-producer, mixer and engineer.
Shippen resides in Nashville, Tennessee and works out of Robot Lemon, their private Solid State Logic hybrid studio, where they mix. In addition to mixing, Shippen produces, records and is actively involved in artist development. In 2018, they founded SongFarm alongside songwriter Ross Copperman, a non-profit organization that builds recording studios and provides musical creative opportunities for under-served high schools. Shippen is also a co-founder of the audio gear company Atomic Instrument Co., but is no longer associated with the company.  They are an affiliated artist with various audio gear brands including sE Electronics, Unity Audio, and Chandler Limited.
Select discography
Songs on compilations
Shania Twain – "Today (Is Your Day)" (Mercury Records)
Minus the Bear – "My Time" (Radio Mix) (Dangerbird)
A Fine Frenzy – "Happier" (Radio Mix) (Virgin/EMI)
Flyleaf – "All Around Me" (Radio Mix) (Octone/Universal)
Needtobreathe – "You Are Here" (Radio Mix) (Sparrow/Lava/Atlantic)
Robert Randolph and the Family Band – "Get There" (Warner Bros.)
Uncle Kracker – "All I Can Do Is Write About It" (from Sweet Home Alabama: The Country Music Tribute to Lynyrd Skynyrd) (Hip-O/Universal)
Death Cab for Cutie – "Little Boxes" (for Showtime series Weeds) (Lionsgate)
Jonas Brothers – "Poor Unfortunate Souls" (from The Little Mermaid Soundtrack) (Walt Disney)
Awards
Affiliated studios
Current
Robot Lemon (Nashville, TN) – 2009–present (Owner)
Past
Battery Studios (Nashville, TN)
Masterfonics (Nashville, TN)
Oceanway Studios (Nashville, TN)
Quad Studios (Nashville, TN)
Recording Arts (Nashville, TN): 1999–2004
Skylab Studios (Nashville, TN)
Sound Kitchen (Franklin, TN)
Sound Stage Studios (Nashville, TN): 2004–2009
References
External links
[ AllMusic.com Page]
Discogs.com Page
AlbumCredits.com Discography
SongFarm website
1974 births
Living people
American audio engineers
Record producers from New Jersey
People from Fair Haven, New Jersey
Engineers from New Jersey
Grammy Award winners
Rosario Ponce López (born 6 October 1986) was a university student at the Agraria University in La Molina, Lima, Peru. On April 4, 2011, during a field trip to Colca Canyon, they and their boyfriend, Ciro Castillo Rojo became lost. They were found alive on April 13, 2011 but their boyfriend was not with them After an intensive search, a body was found on October 16 in a deep ravine in the area where Rosario had indicated Ciro was likely to be. On October 26, 2011 the body was officially determined to be that of Ciro and that the cause of death had been severe traumatic shock due to a fall.
Investigation
According to the District Attorney of Arequipa, Rosario Ponce is the prime suspect in the case and additional interviews with the DA have been scheduled. One of the facts of the case is that Ciro was walking without their sneakers at the time of the fall, which has aroused suspicions of foul play. Personnel from the Lima Branch of Homicides began searching for those sneakers on November 8, 2011.
The autopsy results indicate that Ciro did not die immediately following their fall, rather that they likely suffered for some 8 hours before death overtook him. As a result of the fall they fractured their arm, collarbone, skull and four ribs on the right side of their body. The forensic results showed that Ciro must have fallen on their own without the interference of third parties. Their garments were torn, and their personal effects (scarf, cap, and lighter) were scattered, which supports this theory. If Ciro had been pushed or thrown, the lesions would have been more traumatic. "From such a height, one literally bursts," the report indicated. In a similar vein forensic experts met with District Attorney Rosario Lozada in early January to formally ratify that Ciro died "due to an accidental fall."
The final forensic report of the Ministry of the Public was released in mid-March 2012 confirming that Ciro died of a slip "due to not carrying adequate equipment for their trip through the Arequipan valley" and "the absence of lesions in other regions of the body, such as the thorax and legs, discard the hypothesis of...free fall." However the report did confirm the presence of hairs from another person or people on their jacket, T-shirt, pants, and undergarments. Hairs are being checked against the hair of 11 witnesses, including Rosario Ponce.
The director of the Peruvian Criminological and Penal Sciences Institute, Miguel Pérez Arroyo, supports this hypothesis, but says that murder must not be ruled out. "[Rosario Ponce] said that Ciro had separated from them in order to ask for help. One will have to see if this young man was clumsy or sufficiently ignorant of this type of trip. If irrationality or incoherence can be determined from what was said by the witness, Rosario, we would be speaking of criminal suspicion."
Aftermath
On November 24, 2011 and at the request of the Peruvian designer Ciro Taype they debuted as a model for a charity drive to raise toys for underprivileged children in Huancavelica alongside the former Miss Peru Karen Schwarz and Angie Jibaja.
Rosario is also planning a book outlining their ordeal and indicates that they have been approached by a Colombian film producer seeking the movie rights to their story.
Reports now indicate that hackers attempting to take advantage of Rosario Ponce's growing notoriety have also launched a computer virus, posing as a news story from El Comercio entitled: "Late-breaking news: Rosario Ponce couldn't take it any more and confessed their crime." a story which the newspaper has taken pains to disavow.
On 22 April 2013 the district attorney Lozada was to have presented the three gloves found on or near Ciro's body. The existence of the third glove was key to the prosecution's case as it is assumed that a person only wears two gloves at a time. Finding a third glove was to have been proof that a second person was present with Ciro at the time of their death. However the district attorney, upon appearing at the hearing, indicated that the glove which had been found on Ciro's left hand at the time their body was hoisted out of the ravine was still in the possession of the[Public Ministry of Lima.
Upon opening the sealed bag it was revealed that there was only one glove inside and that the "third glove" was actually the inner lining of the second glove, which had come out and had been mistaken for a glove by rescue workers due to the frost covering it. This error having been corrected and it now being a matter of record that only two gloves were found, the Second Court of Appeals again declared unfounded the charges against Rosario apparently with the intention of dismissing the case. Gonzalo Bellido, the attorney of the accused, assured that the indications used by the district attorney are insufficient to accuse their client of second degree murder. Nevertheless, the appeals court clarified that the district attorney's investigation had not yet finished. Upon hearing this, the mother of the accused, Maria del Carmen Lopez, indicated they would resort to the Supreme Court to insist that the investigation should be closed.
By 15 May 2013 the District Attorney Lozada must announce the archival of the case or present a new accusation for murder against Rosario. On 27 July 2013 Maria del Rosario Lozada turned in the final requirement to the Judge presiding over the case. The key element of the report is believed to be the physical report prepared by Alcides Agustín López Revilla, which concluded that: the form in which Ciro fell "reduces the probability that anyone pushed him." It is believed that the case against Rosario will soon be archived without formal charges being filed against them
Personal life
In September 2015 they married Victor Cabrera, the son of their lawyer
References
Sources
Sobreseimiento, Caso Ciro Castillo - Resolucion 05 2013-Juzgado de Chivay-Arequipa- Juez Giancarlo Torreblanca
1986 births
People from Lima
Living people
Rakebosten Ridge () is a high rock ridge with lateral western spurs, forming the south part of Trollslottet Mountain in the Filchner Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Plotted from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Rakebosten (the shave bristles).
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Rainfed agriculture is a type of farming that relies on rainfall for water. It provides much of the food consumed by poor communities in developing countries. E.g., rainfed agriculture accounts for more than 95% of farmed land in sub-Saharan Africa, 90% in Latin America, 75% in the Near East and North Africa, 65% in East Asia, and 60% in South Asia.
There is a strong correlation between poverty, hunger and water scarcity in part because of the dependencies on rainfed agriculture in developing economies. Moreover, because of increased weather variability, climate change is expected to make rain-fed farmers more vulnerable to climate change.
Rainfed agriculture is distinguished in most of the literature from irrigated agriculture, which applies water from other sources, such as freshwater from streams, rivers and lakes or groundwater. As farmers become more aware of and develop better water resource management strategies, especially in light of climate change adaptation strategies, most agriculture exists on a spectrum between rainfed and irrigated agriculture.
Hunger and water correlation
There is a correlation between poverty, hunger, and water scarcity. The UN Millennium Development Project has identified the ‘hot spot' countries in the world suffering from the largest prevalence of malnutrition. These countries coincide closely with those located in the semi-arid and dry sub-humid hydroclimates in the world (i.e., savanna and steppe ecosystems), where rainfed agriculture is the dominant source of food and where water constitutes a key limiting factor to crop growth. Of the 850 million undernourished people in the world, essentially all live in poor, developing countries, which predominantly are located in tropical regions.
Levels of productivity, particularly in parts of sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia, are low due to degraded soils, high levels of evaporation, droughts, floods and a general lack of effective water management. A major study into water use by agriculture, known as the Comprehensive Assessment of Water Management in Agriculture, coordinated by the International Water Management Institute, noted a close correlation between hunger, poverty, and water. However, it concluded that there was much opportunity to raise the productivity of rainfed farming. Managing rainwater and soil moisture more effectively and using supplemental and small-scale irrigation is believed to hold the key to helping the greatest number of poor people. It called for a new era of water investments and policies for upgrading rainfed agriculture that would go beyond controlling field-level soil and water to bring new freshwater sources through better local management of rainfall and runoff.
The importance of rainfed agriculture varies regionally, but it produces most food for poor communities in developing countries. In sub-Saharan Africa, more than 95% of the farmed land is rainfed, while the corresponding figure for Latin America is almost 90%, for South Asia about 60%, for East Asia 65%, and for the Near East and North Africa 75%. Most countries in the world depend primarily on rainfed agriculture for their grain food. Despite large strides made in improving productivity and environmental conditions in many developing countries, a great number of poor families in Africa and Asia still face poverty, hunger, food insecurity, and malnutrition where rainfed agriculture is the main agricultural activity. These problems are exacerbated by adverse biophysical growing conditions and the poor socioeconomic infrastructure in many areas in the semi-arid tropics (SAT). The SAT is the home to 38% of the developing countries' poor, 75% of whom live in rural areas. Over 45% of the world's hungry and more than 70% of its malnourished children live in the SAT.
Output trends
Since the late 1960s, agricultural land use has expanded by 20–25%, which has contributed to approximately 30% of the overall grain production growth during the period. The remaining yield outputs originated from intensification through yield increases per unit land area. However, the regional variation is large, as is the difference between irrigated and rainfed agriculture. In developing countries, rainfed grain yields are on average 1.5 hectare, compared with 3.1 hectare for irrigated yields, and increase in production from rainfed agriculture has mainly originated from land expansion.
See also
Water security
References
Agriculture
Agriculture by type
Bhabha is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern part of the Moon's far side. It is nearly attached to the southeast rim of the larger crater Bose, and the outer rampart of that crater has produced a slight inward bulge along the northwest face of Bhabha. Other nearby craters of note include Stoney to the east, and Bellinsgauzen to the south.
This is a relatively fresh crater with a nicely terraced inner wall. This terracing is most notable along the southeastern half of the crater, and nearly disappears along the north-northwest rim where the inner wall is at its minimum extent. The rim and inner wall have not been significantly eroded, and there are no craterlets of note along the rim.
The interior floor has a formation of central peaks that forms a semicircle with the concave interior open to the north. The remainder of the floor is relatively level, with a single small craterlet in the northern part.
Bhabha was named in honor of the physicist Homi Jehangir Bhabha (1909-1966), a nuclear physics pioneer in their home country of India.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Muhammet Arslantaş (born 27 January 2001) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a forward for İstanbul Başakşehir.
Professional career
Arslantaş is a youth product of the academies of Trakya Fenerspor, Bucaspor and İstanbul Başakşehir. On 4 January 2019, they signed their first professional contract with İstanbul Başakşehir. They made their professional debut with İstanbul Başakşehir in a 1–1 Süper Lig tie with Denizlispor on 8 December 2019. On 10 September 2020, they joined Boluspor on loan for the 2020-21 season in the TFF First League. Their loan was cut short, and moved to Turgutluspor for the second half of the season on 30 January 2021. They spent the 2021-22 season on loan with Belediye Kütahyaspor, and had a prolific spell with 14 goals in 31 matches.
International career
Arslantaş is a youth international for Turkey, having played up to the Turkey U19s.
Honours
İstanbul Başakşehir
Süper Lig: 2019–20
References
External links
Living people
2001 births
People from Bayburt
Turkish footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
TFF Second League players
TFF Third League players
İstanbul Başakşehir F.K. players
Turgutluspor footballers
Guerendiáin is a locality and council located in the municipality of Noáin, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 24.
Geography
Guerendiáin is located 18km south-southeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Majrashi () is an Arabic surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Abdulaziz Majrashi (born 1991), Saudi Arabian footballer
Abdullah Majrashi (born 1990), Saudi Arabian footballer
Eisa Majrashi (born 1986), Saudi Arabian judoka
Faisel Majrashi (born 1984), Saudi Arabian footballer
Naji Majrashi (born 1982), Saudi Arabian footballer
Talal Majrashi (born 1990), Saudi Arabian footballer
Arabic-language surnames
The genus name Obrima has been used for moths and spiders:
Obrima, a genus of moths in the family Erebidae
Obrima (spider), now classified as Obrimona in the family Linyphiidae
Computer chemistry can refer to:
Computational chemistry
Mathematical chemistry
Chemoinformatics
Computer & Chemistry (journal)
Aleksandr Nikolayevich Sonin (; born 6 August 1983) is a Russian former professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Russian Premier League in 2001 for FC Spartak Moscow. They played 2 games in the UEFA Champions League 2002–03 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 2001.
Russian Premier League bronze: 2002.
Russian Cup winner: 2003.
References
1983 births
People from Zheleznogorsk, Kursk Oblast
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Russian Premier League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Arsenal Kyiv players
FC Daugava players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Nizhny Novgorod (2007) players
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv players
Sportspeople from Kursk Oblast
Aiginio railway station () is a railway station in Korinos, Central Macedonia, Greece. Located in a residential area east of the center of the town, it opened in 2000. It is served by regional trains between Thessaloniki, Kalambaka, Palaiofarsalos and by the Suburban services for Thessaloniki, Litochoro and Larissa.
History
The station opened in 2000, replacing an older station of the same name further down the same line. The following year, in 2001 the infrastructure element of OSE was created, known as GAIAOSE, it would henceforth be responsible for the maintenance, of stations, bridges and other elements of the network, as well as the leasing and the sale of railway assists. In 2003, OSE launched "Proastiakos SA", as a subsidiary to serve the operation of the suburban network in the urban complex of Athens during the 2004 Olympic Games. In 2005, TrainOSE was created as a brand within OSE to concentrate on rail services and passenger interface. In 2008, all Proastiakos were transferred from OSE to TrainOSE. By 2014 however, the station buildings where rundown and unused, however trains still called at the unstaffed halt.
Facilities
When the station opened, it was equipped with a purpose-built booking hall and four platforms, with shelters. The platforms were (and still are) connected by subways, however the station is not equipped with lifts. (As of 2020) The station is unstaffed, with buildings in a poor state of repair. The station is equipped with onsite parking.
Services
The station is on the main line of the Greek railway system that connects Athens in the south with Thessaloniki in the North (however Intercity services do not call at the station), however slower Fast Trains do call at the station. The city is also connected directly with Larissa and Thessaloniki via the Proastiakos It is served by local stopping services to Thessaloniki, Kalambaka and Palaiofarsalos and by Proastiakos Thessaloniki to Larissa and Thessaloniki. There are around 22 services that call at the station daily.
Station layout
References
External links
https://www.gtp.gr/TDirectoryDetails.asp?ID=77269
Railway stations in Central Macedonia
Railway stations opened in 2000
Buildings and structures in Pieria (regional unit)
Katerini
Cala Iris Islet is a small island in Morocco, located in the Alboran Sea in the bay of the village, Al Hoceima Province. It is about 500 m off the Cala Iris beach. This island is a part of the Al Hoceima National Park. Cala Iris Islet is one of the few places where the ribbed Mediterranean limpet (Patella ferruginea) has survived, with a population of 110 specimens.
References
Islands of Morocco
Uninhabited islands
National parks of Morocco
Reynolds Ridge () is a rock ridge 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) long located 5 nautical miles (9 km) northwest of Mount Flint in the McCuddin Mountains, Marie Byrd Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Warren Reynolds, United States Department of State, who assisted in work on the Antarctic Treaty of 1959.
References
Ridges of Marie Byrd Land
Oleg Yakovlev may refer to:
Oleg Yakovlev (footballer, born 1970), Russian football player
Oleg Yakovlev (footballer, born 1997), Russian football player
Oleg Yakovlev (singer) (1969—2017), Russian singer, former member of group Ivanushki International
See also
Yakovlev (surname)
Salai Sun Ceu (, also spelt Salai Kye Oh; 13 January 1952 – 7 April 2004) was a popular Chinland and Myanmar pop singer and songwriter. They died in 2004 from cardiac arrest.
Discography
Studio albums
1975 (Kyi Nat Ba Dawh) ကြေနပ်ပါတော့
1976 (Sig tha ya a luan) စိတ္တရအလွမ်း
1976 (Pa da ta lan, than ta lan) ပြဓါးတစ်လမ်း သံတစ်လမ်း
1978 (Htin khuk tha ma) ထင်း ခုပ်သမား
1994: (Sung phiat laih bah, sung phiat laih byi) ဆုံးဖြတ်လိုက်ပါ။ ဆုံးဖြတ်လိုက်ပြီ။
References
1952 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Burmese male singers
Male singer-songwriters
Good Hunting is a 1938 play written by Nathanael West, in collaboration with Joseph Schrank. The play, a satire about World War I, opened in New York City on November 21, 1938, and ran for two performances.
Process of writing
West met Schrank in 1936 and suggested that they collaborate on a play. They discussed ideas for the play over several weeks, after which Schrank dictated a 40-page outline to a secretary. West used the outline to write a first draft, which they completed in May 1937. Schrank revised West's draft during the summer, and West produced a third version by October. In February 1938, Jerome Mayer, a Broadway producer, agreed to stage the play, then titled Gentlemen, the War!; over the summer West and Schrank made further revisions, finally retitling the play Good Hunting.
References
The final version of Good Hunting appears in the Library of America edition of West's writing:
West, Nathanael. Novels & Other Writings. Ed. Sacvan Bercovitch. New York: The Library of America, 1997. 467–620.
Broadway plays
1938 plays
Plays by Nathanael West
Purinones (oxopurines) are derivatives of purine which have a substituted keto group.
Most are divided into 2 families:
Hypoxanthines
Xanthines
Purinones form the central core of numerous pharmaceutical drugs used in a variety therapeutic areas.
References
Purines
Politics (1988) is the sixth studio album from the jazz group Yellowjackets. The album was awarded "Best Jazz Fusion Performance" at the 1989 Grammy Awards.
Track listing
Personnel
Yellowjackets
Russell Ferrante – keyboards
Jimmy Haslip – 5-string bass
Will Kennedy – drums
Marc Russo – saxophones
Guest Musicians
Steve Croes – Synclavier programming
Alex Acuña – percussion
Production
Yellowjackets – producers
David Hentschel – producer, recording, mixing
Ricky Schultz – executive producer
Bart Stevens – assistant engineer
Sharon Rice – mix assistant
Stephen Marcussen – mastering
Gary Borman – artist management
Jeff Lancaster (L-Shape Ltd.) – art director
Lou Beach – illustration
Aaron Rapoport – photography
Studios
Recorded at Schnee Studios (North Hollywood, CA).
Mixed at The Complex (Los Angeles, CA).
Mastered at Precision Lacquer, (Los Angeles, CA).
Awards
1988 - 31st Annual GRAMMY Awards
References
Yellowjackets albums
1988 albums
Albums produced by David Hentschel
MCA Records albums
Instrumental albums
Basketballvereniging Rotterdam-Zuid (in English: Rotterdam South Basketball Club), commonly known as RZ is a basketball club from Rotterdam.
History
RZ was founded in 1956 and has for many years with a great commitment of board members, executives and also ordinary members and players, that can no longer think sports in sport country. RZ fought until the early nineties in the highest national league and even European Cup matches played at European level in Ahoy, as against Maccabi Elite Tel Aviv or Real Madrid. During the heyday played men like John Loorbach, Marcel Welch, Jan Dekker and the "Famous Mister" Jackie Dinkins who was a phenomenon far beyond the border. For years was the home of South Rotterdam, the sports hall Enk, sphere of activity.
After a glorious history in the former decades, also escaped RZ not a drop of the low point in 1996, a fire in the clubhouse and only a membership of 60 members.
Honours
Men's team
Eredivisie
Winners (1): 1973-74
Dutch Cup
Runners-up (2): 1972-73, 1974–75
Women's team
Dames Eredivisie
Winners (2): 1976–77, 1977–78
European record
Notable players
John Loorbach
Marcel Welch
Jan Dekker
Jacky Dinkins
References
Former Dutch Basketball League teams
Basketball teams in the Netherlands
Basketball teams established in 1956
Sports clubs in Rotterdam
Jean Briane (20 October 1930 – 3 December 2021) was a French politician. A member of the Union for French Democracy, they served Aveyron's 1st constituency in the National Assembly from 1971 to 2002.
References
1930 births
2021 deaths
People from Aveyron
Union for French Democracy politicians
Deputies of the 5th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 6th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 7th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 8th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 9th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 10th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 11th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Pope Benedict XVI () created 90 cardinals in five consistories. With three of those consistories they respected the limit on the number of cardinal electors set at 120 in 1973, though sometimes exceeded by their predecessors. They exceeded that limit at the other two consistories, reaching as high as 125 in 2012.
With the consistory of February 2012, a majority of the cardinal electors had been named cardinals by him, 63 of 125. After their last consistory in November 2012, they had appointed 67 of the 120 electors.
Cardinal electors
Benedict's first, second and last consistories brought the number of cardinal electors to 120.
The 2010 consistory produced 121 electors, until Cardinal Bernard Panafieu turned 80 two months later on 26 January 2011. After the consistory of February 2012, there were 125 electors, and the count returned to 120 on 26 July after the 80th birthdays of Cardinals Rodolfo Quezada Toruño, Edward Michael Egan, Miloslav Vlk, Henri Schwery, and James Francis Stafford.
24 March 2006
Pope Benedict XVI created new cardinals for the first time on 24 March 2006. They announced the names of fifteen new cardinals from eleven different countries on 22 February. Three belonged to the Roman Curia, nine headed a diocese, and two were bishops emeritus. One, Albert Vanhoye, was a Jesuit priest and theologian, not a bishop. Twelve of the fifteen were under 80 years old and eligible to vote in a papal conclave. With these new cardinals, Benedict limited the number of cardinal electors to 120, the maximum set by statute since 1973 and which John Paul II had at times exceeded. The appointments brought the total number of cardinals to 193.
24 November 2007
Pope Benedict announced the appointment of 23 new cardinals on 17 October 2007, scheduling a consistory for 24 November. Eighteen of the 23 cardinals were under 80. After the consistory, the College of Cardinals had 201 members, of whom 120 were eligible to vote in a papal election.
They announced that they had intended to make Bishop Ignacy Jeż of Koszalin-Kołobrzeg, Poland, who died on 16 October, a cardinal as well.
20 November 2010
Benedict announced the names of 24 new cardinals on 10 October 2010, scheduling a consistory for 20 November. Fifteen were Europeans, including ten Italians, seven of whom were senior members of the Roman Curia. Twenty were under 80 years old. This consistory brought the number of cardinals to 203, of whom 121 were eligible to vote in a conclave.
18 February 2012
Benedict announced the names of 22 new cardinals on 6 January 2012, with a consistory set for 18 February. Eighteen were young enough to be cardinal electors. Sixteen were Europeans, including seven Italians. Ten held Vatican offices. With these additions, the number of cardinal electors increased from 107 to 125, a majority of 63 of them named by Benedict. Though the number of cardinal electors exceeded the limit of 120, nine of them were due to turn eighty before the end of the year. Previously, only Pope John Paul II's consistories in 2001 and 2003 had produced a larger number of electors, 135. The consistory of February 2012 brought the total number of cardinals to 213.
24 November 2012
On 24 October 2012, during a meeting of the Synod of Bishops, Benedict announced they would create six cardinals at a consistory on 24 November. At the time, there were 116 cardinal electors, with two set to turn 80 in the next month. The six new cardinals would bring that number to 120, 67 of whom were made cardinals by Benedict. The November consistory brought the total number of cardinals to 211. Those named contrasted with those of the previous consistory, who had been criticized as "too Italian and too curial". Benedict said that "this little consistory" was meant to "complete" the earlier one "with a sign of the universality of the Church".
See also
List of living cardinals
Notes
References
Benedict XVI
Pope Benedict XVI
College of Cardinals
Lists of 21st-century people
21st-century Catholicism
Olé Maestro is a live album by the band The Queers. It was recorded live, 100% overdub free, at Gruta77 venue in Madrid, Spain, on November 14, 2009. And it was released on CD in May 2013 by MediaDavid Produccions. It contains 38 tracks and a comic inside the booklet.
Band
Joe Queer - Vocals & Guitar
Dangerous Dave - Bass guitar & Backing vocals
Lurch Nobody - Drums
Credits
Recorded by Astray
Mixed by David Rosell at Can Pardaler Studios, Barcelona
Mastered at Monoposto Studios in Düsseldorf, Germany
Foh engineering by Carlos Zaragoza
Artwork
Full artwork, comic and photos by Joel Abad from Grafficants Studio, Barcelona.
Comments
"Always loved to play Madrid and Gruta77 is the right place, so why not to record a live album there? Sold out shows since the early days, now almost 20 years after, is the best gift we could make to our spanish fans, because in Madrid gigs people from all country are coming all the way to the capital to have a funny punk rock night." (Joe Queer)
Track listing
"Tamara Is a Punk"
"No Tit"
"You're Tripping"
"Wimpy Drives Through Harlem"
"Steak Bomb"
"Drop the Attitude Fucker"
"I Can't Stop Farting"
"Night of the Vivid Queers"
"Tulu Is a Wimp"
"I Want It Now"
"Monster Zero"
"I Spent the Rent"
"Nothing to Do"
"Hi Mom, It's Me!"
"Granola-Head"
"I Hate Everything"
"Kicked Out of the Webelos"
"S.L.U.G."
"Ursula Finally Has Tits"
"Don't Back Down"
"Punk Rock Girls"
"Girl About Town"
"Born to Do Dishes"
"Like a Parasite"
"Debra Jean"
"The Kids Are Alright"
"Love Love Love"
"Another Girl"
"Cindy's On Methadone"
"Fuck the World"
"This Place Sucks"
"Sheena Is a Punk Rocker"
"See You Later Fuckface"
"I Wanna Be Happy"
"Noodlebrain"
"Teenage Bonehead"
"Feeling Groovy"
"Wipe Out"
References
External links
Grafficants
2009 live albums
The Queers albums
Feminist views on BDSM vary widely from acceptance to rejection. BDSM refers to bondage and discipline, dominance and submission, and Sado-Masochism. In order to evaluate its perception, two polarizing frameworks are compared. Some feminists, such as Gayle Rubin and Patrick Califia, perceive BDSM as a valid form of expression of female sexuality, while other feminists, such as Andrea Dworkin and Susan Griffin, have stated that they regard BDSM as a form of woman-hating violence. Some lesbian feminists practice BDSM and regard it as part of their sexual identity.
The historical relationship between feminists and BDSM practitioners has been controversial. The two most extreme positions reflect those who believe that feminism and BDSM are mutually exclusive beliefs, and those who believe that BDSM practices are a fundamental expression of sexual freedom. Much of the controversy is left over from the feminist sex wars (acrimonious debates over sex issues) and the battle between the anti-pornography feminists and the pro-pornography feminists.
History
1970s
In the 1970s, many different divisions of the feminist movement emerged. As Andrew McBride writes, "During the 1970s, much of the discourse in the feminist movement was dominated by discussions of lesbian feminism. Toward the end of the decade, however, the conversations within feminism began to focus on a new topic: sexuality. This included sexuality of all types, not just lesbian sexuality. Included in the discussions and debates were heterosexuality, pornography, sadomasochism, butch/femme roles, and sex work." The Lavender Menace and their concept of the woman identified woman and the Women Against Violence in Pornography and Media both came out strongly believing that engaging in BDSM play was contradictory to being a feminist. Samois, a San Francisco-based lesbian BDSM group, maintained that feminists could engage in BDSM without being hypocritical.
1980s
During the 1980s, this sex war continued and reached the attention of several academics who attempted to dissect why such a division had occurred. Ardill and O'Sullivan explained the history using the conflict in the London Lesbian and Gay Center as an example. Similar conflicts were continuations of the issues in the 1970s.
The Lesbian Sex Mafia founded by Dorothy Allison appeared in New York advocating sex positive feminism and promoting the idea that all women had the right to explore their sexuality in whatever ways they saw fit. The controversial 1982 Barnard Conference on Sexuality, which brought these issues to the attention of academic feminists, is often regarded as officially launching the feminist sex wars.
1990s
In the 1990s feminist scholars continued to research and apply different feminist academic frameworks to the questions of sexuality and BDSM in an effort to find a way to bridge the gap between the two groups. Hopkins, in 1994 applied critical analysis to the feminist viewpoints against Sadomasochistic acts. They take each argument put forth against BDSM practice by women and answers it from within a feminist framework. In the end, they point out that the issue is not as concrete as feminists may try and paint it and that they may need to examine the concepts in more detail. In 1995, Teresa Hornsby also applied feminist frameworks to the subject of BDSM and came down on the side that the two were not contradictory. Hornsby went further to examine whether or not violence itself was only a masculine activity.
2000s
After 2000, advances in technology were opening up the world to more people and BDSM started coming out more and more in popular culture. Maneesha Deckha applied a postcolonial feminist approach where they suggest treating BDSM as a cultural practice as a means to put to rest the divide between feminists and BDSM practitioners. They came to the conclusion as did those in the 1990s that perhaps a more in depth look is needed to determine if feminist viewpoints on BDSM hold up under closer scrutiny. In addition, Deckha did some work on the concepts of consent and the legality of BDSM, specifically addressing the question on whether or not women can give consent and whether BDSM activities should be regulated in the context of violence or the context of sexuality. One point they make is: if legislation is made in the context of regulating it around sex, then aren't we simply giving the patriarchy further control over women's expression of sexual identity?
Current feminist viewpoints
Current feminist viewpoints on BDSM practices continue to be controversial and at odds with one another. Some feminists view SM as an ideal feminist expression of sexual freedom while other feminists say that BDSM, and more particularly SM, reinforce patriarchy and that these practices are contradictory to feminism. Feminists who view BDSM as contradictory to feminism also often believe that women who engage in BDSM practices, and specifically those who play a submissive role in them, have been led by sexist power structures to believe that they enjoy these acts. This feminist viewpoint argues that the individuals who enjoy playing a submissive role in the bedroom only enjoy it because they have been led to believe that it is what is expected of them and that they should enjoy it. This viewpoint argues that if these individuals, particularly women, were able to explore their sexual desires without the influence of a sexist power structure that they would come to very different conclusions about what they enjoy.
Perspectives on lesbian BDSM
Lesbian SM (Sadism, Submission, Masochism) has been problematic in the analysis of feminist viewpoints on BDSM, especially with regards to whether or not lesbians are recreating patriarchal structures. Many academic critics do not even tackle the idea of lesbian BDSM. Maneesha Deckha in their article, "Pain, pleasure, and consenting women: Exploring feminist responses to S/M and its legal regulation in Canada through Jelinek's The Piano Teacher" admitted that covering lesbian BDSM made their theories too convoluted to see. Such lesbian erasure has been fairly common in second and third wave feminism as lesbian identity has frequently been subsumed in feminist identity. This concept is explained by Calhoun in "The Gender Closet: Lesbian disappearance under the sign 'woman'" Some, such as Deckha, believe that although lesbians do practice BDSM, they are doing so in an effort to merely recreate the patriarchal power structure in the rest of society. Be it through domination and submission exchange of power, or the butch/femme dynamic, lesbians who interact in this way are convincing themselves that they are outside of patriarchy, when in reality they are reinforcing it because their sexuality is trapped within the patriarchal structure, true consent cannot occur.
Others, such as Hornsby, believe that lesbians can in fact practice BDSM without recreating patriarchal systems because they have already declared themselves to be outside of those systems.
BDSM practitioners
Feminist writer Clarisse Thorn released a book in 2012 called The S&M Feminist, in which they often discuss their own experiences. The high-profile feminist anthology Yes Means Yes, published in 2008, also featured an essay about BDSM and feminism by Stacey May Fowles.
Jessica Wakeman wrote of their own experience with SM activities in a follow-up interview after their article First Time For Everything: Getting Spanked was published in 2009. At the time of the interview in October 2010, Wakeman had been writing about feminist issues, including feminism and media criticism, feminism and politics, and feminism and sex for about eight years and considered themselves to be a rather active feminist.
Wakeman discussed how they are able to enjoy spanking play and being dominated and still be a feminist. They discussed how spanking play is a fetish and is no different from other fetishes that individuals have, even though it does involve being hit by one's partner. They also commented that it is important to remember that when an individual is involved with BDSM play, such as spanking, if it is true BDSM play it has been discussed by both partners and either of them can stop the play at any time with a safe word, phrase or action. Furthermore, a real physically or emotionally abusive relationship is not safe and consensual like BDSM play is. There is a difference between what happens in the bedroom and what happens in real life. Wakeman wrote that they are able to enjoy things in the context of sex or flirting that they would not want to happen in their day-to-day life.
Like other feminist BDSM practitioners, Wakeman rejects the argument that women are taught what they enjoy and led to be submissive by a dominant sexist power structure. Within BDSM communities, it is often said that submissive practitioners are the real dominants because they have the ultimate control over the situation with a safe word.
Major figures
Some feminists practice BDSM and regard it as part of their sexual identity.
Patrick Califia
Patrick Califia perceives BDSM as a valid form of expression of female sexuality.
Andrea Dworkin
Andrea Dworkin has written on the topic and regards BDSM as a form of misogynist violence.
Susan Griffin
Like Dworkin, Susan Griffin is against BDSM.
Gayle Rubin
Gayle Rubin is an American cultural anthropologist best known as an activist and theorist of sex and gender politics. They have written on a range of subjects including feminism, sadomasochism, prostitution, pedophilia, pornography and lesbian literature, as well as anthropological studies and histories of sexual subcultures.
Rubin's 1984 essay "Thinking Sex" is widely regarded as a founding text of sexuality studies and queer theory. In 2009, the University of Pennsylvania hosted a "state of the field" conference in gender and sexuality studies entitled "Rethinking Sex" in recognition of the twenty-fifth anniversary of Rubin's essay. Rubin was a featured speaker at the conference, where they presented "Blood under the Bridge: Reflections on 'Thinking Sex'" to an audience of nearly eight hundred people. In 2011 GLQ: A Journal of Lesbian and Gay Studies published a special issue, also titled "Rethinking Sex", featuring work emerging from this conference, and including Rubin's piece "Blood under the Bridge: Reflections on 'Thinking Sex'".
In 1978 Rubin, together with Patrick Califia and others, founded the first lesbian BDSM group in the United States, Samois. Rubin became a prominent sex-positive feminist in the feminist sex wars of the late 1970s and 1980s.
See also
Feminist views on sexuality
Feminist sex wars
Lesbian Sex Mafia
List of universities with BDSM clubs
Samois
References
Feminism and sexuality
Sex-positive feminism
Sexual ethics
BDSM
Point of view
Misogyny
DeMarcus Family Rules is a 2020 reality television show streaming television series starring Allison DeMarcus and Jay DeMarcus.
Cast
Allison DeMarcus
Jay DeMarcus
Episodes
Release
DeMarcus Family Rules was released on August 19, 2020, on Netflix.
References
External links
2020s American reality television series
2020 American television series debuts
English-language television shows
English-language Netflix original programming
Leatherbark Run is the name of a stream in Pocahontas County, West Virginia. It is a tributary of the Greenbrier River.
Leatherbark Run has the distinction of being West Virginia's highest stream. It begins at a natural spring on the south face of Bald Knob on Back Allegheny Mountain in the western half of the county. The elevation of its headwaters is above sea level. It then proceeds south down the side of the mountain, then turns eastward near Whittaker and continues in that direction until it flows into the Greenbrier at the town of Cass. The total elevation change from its headwaters to its mouth is approximately , more than any other stream in the state.
Leatherbark Run was the site of a major logging railroad operation in the early 1900s. Surveyors for the railroad concluded that a railway up alongside of Leatherbark Run was the only feasible way to cross the Allegheny Mountains to reach the vast spruce forests that thrived above . Today, Cass Scenic Railroad still uses this route to carry passengers into the mountains via Leatherbark Run.
The stream is also noted for its potential to flash flood. Leatherbark Run can flood even when it is not raining in Cass because of the location of its headwaters in a very mountainous area that is notorious for its rapidly changing weather.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of West Virginia
Rivers of Pocahontas County, West Virginia
Astragalus hystrix is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae. It is a perennial, non-climbing shrub.
Habitat
Astragalus hystrix naturally grows in Southeast Turkey and Northwest Iran.
References
hystrix
Barney Russell (11 August 1890 – 13 July 1961) was an Australian cricketer. They played three first-class matches for New South Wales between 1920/21 and 1921/22.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1890 births
1961 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
Taskers of Andover were an Andover, Hampshire based metal works and engineering company, which became better known in the latter half of the 20th century for their lorry trailers. After 170 years in operation, the company became first part of the John Brown company, and then sold to Montracon, where it was quietly closed.
Background
In 1806, Robert Tasker of Stanton St Bernard, Wiltshire travelled from their father's blacksmith business to Abbotts Ann, Hampshire to join the forge ironworks business of Thomas Maslen. In 1809, they took over the business, but due to their non conformist Christian views, Tasker found business hard, and was forced to bid for work from further afield.
Waterloo ironworks
In 1813, Tasker and their brother William founded the Waterloo Ironworks in the Anna Valley. The site, built on chalk strata, gave access to coal and iron ore via the Andover Canal, and offered waterwheel power from the Pillhill Brook. The works came into operation in 1815, hence it is named after the great Battle of Waterloo. The brothers entered into a partnership with George Fowle, a relative of Robert's wife, Martha.
The Swing riots
As the industrial revolution gathered pace, a series of riots began. Started in Kent by a Captain Swing, a group of 300 agricultural workers entered the works 20 November 1830, causing considerable damage. 30 men were arrested by Special constables, of which 14 were tried, 4 acquitted, and 10 eventually transported to penal colonies in Australia.
William's sons take over
After the opening of the London and Southampton Railway, the canal was closed, and eventually buried to make way for another railway line, which hence replaced Taskers wharf with a series of private railway sidings. In 1857, two of William's sons took over the business, coming to a licence agreement with Clayton & Shuttleworth of Lincoln to sell and service their stationary boilers.
Steam engines
In 1865, the Waterloo Ironworks made its first steam engine, and until 1891 Taskers became known as a producer of bespoke steam engines, each one of which was produced to its own unique design. After William's third son Henry joined the firm, they implemented the "Economic" design of engines of 1891, which formed the first series of standard Tasker designs, using steel boiler plates over wrought iron.
Tasker & Sons
Henry, who was now running the business, bought out their brothers interests, but the company was now left short of capital, and hence struggled through to World War I. Henry found new capital via a series of share sales, which resulted in the 1902 development of the standard class of 'light', just under , engine called "Little Giant," of which over 300 were made.
After liquidation in 1903, and reformation in 1907, Taskers production thrived in World War I. Post-war, Taskers built a series of road rollers, but the economic slump brought about a second, inevitable receivership in 1926 and a further liquidation. The last steam engine, a C Class road roller, left the factory in 1927.
Taskers of Andover (1932) Limited
In 1932, the company was revived, as Taskers of Andover (1932) Limited, through the production of semi-trailers. Using steel rather than iron, the product didn't require the services of the Waterloo Ironworks, which closed permanently in 1937.
In 1938 the Air Ministry, which was forming plans for setting up the Civilian Repair Organisation, sent out a tender for a recovery trailer able to carry an entire fighter aircraft. Ten days later Taskers arrived in Whitehall, not only with a written and costed proposal, but also with a prototype trailer. Subsequently nicknamed the Queen Mary trailer after Cunard's , both being the largest of their type. The company gained 300 orders in the buildup to World War II. By the end of the war nearly 4000 had been delivered.
Tasker Trailers
Adopting the post-war name of Tasker Trailers to supply the developing road transport industry, the company had branches in Wigan and Scotland. Taken over by Craven Industries, which later itself became part of the John Brown and Co engineering conglomerate, it was sold as part of a package of assets in 1983 to Montracon of Belfast, Northern Ireland. After the closure of the works and demolition of the residual buildings in 1984, Montracon decided to consolidate its brands, resulting in the end of the Tasker brand in the late 1990s.
Preservation
In 1948, Arthur Fuller, the then managing director, decided to preserve items manufactured by the company over its existence, leading to the acquisition of 108 items which were displayed in a museum under the main offices. The collection included 23 steam road engines and a Queen Mary trailer complete with Spitfire, along with many items of agricultural machinery and tools from the Anna Valley works. With the sale of the company in 1968, the collection was put up for sale and the majority acquired by the Hampshire County Council Museums Service.
Several preserved Tasker vehicles are displayed at the Milestones Museum in Basingstoke, Hampshire.
References
External links
Taskers full history at Hampshire Museum
Manufacturing companies established in 1813
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1984
Companies based in Hampshire
Steam road vehicle manufacturers
Defunct manufacturing companies of the United Kingdom
1813 establishments in England
British companies established in 1813
The SMKB (Smart-MK-Bomb) is a guidance kit that turns a standard Mk 82 (500 lbs) and Mk 83 (1.000 lbs) into a Precision-guided weapon, respectively called SMKB-82 and SMKB-83. The kit provides extended range up to and are guided by an integrated inertial guidance system coupled to three satellites networks, relying on wireless to handle the flow of data between the aircraft and the munition.
Development
In April 2009, AEQ and Mectron, defense division of Odebrecht Organisation, displayed at LAAD 2009 the first mock-up of a Brazilian precision guided weapons kit. Development of the SMKB was officially started in November 2009, and included a partnership with the Brazilian Air Force, through the "General Command of Aerospatial Technology" (Comando-Geral de Tecnologia Aeroespacial, CTA).
In the early stages of development, it was tested with GPS as the only satellite navigation network, however it is known that the U.S. (and other nations) have methods and devices to interfere with the satellite signal (jamming), thereby degrading weapon accuracy. In order to improve the resilience against jamming, it was decided to create a guide system, capable of operating with three satellite navigation networks: GPS (USA), Galileo (European Union) and GLONASS (Russia). The software coupled to the SMKB reads simultaneously and individually the three systems and assesses the positioning based on a verification algorithm, which provides greater reliability, because the data are crossed to allow correct positioning. In addition, the company has developed anti-jamming capability with encrypted software which provides complete system integrity, also enhanced by the use of a highly directive radiation pattern.
Super Tucano aircraft were used during a 2 weeks long trials at which the first in-flight launch of the weapon took place in December 2010 at Natal Air Force Base. The SMKB-82 was cleared for use with the AMX, F-5, Kfir and Super Tucano by December 2012. Qualification test for SMKB-83 are scheduled to commence in 2013
Variants
SMKB-82 - Kit for Mk-82
SMKB-83 - Kit for Mk-83
See also
FPG-82
Similar Weapons
Joint Direct Attack Munition
AASM
Paveway IV
HGK
Spice
Umbani
LT PGB
References
External links
Mectron: Smart Weapons
AEQ: SMKB-82 - Wireless Systems (official brochure)
Aerial bombs of Brazil
Guided missiles of Brazil
Guided bombs
Marily Nika FRSA, is a Greek computational scientist and product manager who works for Google in augmented reality, specializing in speech technologies and artificial intelligence. Based in San Francisco, California, they are the co-founder of the Geekettes, a global network that supports women in STEM. Nika is known for their work as a philanthropist and for their contributions to supporting the women in tech community.
Early life and education
Marily Nika grew up in Athens, Greece and attended University of Piraeus for their undergraduate studies and Imperial College London for their Ph.D. Growing up, they always demonstrated a unique passion and competence in programming. In 2011, Nika was the first Greek woman to receive Google's Anita Borg Scholarship, which allowed them to pursue a Ph.D. at Imperial College London. During their time at Imperial College, they created the Women in Computing group that aimed to support the College's women, and as part of this Nika organized various events including the UK's first ever female-only hackathon. Moreover, they launched the London Geekettes, a local chapter of a global network called the Geekettes. In 2020, they became the co-founder of the larger organization, Geekettes. In 2015, Nika created the computing curriculum for several British schools as part of Little Miss Geek.
In 2014 Nika completed their Ph.D. Them research focused on explaining by maths and epidemiology how content goes viral online. Them Ph.D. research got published as a book by Lambert Academic Publishing and also got presented at TEDxAthens in 2014.
Career
Nika completed a Ph.D. internship in data science at Facebook in 2014, and then joined Google's speech team full-time as an AI product manager working on a series of Google Assistant and speech technologies features. At the same time, they are a Teaching Fellow at Harvard Business School where they teach a forum series in Product Management. They also teach Product Management at O'Reilly Media.
Nika is a three-time TEDx Speaker (TEDxZurich 2013, TEDxAthens 2014, TEDxImperialCollege 2015), a Teaching fellow at Harvard Business School and an entrepreneur.
Awards
2015's Medal of Outstanding Achievement (Imperial College London, Royal Albert Hall)
2015's WISE Influence Award (Women in Science & Engineering)
2018's Woman of the Year award (everywoman in technology awards, London)
2020's Top 100 Women in tech, #TechWomen in London
2021's Emerging Leader Award (Imperial College London Alumni Association, London)
2021's 40 under 40 list (Greek America Foundation, New York)
References
Greek computer scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
KF Jehona Kozare is an Albanian professional football club based in Kozare. They last competed in the Albanian Third Division.
See also
List of football clubs in Albania
References
Jehona
Qiwllaqucha (Quechua qillwa, qiwlla, qiwiña gull, qucha lake, "gull lake", hispanicized names Lago Quiula, Laguna Quiula) is a lake at an unpopulated place of that name (Quiulacocha) in Peru located in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Laraos District. Qiwllaqucha lies in the north of the district, southeast of Raqray. This is where the Qiwlla River (or Qiwllamayu in Quechua) originates. It flows to the south.
References
Lakes of Peru
Lakes of Lima Region
Lophostropheus (pronounced: "LOAF-oh-STRO-fee-us") is an extinct genus of coelophysoid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 205.6 to 196.5 million years ago during the boundary between the Late Triassic Period and the Early Jurassic Period, in what is now Normandy, France. Lophostropheus is one of the few dinosaurs that may have survived the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event.
Lophostropheus was a small to medium-sized, moderately-built, ground-dwelling, bipedal carnivore, that could grow up to long. Over the years it had been incorrectly classified as Halticosaurus and Liliensternus, but was later recognized as a new genus and was reassigned to Lophostropheus in 2007.
Etymology
Lophostropheus was described and named by Argentine paleontologist Martin Ezcurra (Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales) and French paleontologist Gilles Cuny of the Université Pierre et Marie Curie in 2007, and the type species is Lophostropheus airelensis. The composite term Lophostropheus is derived from the Greek words "lophè" (λόφη) meaning "crest" and the word "stropheus" (στροφεύς) meaning "pertaining to the vertebrae"; thus, "crest vertebrae". This naming is a reference to the prominent dorsal and ventral laminae observed in the cranial cervical vertebrae. The specific name, "airelensis" is a reference to the locality where the specimen was discovered, the Airel Quarry.
Description
Estimates suggest that Lophostropheus was at best long and weighed at most. In 2016 Molina-Pérez and Larramendi gave a higher estimation of 5.2 meters (17 ft) and 136 kg (300 lbs). It is based on a partial skeleton first described in 1966 as a specimen of Halticosaurus.
Classification
Lophostropheus differs from other theropods in several ways. It has features reminiscent of more derived theropods, such as having a ball connection to the front of its neck vertebrae, a socket connection to the front of its tail vertebrae, and a vertical ridge on the ilium. These characteristics have all been interpreted as convergences, however. It also has prominent crests on the tops and bottoms of its neck vertebrae (for which it was named), and an extra pair of cavities in its neck vertebrae, unlike Liliensternus. It was closer to the coelophysids, including the well-known Coelophysis, than to Liliensternus. It has been assigned to the superfamily Coelophysoidea. An analysis of early dinosaurs by Baron, Norman and Barrett (2017) placed Lophostropheus in a position close to the derived theropods Sinosaurus and Cryolophosaurus.
Distinguishing anatomical features
A diagnosis is a statement of the anatomical features of an organism (or group) that collectively distinguish it from all other organisms. Some, but not all, of the features in a diagnosis are also autapomorphies. An autapomorphy is a distinctive anatomical feature that is unique to a given organism or group.
According to Ezcurra and Cuny (2007), Lophostropheus can be distinguished based on the following characteristics:
a moderately convex anterior articular surface of the anterior postaxial cervical vertebrae (also present in Ceratosauria+Tetanurae)
the last dorsal vertebral centrum has a large and oval lateral fossa (also observed in Herrerasaurus)
the last dorsal vertebra has a dorsoventrally well-extended hyposphene
an incipient concavity is present on the cranial articular surface of the cranial caudal vertebrae (also present in Ceratosauria+Tetanurae)
the constant length of the caudal vertebrae along the length of the tail (also in Dilophosaurus)
History of discovery
In 1966, the French paleontologists Claude Larsonneur and Albert-Félix de Lapparent described a partial theropod skeleton from the Triassic-Jurassic boundary of Normandy, found in 1959 by Claude Pareyn, as Halticosaurus sp. This specimen consisted of a tooth, five neck vertebrae, two vertebrae from the back, four sacral vertebrae, tail vertebrae, portions of all the pelvic bones, and an unidentified fragment. It was reinterpreted in 1993 by Gilles Cuny and Peter Galton as belonging to a new species, assigned to Liliensternus and named L. airelensis. Other researchers began to notice differences between L. airelensis and the type species, L. liliensterni, such as those observed in the pleurocoels of the cervical vertebrae, and in 2007, Martin Ezcurra and Gilles Cuny assigned it to its own genus, Lophostropheus.
Paleobiology
Lophostropheus, as a coelophysoid, would have been a small to medium-sized bipedal carnivore, probably comparable in size and habits to Liliensternus ( the best specimen estimated at 5.15 meters long, or 16.9 feet). Very few dinosaurs are known from its time period; in fact, it is the only theropod genus known from good remains at the Triassic-Jurassic boundary.
Paleoecology
The remains of the type specimen of Lophostropheus airelensis was recovered in the Airel Quarry locality of the Moon-Airel Formation, in Basse-Normandie, France. The specimen was collected by Pareyn in 1959 in sandy claystone and lenticular, sandy limestone that was deposited on the boundary of the Rhaetian stage of the Triassic period and the Hettangian stage of the Jurassic period, approximately 205.6 to 196.5 million years ago. It is one of the few dinosaurs known to have lived during the Triassic-Jurassic boundary. Lophostropheus is one of the few dinosaurs that may have survived the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event when at least half of the known species living on Earth became extinct. This specimen is housed in the collection of Caen University in Normandy, France, and has not been assigned a collection number.
References
Coelophysoids
Hettangian life
Rhaetian life
Late Triassic dinosaurs of Europe
Early Jurassic dinosaurs of Europe
Jurassic France
Triassic France
Fossils of France
Fossil taxa described in 2007
The Kimber Custom is an M1911 style semi-automatic pistol. It is designed, manufactured, and distributed by Kimber Manufacturing, Inc. in Yonkers, New York.
Overview
The Custom is made in a variety of styles with different features and finishes. As an M1911 style pistol, it is usually chambered in .45 ACP. It also has been produced in other calibers, including .40 S&W, 10mm Auto, 9mm Luger, and .38 Super. The individual gun's caliber is stamped on top of the barrel and is visible with the slide in battery (fully forward).
The Custom is a full-sized model 1911, with a five-inch barrel. The frame and slide are made of steel. The Custom utilizes a single full-length guide rod, necessitating the serrations on the front of the slide for press checks. Although the Custom is considered Kimber's base model, it has a number of features that were formerly found only on customized model 1911s, such as a lowered ejection port, custom trigger, beveled magazine well, extended thumb safety, and beavertail grip safety.
The original Custom model has been superseded by the Custom II. The Custom II has an internal firing pin safety. This feature is designed to provide additional assurance that the gun will not fire if dropped, as the firing pin is blocked from striking the chambered cartridge unless the grip safety is depressed.
Custom TLE II
The Kimber Custom TLE II is a model of Kimber Custom. The designation "TLE" stands for "Tactical Law Enforcement". The TLE is identical, except for the markings, to a special model that was designed for use by the LAPD SWAT team. Unlike the standard Custom, it comes with tritium bar-dot night sights and 30 lines per inch frontstrap checkering.
The TLE has been manufactured in the following variations:
Custom TLE II, the standard variation and the same as the LAPD SWAT model.
Custom TLE II (LG), with laser grip sights.
Custom TLE/RL II, with an accessory mounting rail.
Stainless TLE II, with a stainless steel finish.
Stainless TLE/RL II, with a stainless steel finish and an accessory mounting rail.
ICQB, Warrior, and Desert Warrior
The Kimber Warrior and Desert Warrior are models that are based on a special version of the Custom that was built for the United States Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command. The MARSOC pistol, known as the Kimber ICQB (Interim Close Quarter Battle) pistol, does not have an internal firing pin block as seen on the rest of the current Kimber Custom models, hence a "II" does not follow the Warrior or Desert Warrior's names. These pistols have an ambidextrous thumb safety, a lanyard loop, an internal extractor, and, in contrast to other Custom models, a standard length recoil spring guide rod to allow easier field stripping without tools.
The ICQB pistol is fitted with a screw-on Dawson Precision light rail, Novak LoMount tritium night sights, and brown Simonich Gunner grips. The guns were delivered to MARSOC equipped with SureFire integrated military pistol lights, Gemtech TRL tactical retention lanyards, and Wilson Combat 7- or 8-round magazines.
The Warrior and Desert Warrior have a frame-integrated M1913 light rail, Kimber Meprolight tritium night sights, and Kimber's own special grips that are very similar to the Gunner grips in coyote brown. They are delivered with Kimber factory magazines. They are otherwise the same as the ICQB pistols.
The Warrior has a matte black KimPro finish and a standard Custom trigger. The Desert Warrior comes in a green-tan KimPro finish that would blend in with desert camouflage, and has a solid trigger.
Other Custom models
Other models of Kimber Custom include the following:
Stainless II, with a frame and slide made of stainless steel, and therefore silver in color instead of matte black.
Custom Target II, with adjustable target sights.
Stainless Target II, with adjustable target sights and a stainless steel frame and slide.
Royal II, with a polished blue finish and rosewood grips.
Related models
Kimber has also produced several higher-end full-sized model 1911 pistols that are closely based on the Custom, but are not considered part of the Custom line due to their additional features and higher price. These include the following:
Eclipse Custom II, with bi-tone stainless and black finish and night sights.
Tactical Custom II, with gray aluminum frame, black steel slide, night sights, ambidextrous thumb safety, and extended magazine well.
Tactical Entry II, with gray stainless steel frame, black steel slide, night sights, ambidextrous thumb safety, extended magazine well and accessory mounting rail.
Custom CDP II, with black aluminum frame, stainless steel slide, night sights, ambidextrous thumb safety, and "carry melt" rounded edges.
Custom Covert II, with desert camouflage aluminum frame, black steel slide, laser light grips, standard length guide rod, night sights, lanyard loop, and "carry melt" rounded edges.
SIS Custom, with gray finish, flat top slide, standard length guide rod, night sights with cocking shoulder, ambidextrous thumb safety, and "carry melt" rounded edges, and without a firing pin safety.
Custom Crimson Carry II, with aluminum frame, matte black steel slide, and rosewood finish laser grips.
Super Carry Custom, with aluminum frame, matte black steel slide, night sights with cocking shoulder, round heel frame, "carry melt" rounded edges, and without a firing pin safety.
Gallery
See also
M1911 pistol
Kimber Eclipse
Kimber Aegis
References
External links
Kimber Full Size 45ACP Manual
Semi-automatic pistols of the United States
9mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistols
.45 ACP semi-automatic pistols
1911 platform
Police weapons
Kimber firearms
Still Unforgettable is a 2008 studio album by American singer-songwriter and performer Natalie Cole. Cole won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album for Still Unforgettable at the 51st Grammy Awards.
Background
Speaking in July 2008 to noted UK soul writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning Blues & Soul, Cole discussed the thinking behind 'Still Unforgettable': "While we were still trying to create that same 'Unforgettable'-type mood or environment, this time I wanted to expand. Rather than just doing another Nat 'King' Cole tribute – which was not necessary – I wanted to go deeper into the American Songbook, by not just getting songs from my father, but also from other singers of their time like Frank Sinatra, Lena Horne, Sammy Davis Jr. and Peggy Lee. You know, there was something about the approach that the writers from that era had to the lyrics and the melodies that was so intentional, so purposeful. Which I think is the thing that's missing from music today."
Track listing
Unless otherwise noted, information is based on the album's Liner Notes
Note
Nat King Cole's original version of "Walkin' My Baby Back Home" was recorded on September 4, 1951.
Personnel
Musicians
Natalie Cole – vocals
Nat King Cole – sampled vocals (1)
Terry Trotter – acoustic piano (1, 2, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, 14)
Tamir Hendelman – acoustic piano (3, 4, 13)
Alan Broadbent – acoustic piano (5, 9)
Tom Ranier – celesta (5, 10, 13)
John Chiodini – guitar (1, 5, 6, 7, 9-14)
Jim Hughart – bass (1, 2, 5-12)
Reggie Hamilton – bass (3, 14)
Chuck Berghofer – bass (4, 13)
Harold Jones – drums (1, 2, 5-12)
Jeff Hamilton – drums (3)
Gregg Field – drums (4, 13)
Lewis Nash – drums (14)
Vanessa Brown – percussion, triangle (7)
Pete Christlieb – tenor saxophone solo (7, 12)
Charles Loper – trombone (7)
Andy Martin – trombone (7)
Rick Baptist – trumpet (7)
Warren Luening – trumpet (7), trumpet solo (8)
Orchestra
Endre Granat – concertmaster
Horns, Reeds and Woodwinds
Pete Christlieb, Gene Cipriano, Jeff Clayton, Gary Foster, Jennifer Hall, Dan Higgins and Sal Lozano – saxophones
Gary Foster, Sal Lozano, Sheridon Stokes and Jim Walker – woodwinds
Rose Corrigan – bassoon
Tom Ranier – clarinet
Tom Boyd – English horn, oboe
Craig Gosnell, Alan Kaplan, Charles Loper, Andy Martin, Bruce Otto and Dave Ryan – trombone
Rick Baptist, Wayne Bergeron, Gilbert Castellanos, Daniel Fornero, Warren Luening and Carl Saunders – trumpet
Steven Becknell, Nathan Campbell, David Duke, Brian O'Connor and James Thatcher – French horn
Strings
Trey Henry, Edward Meares, Mike Valerio and Frances Liu Wu – bass
Larry Corbett, Dennis Karmazyn, Timothy Loo, David Low, Miguel Martinez and Cecilia Tsan – cello
Katie Kirkpatrick – harp
Karen Elaine, Matt Funes, Pamela Goldsmith, Darrin McCann and Jorge Moraga – viola
Charlie Bisharat, Mark Cargill, Lily Ho Chen, Kevin Connolly, Mario DeLeon, Joel Derouin, Bruce Dukov, Endre Granat, Songa Lee, Natalie Leggett, Phillip Levy, Liane Mautner, Helen Nightengale, Sid Page, Alyssa Park, Sara Parkins, Bob Peterson, Katia Popov, Lesa Terry and Shalini Vijayan – violin
Arrangements
Bill Holman – arrangements (1, 12)
Jim Hughart – arrangements (3, 7)
Alan Broadbent – arrangements (5, 6, 9)
Nan Schwartz – arrangements (8, 10)
Patrick Williams – arrangements (13)
Harold Wheeler – arrangements (14)
Production
Tena Clark – executive producer
Natalie Cole – producer, liner notes
Gail Deadrick – co-producer, musical director
Al Schmitt – recording, mixing
Bill Schnee – additional recording on rhythm tracks (5, 7, 13, 14) at Bill Schnee Studios (North Hollywood, California)
Travis Ference – additional engineer
Darius Fong – additional engineer
Aaron Walk – additional engineer
Steve Genewick – additional vocal engineer, Pro Tools editing
Doug Sax – mastering at The Mastering Lab (Hollywood, California)
Diana Barnes – art direction, design
Matthew Rolston – photography
References
External links
Official site
2008 albums
Natalie Cole albums
Rhino Records albums
Covers albums
Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album
Traditional pop albums
Sequel albums
Mario Varglien (; 26 December 1905 – 11 August 1978), also known as Varglien I, was an Italian football player and manager born in Fiume (today Rijeka), who played as a midfielder.
Club career
Varglien played club football with Juventus for most of their career, winning five Serie A championships, and also serving as the team's captain.
International career
At international level, Varglien was also part of the Italian national football team which won the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
Personal life
Mario's brother, Giovanni Varglien also played football in Italy and with the Italian national team; the two brothers played at Juventus together.
Honours
Player
Club
Juventus
Serie A: 1930–31, 1931–32, 1932–33, 1933–34, 1934–35
Coppa Italia: 1937–38, 1941–42
International
Italy
FIFA World Cup: 1934
Coach
Club
Como
Serie B: 1948–49
References
1905 births
1978 deaths
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
Juventus F.C. players
1934 FIFA World Cup players
FIFA World Cup-winning players
Italian football managers
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 managers
Como 1907 managers
A.S. Roma managers
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Serie A players
Sportspeople from Rijeka
People from Rijeka
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
U.S. Fiumana players
HNK Rijeka players
Association football midfielders
The 2010 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Ross–Ade Stadium in West Lafayette, Indiana and competed in the Big Ten Conference. It was Danny Hope's second season as head coach. The Boilermakers finished the season 4–8, 2–6 in Big Ten play.
Before the season
The Boilermakers were looking to improve on a 5–7 record (4–4 in conference play) in 2009, in which they finished 7th in the Big Ten conference. The offense will be led by Robert Marve, the highly rated transfer from Miami (FL), who was named the starting quarterback. They also planned on using Rob Henry at the quarterback position. The running backs were going to be led by Ralph Bolden, who nearly had a 1,000 yard seasons in 2009, but tore their ACL and missed the 2010 season. The receiving core returns its 2009 leader in receptions, yards and touchdowns, Keith Smith, as well as Antavian Edison who saw significant playing time during the 2009 season as a true first-year student. On the defense, the linemen will be led by Ryan Kerrigan, who was selected as a Phil Steele preseason 1st Team All-Big Ten, the team's top returning sack man. The linebacking group returns all three starters from a season ago, which includes Dwayne Beckford and Joe Holland. The secondary will be breaking a whole new group of starters led by junior Albert Evans. The Boilermakers are looking to return to a bowl game for the first time since 2007.
Recruiting
Schedule
Game summaries
at Notre Dame
vs. Western Illinois
vs. Ball State
Band Day and Family Day
vs. Toledo
at Northwestern
Homecoming and 2001 Rose Bowl Throwback Game
Source: ESPN
at Ohio State
at Illinois
vs. Wisconsin
vs. Michigan
at Michigan State
vs. Indiana
Roster
Statistics
Freshman Quarterback, Rob Henry, became the first ever player lead the Boilermakers in rushing and passing yards in the same season.
Team
Scores by quarter
Offense
Rushing
Passing
Receiving
Defense
Special teams
After the season
2011 NFL Draft
Awards
Unanimous First-team All-American (Ryan Kerrigan)
Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year (Ryan Kerrigan)
Big Ten Defensive Lineman of the Year (Ryan Kerrigan)
Ryan Kerrigan semifinalist for the Rotary Lombardi Award.
References
Purdue
Purdue Boilermakers football seasons
Purdue Boilermakers football
is a Japanese composer. They graduated from Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music in 1986. Sahashi has composed music for various anime series (including OVAs, movies, and drama CDs), video games, movies, dramas, and musicals.
Their works include the original soundtracks for Zipang, Ghost Sweeper Mikami, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny, Gunslinger Girl, Black Blood Brothers, Seijuu Sentai Gingaman, Kamen Rider Kuuga, Kamen Rider Agito, Kamen Rider Hibiki, Kamen Rider Den-O, Full Metal Panic!, Hunter × Hunter, Simoun, Reborn! and composed all three Saint Seiya anime series. Together with the London Symphony Orchestra, two symphonic albums have been released, each arranging their compositions from Gundam SEED and Gundam SEED Destiny. For the Mobile Suit Gundam franchise's 30th anniversary, they again collaborated with the London Symphony Orchestra for another symphonic music album.
The style of their composition is richly symphonic and classical (occasionally jazz). The use of sophisticated compositional techniques, as well as complicated harmony writing such as fugue can often be heard in their work, demonstrating their solid training in the western classical music. They also use keyboard instruments to deliver more sentimental soundtracks to good effect.
Musics
Akazukin Chacha (TV)
Angel Links (TV)
The Big O (TV)
Black Blood Brothers (TV)
Blue Stinger (VG)
Burn-Up Scramble (TV)
Capeta (TV)
Carried by the Wind: Tsukikage Ran (TV)
Cooking Papa (TV)
Cosprayers (TV)
Cutie Honey Flash (TV)
Digimon Adventure: (TV)
Element Hunters (TV)
Fatal Fury 2: The New Battle (TV)
Fatal Fury: Legend of the Hungry Wolf (TV)
Fatal Fury: The Motion Picture
Full Metal Panic! (TV)
Full Metal Panic! Invisible Victory (TV)
Full Metal Panic! The Second Raid (OVA)
Full Metal Panic! The Second Raid (TV)
Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu (TV)
Future GPX Cyber Formula Saga (OVA)
Future GPX Cyber Formula SIN (OVA)
Gear Fighter Dendoh (TV)
Gekisou Sentai Carranger (live-action TV)
Genji Tsūshin Agedama (TV)
Ghost Sweeper Mikami (TV)
Gunslinger Girl (TV)
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight (TV)
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight: Adeu's Legend (OVA)
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight: Adeu's Legend II (OVA)
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight: Adeu's Legend Final - Onsen Dungeon no Kettō (OVA)
Hit o Nerae! (TV)
Hunter × Hunter (TV)
Hunter × Hunter (OVA)
Hunter × Hunter: Greed Island (OVA)
Hunter × Hunter: G.I. Final (OVA)
Kamen Rider Agito (live-action TV)
Kamen Rider Den-O (live-action TV)
Kamen Rider Kuuga (live-action TV)
Kamen Rider Hibiki (live-action TV)
Kamen Rider Zi-O (live-action TV)
Kishin Corps (OAV)
Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo (TV)
Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo: The Movie
Legend of Crystania (OVA)
Love Love? (TV)
Magic Knight Rayearth (OVA)
Majin And The Forsaken Kingdom
Mashin Hero Wataru (TV)
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED (TV)
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED: Special Edition (OVA)
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny (TV)
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny: Special Edition (OVA)
Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon (Musical, 20th anniversary stage: La Reconquista–Le Movement Final)
Reborn! (TV)
Rizelmine (TV)
Sacred Seven (TV)
Saint Seiya: Saintia Shō (TV)
Saint Seiya: Soul of Gold (ONA)
Saint Seiya Omega (TV)
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman (live-action TV)
Simoun (TV)
Steel Angel Kurumi (TV)
Steel Angel Kurumi 2 (TV)
Steel Angel Kurumi Encore (OVA)
Steel Angel Kurumi Pure (live-action TV)
Steel Angel Kurumi Zero (OVA)
Superior Ultraman 8 Brothers (Movie)
The Cosmopolitan Prayers (TV)
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire (TV)
Ultraman: The Ultimate Hero (live-action TV)
Ultraman Gaia (live-action TV)
Ultraman Mebius (live-action TV)
Ultraman Mebius & Ultraman Brothers (Movie)
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle (live-action TV)
Vampiyan Kids (TV)
Whistle! (TV)
Zipang (TV)
Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger (live-action TV)
References
External links
Official homepage
1959 births
Anime composers
Japanese composers
Japanese film score composers
Japanese male composers
Japanese male film score composers
Living people
People from Tachikawa
Tokyo University of the Arts alumni
Video game composers
Arthur Rex Beale Neame (14 June 1936 – 12 November 2008), known as Rex Neame, was an English amateur cricketer who worked in the brewing industry. They played first-class cricket for Kent County Cricket Club between 1956 and 1957 as well as for other teams, including MCC and Free Foresters and was one of the leading schoolboy sportsmen of the mid-1950s.
Early life
Neame was born at Faversham in Kent into the Neame family which operated the Shepherd Neame brewery in the town. They were educated at prep school at Hindhead in Hampshire before going on to Harrow School where they captained the cricket team in 1954 and 1955 and was Head Boy in their final year. They captained England at schoolboy level in both cricket and rugby union and was considered a talented sportsman and described as the "leading all-rounder" in school cricket in 1955.
Cricket career
Neame made their Kent debut in 1956 and played occasionally for the side as an amateur when they could find the time to be away from the family business. They made a total of 10 first-class appearances, including four for Kent. They played more regularly for the county Second XI and won their Second XI cap in 1956.
Work life
In 1959 Neame took over the day to day management of Shepherd Neame's Queen Court Farm at Ospringe and in 1961 was appointed to the brewery's board. They left the company in 1967 after their contract was not renewed and worked at Bulmers and Marston's breweries before running a hotel near Kinlochbervie in Sutherland.
Later life
After moving to Norfolk to paint, Neame returned to live in Kent after becoming unwell. They suffered from Alzheimer's disease and died at a nursing home at Herne Bay in 2008 aged 72.
References
External links
1936 births
2008 deaths
People educated at Harrow School
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Faversham
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
D. R. Jardine's XI cricketers
Satriano is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography
The town is bordered by Cardinale, Davoli, Gagliato, Petrizzi, San Sostene and Soverato.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Jacqueline Marie "Jackie" Hudson , (November 19, 1934 – August 3, 2011) was an American Dominican sister and anti-nuclear activist. They spent the first 29 years of their working career as a music teacher. After their retirement from education, they dedicated their life to anti-war activism, during the course of which their actions led them to be arrested several times. In 2011, after a decline in their health in prison, Hudson died from multiple myeloma at the age of 76.
Early life, education, and career
Born in Saginaw, Michigan, they were the younger of two children. Them father had studied in a seminary for a time and both their parents were very religious. Hudson was raised in the Roman Catholic faith and attended Catholic schools for their entire education. In 1952, at the age of 18, they decided to join the Dominican Sisters of Grand Rapids.
After their initial formation as a member of their religious congregation, Hudson was permitted to attend VanderCook College of Music, concentrating in music and religious education. This led to a nearly three decades long career as a music teacher at a series of Roman Catholic junior high schools in Michigan, where they taught piano and band as well as vocal music. Throughout this time, they also sang in a musical group composed of other Dominican Sisters, known as the Mellow D's.
Activism
After their retirement in the early 1980s, Hudson started to study the effects of nuclear bombs and radiation on the environment and people; because of what they found, they subsequently focused their ministry on peace and protesting nuclear proliferation. In 1983, they protested the introduction of nuclear cruise missiles to Michigan. In 1990, they were arrested and imprisoned for 6 months for illegally accessing a bunker on Wurtsmith Air Force Base and painting "Christ lives, Disarm" on the side of it. Hudson had a strong belief that they were doing the right thing and living out their faith, and stated that "[Jesus] put life before the law." In this, they were acting upon a determination by their congregation that the members were free to take social stands about which they felt deeply as individuals, without, however, representing the congregation.
Hudson moved to Bremerton, Washington, in 1993 where they joined a peace community involved in social justice issues. They became certified as a commercial driver and obtained a job driving a city bus in order to earn an income through which they both could support themselves and meet their financial obligations to the congregation.
In 2000, Hudson and two other Sisters of their congregation, Carol Gilbert, O.P., and Ardeth Platte, O.P., entered Peterson Air Force Base without authorization and sprinkled blood on a fighter plane. The trio was caught and arrested. They were then held in a federal prison until the charges were dropped because there was no lasting damage done to the airplane. Gilbert claimed that the base was part of the "Star Wars" defense system and the government did not want to draw unnecessary attention to the area. In 2002, the same group of nuns gained access to a Minuteman III missile silo in Colorado. Wearing white hazmat suits emblazoned with "Citizen Weapon Inspection Team," they pounded on the missile, drew a cross in their own blood and prayed for peace.
At their pre-trial hearing, the Sisters, dressed in their religious habit, engaged in silent protest by only answering the judge with a nod. When their trial came about, the presiding judge, Robert E. Blackburn, granted an in limine motion to the prosecutor preventing the Sisters from arguing that their actions were legal under international law and the Nuremberg defense. The group was sentenced to between 31 and 40 months for obstructing national defense and damaging government property. The Sisters' appeal was rejected in 2005 by the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.
In 2010, Hudson and 13 others illegally entered the grounds of Y-12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. They were incarcerated in a Georgia prison pending their sentence, but was allowed to go home in June 2011 due to a serious decline in their health.
Death and legacy
Hudson died on August 3, 2011, at age 76, at the Harrison Medical Center near their home in Poulsbo, Washington. They had suffered from pneumonia, but the cause of death was multiple myeloma. For 58 years, until their death, they were a member of the Dominican Order. In November 2011, Dorli Rainey, an Occupy Seattle protester cited Hudson as their inspiration "to keep fighting the good fight, even in the winter years of their life."
See also
Megan Rice
Notes
References and bibliography
Further reading
1934 births
2011 deaths
Deaths from multiple myeloma
People from Saginaw, Michigan
Dominican Sisters
20th-century American Roman Catholic nuns
Roman Catholic activists
American anti–nuclear weapons activists
Deaths from cancer in Washington (state)
Catholics from Michigan
People from Poulsbo, Washington
Schoolteachers from Michigan
American women educators
21st-century American Roman Catholic nuns
John H. Edwards (March 9, 1875 – May 7, 1955) was an American banker who served as the United States Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under President Theodore Roosevelt
Early life
Edwards was born on March 9, 1875 in South Charleston, Ohio.
Career
Edwards began their career in the U.S. Census Bureau in Washington, D.C. in 1891 to 1892. In 1893, they returned to Ohio to join the Bank of South Charleston. In 1896, they were chosen as the Assistant Secretary of the Ohio Bankers' Association. In 1897 they returned to Washington to become the secretary to Ohio Congressman Walter L. Weaver before becoming the confidential secretary of Postmaster General Henry Clay Payne.
In 1902, they joined the U.S. Treasury Department as private secretary to Treasury Secretary Leslie M. Shaw. In 1906, President Roosevelt appointed the then thirty year-old Edwards Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under George B. Cortelyou, who gave them charge of all of the financial bureaus of the Treasury Department. In 1908, Edwards resigned from Treasury and Louis A. Coolidge, former secretary to Henry Cabot Lodge, was appointed by President Roosevelt as their replacement.
After leaving the Treasury Department, they became the receiver for the New Amsterdam National Bank in New York City. While receiver, they sold bonds and stock of the New York & Cuba Mail Steamship Co., Ft. Wayne & Wabash Valley Traction Co. among others. By October 1908, they were authorizing a divided to shareholders.
Personal life
In 1898, they married Margaret Johnson, daughter of Albanus T. Johnson and Margaret ( Stephenson) Johnson of Washington, D.C. Together they were the parents of three children: John H. Edwards Jr., Mary F. Edwards, and Barbara Edwards.
While receiver, they lived at the Hotel Gotham in New York (today known as The Peninsula) and was a member of the Republican Club of New York and of the Army and Navy Club in Washington.
Edwards died on May 7, 1955 and was buried at Fort Lincoln Cemetery in Brentwood, Maryland.
1914 arrest
In August 1914, Edwards was arrested on Park Avenue in New York City by Central Office detectives on an indictment found in Washington, charging desertion and non-support of their wife and three children. Edwards was turned over to U.S. Marshall Henkel and was arraigned before Commissioner Clarence S. Houghton before consenting to return to Washington.
References
External links
Letter from John H. Edwards to William Loeb at the Theodore Roosevelt Digital Library
1875 births
1955 deaths
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury
The flag of the now-defunct State of Katanga, a regime in the southern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that briefly existed during the Congo Crisis, was designed by an architect Louis Dressen, former manager of Banque du Congo Belge in Elisabethville (modern-day Lubumbashi).
Components of the flag had to represent the motto of Katanga: Force, espoir et Paix dans la Prospérité ("Power, Hope and Peace in Prosperity"). The red component is for power, green for hope, white for peace and the croisettes (saltires/crosses, based on the area's traditional currency, the Katanga cross) for prosperity.
See also
Flag of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Katanga cross
References
Historical flags
Flag
State of Katanga
Flags introduced in 1960
Marukai Corporation U.S.A. is an American offshoot chain of retail markets that imports and sells Japanese goods in American cities started by the Osaka, Japan-based . Unlike other Japanese supermarkets, which may carry non-Japanese products based on local diversity, Marukai has Hawaiian products as a core focus in addition to Japanese in all its stores. Its headquarters are in Gardena, California, in Greater Los Angeles.
History
The company was founded in 1965 by Richard and Hidejiro Matsu, sons of the founder of parent company Marukai Trading. In 1975, the company established Marukai Los Angeles. By 1980, it changed to its current name and opened Marukai Wholesale Mart in Gardena, California. The company began to emphasize membership-based retail shopping.
In 1999, the company opened its first 98cent Plus Store carrying Daiso products, before Daiso had its own stores in US. The company has since expanded to 11 locations in California with over 400 employees in California. These stores sell Japanese food and household items.
In 2013, Don Quijote purchased 100 percent of Marukai stock. In 2015, Marukai started operating stores under the name Tokyo Central.
Locations
Marukai
Marukai Market
Cupertino, California
Little Tokyo, Los Angeles, California
West Los Angeles, California
San Diego, California
Marukai Wholesale Mart
Honolulu, Hawaii
Tokyo Central
Tokyo Central & Main
Gardena, California
San Diego, California
Tokyo Central Specialty Market
Gardena, California
Costa Mesa, California
Torrance, California
West Covina, California
Yorba Linda, California
Controversy
On March 9, 2006, Marukai agreed to pay a $52,000 fine to the United States Environmental Protection Agency for selling 11 unregistered Japanese pesticide products.
In 2011, the company was fined $222,030 for selling and distributing unregistered pesticides and mislabeled pesticide devices, violations that were found in 2008.
See also
Mitsuwa Marketplace
99 Ranch Market
H Mart
Nijiya Market
References
External links
Official Marukai Corporation website
Online shopping website
Marukai Hawaii
Japanese supermarkets
Supermarkets of the United States
Companies based in Los Angeles County, California
Gardena, California
American companies established in 1965
Retail companies established in 1965
1965 establishments in Hawaii
Japanese-American culture in Los Angeles
Japanese-American culture in California
Japanese-American culture in Hawaii
2013 mergers and acquisitions
American subsidiaries of foreign companies
Three vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Regulus, after the star:
was a fifth rate frigate of 44 guns, launched at Northam in January 1785 and converted to a troopship in 1793. Because Regulus served in the navy's Egyptian campaign (8 March to 2 September 1801), their officers and crew qualified for the clasp "Egypt" to the Naval General Service Medal, which the Admiralty issued in 1847 to all surviving claimants. Regulus was broken up in March 1816.
was a launched at Barrow-in-Furness in June 1930 and lost in December 1940, possibly sunk by a mine near Taranto, Southern Italy.
was an launched at Toronto in September 1943 and originally to have been called HMCS Longbranch. In January 1945 a mine sank them off Corfu.
Sources
References
Royal Navy ship names
The Fat Duck is a fine dining restaurant in Bray, Berkshire, England. It is run by celebrity chef proprietor Heston Blumenthal. Housed in a 16th-century building that had previously been the site of The Bell pub, The Fat Duck opened on 16 August 1995. Although it originally served food similar to that of a French bistro, it soon acquired a reputation for precision and invention, and has been at the forefront of many modern culinary developments, such as food pairing, flavour encapsulation and multi-sensory cooking.
The number of staff in the kitchen has increased from four when it first opened to 42, resulting in a ratio of one kitchen staff member per customer. The restaurant gained its first Michelin star in 1999, its second in 2002 and its third in 2004, making it one of three in the United Kingdom to earn three Michelin stars. It lost its status as a three-starred restaurant in the 2016 guide due to renovation preventing it from being open for assessment. The restaurant regained three stars in the following year's Michelin guide.
The restaurant is known for its fourteen-course tasting menu featuring dishes such as nitro-scrambled egg and bacon ice cream, an Alice in Wonderland-inspired mock turtle soup involving a bouillon packet made up to look like a fob watch dissolved in tea, and a dish called Sound of the Sea which includes an audio element. The restaurant has an associated laboratory where Blumenthal and their team develop new dish concepts.
In 2009, the restaurant suffered from the largest norovirus outbreak ever documented at a restaurant with over 400 diners falling ill.
Description
The Fat Duck is located in Bray in the High Street. Chef proprietor Heston Blumenthal has owned the premises since it opened at the location in 1995. It is not the only Michelin three-star restaurant in Bray, the other being Michel Roux's restaurant The Waterside Inn. As of 2017, it is one of only five restaurants in the entire United Kingdom with three Michelin stars.
The restaurant has fourteen tables, and can seat 42 diners. It has a very high proportion of chefs working at the restaurant, 42, equating to one chef per diner. Much of the menu is developed by experimentation: for example, the egg and bacon ice cream came about following Blumenthal investigating the principles of "flavour encapsulation". A research laboratory where Blumenthal and their team develop dishes is two doors away opposite the Hinds Head pub, which is also owned by the chef. It was where the majority of the laboratory scenes for the television series Heston Blumenthal: In Search of Perfection were filmed. The lab equipment includes a centrifuge which is used to make chocolate wine, and a vacuum oven. The restaurant takes reservations up to two months in advance, and it was receiving some 30,000 calls for reservations per day, although that figure also included people who couldn't get through and were redialling.
Menu
Blumenthal was inspired as a teenager by trips to the Michelin-starred restaurants in France and the work of Harold McGee.
McGee's work in particular led them to question traditional cooking techniques and approaches which resulted in combinations which may at first appear unusual. Blumenthal incorporates psychology and the perception of diners into their dishes, explaining, "For example, eat sardine on toast sorbet for the first time, confusion will reign as the brain will be trying to tell the palate to expect a dessert and you will therefore be tasting more sweetness than actually exists." The restaurant serves a fourteen-course tasting menu.
Dishes served include palate cleansers made of vodka and green tea, frozen in liquid nitrogen, a snail porridge that was described by one food critic as "infamous", and ice creams of both crab, and egg and bacon, each of which resulted in increased media attention for the restaurant. The mock turtle soup has an Alice in Wonderland theme, where a fob watch formed of freeze-dried beef stock covered with gold leaf is dropped into a tea cup by a waiter, who pours a beef stock "tea" poured over it that dissolves the gold and the watch. A plate of ox tongue and vegetables is served alongside it to place into the soup. Toast sandwiches are served as a side dish. It had been developed for an appearance on Heston's Feasts, and was afterwards added to the menu at the restaurant. Dishes are served with additional sensory inputs, such as "Sounds of the Sea", a plate of seafood served with a seafood foam on top of a "beach" of tapioca, breadcrumbs and eel. Alongside the dish, diners are given an iPod to listen to crashing waves whilst they eat. Other additional sensory components include "The smell of the Black Forest" that accompanies a kirsch ice cream.
History
The Fat Duck is located in a 16th-century cottage that was further modified in the 19th and 20th centuries. Prior to the restaurant opening in the location, it was a public house called The Ringers. The building was Grade II listed by English Heritage on 2 May 1989. When the restaurant opened in 1995, the kitchen was staffed by owner Heston Blumenthal and one other employee. At the time the restaurant was serving meals in the style of a French bistro, such as lemon tarts, and steak and chips. Blumenthal later said that science had already begun to influence the cooking at this early stage, as already on the menu were their triple-cooked chips, which were developed to stop the potato from going soft.
The restaurant came close to going bankrupt, and Blumenthal sold their house, their car and many of their possessions in order to keep the restaurant afloat. After four years, the restaurant was awarded its first Michelin star in the 1999 list. Blumenthal worked with Professor Peter Barham of the University of Bristol, and developed a menu of dishes through experimentation such as slow-cooked lamb which avoids shocking the fibres in the meat and causing them to seize. By 2000, techniques were being used such as cooking vegetables in mineral water after discovering that the levels of calcium in tap water causes their discolouration, and freezing cuttlefish to break down the molecules in them in order to increase their tenderness. In 2001 it was awarded a second Michelin star, and was also named Restaurant of the Year by The Automobile Association.
In 2004, the restaurant was awarded three Michelin stars, becoming one of three restaurants in the United Kingdom to hold that level of recognition alongside the Waterside Inn, also in Bray, and Restaurant Gordon Ramsay in London. It was the fastest that a restaurant had gone from one to three stars in the UK. During the same year, the restaurant was ranked second in the world behind The French Laundry by The World's 50 Best Restaurants. The restaurant also received the title of Square Meal BMW Best UK Restaurant 2004. The following year the listing ranked The Fat Duck as the best restaurant in the world, At the first Front of House Awards in 2007, the restaurant won the awards for Overall Service and Front Desk of the Year.
In 2008, Blumenthal published The Big Fat Duck Cookbook, following their BBC series 'Heston Blumenthal: In Search of Perfection.'
On 19 November 2012, British citizen Ivan Aranto Herrera Jorge and Swede Carl Magnus Lindgren, two senior members of The Fat Duck restaurant, were killed on Chai Wan Road, Hong Kong in a traffic accident when their taxi was hit by two buses. They died along with the taxi driver, Wong Kim-chung. A further 56 people were injured in the accident. Blumenthal had been in Hong Kong and was travelling in a separate cab at the time of the crash.
On 31 March 2014, Blumenthal announced they would be closing the restaurant for renovations for six months and temporarily relocating it with its entire team to Crown Towers, Melbourne, Australia. During the six months, the restaurant was named The Fat Duck, after which it was renamed Dinner by Heston Blumenthal. This was the second restaurant with that name, and Blumenthal's first restaurant outside of Britain (and their sixth in total). This temporary closure of the Bray location caused the restaurant to become ineligible for assessment for the 2016 Michelin Guide, thus losing its 3-starred status which it regained the following year.
Food scare, closure, and reopening
On 27 February 2009, Blumenthal closed their restaurant temporarily after a number of customers reported feeling unwell at different times. By 3 March the source of the outbreak was still unclear but sabotage had been ruled out. A spokesperson for the restaurant said "All this leads us to believe that it [the health scare] has not come from the restaurant and we expect to be given the all clear." On 6 March it was reported that 400 people had stated they had felt unwell after eating at the restaurant.
Boxing promoter Frank Warren said they were "very disappointed" with their treatment after becoming sick following their visit. They said "Everything was fabulous about the evening – the food, the setting, the service, it was unbelievably good but unfortunately, afterwards, all of us were ill".
The restaurant reopened on 12 March 2009. The cause of the illness was later given by the Health Protection Agency as norovirus, which was thought to originate from oysters which had been harvested from beds contaminated with sewage. The virus was spread further after being contracted by staff members. The restaurant was criticised for its cleaning methods and its slow response to the incident. Complaints of illness from customers totalled 529.
The Fat Duck had received negative publicity regarding health standards before, when food and safety officers in 2004 found "borderline" levels of listeria in the foie gras and expressed concern that "no core temperatures of the meat are taken".
Reception
Fodor's describes the restaurant as "extraordinary" and "one of the best restaurants in the country". Frommer's gives the restaurant three stars, grading it as "exceptional".
In September 1996, Ben Rogers ate at the restaurant for The Independent before it had gained any Michelin stars or the awards it has today and while it was still using something close to its original menu. Even so, they discovered that Blumenthal was cooking foie gras in sherry in order to give it a nutty flavour, although Rogers was not sure if the nutty flavour was warranted in the dish itself. They did think that a jambonneau of duck was worth praising, describing it as "delicious", but also thought that another dish of monkfish was rubbery in texture. They described the menu itself as "awkwardly written, badly punctuated, and at points quite impenetrable". Following the first Michelin star, David Fingleton visited the restaurant for The Spectator, and said that the experience was "beyond reproach; unsullied pleasure from start to finish".
In 2001, Terry Durack reviewed the restaurant for The Independent. They were initially hesitant as they expected tricks straight away and was surprised to find a bowl of normal green olives on the table as they arrived. They didn't think much of a mustard ice cream in a red cabbage gazpacho soup, but described the restaurant as "great" and gave it a score of seventeen out of twenty. Following the third Michelin star, Jan Moir of The Daily Telegraph visited the restaurant but disliked it, saying that "while many of the flavours are politely interesting, the relentless pappy textures of mousses and foams and creams and poached meats really begins to grate". They also thought the restaurant was overpriced, calling it "The Fat Profit".
Matthew Fort reviewed the restaurant for The Guardian in 2005, they said that "there is no doubt that the Fat Duck is a great restaurant and Heston Blumenthal the most original and remarkable chef this country has ever produced". A. A. Gill for The Times recommended that people should "eat here at least once to find out what is really going on in your mouth". Also in 2005, German food critic Wolfram Siebeck visited the restaurant and complained of the delays in service and of several of the dishes, described the mustard ice cream in a red cabbage gazpacho soup as a "fart of nothingness", while chef Nico Ladenis said of the restaurant, "Someone who makes egg and bacon ice cream is hailed a genius. If you vomit and make ice cream out of it, are you a star?" Tony Naylor of The Guardian enjoyed their trip to the restaurant in 2008, and afterwards criticised those who thought that spending £323.13 on a meal for two at lunchtime was too much.
In 2005, the restaurant was ranked 1st on the list of The World's 50 Best Restaurants. After spending 11 years on the list, it has dropped down to 73rd in the top 100. It has been ranked second best on numerous occasions, first behind The French Laundry and then behind El Bulli. In 2012, it was ranked in thirteenth place. In 2010, it was named the Best UK Restaurant in the Quintessentially Awards, a scheme run by the Quintessentially Group.
In 2009, it was the only restaurant to be given a top score of ten out of ten in the Good Food Guide. The editor of the guide, Elizabeth Carter, explained the reason for the score, "It's extremely rare that a restaurant cooks perfectly on a consistent basis, but we've had so many superlative reports that we're delighted to recognise The Fat Duck as the best restaurant in Britain." It retained that top score through to the 2013 edition of the guide.
Gallery of dishes
See also
List of Michelin three starred restaurants
Dinner by Heston Blumenthal
The Hind's Head
References
Further reading
External links
Food Scientist Rachel Edwards Stuart investigates the molecular makeup of flavours for Heston Blumenthal
1995 establishments in England
Restaurants in Berkshire
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in the United Kingdom
Buildings and structures in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead
Bray, Berkshire
Molecular gastronomy
Restaurants established in 1995
Former pubs in England
Faisal Al-Husseini International Stadium is an association football stadium on Dahiat al'Barid Street in Al-Ram. It is one of the home stadiums of the Palestine national football team. It is named after Faisal Husseini, a Palestinian politician who died in 2001. The stadium has a seating capacity of 12,500 spectators.
Palestine international matches
On 26 October 2008, the team played Jordan in their first-ever home international in 10 years of FIFA membership. In attendance were FIFA President Sepp Blatter and Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad. On 29 October 2009, the Palestinian national women's football team played its first home international match against Jordan before a capacity crowd at the stadium.
On 9 March 2011, Palestine "played its first ever competitive match at home in the West Bank". It was the second leg of a qualifier for the 2012 Olympic Games, against Thailand. Thailand had won the first leg 1–0 in Bangkok; Palestine won the second 1–0 at the stadium, with a goal by Abdelhamid Abuhabib in the 43rd minute. The draw on aggregate led to a penalty shootout, with Thailand winning 6–5. Attending the match was Prime Minister Fayyad, who described it as a "historic day".
On 3 July 2011, the stadium hosted "the first World Cup game ever to be played at home in the Palestinian territories". The game was the second leg of a two-match encounter against Afghanistan, in the first round of the Asian Football Confederation qualifiers for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. The game was a draw, enabling Palestine to advance to the second round on aggregate. Afghanistan were eliminated.
References
External links
Palestinians make footy history
Palestine to play 1st match in home stadium
Palestinian territories
Sport in the West Bank
Football venues in the State of Palestine
The 1997 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 1997 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Tar Heels played their home games at Kenan Memorial Stadium in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and competed in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The team was coached by Mack Brown finished the season 11–1 overall, 7–1 in the conference.
At the end of the season, Brown left for the University of Texas at Austin and did not coach in the Gator Bowl victory over Virginia Tech. Carl Torbush, who was the defensive coordinator during the regular season, became the head coach when Brown left. North Carolina credits the regular season to Brown and the Gator Bowl victory to Torbush.
Schedule
Roster
Rankings
Game summaries
vs. Virginia Tech (Gator Bowl)
Players in the 1998 NFL Draft
References
North Carolina
North Carolina Tar Heels football seasons
Gator Bowl champion seasons
North Carolina Tar Heels football
Hetchin's, originally Hetchin's Lightweight Cycle Specialists, simplified to Hetchin's Lightweights since 1993, is a brand of bicycle frame. It takes its name from the founder of the firm, Hyman Hetchin.
History
Hyman Hetchin was a Russian Jew who fled the Bolshevik revolution around 1917 and settled in Britain. By 1922, Hetchin had opened a shop in Seven Sisters Road, Tottenham, North London, selling household appliances including gramophones, sheet music, shellac 78 rpm records, and, later, bicycles.
At first Hetchin resold mass-produced bicycles, including Raleigh and Rudge.
Jack Denny was a London frame builder who had a shop at 194 Wandsworth Road, not far from Seven Sisters Road.
Denny had experimented with an innovative design involving curved stays; Hetchin recognized the marketing potential of the design, partnered with Denny, and patented the design in 1934.
From then on, Hetchin stopped re-selling other bicycle marques, and produced and sold only their own.
The partnership soon brought rewards in the form of Olympic and World's Championship victories in 1936. Sales were strong thereafter, reaching a pre-war peak of over 600 frames in 1938 and 500 in 1939. The war years saw production fall to below 200 frames per year; sales did not recover until 1953.
These are remarkable figures for a shop which consisted of one man who took care of sales and marketing (Hyman Hetchin) and one frame builder (Jack Denny). In the 1950s, additional help was recruited, consisting of part-time lug cutters (including Ken Janes) and frame builders (chiefly Bob Stratfull and Stan Broom). The partnership endured past Hyman's death in 1961, when Hyman's son Alfred ('Alf') took over the business.
Apart from the patented curly (or "vibrant") stays, Hetchin's frames were (and still are) known for ornate, and often hand-cut, lugwork. Other design innovations are attributed to Hetchin/Denny, such as a fluted seat tube on six-day racers (this brings the rear wheel closer to the seat tube than on conventional bicycle frames, shortening the wheelbase).
Hetchin supported many racers and racing teams, especially track and six-day contestants, over the years.
In 1974, the shop moved to Southend-On-Sea (forced, due to re-zoning of the Tottenham property). Alf continued to manage the business until their retirement in 1986, when they sold the shop to a London business person. For a short time, Hetchin's and Bob Jackson Cycles (Leeds) were fused, but the two marques separated in 1993. Since 1993, the Hetchin's operation has been centered in Preston (UK) under the management of David Miller; the current frame builder is Paul Riley.
Jack Denny was born in 1906 and died in 1991. Alf Hetchin was born 24 Sept. 1923 and died at the age of 72, a few years after Jack Denny.
Hetchin's Lightweights continues to produce bespoke lugged-steel bicycle frames. Approximately 12,000 frames have been produced to date (2015), counting from 1934, of which some 16% are known to have survived. The frames are highly sought by collectors.
Notes
References
External links
Hetchins Bicycles: Meticulously Lugged on Ebykr
Cycle manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Manufacturing companies based in London
Glyphipterix codonias is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in New Zealand.
References
Moths described in 1909
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of New Zealand
Dino Lenny (born Dino Anthony Lanni) is an Italian DJ, singer, record producer and record label owner (Frenetica), known on the global dance scene for 20 years.
Career
Growing up playing in the biggest European clubs - Axis, Space, Amnesia, Goa, The Egg, Ministry of Sound – they gained success thanks to remixes and collaborations with INXS, Planet Funk, Underworld, The Housemartins, Scissor Sisters and many others.
In 1999, as a member of the short-lived project Atlantis ITA, Dino Lenny and musical partner Michele Guidi released "In The Next Life" a remix of So Get Up, a 1992 vocal-poem song by Californian songwriter Ithaka (or Ithaka Darin Pappas). The track, which utilized Ithaka's original 1992 vocal, was included in the soundtrack of the 2000 British thriller film Sorted directed by Alexander Jovy along with renowned musical acts such as; Leftfield, Morcheeba, Public Enemy, Elvis Presley and Depeche Mode.
The song was played during the closing titles sequence of the film, ending the entire film with Ithaka Darin Pappas' a cappella line, "I'll See You In The Next Life".
Although other mixes of "So Get Up" had previously charted in the United Kingdom, once in 1995 (at #84 as "So Get Up" remixed by Underground Sound of Lisbon) and again in 1997 (at #17 as "Get Up! Go Insane" as reworked by Stretch & Vern), however after appearing in the film, Atlantis ITA's In The Next Life modern trance interpretation charted the song a third time in the UK at #96 in May 2001.
After being among the “Essential New Tunes" of Pete Tong on BBC Radio 1, Lenny started singing in 2005. The British press defined their style as a mixture between Talking Heads and Ian Dury. Later on Lenny was invited by Hardage to take part in their project which included Jocelyn Brown, Maxi Priest, Level 42 and Peter Gabriel.
In 2007, Lenny released the single "Feels Like Home", together with Meck who took care of the production (with Simon Duffy) and the vocals. The track entered the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart and was A-listed on BBC Radio One. The song was on the soundtrack for Wembley Stadium's opening event; the FA Cup final between Manchester United and Chelsea.
A few months later, Madonna used "Feels Like Home" in a mashup with "Like a Prayer", and performed the new version in 80 countries across the world within the Sticky & Sweet Tour in 2008/09, creating "Feels Like a Prayer".
Current releases
Lenny remixed Missy Elliott and Timbaland's "Get Involved" for the Ministry Of Sound and "Static Revenger" for Toolroom, and will soon release their new album Music Is Killing Piracy which contains collaborations with Tiësto, Mark Knight, Benny Benassi, TV Rock, Francesco Farfa, Piatto, Meck, Jose Amnesia and their musical partner Simon Duffy.
Partial discography
A partial discography can be found at Discogs and their own website.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Italian dance musicians
Italian record producers
Italian DJs
Electronic dance music DJs
The Joseph V. Paterno Award was a coaching award that was awarded to Frank Beamer in 2010. Originally the award was intended to be awarded annually to the college football head coach who best exemplified "Penn State head coach Joe Paterno's dedication to the development of student-athletes and the advancement of the university beyond just athletics".
The award was presented by the Maxwell Football Club, based out of Ambler, Pennsylvania. It replaced the George Munger Award, which was presented by the club each year from 1989 to 2009.
Following the breaking of the Penn State sex abuse scandal in November 2011, the club announced that the award would be discontinued.
Award criteria
To determine the winner of the award in 2010, the staff of the Maxwell Football Club solicited nominations from 69 FBS schools. Winning and exceeding expectations on the field were vital components of the evaluation process, but the club also reviewed graduation rates of the players and the coach's overall impact on the community, including philanthropic and volunteer efforts. The award was meant to exemplify the tag line that is given for the award, i.e., "Excellence Doesn't Stop on Saturdays".
Winner
References
College football coach of the year awards in the United States
Awards established in 2010
Awards disestablished in 2011
Soveria Simeri is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. The village is from Catanzaro, from the Ionian Sea coast and from La Sila plateau.
The economy is predominantly agricultural with a good development of the primary sector. Well-known are the productions of citrus fruits, olive oil, honey, meats, dairy products, and organic products. Craftsmanship activities include three laboratories of glassworks.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
The Raid on Cherbourg took place in August 1758 during the Seven Years' War when a British force was landed on the coast of France by the Royal Navy with the intention of attacking the town of Cherbourg as part of the British government's policy of "descents" on the French coasts.
Background
Since 1757 the policy of the British government to use their naval superiority to launch raids against the French coast, to act as a diversion - drawing French forces and resources away from Germany where Britain's allies Prussia, Hanover and Brunswick were under severe pressure. In Autumn 1757 a British expedition to Rochefort had captured an offshore island, but not made an effort to capture the town. In 1758 the Duke of Brunswick asked the British to put this policy into action as their Allied force was being pushed back. A large naval and military force was assembled in southern England under the direction of George Anson, the First Lord of the Admiralty. In June 1758 the British had launched a Raid on St Malo. Following the perceived success of this, a further raid was planned and it was announced that Prince Edward, the younger brother of the Prince of Wales would accompany the expedition.
Raid
The British forces were under the command of Lieutenant General Thomas Bligh with the offshore naval contingent commanded by Richard Howe. They cruised along the coast of Normandy threatening a number of ports, before arriving outside Cherbourg on 7 August. The conditions were favourable and they were able to make a successful landing at Urville-Nacqueville beach. Once ashore they brushed aside the small French force defending Cherbourg, and stormed it, capturing the town. They set about destroying the fortifications and port. On 16 August, the British left Cherbourg and re-embarked having stayed exactly a week.
Aftermath
News of the expedition boosted morale in Britain. The newspapers observed that it was the first successful landing of any significant size since the Hundred Years War. The scheme had been a favourite project of William Pitt and they were insistent that further raids be launched on the French coast. In September 1758 Bligh tried to capture St Malo, but the weather allowed them to land only part of their force, who were quickly confronted by a superior French force. Bligh tried to withdraw to their ships, which they eventually did, after suffering heavy casualties at the Battle of Saint Cast. This brought an end to the policy of "descents", as the British committed more troops to fight in Germany rather than risk another failed raid.
Despite this the raids had been a success as they had weakened French morale, and convinced them that even parts of Metropolitan France were vulnerable to British naval power. In response France planned a major invasion of Britain, designed to knock them out of the war, but it had to be abandoned owing to naval defeats.
See also
Naval Descents
References
Bibliography
Anderson, Fred. Crucible of War: The Seven Years' War and the Fate of Empire in British North America, 1754-1766. Faber and Faber, 2001
Middleton, Richard. The Bells of Victory: The Pitt-Newcastle Ministry and the Conduct of the Seven Years' War, 1757-1762. Cambridge University Press, 1985.
Rodger, N. A. M. The Command of the Ocean: A Naval History of Britain, 1649-1815. Penguin Books, 2006.
Simms, Brendan. Three Victories and a Defeat: The Rise and Fall of the First British Empire. Penguin Books (2008)
Conflicts in 1758
Battles of the Seven Years' War
1758 in France
History of Cherbourg-en-Cotentin
Military raids
Battles involving Great Britain
Battles involving France
Disney Village is a shopping, dining, and entertainment complex in Disneyland Paris, located in the town of Marne-la-Vallée, France. Originally named Festival Disney, it opened on April 12, 1992, covering an area of approximately inside what was then known as Euro Disney Resort.
Based on Walt Disney World's Disney Village Marketplace (now Disney Springs), Disney Village was designed by architect Frank Gehry with towers of oxidized silver and bronze-colored stainless steel under a canopy of lights. It is adjacent to the two theme parks of Disneyland Paris and the Lake Buena Vista hotel area.
History
Original concept
Disney specified that the primary focus of the new facility should be entertainment. It was envisioned as an attraction inside of the Euro Disney Resort, as well as a free transitional space for visitors of the Euro Disneyland theme park and train passengers from the RER/TGV train station traveling to the resort hotels. The space would include numerous shops, bars, concerts, shows, and nightclubs.
The original concept was a large, open space full of life and music. It would be lit from all sides around a central avenue and include a starry sky as its crowning feature. The columns that would support this sky would be the remnants of an old power station, which had been left standing after the site had been converted.
Gehry noted:
Changes and alterations
Although the starry sky was generally well-received, the same could not be said for many other aspects of Festival Disney. From the beginning, guests and cast members alike criticized the project, perceiving it as having a cold, industrial, and soulless atmosphere. As a result, many changes were made to Gehry's original concept. Metal frames that had been placed on many of the pylons were removed and replaced with statues and food counters.
In 1996, just four years after opening, Festival Disney was renamed Disney Village. Popular restaurant chain Planet Hollywood opened in front of the Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show building, and the following year an eight-screen Gaumont multiplex cinema complex opened next door to Planet Hollywood, blocking the Wild West Show's original entrance.
Many changes and adjustments took place in existing buildings over the next 10 years, such as the opening of Café Mickey in 2002 (replacing the Los Angeles Bar & Grill), the opening of King Ludwig's Castle in 2003 (replacing Rock 'n' Roll America), and the opening of the Rainforest Café in 1999 (replacing Key West). On January 25, 1999, a large McDonald's fast food restaurant opened with a theme based on Italy's Commedia dell'arte. Later in 2004, a 570-seat IMAX cinema opened as part of the Gaumont multiplex. Finally, on December 3, 2004, an Art Deco themed multi-story parking structure called VINCI Park (now Indigo) opened.
In 2004, the resort management team began renovations that would take several years to complete. The neon lights, oversized signs, and central stage were all removed from the main area. Colorfully lit balloons were added to the remaining columns for nighttime lighting. PanoraMagique, one of the largest captive balloons in the world, opened in April 2005. It carries up to 30 passengers into the sky. In 2008, resort management added large planters that contained trees, hedges, and flowers to the main thoroughfare. Terraces were added to restaurants and cafés, and the facades of buildings were updated. In the same year, a new beverage stand/snack bar was added near the entrance to Disney Village, and the tourist kiosk nearby was rebuilt in more of a neo-industrial Parisian style. In 2009, the Buffalo Trading Company closed and the premises are now occupied by a Starbucks coffee house.
As part of a €2 billion expansion of the Disneyland Resort, it has been confirmed that Disney Village will receive an overhaul and potential expansion. Further details have not yet been confirmed.
Current venues
Attractions and entertainment
Disney Stadium Arcade Games
Disney Village Marina
Disney Village Stage
Dôme Disney Village : Conference center for professional event and evenings. It sometimes hosts public events like the 2005 production of Grease, concerts or sports competitions.
Lake Disney Road Train
Gaumont Disney Village : Cinema with IMAX, 4DX and D-Box Technologies
PanoraMagique : Aerophile Observational Balloon
Restaurants and bars
Animator's Palate (table service restaurant)
Annette's Diner (table service restaurant)
Ben & Jerry's Kiosque De Glaces (ice cream kiosk)
Billy Bob's Country Western Saloon (table service restaurant & snack bar)
Coca-Cola Cool Stop (refreshment kiosk)
Earl of Sandwich (counter service restaurant)
Five Guys (counter service restaurant)
King Ludwig's Castle (table service restaurant)
La Grange (buffeteria)
McDonald's (counter service restaurant)
New York Style Sandwiches (counter service restaurant)
Planet Hollywood (table service restaurant)
Rainforest Cafe (table service restaurant)
Sports Bar (snack bar)
Starbucks (coffee house)
The Steakhouse (table service restaurant)
Vapiano (counter service restaurant)
Shopping
World of Disney
Disney Store
Disney Fashion
The Disney Gallery
World of Toys
Lego Store
Planet Hollywood Gifts
Rainforest Cafe Retail Village
Bureau de change
Closed venues
Streets of America - closed in 1993
The Surf Shop - closed 1993
Key West Seafood - closed in 1999
Los Angeles Bar & Grill - closed in 2002
Rock'n'Roll America - closed in 2003
Buffalo Trading Company - closed in 2009
Hurricanes Discotheque - closed on March 1, 2010
Hollywood Pictures - closed in July 2013
NEX Fun Bowling & Games - closed in 2016
Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show with Mickey & Friends: an original show re-enacted twice nightly in a purpose-built arena since 1992. Despite technological production elements, the show retained a high degree of authenticity, including bison, Longhorn cattle, and quarter horses imported from North America. The cast included Native American members, as well as trained rodeo cowboys. Most of the more famous elements of the original show remain, including the Pony Express, Indian Attack, and Stagecoach Robbery. A dinner show entry included a cowboy hat and a themed menu of chili and barbecue ribs. The show was approaching world-record attendance with over 10,000 shows performed in front of 8.5 million guests. Since 2009, the show starred Mickey Mouse and their friends. - closed in 2020
Café Mickey (table service restaurant) - closed in 2020
See also
Disney Springs at Walt Disney World Resort
Downtown Disney (California) at Disneyland Resort
Ikspiari at Tokyo Disney Resort
References
External links
Disney Village Food Guide
Google Maps - Disney Village
DLRP Magic - Disney Village Guide
PanoraMagique Official Site
VINCI Park Press Release
EuroSouvenirland - Disney Village's former buildings photos
Disneyland Paris
IMAX venues
1992 establishments in France
Century Park () is the largest park in the city of Shanghai. It is situated on Jinxiu Road, in the Pudong New Area of Shanghai, nearby to the Shanghai Science and Technology Museum.
Century Park focuses on lawns, woods, and lakes. The park was designed by the British environmental consultancy LUC and was built in four years from 1996 to 2000. It got its name because it is situated at the end of Century Avenue. Its construction was completed in 2000, the starting point of the new century. The park is known as "Holiday Park" because it is both modern and natural. Numerous different facilities are provided for tourists in the park. They can feed pigeons, go fishing, row a boat, peddle a bicycle, or have fun in the green maze.
Century Park sprawls 140 hectares (346 acres) and lies to the south of Century Boulevard (世纪大道).
Century Park is divided into seven parts, including the Lakeside Scenic Area, the Forest Landscape Area, the Amenity Grass, the Nature Reserve, the Folk Village, the Exotic Zone, and the Mini Golf Course. There are eight entrances in total, and five of them are open to the public: Gate 1 at the end of Century Avenue, Gate 2 at the crossroad of Jinxiu Road and Minsheng Road, Gate 3 at the crossroad of Jinxiu Road and Jinsong Road, Gate 5 at the crossroad of Huamu Road and Fangdian Road, and Gate 7 at the intersection of Huamu Road and Yinghua Road.
Features
The park includes a concert stage, and visitors can hire tandem bicycles or cycling-cars to travel through it. The park's landscaping combines British, Japanese, and Chinese gardening styles. Well known places in Century Park include The Lucky Pond, Bird island, and the lotus pond.
Lakeside Scenic Area
The major attractions in this area include the Century Clock, Mirror Lake, and the Green World Relief Sculpture Wall.
Century Clock is a symbolic scenic spot in Century Park. The three hands of the clock are white, and the twelve graduations are made of Chinese little leaf boxes. Beautiful flowers are arranged around the clock, making it colorful and delicate. The Century Clock is controlled from a satellite, with an error of less than 0.03 second. Thus, it is of high artistic, scientific, and practical value.
Mirror Park, located in the west of the park, is the largest artificial lake in Shanghai. The lake covers a total area of 31 acres (12.5 hectares), and is as deep as 16 feet (5 meters). To the east of the lake is a water lock which controls the water level. Mirror Lake is blue and clean, with the blue sky and white clouds reflected in it. Standing on the wharf by the lake, tourists can see the Lujiazui Financial and Trade Zone in the distance.
Green World Relief Sculpture Wall presents 29 species of animals and plants from the Asian-Pacific Region. It covers a total area of 213 square yards (178 square meters), and measures 87 yards (80 meters) in length. The animals include China pandas, elephants from Thailand, buffalos from Vietnam, Australian kangaroos, American eagles, and Russian bears. The plants, which vary from tropical plants, semi-tropical plants, temperate plants, to frigid ones, show that creatures adapt themselves to the environment.
Forest Landscape Area
The main attraction here is the Open-air Music Square. It is situated in the west of Century Park. The square covers a total area of 2 acres (8,000 square meters), with a seating capacity of 2,500 people. This is the largest artificial open-air music square in China.
Amenity Grass
Located in the south of the park, the Amenity Grass is characterized by soft green grass, dotted with European-style buildings with red roof tiles. The Spring Garden, Summer Garden, Autumn Garden, and Winter Garden present tourists with the beauty of all the seasons. Additionally, there is a clear stream flowing by.
Nature Reserve
This consists mainly of Birds' Island and the Montreal Garden.
Birds' Island is located at the center of Century Park, with an area of 5 acres (2 hectares). More than 100 magpies are bred here. Moreover, there are more than 50 species of trees on the island, such as peach trees, plum blossom trees, and camphor trees. The tranquil island and the lively birds are in perfect harmony with each other. Tourists will relax and delight in the lovely scenery.
Montreal Garden comprises islands, lakes, exhibition halls, media rooms, and coffee bars, with a total area of 5 acres (2 hectares). The construction of the park was sponsored by the Canadian Government, the Quebec Provincial Government, and the Montreal Municipal Government, hence its name. The garden is intended to show the harmony among men, nature, science and technology, which is cherished by both Chinese and Canadian people.
Folk Village
Passing through Gate 3, tourists will see the Folk Village in the northeast of the park. The white beach by the limpid lake is surrounded with tall palm trees. Broad Ginkgo Avenue leads to the village. On either side of the avenue are exuberant ginkgo trees which are dozens of years old. In a word, the area brims a fresh pure atmosphere, making tourists comfortable and relaxed.
Exotic Zone
The highlight of the Exotic Zone lies in the Olmec Colossal Head in the southeast of the Century Park. It was presented to the Shanghai Municipal Government by the Veracruz State Government of Mexico. It is a copy of the eighth original Olmec Head of Mexico. As an embodiment of Mexican civilization, the Olmec culture is characterized by its outstanding carving. The head-shaped stone carving is the well-known piece, and features thick lips, big eyes, and a square face.
Plum Blossom Show
The park has a long history of hosting the Plum Blossom Show. At the beginning, some potted plum blossoms were displayed in the Montreal Garden Scenic Area during the Chinese New Year (Spring Festival). That was a small-scale exhibition. Nowadays, there are more than 3,000 plum blossom trees in the park. It is the largest plum blossom woods in Shanghai. Local people as well as tourists often come to the park to enjoy the beautiful and fragrant plum blossoms in winter and spring.
Transportation
Century Park is best reached by taking Line 2 on the Shanghai Metro to Century Park station. It is also within walking distance from Shanghai Science and Technology Museum station and Kerry Center Pudong. Entrance to the park costs 10 Yuan, although prices are raised during the 'golden week' holiday periods.
The Huamu Road station of Line 7 of the Shanghai Metro is across the corner from Century Park's #5 entrance.
References
Parks in Shanghai
Urban public parks
Pudong
The Second Council of Orange (or Second Synod of Orange) was held in 529 at Orange, which was then part of the Ostrogothic Kingdom. It affirmed much of the theology of Augustine of Hippo, and made numerous proclamations against what later would come to be known as semi-Pelagian doctrine.
Questions regarding Pelagianism
Background
Pelagian theology was condemned at the (non-ecumenical) 418 Council of Carthage, and these condemnations were ratified at the ecumenical Council of Ephesus in 431. After that time, a more moderate form of Pelagianism persisted which claimed that man's faith was an act of free will unassisted by previous internal grace. On 3 July 529 a synod took place at Orange. The occasion was the dedication of a church built at Orange by Liberius (praetorian prefect) of Narbonensian Gaul. It was attended by fourteen bishops under the presidency of Caesarius of Arles.
Bishops participating
Caesarius of Arles
Julianus Amartolus (Bishop of Carpentras)
Constantius (Bishop of Gap)
Cyprianus (Bishop of Toulon)
Eucherius (Bishop of Avignon)
Eucherius
Heraclius (Bishop of Saint-Paul-trois-Châteaux)
Principius
Philagrius (Bishop of Cavaillon)
Maximus
Praetextatus (Bishop of Apt)
Alethius (Bishop of Vaison)
Lupercianus (Bishop of Fréjus)
Vindemialis (Bishop of Orange)
Conclusions of the Council
The question at hand was whether a moderate form of Pelagianism could be affirmed, or if the doctrines of Augustine were to be affirmed. The determination of the council could be considered "semi-Augustinian". It defined that faith, though a free act of man, resulted, even in its beginnings, from the grace of God, enlightening the human mind and enabling belief. However, it also explicitly denied double predestination (of the equal-ultimacy variety), stating, "We not only do not believe that any are foreordained to evil by the power of God, but even state with utter abhorrence that if there are those who want to believe so evil a thing, they are anathema." The document links grace with baptism, which was not a controversial subject at the time. It received papal approbation under Pope Felix IV.
Effects
The canons of the Second Council influenced the interpretation of Augustine in the later medieval Western Church, such as by Thomas Aquinas. Classical Protestantism affirms the theology of the Second Council of Orange and has appealed to its conclusions to make a case that the Lutheran and Calvinist doctrines of sola gratia, sola fide, solus Christus, and original sin as total depravity had already been taught much earlier than the 16th-century Protestant Reformation. Arminian theologians also consider the Council of Orange historically significant in that it strongly affirmed the necessity of prevenient grace and yet did not present divine grace as irresistible, deny the free will of the unregenerate to repent in faith, or endorse a strictly Augustinian view of predestination.
References
Sources
Hefele, K. J. Consiliengeschichte, ii. 291–295, 724 sqq., Eng. transl., iii. 159–184, iv. 152 sqq.
Mansi, J.-D. (ed.), Sacrorum Conciliorum nova et amplissima collectio editio novissima Tomus VIII (Florence 1762).
Sirmond, J., Concilia antiqua Gallia, i. 70 sqq., 215 sqq., Paris, 1829.
External links
Canons of the Second Council of Orange
529
6th century in Francia
6th-century church councils
Catholic Church councils held in France
Vaucluse
Ancient Christian controversies
Rim Glacier () is a glacier, 10 km long and 2 km wide, flowing north from the polar plateau in a deep valley between Robinson Peak and Mount Vishniac into Mackay Glacier, Victoria Land. The name alludes to the use of a bicycle as a practical means of transportation by a glacial mapping party led by Trevor Chinn, summer season 1992–93, and is part of a theme of cycling names in the area. Approved by New Zealand Geographic Board (NZGB) in 1995.
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Brother Adrien Rivard (1890-1969) was a Canadian botanist.
Biography
Brother Adrien Rivard was born in Sainte-Geneviève de Pierrefonds on August 29, 1890. At the age of twelve, they entered a Sainte-Croix institution in Côte-des-Neiges (Montreal). Four years later, in 1906, they entered another Sainte-Croix institution in Sainte-Geneviève and completed their noviciate. They then adopted the name of Brother Adrien. During their first years as a priest, they spent a lot of time studying languages (English and Spanish) and reading French literature. In 1923 they started teaching at Beaudet in Ville Saint-Laurent. In 1925 they founded an Audubon Junior club within the school. They later transformed the concept of the Audubon Junior club into a sort of Natural Sciences teaching formula and approached Brother Marie-Victorin from the Canadian Society of Natural History in order to carry out their project. Brother Marie-Victorin was very enthusiastic about their idea and together they created what would officially become (in 1931) the Cercles des Jeunes Naturalistes. When the CJN were created, Brother Adrien quit their teaching job to become the director of their new organization. They spent a lot of time on the road offering lectures and organizing events related to the CJN. Brother Adrien was also involved in activities related to photography, landscaping and ornithology. They were forced to abandon the CJN in the early 1960s because of health problems. They died on November 12, 1969, at the age of 79.
References
Jean-Eudes, Marie, Les Cercles des Jeunes Naturalistes Pages d'histoire, Éditions Sainte-Anne, Lachine,1981,
1890 births
1969 deaths
20th-century Canadian botanists
Canadian Roman Catholic clergy
Mitchell Spinelli is an American pornographic film director and producer. Son of porn director Anthony Spinelli, they have directed films in series such as White Panty Chronicles, All Natural, and Taped College Confessions.
In 1995, they won the AVN Award for Best Screenplay, Video for The Face. In 2003, they founded the film company Acid Rain Productions, which specializes in gonzo pornography. They have previously owned the company Plum Productions.  They are a member of the AVN Hall of Fame.
References
External links
- directing credits
Adult Film Database directing credits
American pornographic film directors
American pornographic film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
René Cardona (October 8, 1905 in Havana, Cuba – April 25, 1988, in Mexico City) was a director, actor, producer, screenwriter, and film editor in the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
Biography
René Cardona was born in Havana, Cuba, on October 8, 1905, and began medical school in Cuba, but due to the political problems of the island, they and their family moved to New York City in 1926, where they continued their studies. Economic circumstances experienced by their family caused them to leave their studies. They befriended famous actor Rodolfo Valentino and obtained work as an extra in several films, until 1929 when they produced, wrote, directed and starred in the first Spanish-language film made in Hollywood, Sombras habaneras (Havana Shadows). They also had the opportunity to work in various positions in the film industry such as second assistant, technical advisor and first assistant director, and learned film and lighting technique. In 1932, they moved to Mexico, where they debuted as an actor and met Julieta Zacarías, sister of the director Miguel Zacarías, and soon after married them Their wife's support would be central to their career in Mexican cinema, in films Mano a mano (1932) directed by Ramón Peón and Sobre las olas (1932) directed by Zacarías. At this early stage as an actor, Cardona participated in three key Mexican films Marihuana (1936), El baúl macabro (1936) and Allá en el Rancho Grande (1936), which officially inaugurate the golden age of Mexican cinema and made stars of its protagonists: Esther Fernández, Tito Guízar, and Cardona.
Film directing
After the success of Allá en el Rancho Grande (1936), the following year Cardona decided to direct their first film in Mexico, Don Juan Tenorio, in which they also starred. Although it was not a success, it did not stop Cardona. They directed Allá en el Rancho Chico (1938) and La reina del río (1939), debuting two future stars: Blanca Estela Pavón in the first and Susana Guízar in the second. Their 1939 El Cobardo starred Julián Soler.
Shortly after, they directed the stellar performances of Pedro Infante in Jesusita en Chihuahua (1942), and Germán Valdés "Tin Tan" in Hotel de verano (1944). In gratitude, both actors agreed to appear together only once in a Cardona film: También de dolor se canta (1952).
Their career became so prolific that during 1937–1986, they directed more than one hundred films, in which they directed several of the biggest stars in Mexico. In the late fifties they made two films aimed at children, Pulgarcito (Tom Thumb) (1957) and Santa Claus (1959), which earned them several international awards. They directed many films in the 1960s which became cult classics, including Wrestling Women vs. the Aztec Mummy (1964), The Batwoman (aka La mujer murciélago) (1968) and the horror film Night of the Bloody Apes (1969).
In the seventies, they produced and directed three films that achieved international success: La isla de los hombres solos (1974), considered Cardona's best film and based on the novel by José León Sánchez, El pequeño Robin Hood (1975), and Supervivientes de los Andes (1976).
Cardona directed their last film in 1982.
Acting
As an actor René also achieved prestige, was a founding member of the ANDA and twice nominated for an Ariel Award and acted in over 100 films, the most memorable are El secreto del sacerdote (1941), Caballería del imperio (1942), El peñón de las ánimas (1943), which marked the debut of María Félix, El abanico de Lady Windermere (1944), La barca de oro (1947), Soledad (1947) with Libertad Lamarque, Cartas marcadas (1948), with Pedro Infante and Marga López, La vorágine (1949) with Armando Calvo and Alicia Caro, Las tres perfectas casadas (1953) with Arturo de Córdova and Miroslava Stern among others, their career continued until shortly before their death and they even acted in a few films directed by their son, René Cardona Jr. such as La casa que arde de noche (1985).
Last years and death
Their last screen appearances were in the television series Rosa salvaje and the film El fiscal de hierro (1989). They were bestowed a life honor by the national film library of Mexico on 15 December 1986 and received from El Heraldo de México in recognition of their 52 years of film work in the same year. They died in Mexico City on April 25, 1988.
Awards
Selected filmography
Carne de Cabaret (1931)
The Coward (1939)
The Priest's Secret (1941)
The Rock of Souls (1942)
Jesusita in Chihuahua (1942)
The Count of Monte Cristo (1942)
Summer Hotel (1944)
The Museum of Crime (1945)
¡Ay qué rechula es Puebla! (1946)
The Associate (1946)
Pompeyo el conquistador (1953)
To the Four Winds (1955)
The New World (1957)
Santa Claus (1959)
Juan Polainas (1960)
Wrestling Women vs. the Aztec Mummy (1964)
Neutron Traps the Invisible Killers (1965)
The Batwoman (1968)
Night of the Bloody Apes (1969)
The Incredible Professor Zovek (1972)
The Divine Caste (1973)
La isla de los hombres solos (1974)
El pequeño Robin Hood (1975)
Survive! (1976)
References
Varios (2000). Época de oro del cine mexicano de la A a la Z. En SOMOS. México: Editorial Televisa, S. A. de C.V.
Luis Cortés Bargalló́, La lengua española y los medios de comunicación, Volumen 2, Siglo XXI, 1998, , 9789682321092
Cátedra Extraordinaria "José Martí", Cátedra "Benito Juárez", Relaciones México-Cuba, 1950-2006: historias y perspectivas, Volumen 4 de Serie Memorias, UNAM, 2007, , 9789703242481
Enciclopedia de México, E B P Latin America Group, Incorporated, 2005, , 9781564090744
External links
1905 births
1988 deaths
Mexican male film actors
Mexican film directors
Cuban emigrants to Mexico
People from Havana
Golden Age of Mexican cinema
20th-century Mexican male actors
20th-century Mexican screenwriters
20th-century Mexican male writers
OWW may refer to:
Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway, a railway company operating between 1852 and 1860
Old Westminsters, people who were educated at Westminster School
See also
Ow (disambiguation)
Claire Clémence de Maillé (25 February 1628 – 16 April 1694) was a French noblewoman from the Brézé family and a niece of Cardinal Richelieu. They married Louis de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, known as Le Grand Condé (The Great Condé), and became the mother of Henri Jules. They were Princess of Condé and Duchess of Fronsac.
Life
Claire Clémence was born at Brézé in the historical province of Anjou, France, as the daughter of Urbain de Maillé, marquis de Brézé, seigneur de Milly, seigneur de Thévalles, and Marshal of France. Them mother was Nicole du Plessis, the sister of Cardinal Richelieu. They had an older brother, Jean Armand de Maillé-Brézé, who became an Admiral of the French Royal Navy (La Royale).
When they were five years old, their uncle, the Cardinal, arranged their betrothal to the French prince du sang, Louis de Bourbon, who would become the renowned general le Grand Condé, "the Great Condé." Under the pretext of educating her, they were taken from their family and entrusted to Mme Boutillier, wife of the Superintendent of Finance, who gave them a mediocre education.
In 1641, Claire Clémence married Louis at Milly-le-Meugon. Louis, then the duc d'Enghien, was barely twenty years old and had already had several mistresses. In love at the time with Marthe Poussard (called Mlle du Vigean), they protested in vain against the marriage, but their father, Henri, Prince of Condé, forced them to wed Claire Clémence.
The marriage took place on 11 February 1641 at the Palais-Royal in Paris.
As they married a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, they became a Princess of the Blood and had the style Serene Highness. After their father's death in 1646, their husband became the First Prince of the Blood, which was the most important rank behind that of the members of the royal family.
Although Claire bore their husband three children, they later claimed they committed adultery with a number of different men in order to justify locking them away at Châteauroux, but the charge was widely disbelieved: Claude de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon, who admitted that they were homely and dull, however praised their virtue, piety, and gentleness in the face of relentless abuse.
Upon their estranged husband's disgrace, arrest and imprisonment, in January 1650, at the fortress of Vincennes, after the Fronde, Claire Clémence distinguished themselves by their energetic and devoted conduct, pursuing the struggle, raising their friends, leading them in danger and braving the king's anger, Mazarin's orders, and popular threats.
To get to the fortress of Montrond
, the cardinal set out on a long journey from Bordeaux, via Poitou, Anjou and Touraine. They stopped them at Milly-le-Meugon, using their short stay to recruit their husband's friends from all parts. While Condé's faithful intendant, Lenet, came through France and Spain, and readied Montrond for a siege that would take the French army more than a year to raise, Claire Clémence gathered their faithful friends around them and gave splendid celebrations at Milly-le-Meugon in favour of all the organisers of the resistance during the Fronde. Despite their efforts, however, their husband remained imprisoned until 7 February 1651.
In 1651, Claire Clémence was forced to submit to the regent, Queen Anne of Austria, and to their minister, Mazarin.
They thus joined their husband in Spanish Flanders with their son. They only returned to favour in 1660, reinstalling themselves at the Château de Chantilly. However, when a scandal arose because of their liaison with a page, the Prince exiled their wife to the Château Raoul in Châteauroux, where they remained until their death in 1694. They saw the birth of their first grandchild, Marie Thérèse de Bourbon, Mademoiselle de Bourbon in 1666; their first great-grandchild, Marie Anne de Bourbon, Mademoiselle de Conti, was born in 1689, they later became Princess of Condé, the title that Claire Clémence held for some time.
Claire Clémence was buried at the Chapel of St Martin at the Château de Châteauroux, France.
Issue
Henri Jules, Prince of Condé (29 July 1643, Paris – 1 April 1709, Paris), married Anne Henriette of Bavaria and had issue.
Louis de Bourbon, Duke of Bourbon (20 September 1652, Bordeaux – 11 April 1653, Bordeaux), died in infancy.
Mademoiselle de Bourbon (12 November 1657, Breda – 28 September 1660, Paris), died in childhood.
Them descendants include the present-day pretenders to the throne of France and Italy and the kings of Spain and Belgium.
Portrayal in film
In the film Vatel, a 2000 film based on the life of 17th century French chef François Vatel, directed by Roland Joffé and starring Gérard Depardieu, Uma Thurman, and Tim Roth. Claire Clémence is portrayed by Arielle Dombasle.
References
Sources
Further reading
Lenet, Pierre (1826) Mémoires. (Collection des Mémoires relatifs à l'histoire de France; eds. Petitot et Monmerqué; tome LIII). Paris: Librairie Foucault
1628 births
1694 deaths
Claire Clemence
Claire Clemence
Claire Clemence
17th-century French people
Claire Clemence
Claire Clemence
Fronsac, Duchess of, Claire Clemence
17th-century peers of France
Neptis anjana, the rich sailer, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
Subspecies
Neptis anjana anjana (central and southern Burma)
Neptis anjana hyria Fruhstorfer, 1913 (Peninsular Malaya, Sumatra)
Neptis anjana decerna Fruhstorfer, 1908 (south-eastern Borneo)
Neptis anjana elegantia Fruhstorfer, 1908 (northern Borneo)
Neptis anjana zena Fruhstorfer, 1905 (Java)
Neptis anjana saskia Fruhstorfer, 1900 (Nias)
Neptis anjana vidua Staudinger, 1889 (the Philippines (Palawan))
References
anjana
Butterflies of Borneo
Butterflies of Java
Butterflies of Indochina
The men's decathlon event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 10 and 11 September 1979.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
was a Japanese school teacher and primate researcher. They helped with the Kyoto University Primatology group (composed of Kinji Imanishi, Junichiro Itani) studying wild monkeys on an island called Kōjima, in Miyazaki Prefecture. They identified every monkey in the island and recorded their relationships. They discovered the origin and spreading of sweet potato washing by monkeys. They were an instructor of Kyoto University working with other researchers between 1970 and 1984.
Life
They were born in what is now Itsukaichi machi, Saeki-ku, Hiroshima. Them father was Fujiichi Kanji, and at that time they were in a difficult financial condition because their business had failed. After studying at Yasuda High School, they studied further and was qualified as a teacher in 1932. In 1934, they got married and went to northern Korea for their job. In 1940, their husband died and they moved to Dalian, China with three children and worked for a Chinese school. In 1947, they returned to Japan and settled at Miyazaki. While working as a teacher, they helped with the Kyoto University monkey research team. In 1969, they obtained a science encouragement award. They retired from Nango Elementary School in 1970 and became a member of the Kyoto University team at the Kōjima Observatory. In 1972, they were awarded the Sankei Publication Award for children for their book Monkeys at Koshima and in 1974, they were awarded the Eiji Yoshikawa award. Umeyo Mori, their second daughter, started as a field investigator of monkeys at Kyoto University Primate Center after graduating from the mathematics course of Tsuda College. In 2011, they retired from the post of vice-president of Nagoya Bunri University. They died of old age on April 7, 2012.
Career
Satsue's father sent a letter to the Ministry of Education (now the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology) asking the ministry for the investigation of the island of Kōjima. In 1934, this letter resulted in the island and its monkeys being designated as a natural monument under the natural monument law of 1919. Keizo Shibusawa wrote about them in a book titled Inumo Arukeba Boniataru. In 1948, Kinji Imanishi of Kyoto University extended their study tour to the island and stayed in their father's lodging house. However, there were no monkeys. Between December 1948 and January 1949, many hunters came to the island and likely killed many monkeys for money. The investigators of Kyoto University first observed 9 monkeys, while in 1934, about 40 or 50 monkeys had been observed. In 1969, Koshima Observatory was built as part of the Kyoto University Primate Center.
In 1954, Mito discovered that a young female monkey washed sweet potatoes and this spread to their fellow monkeys, to 74% of the monkeys but not to older monkeys except their mother. Other customs also were seen. This was reported in a paper by Masao Kawai and this phenomenon was reported at a congress in USSR, but Russian investigators thought that humans must have trained the monkeys.
Influence
Crown Prince Naruhito read one of the books of Mito and they were called to their house and chatted about the monkeys with the family of Akihito, on two occasions. Masaru Ibuka was also interested in monkeys and lead a group of presidents who were born in 1908, or the year of the Monkey, to Kōjima.
References
Bibliography
Satsue Mito, Monkeys and I, with their family in Koshima, 1972, Kodansha, Tokyo
Satsue Mito, Monkeys in Koshima1984, Popura sha,
Satsue Mito, My grandchildren are Koshima's 100 monkeys 1989, Gakushu Kenkyusha
Katsuaki Shiraishi, Kind and strong, What Satsue Mito told me 1994, Honda Kikaku, Takaokacho, Miyazaki Prefecture.
Keizo Shibusawa, Inumo Arukeba Boni Ataru(Good luck may come unexpectedly) 1961, Kadokawa Shoten
Miyazaki Prefecture
Japanese zoologists
1914 births
2012 deaths
David "Dai" Young (born 26 July 1967) is a Welsh rugby union coach and former rugby union and rugby league footballer. They were recently Director of Rugby at Premiership Rugby club Wasps but departed the club after initially stepping down from first team coaching in February 2020.  They are now Director of Rugby at Cardiff Rugby.
A prop, they won 51 caps for Wales in rugby union between 1987 and 2002, three caps for the British & Irish Lions, and 14 caps for Wales in rugby league.
After retiring from playing, they first coached Cardiff Blues, before moving to the Wasps in 2011. They have also coached the Barbarians several times from 2008 to 2013.
Playing career
Born in Aberdare in 1967, Young lived in Penywaun for many years.
They played rugby union at club level for Swansea and Cardiff. Having not been selected to play for Wales in the 1987 Rugby World Cup, Young, then 19, travelled to Australia for the summer to play for Northern Suburbs. When Stuart Evans broke their foot playing against Tonga, Young was on the right side of the world at the right time and was called up to the Welsh squad. They made their début for Wales against England in the quarter-finals.
They toured Australia with the then British Lions in 1989, playing in all three test matches, with the Lions winning the test series 2–1.
Young changed rugby football codes from rugby union to rugby league when they transferred to Leeds in 1990 for a then world record of £150,000. They went on to play for Salford, won 14 caps for Wales and captained Wales in the 1995 Rugby League World Cup.
Young returned to rugby union and Cardiff in 1996, after rugby union became professional. They won a further 37 caps for Wales, reaching a total of 51, then a record number for a prop. They were selected for a further two British & Irish Lions tours – South Africa in 1997 and Australia in 2001. They and Alun Wyn Jones are the only players to have toured with the Lions in three separate decades. Young was known as a strong scrummager, with the ability to grip their opponent, keeping them low.
Coaching career
Young became head coach of the Cardiff Blues in 2003, and during their time in charge led the side to the 2008–09 Heineken Cup semi-final and the final of the 2006–07 and 2007–08 Celtic League. In addition, they led to the Blues to the EDF Energy Cup title in 2009 beating Gloucester 50–12 in the final at Twickenham.
In 2011 they resigned and was appointed Director of Rugby at the Wasps after payment of a compensation package. In 2017, they led the Wasps to a runner-up finish in the Premiership final. They have now taken up the role of Head Coach of Cardiff Blues in February 2020.
Barbarians
Young has been head coach of the Barbarians several times from 2008 to 2013, first on their 2008 end of season tour. They led the Baa-Baas to a victory over Belgium, winning 84–10 in Brussels, but the Barbarians lost 39–14 to Ireland and 17–14 to England. Young led the team to a 35–26 win over England, but lost to Australia 55–7 in Sydney in 2009. In 2011, the Barbarians won 38–32 against England and 31–28 against Wales. In 2013, Young coached them to a 40–12 defeat by England at Twickenham. In 2013 the team also played in Hong Kong against the British & Irish Lions as part of their tour to Australia; the Barbarians lost 8–59, their largest defeat by an international side.
References
External links
profile at lionsrugby.com
(archived by web.archive.org) "Dai Young: On making their Wales début in the first ever Rugby World Cup against England in the quarter-finals"
1967 births
Living people
Aberdare RFC players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Cardiff RFC players
Dual-code rugby internationals
Leeds Rhinos players
People educated at Aberdare High School
Rugby league players from Aberdare
Rugby union players from Aberdare
Salford Red Devils players
Swansea RFC players
Wales international rugby union players
Wales national rugby league team captains
Wales national rugby league team players
Wales rugby union captains
Welsh rugby league players
Welsh rugby union coaches
Welsh rugby union players
The 1969 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1969 NCAA University Division football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Debra J. Gillett is an English actor who has appeared in productions including The Witches, Chimera, Truckers, Casualty, Just William, Dalziel and Pascoe, Spooks, Doctor Who, Soul Music, and Cranford.
Career
Gillett's stage work includes Limehouse (2017). In 2018 they played The Nurse ("a cartoonish delight") in Patrick Marber's adaptation of Eugène Ionesco's Exit the King at the Royal National Theatre, and was a "sympathetic" Queen Charlotte in Adam Penford's adaptation of The Madness of George III at the Nottingham Playhouse.
Personal life
Gillett is the wife of playwright Patrick Marber. They married in 2002 and have three children.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
British actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Valeria Straneo (born 5 April 1976) is an Italian long-distance runner, winner of the silver medal at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics and Italian record holder in the marathon.
They won the Stramilano in 2011 and bettered the half marathon Italian record at the Roma-Ostia Half Marathon in 2012, although it was not ratified as the course doesn't meet Fidal criteria.
Biography
Born in Alessandria, it was only after the removal of their spleen, in 2010, that they began to reach a national standard of running. At 35 years old, they ranked eighth in the 2011 Berlin Marathon with a time of 2:26:33 hours. This met the qualifying standard for the 2012 Olympic Games, but three other athletes had run faster than their (Anna Incerti, Rosaria Console and Nadia Ejjafini). However, they broke the 12-year-old Italian record at the Rotterdam Marathon in April, finishing as runner-up with a time of 2:23:44 hours. The Turin Marathon saw their finish third with a time of 2:27:04 hours.
Straneo has represented the Italy national athletics team once (at the 2011 European Cross Country Championships) and has won twice at the national championships. They have two children, Leonardo (born 2006) and Arianna (born 2007).
National records
Half marathon: 1:07:46 ( Ostia, 26 February 2012) - Current holder.
Marathon: 2:23:44 ( Rotterdam, 15 April 2012) - Current holder.
Achievements
Road races
1st - 2011 Stramilano
2nd - 2012 Rotterdam Marathon
National titles
Straneo won eight national championships at individual senior level, they have won, at 36 years old for their first time, the individual national championship.
Italian Athletics Championships
10,000 metres: 2013, 2020 (2)
Half marathon: 2012, 2014, 2018, 2020 (4)
Italian 10 km road Championship
10 km road race: 2011, 2012 (2)
See also
Italian records in athletics
Italian all-time lists - Half marathon
Italian all-time lists - Marathon
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Italian female long-distance runners
Italian female marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
European Athletics Championships medalists
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Italian Athletics Championships winners
20th-century Italian women
21st-century Italian women
Evil Angel is a 2009 indie horror mystery film written, directed and co-produced by Richard Dutcher, starring Ving Rhames, Ava Gaudet, Kristopher Shepard and Dutcher.
Plot
Marcus (Kristopher Shepard) is a paramedic who is a one night on the job becomes emotionally attached to a well-regarded woman named Emma Carillo (Rachel Emmers), a dying patient with five stab wounds. They attempt to help save their lives, but they die at the Mercy Hospital, as a near-death patient, Caroline Kuntz (JJ Neward), awakes, kills two people and leaves. Marcus finds their life spiraling down when they witness their wife, Carla (Ava Gaudet), sleep with a stranger. Along with finding out Emma had died before they aided their revival, Marcus is also suspended from work for the medical mistreatment and death of a hooker, Elizabeth Markham, as Private detective Carruthers (Ving Rhames) is assigned to investigate the case.
Before returning to work, Marcus attends Emma's funeral, tries to console their suicidal wife, Carla, and they slip into a short depression. A demonic and vengeful Caroline continues to kill people left and right, including Carruthers' son, Victor (Lamont Stephens). Carruthers interviews Elizabeth's mother as part of their case file, finding out Elizabeth was a nice girl who had become abusive to their mom after dying for a short time. Amidst discovering Caroline was a school teacher who nearly died from a seizure, Carruthers also interrogates Ray (Charles Halford), a man in connection with their murdered son and who was paid $20,000 to kill Elizabeth.
Caroline pursues a hooker, Josie (Jontille Gerard), to kill them at an apartment building, but Josie fights back. For trying to help Josie, Caroline petrifies Ray into falling down the building's staircase and sends their girlfriend, Petra (Katie Sciuto), over the staircase rail to hang. However, Josie manages to kill Caroline, releasing the possessing spirit. As Marcus begins to get close to their best friend and co-worker, Jenny (Marie Westbrook), and their wife Carla spots them kissing, Carla uses a TV to electrocute themselves in the bathtub. Paramedics arrive and attempt to revive them with a defibrillator but are unsuccessful, but Marcus performs CPR to bring them back to consciousness. Accompanying them to the hospital, Marcus covers up their suicidal act to prevent them from being taken to a psychiatric hospital.
At the apartment building crime scene, a terrified Josie informs the detectives that Caroline showed superhuman qualities. Carruthers, who reaches out to help Josie, conducts an investigation, while Marcus begins to realize Carla behaving differently. Marcus visits their badly reputed friend and spiritualist, Martineau (Richard Dutcher), learning the deceased Emma and now Carla is possessed by an ancient spirit. Out of spite, Carla abducts Jenny and on their way home, kills Josie by running them over with their car.
Carruthers arrives at Carla's house, looking to warn Marcus about the evil spirit which had also possessed their case file victim, Elizabeth Markham. According to Kabbalistic mythology, it's revealed the demonic spirit is Lilith, Adam's first wife who they rejected, as God granted them Eve in the Garden of Eden. Leading the rest of spirits that "hop" into bodies, they seek vengeance against Adam, Eve and their children. Shortly after, Carla kills and beheads Carruthers with a sword. Armed with a gun, Marcus gets home and finds Carruthers head in a pot. Carla attacks them and injects them with a drug. Out in the backyard, Carla pushes Jenny, who is tied to a chair, into the pool. Eventually, Marcus shoots Carla who dies and they try to save Jenny, but they faint in the pool due to the drug they were given. Paramedics arrive to rescue Marcus and Jenny, who both survive. After they leave the hospital, it's revealed Jenny is now possessed by the spirit and they and Marcus part ways.
Cast
Ving Rhames as Detective Carrauthers
Ava Gaudet as Carla
Kristopher Shepard as Marcus
Richard Dutcher as Martineau
Desean Terry as Shawn
Production and release
Utah investor Rick Koerber was a co-producer, bankrolling most of the production with $5 million.
The film played at a few film festivals in 2009, including Shriekfest in Los Angeles. , no US general theatrical or home release has been announced but the film is available on UK DVD release in PAL format with region 2 encoding.
At Koerber's 2017 trial for operating an alleged Ponzi scheme, prosecutors said Koerber had funded Evil Angel with money that investors believed was used to purchase real estate. Dutcher testified they were never paid agreed royalties after the film's modest success overseas, due to bankruptcy of the Canadian distributor.
Honors
Evil Angel actor Kristopher Shepard won the 2009 Freaky Award for Best Actor.
References
External links
Official Website
2009 films
2009 horror films
American supernatural horror films
Films set in Chicago
Films scored by John Frizzell (composer)
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Stacking is an adventure puzzle video game developed by Double Fine Productions and published by THQ; like Double Fine's previous Costume Quest, it is a smaller title created during the development period of Brütal Legend, and was released in February 2011 for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 video game consoles. A Windows version was released on March 6, 2012. A Linux version was released in May 2013.
The game is based on the Russian stacking matryoshka dolls, an idea coined by Double Fine's art director, Lee Petty, who saw the dolls as a means to replace the standard player interface used in graphical adventure games. The player controls the smallest doll, Charlie Blackmore, who has the ability to stack and unstack into larger dolls and use their abilities to solve puzzles to allow Charlie to free their older siblings and put an end to child labor enforced by the antagonist, the Baron. Puzzles within the game have multiple solutions, and include additional puzzles and challenges that allow the player to explore the game's world outside of the main story.
Stacking was well received by critics and praised for its alluring appearance, humorous story, and accessible gameplay for casual players.
Plot
Set in a fictional version of the industrial age, the story begins with William Blackmore, a professional chimney sweep, leaving their family to take a job under a powerful industrialist, the Baron. A few months later, with William having failed to return and the family deep in debt, the four Blackmore children (Albert, Agatha, Abigail, and Archibald) are forced into apprenticeships by the Baron's agents, leaving the youngest, Charlie, alone with their mother Agnes. A few weeks later, a pigeon arrives with a letter from Albert, who reveals that the Baron has split up them and their siblings, forcing them to work as slaves. Charlie subsequently sets out to rescue them, recruiting a friendly hobo named Levi to help them set up a hideout in an abandoned section of the Royal Train Station, where a strike has forced the station's management to use Albert and other children as coal shovelers.
Charlie sets up a meeting between the strike leader and representatives from the Train Guild, breaking the strike and freeing Albert. Another letter, this time from Agatha, then leads them to the Baron's private cruise ship, the Commodore Perry, which is currently embarked on a never-ending voyage. By turning a small group of wealthy and influential passengers aboard the Perry against the ship's captain, Charlie forces them to return to shore, allowing Agatha to return home. A third letter leads Charlie to slip aboard a massive zeppelin hosting an international summit on whether or not to ban the use of child labor, which the Baron has rigged by abducting the ambassadors opposed to him. Charlie frees them and they manage to pass a formal ban, but the Baron subsequently orders their men to overload the zeppelin, intending to kill the delegates in a staged "accident". With the help of Abigail, who they rescued earlier, Charlie and the ambassadors fix the damage and save the zeppelin before it crashes.
In an attempt to win back the public's trust, the Baron announces plans to send all of their former child laborers on an all-expenses paid vacation using their newly-constructed private train. However, the whole thing turns out to be a trap; the Baron and their stockholders intend to transport the children to an offshore factory, outside of international jurisdiction. Furthermore, the entire Blackmore family has been taken hostage, watched over by the Baron's henchmen, the Generals. Charlie manages to subdue them individually and free their family, including their father. Unfortunately, they are unable to stop the train before it reaches its destination, and the Baron reveals their true plan: to turn the factory into an artificial island and sell the children as a cheap labor force.
Together with their family and friends, Charlie strips away the Baron's layers until they are both the same size. The Baron summons guards to assist him, but Levi and their hobo cousins show up in a makeshift helicopter and defeat them. Charlie and the Baron then confront each other in a final duel of rock-paper-scissors, ending with the Baron being thrown into a pit filled with captive orphans who tear them into pieces, leaving behind only their monocle and top hat. Upon returning home, William takes a better-paying job, finally freeing the Blackmore family from poverty.
Gameplay
The player controls the smallest doll, Charlie Blackmore, who is attempting to reunite their family that is being forced to work for an evil industrialist named The Baron. Charlie is able to jump inside dolls that are one size larger than they and control them, as long as the larger doll is facing away from him. If the player already controls a stack of dolls, that stack can jump into a one-size-larger doll as well. The player can also unstack the dolls at any time in order to enter dolls smaller than their current stack. Certain unique dolls, outside of Charlie, have their own special abilities—such as the ability to unlock doors, float to higher locations, or lure other dolls around, which can be used by the outermost doll. Thus, the player must stack and unstack the set of dolls possessed by Charlie to solve puzzles throughout the game. Later puzzles may require the use of multiple dolls to combine their skills.
The various challenges for each mission contain multiple solutions, with rewards offered for finding all of them. For example; in a challenge where the player must clear out a lounge of rich people, players can either sneak in a poorly dressed man into the party, or have another character flatulate into an air vent to clear everyone out. There are also rewards for completing side missions, discovering unique dolls, finding and stacking a matching set of dolls and performing "Hi-jinks" with certain dolls. Along with achievements and trophies, rewards can be viewed via dioramas constructed by Charlie's hobo friend, Levi.
Development
Stacking is the second game, following Costume Quest, to come from Double Fine that was initially created during an "Amnesia Fortnight" event during Brütal Legends development period. Tim Schafer had used the Fortnight during a time where the fate of Brütal Legends publication was unclear, dividing the company into four teams to prototype smaller games. The game's creator and project lead is Lee Petty, who had been the art director for Brütal Legend. Petty had wanted to create a contemporary adventure game, maintaining the characters and stories while reinventing the normal point-and-click interface used for such games. After observing their daughter playing with matryoshka dolls, they realized that the dolls themselves could be the characters, the inventory, and the action verbs at the same time. Petty and Schafer later reflected that the use of dolls, a common toy, would help to make the game appealing to the casual player, as they would quickly understand the mechanics of stacking and unstacking, while still having an allure for hardcore players with deeper gameplay mechanics. The idea of using these dolls would later be of benefit in production, as the basic structure of the doll model in the game's engine could easily be reused for the more than one hundred unique dolls within the game. Schafer assisted in helping Petty to write the game's story and to design some of the puzzles. Schafer estimated the total budget for the game at $2 million.
The game contains a central hub level, the Royal Train Station, and four additional levels that the player travels to through the Train Station. Each level was designed with a number of puzzles that allowed the player to approach in any order, while keeping the level size small and uncomplicated to prevent the player from becoming lost. Most of the puzzles have been designed with multiple solutions; Petty stated they wanted to cater to both the casual player, who may only want to find one of the solutions to progress in the game, and the more dedicated player, who would likely spend time to discover all of the intended solutions. This was furthered by allowing the player to freely roam through previously-completed areas to complete all the puzzles, including after completing the main story. The puzzles and challenges were designed to be able to be completed in short segments, giving the player more freedom to play it at their own pace. Petty wanted to make sure the player had time to contemplate the puzzles or explore the environment in a manner of older adventure games, though still assured that their environments felt alive and animated. The levels themselves are designed using a mix of the Great Depression and Victorian era designs, using virtual household items such as marbles and safety pins, an inspiration that came from interest in dioramas and miniature stages. The game itself presents cutscenes with dialog in the fashion of early silent films, where a text plaque is shown to show the dialog after it is acted out and scene takes place on a theater stage.
As part of the game's promotion, Double Fine offered a set of matryoshka dolls based on characters in the game; the initial run was sold out in less than 24 hrs. THQ released a downloadable content. The first add-on, "The Lost Hobo King", has been released in April 2011, and includes new dolls and a new stage to explore. It focuses on Charlie helping Levi's uncle Rufus to find the crown to become the king of hobos in the town of Camelfoot.
Stacking along with Costume Quest were owned by publisher THQ at the time of their bankruptcy, and at the time, these assets were sold to Nordic Games. In November 2013, Double Fine and Nordic Games negotiated a deal for Double Fine to take over publishing rights for both games, while Nordic will help to publish and distribute retail copies of these games and Double Fine's Psychonauts for Windows and Mac OS X systems in early 2014.
Reception
Stacking has received largely positive critical appraisal. Most reviewers commented on the short length of the game if one simply progressed through the story without exploring any of the alternate solutions or side puzzles, and may be considered too short a game for the $15 price. Many felt that with the full exploration possible within the game, Stacking is well-worth the price without becoming too long or repetitive; Chad Sepieha of The Globe and Mail stated that the game is "a great example of what a $15 digitally distributed game can be", while Justin Haywald of 1UP.com found strong preference for the way that Stacking "condenses a fun experience into several great hours rather than overextending itself".
The game's core gameplay was considered to be very accessible, in part due to its alluring visuals. The controls were considered simple enough to be easily taught to a casual player, and provides enough hints so that the player rarely will be stuck to progress in the game. The use of multiple solutions to solve various challenges was praised; as stated by Jeff Marchiafava of Game Informer, providing multiple solutions helps to "[solve] one of the most common problems with the [adventure game] genre" as players do not have to guess at one specific line of thought programmed by the developers. The multiple solutions also provide a means of enticing players to seek out all solutions, as finding the solutions can be "logical and rewarding to work out", according to GameSpot's Carolyn Petit. Christian Donlan of Eurogamer considered this design one that "actively encourages a second play-through and an addled imagination". Many reviews noted that most of the puzzles were somewhat simple, solved with the use of only one doll only until late in the game, making for some awkward pacing in the game. In particular, late in the game, players can combine the special abilities of certain dolls when stacked, a gameplay feature that would have been more interesting to explore earlier in the title. The added collection and Hi-Jinks goals were found to help with extending the game beyond the core story and provide ways of experimenting with the dolls to find solutions for the main puzzles. Some reviewers commented on a few issues with the game's camera in tight places and some other small technical issues, but felt these did not mar the overall experience.
Stackings story and artwork were highlights of the game. The Guardians Steve Boxer found the game's art to be "utterly delightful" and "sumptuous". Donlan considered the game's world a "wonderfully crafted place" that was able to combine "the echoing grandeur of 1930s architecture and sooty technology with the home-made ingenuity of LittleBigPlanet". Reviewers noted that the game is able to take serious issues such as the Great Depression and child labor, and turn them into a humorous backdrop. Kristine Steimer of IGN affirmed that the "witty dialogue and goofy animations amplify the fact that this game is not actually socialist propaganda".
Reviewing the game's Linux release, GamingOnLinux reviewer Hamish Paul Wilson gave the game 8/10, commenting that "Stacking is a good example of what can be done by a developer with limited resources and a lot of creative output". They also added that "with a fairly competitive price point and a solid Linux release, there is very little reason not to try the game for anyone who may be so inclined to try their hand at a little Matryoshka body snatching".
References
External links
Official site
Double Fine's official site
2011 video games
Adventure games
Double Fine games
Game jam video games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Network games
Puzzle video games
Sentient toys in fiction
THQ games
Video games about toys
Video games set in the United States
Video games set in the 19th century
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Windows games
MacOS games
Linux games
Video games developed in the United States
Gamal Ahmed Abdulla (born 24 February 1964) is an Egyptian field hockey player. They competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Field hockey players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Egyptian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Egypt
Accenture Tower (500 West Madison) is a 42-story, 588-foot (180 m) skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. Located between Clinton and Canal Streets on Madison Street, the structure was designed by the architecture firm Murphy/Jahn in a late modernist style. The building, previously named the Northwestern Atrium Center and Citigroup Center, was constructed between 1984 and 1987 on the air rights obtained by the destruction of the head house of the 1911 North Western Station. The building contains retail and offices, and is connected to the platforms of Ogilvie Transportation Center.
On July 10, 2019, the building was officially renamed to Accenture Tower after a commitment from Accenture PLC.
Shooting
On 8 December 2006 a man opened fire in a law office located on the 38th floor of the Citigroup Center. Four people, including the gunman, were killed. One person survived.
See also
List of buildings
List of skyscrapers
List of the tallest buildings in Chicago
List of the tallest buildings in the United States
World's tallest structures
References
External links
Skyscraper office buildings in Chicago
Citigroup buildings
Bank buildings in Illinois
Headquarters in the United States
Helmut Jahn buildings
1987 establishments in Illinois
Office buildings completed in 1987
Claudia Zornoza Roca-Rey (born 12 February 1990) is a Peruvian female badminton player. They came into international badminton arena after claiming gold medal in the women's doubles partnering with Katherine Winder at the 2008 Puerto Rico International. They also clinched the gold medal in the mixed doubles at the 2009 Puerto Rico International partnering with Bruno Monteverde.
Claudia went onto participate at the 2010 South American Games, claimed gold medals in the women's doubles along with Katherine Winder and in the mixed team event. Claudia Zornoza graduated at the Colegio Santa Ürsula in 2006.
Achievements
Pan Am Championships
Women's doubles
South American Games
Women's doubles
Pan Am Junior Championships
Girls' singles
Girls' doubles
BWF International Challenge/Series
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lima
Peruvian female badminton players
South American Games gold medalists for Peru
South American Games medalists in badminton
Competitors at the 2010 South American Games
20th-century Peruvian women
21st-century Peruvian women
The Kelvin Crests () are a line of steep-sided elevations with ice-covered cliffs long, on the north side of Airy Glacier near its junction with Forster Ice Piedmont on the west side of the Antarctic Peninsula. Roughly surveyed by the British Graham Land Expedition in 1936–37, they were photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947. They were surveyed from the ground, from the southwest only, by members of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey, December 1958, and completely mapped by the United States Geological Survey, 1974. The feature was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin, a British physicist and engineer who made substantial improvements in the design of magnetic compasses, 1873–78, and invented the Thomson sounding machine in 1878.
References
Ridges of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Grand Avenue is a 1996 American drama film directed by Daniel Sackheim and written by Greg Sarris. It is based on the 1994 novel Grand Avenue by Greg Sarris. The film stars Irene Bedard, Tantoo Cardinal, Eloy Casados, Deena-Marie Consiglio, Alexis Cruz, Diane Debassige, Jenny Gago, Cody Lightning, A Martinez, Simi Mehta, August Schellenberg, Sheila Tousey and Sam Vlahos. The film premiered on HBO on June 30, 1996. The film is one of the only American films to feature an indigenous Native American lead role for an actor, played by Menominee actor Tousey.
Plot
The film follows the members of a family who at the opening are kicked out of their stepfather's tribal reservation in California after they die. They return to Grand Avenue in the South Park neighborhood in Santa Rosa, California, where many of their extended relatives and tribal members live. Once they have a house for rent, Mollie, the mother of the family struggles with finding and keeping a job and alcoholism. Daughters Justine and Alice try to keep the family together and take care of the youngest, their brother Sheldon. However, Justine begins to seek out company with local gang members, some of whom then turn on them for acting out sexually with their friends. Alice is the lone dependable member of the family and gravitates to their elder relatives for advice and support.
Nellie is an old cousin who begins to teach Alice about traditional basket weaving and healing, giving them a boost of confidence. Nellie is also an advocate for the tribe's only land holding, a cemetery in danger of being developed. Them nephew Steven is married to Reyna and they live a nice suburban life with their son Raymond, who upon meeting them in school, is attracted to Justine. Steven slowly begins to realize that Mollie may have kept a secret from them when they dated as teenagers and after they moved away, as Raymond begins to bring Justine around.
Meanwhile, Justine also befriends and becomes close to their cousin Jeanne, who is struggling with cancer and taken care of by their loving mother Anna. After being confronted by their kids, Mollie begins to work on their sobriety and eventually meets and begins a positive relationship with a fellow recovering alcoholic named Sherman. Nellie and Steven are able to gain support from tribal members to save the cemetery. Although, Jeanne warns Justine about running around, they eventually meet a bad fate but the family has worked to build up their support and the community as a whole is able to deal with the grief and accept the beauty of living in Grand Avenue.
Cast
Irene Bedard as Reyna
Tantoo Cardinal as Nellie
Eloy Casados as Albert
Deena-Marie Consiglio as Justine
Alexis Cruz as Raymond
Diane Debassige as Alice
Jenny Gago as Anna
Cody Lightning as Sheldon
A Martinez as Steven
Simi Mehta as Jeanne
August Schellenberg as Sherman
Sheila Tousey as Mollie
Sam Vlahos as Henry
Carmen Ahern as Evangeline
Delmar Billy as Delmar
Rita Carillo as Mona Bill
Patricia Garcia as Maria
Susan Harloe as Chair
Shar Jackson as Carlene
Laurel Keith as Mrs. Anders
Ron Kenoly as Dennis
Jack Kohler as Rick
Zahn McClarnon as Eric
Miguel Nájera as Clifford
Bruce Roberts as Dr. Parker
Anita Silva as Lena Bill
Norris Young as Kolvey
Daniel Zacapa as Carlos
Awards
Earned the Best Picture at the 1996 American Indian Film Festival.
References
External links
1996 television films
Films about Native Americans
Native American drama films
Films directed by Daniel Sackheim
1996 drama films
1996 films
HBO Films films
American drama television films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The saturnine antshrike (Thamnomanes saturninus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The saturnine antshrike was described by the Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln in 1868 and given the binomial name Thamnophilus saturninus.
References
saturnine antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
saturnine antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Misha is a diminutive of the Russian name Mikhail (Михаил). A hypocoristic of Michael, its English-language equivalent would be Mike. Sometimes it is used as a female name, mostly by non-Russians; the feminine Russian name Mikhaila exists but is rare. The spelling Mischa also exists, originating from German. Notable people and characters with the name include:
People
Misha Alperin, Ukrainian jazz musician
Misha B (born 1992), British singer and X Factor 2011 finalist
Mikhail Baryshnikov (born 1948), nicknamed "Misha", Russian dancer, choreographer and actor
Sir Misha Black (1910–1977), British architect
Misha Calvin, Serbian rock guitarist
Misha Cirkunov (born 1987), Latvian-Canadian mixed martial artist
Misha Collins (born 1974), American actor
Misha Dichter (born 1945), American pianist
Misha Glenny (born 1958), British journalist
Misha Kilmer, American mathematician
Misha Mansoor (born 1984), guitarist of progressive metal band Periphery
Misha Mengelberg (1935–2017), Dutch jazz pianist
Misha Reznikoff (1905–1971), American-Ukrainian artist
Mikheil Saakashvili (born 1967), nicknamed "Misha", former President of Georgia
Misha Segal (born 1943), Israeli film producer and composer
Misha Verbitsky (born 1969), Russian mathematician
Misha (singer) (born 1975), Slovak R&B musician
Misha Zilberman (born 1989), Israeli Olympic badminton player
Characters
Misha, the mascot of the 1980 Olympic Games
Misha (Pita-ten), a character from the anime and manga Pita-ten
Misha Arsellec Lune, a character in the PlayStation 2 game Ar tonelico: Melody of Elemia
Misha, a character from the visual novel Katawa Shoujo
Misha Milanich, a character from the video game series Mercenaries
Misha, a penguin from Andrey Kurkov's books Death and the Penguin and Penguin Lost
Misha Milgrom, the main character of the book Milkweed by Jerry Spinelli
Misha Miramond, a female character from the anime series Transformers: Energon
See also
Misha (disambiguation)
References
Karen A. Thole (born July 11, 1960) is an American engineer.  They are a Distinguished Professor and former head of the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Pennsylvania State University.
Early life and education
Thole was born on July 11, 1960, in Breese, Illinois to an army veteran father. They were raised on a dairy farm and by fifth grade was driving a tractor around the field. They graduated from Central Community High School and enrolled at Eastern Illinois University for two years before transferring to the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. Following the transfer, they earned their Bachelor of Science degree and Master's degree in Mechanical Engineering at the University of Illinois and their PhD in the same subject at the University of Texas at Austin. During their undergraduate career, they received the University of Illinois' Caterpillar Scholarship.
Career
Following their PhD, Thole spent one year as a post-doctoral researcher at the Institute for Thermal Turbomachinery at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany. They soon returned to North America and accepted an assistant professor position at the University of Wisconsin–Madison (UWM). During their short tenure at UWM, Thole received a 1996 National Science Foundation CAREER Award. Thole left UWM in 1999 to join the faculty at Virginia Tech, where their husband Michael Alley also worked. While there, they focused on heat transfer and fluid mechanics while specializing in turbulent boundary layers, convective heat transfer, and high freestream turbulence effects. As a result of their research success, Thole became the first woman at Virginia Tech to be awarded an endowed engineering professorship in 2005.
Shortly following their promotion, Thole left Virginia Tech to become the head of the Department of Mechanical and Nuclear Engineering at Pennsylvania State University (Penn State) in July 2006. In this role, they advocated, recruited, and retained girls and women in science, technology, engineering, and math fields. As such, they were honored by the White House as a "Champion of Change" in 2011. Thole also established the Steady Thermal Aero Research Turbine Laboratory (START) which was "focused on gas turbine heat transfer during continuous operation at realistic engine conditions." A few years later, Thole was also named the Society of Women Engineers' 2014 Distinguished Engineering Educator.
During their tenure at Penn State, Thole established the Engineering Ambassadors Network, a program that provided undergraduate students with professional skills. As such, they received the 2016 Edwin F. Church Medal from the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME). They also made significant technical contributions in "pioneering new cooling strategies for airfoils in gas turbine engines, which allows for higher operating temperatures and reduced fuel consumption." Thole then collaborated with other engineers to find ways to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from turbines. As a result of their research, Thole testified in front of the United States Congress. In 2017, Thole was appointed a Penn State Distinguished Professor and appointed to American Society of Mechanical Engineers Board of Governors. They also received the 2017 Claire L. Felbinger Award for Diversity for "extraordinary success in achieving or facilitating diversity and inclusiveness in the technological segments of our society."
In 2019, John J. Brennan established the Professor Karen A. Thole Annual Scholarship for Diversity in Engineering. Thole was also awarded the Air Breathing Propulsion Award from the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. In 2021 they stepped down as department chair, and was succeeded by Mary Frecker.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
American mechanical engineers
Pennsylvania State University faculty
Virginia Tech faculty
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
Grainger College of Engineering alumni
Cockrell School of Engineering alumni
Peter Kemper (13 October 1942 – 25 March 2020) was a Dutch footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Born in The Hague, Kemper played for local amateur side Lenig en Snel before joining PSV Eindhoven in 1961. In 14 seasons with PSV, they won two league titles. They played over 200 leagues and almost 20 European competition matches for the club. Next to their 219 Eredivisie appearances they played 17 matches in the European Cup, the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and the UEFA Cup. They finished their career with Helmond Sport.
International career
Kemper made their debut for the Netherlands in an October 1964 FIFA World Cup qualification away against Albania and earned a total of 3 caps, scoring no goals. Their final international was an April 1967 friendly match against Belgium.
Personal life
After retiring as a player, they worked as a gym teacher at schools and was part of the KNVB disciplinary committee for 33 years. They suffered from a heart attack in 1990 but recovered. They died of heart failure in March 2020.
Honours
Eredivisie: 2
1963, 1975
References
External links
Oud-kampioen Peter Kemper overleden (Bio) - PSV
1942 births
2020 deaths
Footballers from The Hague
Association football defenders
Dutch footballers
Netherlands international footballers
PSV Eindhoven players
Helmond Sport players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
White Mill is an 18th-century water powered corn mill near Sturminster Marshall in Dorset on the River Stour which is in the care of the National Trust. The first record of a mill on the site is from the Doomsday Book; the current watermill was rebuilt in 1776 and extensively repaired in 1994. It still retains its original elm and applewood machinery though this can no longer be used.
Description
The mill and house are both built of brick with tilled roofs. The mill house has two stories whist the mill has three with an attic. The house has a single story lean-to extension and a timber porch. The machinery and mill stones remain but the two water wheels are no longer present.
History
The present mill is thought to be on the site of an earlier one, probably on of those mentioned in the doomsday book. The current mill was rebuilt in 1776 on older foundations. The tenancy of the mill was the held by successive members of the Joyce family. The mill worked underwater power until 1866 when a severe winter flood caused damage that was deemed beyond economic repair. The miller at the time was also a baker and they converted half of the mill to run from a portable steam engine to supply their bakery with flour. The last miller retired at the end of the 19th-century and the mill was not used again.
Preservation
The mill and mill house were designated a Grade II listed building in 1982. The mill is in the care of the National Trust who open it to the public. Conservation work was carried out in 1994. The boundary wall to the mill is listed separately, also at Grade II.
References
External links
National Trust site
White Mill site
Mills Archive
Watermills in Dorset
Dorset
Grade II listed buildings in Dorset
National Trust properties in Dorset
The 1980 Robinsons South Pacific Classic was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tournament held on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia that was part of the 1980 Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was the seventh edition of the tournament and was held from 6 October until 12 October 1980. First-seeded John McEnroe won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
John McEnroe defeated Phil Dent 6–3, 6–4
It was McEnroe's 6th singles title of the year and the 21st of their career.
Doubles
John McEnroe / Matt Mitchell defeated Phil Dent / Rod Frawley 8–6
Notes
References
External links
ITF tournament details
Robinsons South Pacific Championships
Robinsons South Pacific Championships, 1980
Robinsons South Pacific Championships
Robinsons South Pacific Championships
Sports competitions in Brisbane
Tennis in Queensland
Lambert v Co-operative Insurance Society Ltd [1975] 2 Lloyds Rep 485 is an English contract law case concerning misrepresentation. It is an example of the operation of a positive duty of good faith in contracts for insurance.
Facts
Mrs Lambert signed a proposal form for ‘All Risks' insurance over their husband's jewelry, without mentioning their husband was convicted previously of receiving 1730 stolen cigarettes and was fined £25. The Co-op issued the policy. Mr Lambert was convicted of two more dishonesty offences in 1971 and sentenced to 15 months jail. Mrs Lambert did not reveal this either when the policy was renewed in 1972. In April 1972 some items worth £311 were lost or stolen and the Co-op refused on the basis of a failure to disclose.
Judgment
Mackenna J held ‘the assured is under a duty of disclosure… [but the] extent of the duty is the matter in controversy.' You could have a duty to disclose everything you think is material, everything a reasonable person thinks is, everything the particular insurer thinks is, or everything a reasonable or prudent insurer thinks is, like in s 18 Marine Insurance Act 1906. Because there is no difference between this insurance and marine insurance in principle, it should be the latter. They did however say the law was unsatisfactory and the Co-op were doing ‘a heartless thing… but that is their business, not mine.'
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
Notes
English misrepresentation case law
High Court of Justice cases
1975 in case law
1975 in British law
The .300 Savage cartridge is a rimless, .30 caliber rifle cartridge developed by Savage Arms in 1920. It was designed to replace the less powerful .303 Savage in their popular Savage Model 99 hammerless lever-action rifle. Despite having a short case and a rather stumpy neck, the cartridge is capable of propelling a bullet at over with an effective range of over .
Performance
Pressure level for the .300 Savage is set by SAAMI at 46,000 CUP.
See also
.30-06 Springfield
.303 Savage
.308 Winchester
Table of handgun and rifle cartridges
References
External links
Savage 99 Web site
C.I.P. TDCC sheet .300 Savage
The .300 Savage by Chuck Hawks
300 Savage
.300 Savage
Savage Arms
Béni Snous District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Clayton White (born December 2, 1977) is an American football coach and former player who is serving as the defensive coordinator for the South Carolina Gamecocks. Prior to being hired at South Carolina, they were the defensive coordinator for the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers. They played college football for NC State.
Playing career
College
White grew up in Dunn, North Carolina, and attended Triton High School in nearby Erwin, where they played quarterback and linebacker. Out of high school they attended North Carolina State University. They started at linebacker and special teams in 1999 and 2000. White set multiple records at NC State: career tackles for loss, single-season tackles for loss, and tackles in a single game. They graduated in 2001 with a degree in sports management.
NFL
In the NFL, they spent two seasons with the New York Giants as a linebacker and a special teamer. They played in every Giants game during the 2001 season. White injured their knee during an April 2002 practice. They did not appear in a game during the 2002 season, and the Giants cut them in February 2003. They then signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers but was cut during training camp prior to the start of the 2003 NFL season.
Coaching career
Early coaching career
Following their release White turned to coaching, and was hired as an assistant coach at Sanderson High School in Raleigh, North Carolina, coaching defensive backs. Tim Gillespie, the head coach, was also a former NC State player. They then spent 2004 and 2005 as Western Carolina's defensive backs coach. In 2006 they worked at Western Michigan as the team's defensive backs coach and special teams coordinator.
Stanford
From 2007 to 2009 White coached the defensive backs at Stanford.
Western Kentucky (first stint)
In 2010 White spent the season at WKU on Willie Taggart's first staff. There they served as the Co-Special Teams Coordinator and Defensive Backs Coach.
UConn
White served as the special teams coordinator and running backs coach for the Huskies in 2011 and 2012.
NC State
From 2013 to 2016 White worked as the co-special teams coordinator and safeties coach for NC State.
Western Kentucky (second stint)
In 2017 White returned to Western Kentucky as the team's defensive coordinator and cornerbacks coach. They remained in that position until after the 2020 season.
South Carolina
In 2021 White was hired to be the defensive coordinator and inside linebackers coach for the Gamecocks as a part of Shane Beamer's inaugural staff.
Despite losing multiple players to graduation, injuries, and the transfer portal, White's 2021 defense over-achieved and tied Notre Dame for 11th in the nation in forced turnovers with 23 takeaways.
References
External links
South Carolina profile
Western Kentucky profile
NC State profile
1977 births
Living people
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
American football linebackers
American football quarterbacks
Coaches of American football from North Carolina
High school football coaches in North Carolina
NC State Wolfpack football coaches
NC State Wolfpack football players
New York Giants players
People from Dunn, North Carolina
Players of American football from North Carolina
South Carolina Gamecocks football coaches
Stanford Cardinal football coaches
UConn Huskies football coaches
Western Carolina Catamounts football coaches
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football coaches
Western Michigan Broncos football coaches
G1/S-specific cyclin Cln3 is a protein that is encoded by the CLN3 gene. The Cln3 protein is a budding yeast G1 cyclin that controls the timing of Start, the point of commitment to a mitotic cell cycle. It is an upstream regulator of the other G1 cyclins, and it is thought to be the key regulator linking cell growth to cell cycle progression. It is a 65 kD, unstable protein; like other cyclins, it functions by binding and activating cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK).
Cln3 in Start regulation
Cln3 regulates Start, the point at which budding yeast commit to the G1/S transition and thus a round of mitotic division. It was first identified as a gene controlling this process in the 1980s; research over the past few decades has provided a mechanistic understanding of its function.
Identification of CLN3 gene
The CLN3 gene was originally identified as the whi1-1 allele in a screen for small size mutants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (for Cln3's role in size control, see below). This screen was inspired by a similar study in Schizosaccharomyces pombe, in which the Wee1 gene was identified as an inhibitor of cell cycle progression that maintained normal cell size. Thus, the WHI1 gene was at first thought to perform a size control function analogous to that of Wee1 in pombe. However, it was later found that WHI1 was in fact a positive regulator of Start, as its deletion caused cells to delay in G1 and grow larger than wild-type cells. The original WHI1-1 allele (changed from whi1-1 because it is a dominant allele) in fact contained a nonsense mutation that removed a degradation-promoting PEST sequence from the Whi1 protein and thus accelerated G1 progression. WHI1 was furthermore found to be a cyclin homologue, and it was shown that simultaneous deletion of WHI1—renamed CLN3—and the previously identified G1 cyclins, CLN1 and CLN2, caused permanent G1 arrest. This showed that the three G1 cyclins were responsible for controlling Start entry in budding yeast.
G1-S transition
The three G1 cyclins collaborate to drive yeast cells through the G1-S transition, i.e. to enter S-phase and begin DNA replication. The current model of the gene regulatory network controlling the G1-S transition is shown in Figure 1. The key targets of the G1 cyclins in this transition are the transcription factors SBF and MBF (not shown in the diagram), as well as the B-type cyclin inhibitor Sic1. Cln-CDKs activate SBF by phosphorylating and promoting nuclear export of its inhibitor, Whi5, which associates with promoter-bound SBF. The precise mechanism of MBF activation is unknown. Together, these transcription factors promote the expression of over 200 genes, which encode the proteins necessary for carrying out the biochemical activities of S-phase. These include the S-phase cyclins Clb5 and Clb6, which bind CDK to phosphorylate S-phase targets. However, Clb5,6-CDK complexes are inhibited by Sic1, so S-phase initiation requires phosphorylation and degradation of Sic1 by Cln1,2-CDK to proceed fully.
Cln3 activates a Cln1,2 positive feedback loops
Although all three G1 cyclins are necessary for normal regulation of Start and the G1-S transition, Cln3 activity seems to be the deciding factor in S-phase initiation, with Cln1 and Cln2 serving to actuate the Cln3-based decision to transit Start. It was found early on that Cln3 activity induced expression of Cln1 and Cln2. Furthermore, Cln3 was a stronger activator Start transit than Cln1 and Cln2, even though Cln3-CDK had an inherently weaker kinase activity than the other Clns. This indicated that Cln3 was an upstream regulator of Cln1 and Cln2. Furthermore, it was found, as shown in Figure 1, that Cln1 and Cln2 could activate their own transcription via SBF, completing a positive feedback loop that could contribute to rapid activation and S-phase entry. Thus, Start transit seems to rely on reaching a sufficient level of Cln3-CDK activity to induce the Cln1,2 positive feedback loops, which rapidly increases SBF/MBF and Cln1,2 activity, allowing a switch-like G1-S transition. The role of positive feedback in this process has been challenged, but recent experiments have confirmed its importance for rapid inactivation and nuclear export of Whi5, which is the molecular basis of commitment to S-phase.
Cln3 and cell size control
As discussed above, Cln3 was originally identified as a regulator of budding yeast cell size. The elucidation of the mechanisms by which it regulates Start has revealed a means for it to link cell size to cell cycle progression, but questions remain as to how it actually senses cell size.
Start requires a threshold cell size
The simple observation that cells of a given type are similar in size, and the question of how this similarity is maintained, has long fascinated cell biologists. The study of cell size control in budding yeast began in earnest in the mid 1970s, when the regulation of the budding yeast cell cycle was first being elucidated by Lee Hartwell and colleagues. Seminal work in 1977 found that yeast cells maintain a constant size by delaying their entry into the cell cycle (as assayed by budding) until they have grown to a threshold size. Later worked refined this result to show that Start specifically, rather than some other aspect of the G1-S transition, is controlled by the size threshold.
Translational size sensing
That Start transit requires the attainment of a threshold cell size directly implies that yeast cells measure their own size, so that they can use that information to regulate Start. A favored model for how yeast cells, as well as cells of other species, measure their size relies on the detection of overall translation rate. Essentially, since cell growth consists, to a great extent, of the synthesis of ribosomes to produce more proteins, the overall rate of protein production should reflect cell size. Thus, a single protein that is produced at a constant rate relative to total protein production capacity will be produced in higher quantities as the cell grows. If this protein promotes cell cycle progression (Start in the case of yeast), then it will link cell cycle progression to translation rate and, therefore, cell size. Importantly, this protein must be unstable, so that its levels depend on its current translation rate, rather than the rate of translation over time. Furthermore, since the cell grows in volume as well as mass, the concentration of this size sensor will remain constant with growth, so its activity must be compared against something that does not change with cell growth. Genomic DNA was suggested as such a standard early on, because it is (by definition) present in a constant quantity until the start of DNA replication. How this occurs remains a major question in current studies of size control (see below).
Before the identification of Cln3 and its function, accrued evidence indicated that such translational size sensing operated in yeast. First, it was confirmed that the total rate of protein synthesis per cell increases with growth, a fundamental prerequisite for this model. It was later shown that treatment with the protein synthesis inhibitor cycloheximide delayed Start in yeast, indicating that translation rate controlled Start. Finally, it was also shown that this delay occurred even with short pulses of cycloheximide, confirming that an unstable activating protein was required for Start.
Cln3 as size sensor
The model of budding yeast size control, in which a threshold size for Start entry is detected by a translational size sensor, required a "sizer" protein; the properties of Cln3 made it the prime candidate for that role from the time of its discovery. First, it was a critical Start activator, as G1 length varied inversely with Cln3 expression and activity levels. Second, it was expressed nearly constitutively throughout the cell cycle and in G1 in particular—unusual for cyclins, which (as their name suggests) oscillate in expression with the cell cycle. These two properties meant that Cln3 could serve as a Start activator that depended on total translation rate. Finally, Cln3 was also shown to be highly unstable, the third necessary property of a translational sizer (as discussed above).
Thus, Cln3 seems to be the size sensor in budding yeast, as it exhibits the necessary properties of a translational sizer and is the most upstream regulator of Start. A critical question remains, however, as to how its activity is rendered size dependent. As noted above, any translational size sensor should be at constant concentration, and thus constant activity, in the cytoplasm as cells grow. In order to detect its size, the cell must compare the absolute number of sizer molecules to some non-growing standard, with the genome the obvious choice for such a standard. It was originally thought that yeast accomplished this with Cln3 by localizing it (and its target, Whi5) to the nucleus: nuclear volume was assumed to scale with genome content, so that an increasing concentration of Cln3 in the nucleus could indicate increasing Cln3 molecules relative to the genome. However, the nucleus has recently been shown to grow during G1, irrespective of genome content, undermining this model. Recent experiments have suggested that Cln3 activity could be titrated directly against genomic DNA, through its DNA-bound interaction with SBF-Whi5 complexes. Finally, other models exist that do not rely on comparison of Cln3 levels to DNA. One posits a non-linear relationship between total translation rate and Cln3 translation rate caused by an Upstream open reading frame; another suggests that the increase in Cln3 activity at the end of G1 relies on competition for the chaperone protein Ydj1, which otherwise holds Cln3 molecules in the Endoplasmic reticulum.
References
Fungal proteins
Saccharomyces cerevisiae genes
The 2011–12 winter transfer window for Norwegian football transfers opened on 1 January and closed on 31 March 2012. Additionally, players without a club may join at any time. This list includes transfers featuring at least one Tippeligaen or Adeccoligaen club which are completed after the end of the summer 2011 transfer window and before the end of the 2011–12 winter window.
Transfers
All players and clubs without a flag are Norwegian.
References
Transfers winter 2011–12
2011–12
Norway
Transfers
Hibbertia stellaris, commonly known as star guinea flower or orange stars, is a brilliantly orange flowering ground cover from the South Western Australian botanical province. It naturally grows in swamps; despite this, it is extremely sensitive to phytophthora and needs to be grown in well-drained soil in cultivation.
Description
Hibbertia stellaris grows as a small shrub 30–70 cm high and 30–60 cm across. The stems are often red-tinged. The linear to narrow-spathulate (spoonshaped) leaves measure 1.5-2.5 cm long and 0.5-2.5 mm across. The orange flowers appear from August to February, with populations from the more northern parts of its range having more yellowish flowers.
Taxonomy
Austrian botanist Stephan Endlicher described Hibbertia stellaris in their 1837 work Enumeratio plantarum quas in Novae Hollandiae ora austro-occidentali ad fluvium Cygnorum et in sinu Regis Georgii collegit Carolus Liber Baro de Hügel, from a specimen collected near the Swan River. The specific epithet is from the Latin stella "star", and refers to the starry flowers. Meanwhile, German botanist Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel described Hibbertia tenuiramea in the 1845 work Plantae Preissianae, from a specimen collected near Perth. George Bentham classified it in the series Brachyantherae based on flower anatomy, defining members of the group having glabrous carpels, 15 stamens without staminodia, pedunculate flowers and linear leaves. They also synonymised H. tenuiramea with H. stellaris.
Distribution and habitat
Found across a wide area of Western Australia, it is not threatened.
Cultivation
Hibbertia stellaris is a highly regarded horticultural plant on account of its brilliant orange flowers and has been in cultivation for decades; however, it is generally short-lived in cultivation (to the point where it is most convenient to treat it as an annual). It generally succumbs within 18 months of planting in the ground, although it lives longer in containers such as pots or hanging baskets. It is hardy to moderate frosts.
Plants in full sun (as opposed to in part-shade) flower more profusely but tend to be shorter-lived.
It is easily propagated by cuttings taken in spring after flowering. It is best grown in an open, acid sandy soil with underlying water (such as in a saucer of water, or better, on a capillary mat).
References
stellaris
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1837
The Kane Rocks () form an east–west trending ridge, long, forming a rock median between the upper reaches of Koski Glacier and Vandament Glacier in the Dominion Range, Antarctica. The ridge was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Henry Scott Kane, a United States Antarctic Research Program cosmic rays scientist at South Pole Station, winter 1964, and a member of the South Pole—Queen Maud Land Traverse I and II, 1964–65 and 1965–66.
References
Ridges of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Corktown Lofts, previously known as the Edson, Moore and Company Building, is a former warehouse building, constructed for Edson, Moore & Company in 1913. It is located at 1700 West Fort Street in Detroit, Michigan, and as of 2017 is being redeveloped into a mixed use space. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.
History
Edson, Moore & Company was founded in 1872 and quickly became one of the largest dry goods wholesale businesses in Michigan. The firm employed a number of travelling salespersons, and by the turn of the century it was one of the largest wholesale jobbers in the Midwest. The increase in sales necessitated new headquarters: the company's first location was at the southwest corner of Bates Street and East Jefferson Avenue, but in 1882 the company moved to the newly constructed Palms Building across the street. A disastrous fire in 1893 leveled the building, but the firm rebuilt at the same location.
By the early 1910s, Edson, Moore and Company desperately needed more warehouse space, but there was no room remaining in the built-up downtown wholesale district. They turned to the western riverfront district, at that time being newly developed. The firm hired the development company owned by John F. and Horace E. Dodge to construct this warehouse building. In 1913, the Dodges hired Detroit-based Smith, Hinchman & Grylls to design the warehouse building, and contracted Bryant & Detwiler Company to construct it at a cost of $237,000.
Over subsequent years, Edson, Moore & Company's business evolved, from clothing to textiles and carpeting. The firm moved out of the Fort Street building in 1958 into a larger facility on Weest Chicago Boulevard. The firm lasted until 1974. In 1959, Edson, Moore & Company sold the Fort Street warehouse. In the 1970s the building was owned by the Charles Sabadash Company, and was used to rent warehouse space for storage. In the 1990s, the building was used by the Olde Discount brokerage for storage, and in 2004, Display Group, a design, fixtures and trade show kiosk company, purchased the building and moved in. In 2016, the building was purchased by Bedrock Real Estate, the real estate development division of Quicken Loans. As of 2017, the property is being redeveloped into a mixed-use space.
Description
The Corktown Lofts is a four-story Neoclassical warehouse building constructed of reinforced concrete and faced with dark reddish brown brick. The building is trapezoidal, filling the lot and abutting the former railroad tracks, laid diagonally to Fort Street, to the west. Additional levels below grade are exposed along the railroad track. The main facade, facing Fort Street, contains nine vertical bays. The seven center bays contain window openings with four vertical panes and a horizontal transom above. The window bays on each end contain the same windows, but with cast stone quoined surrounds on the upper levels and an arched window at the very top. There is a central entrance, deeply recessed, on the ground floor. A stone string course separates the upper floors from the lower.
On the west facade, the decorative cast stone quoined surround and string course wraps around to ornament the first bay. The remaining bays are simplified in form, separated by vertical piers.
Gallery
References
External links
Corktown Lofts from Bedrock Financial.
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit
Buildings and structures completed in 1913
1913 establishments in Michigan
Dhanna Singh ( ; 1888–1923) was a Sikh revolutionary and part of the Babbar Akali movement for India's freedom from British rule. They died on October 26, 1923, while resisting arrest during their own suicide bombing; the bomb killed seven officers.
Biography
Birth
Dhanna Singh was born in Behbalpur in the Hoshiarpur district of Punjab, India. They belonged to the Jatt caste. Their father's name was Indar Singh, and they were born into a poor rural family. As a child, they learned Punjabi and Urdu at the village school..
Babbar Akali Movement
In their youth, Dhanna Singh was influenced by Karam Singh of Daulatpur, leader of the Chakravarti Jatha (Chakravarti means 'gypsy'). In March 1921 they helped organize the Jathas major divans at Mahalpur and then again in October 1921 at Kukkar Muzara. Dhanna Singh's associates included Banta Singh Dhamiyan, Karam Singh, and Udai Singh.
Dhanna was assigned to murder Arjan Singh, a patwari (land record officer), who had caused the arrest of Master Mota Singh in June 1922. With the help of Buta Singh and Sadha Singh of Pandori Nijijhrari, they attempted to murder Arjan Singh. Dhanna Singh was also involved in the murders of Buta, lambardar of Narigal Shaman, Hazara Singh of Bahibalpur, and Labh Singh, a mistri (master craftsman) of Garhsharikar, who had Kishan Singh Gargajj arrested in February 1923.
Murder of Buta Singh
Dhanna Singh, Banta Singh from Dhamian, and Santa Singh were armed with pistols. Banta Singh had a bomb, and the rest had various bladed weapons. On reaching Buta Singh's house, Dhanna and Banta Singh scaled the wall of the courtyard. Buta Singh was in the courtyard and challenged them both. They jumped down from the wall. Buta Singh went to the roof of the house. The door was forced open by the two Babbars, and Dhanna Singh fired two shots at him. Buta Singh fell off the roof into an adjoining courtyard. Surjan Singh Chobara and Ram Singh (Ram Chand) were sleeping. Surjan Singh tried to plead for their life, but Dhanna struck them with their chhavi.
Murder of Hazara Singh
Near the end of March 1923, Hazara Singh, lambardar of Bebbalpur (Hoshiarpur), was murdered by Dhanna Singh. After killing Hazara Singh, they went to the police station to inform them through a poster that Hazara Singh of Behbalpur had been murdered by Dhanna Singh Babbar.
Murder of Labh Singh
Labh Singh, a mistri, was murdered by Dhanna Singh, Santa Singh, Banta Singh, and Dalipa Singh. Dhanna Singh borrowed a pony which was used to carry weaponry and Dalipa Singh. Kartar Singh was arrested for the murder on June 20, 1923.
Betrayal by Jwala
Jwala Singh was an informer for the British. After 18-year-old Daleep Singh and Jwala Singh were arrested, Dhanna Singh asked Jwala Singh about their arrest. Jwala Singh denied having anything to do with Daleep Singh's arrest. Jwala Singh told Dhanna Singh that the police were near and that they should hide outside the village in a sugar cane field. Dhanna Singh hid while Jwala Singh called Subinspector Gulzara Singh to tell them of Dhanna's Singh's whereabouts. Gulzara Singh thought it would be difficult to catch or kill Dhanna Singh in the sugar cane field so they asked Jwala Singh to invite Dhanna Singh into Jwala's house. Police Superintendent A.F. Harton of Hoshiarpur was informed of the plan.
Final confrontation
On October 25, 1923, Dhanna Singh stayed at Jwala Singh's house. Jwala Singh emptied Dhanna's guns while they were asleep. The police surrounded the house at night, and by the morning, there was a police group of 40 units. Jwala Singh managed to escape. Some sources say that when Dhanna Singh came out of the house, they were hit on the head by Gulzara Singh's lathi. Other sources say that while Dhanna Singh tried to slip away from the attack, they fell and was arrested and put into handcuffs, their feet into fetters, and had their revolver confiscated. The police mocked Dhanna Singh because they had sworn that nobody would be able to catch them alive. Dhanna Singh, with the force of their elbow, blew themselves up with the explosives they were carrying. The blast killed seven people; five died on the spot. W.N.P. Jenkins (assistant superintendent) and Gulzara Singh died immediately. Thanedar and Horton were wounded. Horton died a few days later. A year after the blast, on October 23, 1924, Governor Malcolm Hailey raised a monument in memory of Horton and the six police officers who died.
References
1888 births
1923 deaths
Indian assassins
Indian murderers
Sikh martyrs
Suicide bombers
The scarlet-hooded barbet (Eubucco tucinkae) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae, the New World barbets. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The scarlet-hooded barbet is monotypic.
At times it was thought to be closely related to the red-headed barbet (Eubucco bourceirii) and possibly conspecific, but it is treated now as a full species with no close relatives even within its genus.
Description
The scarlet-hooded barbet is approximately long and weighs . The male's entire head, throat, and upper mantle are red but for a bit of black around the eye and bill. The rest of the upperparts are green. Its lower breast is orange and yellow; it has a gray patch on the side and the flanks are streaked with olive. Most of the female's head is also red, but the throat is yellow. It has an orange band on the upper breast and the rest of the underparts are like the male's.
Distribution and habitat
The scarlet-hooded barbet is found in the upper Amazon Basin where eastern Peru, western Brazil, and a bit of western Bolivia meet. More than half of its range is in Peru. It inhabits bamboo and Heleconia in dense understory, always within approximately of rivers and oxbow lakes. It can also be found in overgrown gardens near rivers and on river islands. In elevation it ranges from approximately .
Behavior
Feeding
The scarlet-hooded barbet's diet is approximately 60% fruits such as figs and Cecropia seeds and 40% insects and other arthropods of many kinds. It also eats flowers and nectar. It forages from near the ground up to approximately by gleaning fruits and probing dead leaf clusters for insects. It joins mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
The scarlet-hooded barbet nests in Peru in July and possibly. Like all New World barbets, it excavates a nest hole, usually in a tree, but virtually nothing else is known about its breeding phenology.
Vocalization
The scarlet-hooded barbet's song is "a fast 'oop-oop-oop-'" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the scarlet-hooded barbet as being of The Least Concern. However, "[further] data [are] required on its breeding habits and requirements."
References
scarlet-hooded barbet
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
scarlet-hooded barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Westlington is a hamlet near the village of Dinton in the civil parish of Dinton-with-Ford and Upton, Buckinghamshire, England.
On the 1st of April 2002 manager of The v8s William Heath and attend's Royal Holloway
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
The Franck Report of June 1945 was a document signed by several prominent nuclear physicists recommending that the United States not use the atomic bomb as a weapon to prompt the surrender of Japan in World War II.
The report was named for James Franck, the head of the committee that produced it. The committee was appointed by Arthur Compton and met in secret, in all-night sessions in a highly secure environment. Largely written by Eugene Rabinowitch, the report spoke about the impossibility to keep the United States atomic discoveries secret indefinitely. It predicted a nuclear arms race, forcing the United States to develop nuclear armaments at such a pace that no other nation would think of attacking first from fear of overwhelming retaliation. This prediction turned out to be accurate, as the nuclear arms race and the concept of mutual assured destruction became a major factor in the Cold War. The report recommended that the nuclear bomb not be used, and proposed that either a demonstration of the "new weapon" be made before the eyes of representatives of all of the United Nations, on a barren island or desert, or to try to keep the existence of the nuclear bomb secret for as long as possible.
In the first case, the international community would be warned of the dangers and encouraged to develop an effective international control on such weapons. In the latter case, the United States would gain several years time to further develop their nuclear armament before other countries would start their own production. The Franck Report was signed by James Franck (Chairman), Donald J. Hughes, J. J. Nickson, Eugene Rabinowitch, Glenn T. Seaborg, J. C. Stearns, and Leó Szilárd.
Franck took the report to Washington June 12, where the Interim Committee, appointed by President Truman to advise them on use of the atomic bomb, met on June 21 to reexamine its earlier conclusions. However, this committee reaffirmed that there was no alternative to the use of the bomb and on August 6 and 9, the Americans dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
The Report was declassified and released to the public in early 1946, but Manhattan Project officials required the censorship of some passages.
See also
Szilárd petition - unsuccessful petition against use of the atomic bomb, signed by 70 Manhattan Project scientists in July, 1945.
Ralph Austin Bard - containing description of memorandum by Under Secretary of the Navy Ralph A. Bard urging warning to Japan before using the atomic bomb.
References
External links
The text of the Franck Report is available at these online locations:
Federation of American Scientists
Nuclearfiles.org
Atomicarchive.com
Dannen.com
Internet Archive (original copy and transcribed copy)
Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
1945 documents
The Iranian futsal champions are the annual winners of Iranian Futsal Super League, Iran's premier annual Futsal league competition. The title has been contested since 1996, in varying forms of competition. While Mes Sungun has won a record 4 championship titles.
Winners
Province championship (1996–2002)
Premier league (1998–2003)
Super league (2003– )
Performances
Most successful clubs
Titles by city
Total titles won by province
The following table lists the Iranian futsal champions by Province.
Title wins by decade
See also
Futsal in Iran
Iranian Futsal league system
Iranian Futsal Super League
List of Iranian club futsal top goal scorers
List of Iranian futsal league winning managers
References
External links
I.R. Iran Football Federation
Super League page on Futsal Planet
Champions
Champions
Francine Lefebvre (15 March 1908 – 16 December 1981) was a French politician. They were elected to the National Assembly in 1945 as one of the first group of French women in parliament. They served in the National Assembly until 1958.
Biography
Lefebvre was born Francine Nicolas in Saint-Étienne-des-Oullières in 1908. They worked in the chocolate industry. Following the liberation of France, they became a Liberation Committee of the 3rd arrondissement of the Seine on behalf of the Popular Republican Movement (MRP).
They were subsequently an MRP candidate in Seine department in the 1945 National Assembly elections. The third-placed candidate on the MRP list, they were elected to parliament, becoming one of the first group of women in the National Assembly. After being elected they became a member of the Civil and Military Pensions and Victims of War and Repression Commission and the Labour and Social Security Commission. They were re-elected in the June 1946 elections, and was sat on the Labour and Social Security and Refueling commissions. After being re-elected again in the November 1946 elections they became vice-president of the MRP parliamentary group. Retaining their place on the Labour and Social Security Commission, they also sat on the Committee on Universal Suffrage, Rules and Petitions Commission, the Interior Commission, the Parliamentary Immunity Commission and the Overseas Territories Commission, and was appointed as a High Court juror.
Lefebvre was re-elected as the head of the MRP list in Seine in 1951 and 1956. In the 1958 elections they stood in the Seine 10th constituency, but failed to be re-elected. They subsequently ran unsuccessfully in the 9th constituency in 1962 and the 2nd constituency in 1967, after which they retired from politics. They died in Villefranche-sur-Saône in 1979.
References
1908 births
Popular Republican Movement politicians
Deputies of the 1st National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Deputies of the 2nd National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Deputies of the 3rd National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Women members of the National Assembly (France)
1979 deaths
20th-century French women politicians
Michal Prášek is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from the Czech Republic. They currently compete aboard a BMW S1000RR in the Alpe Adria Road Race Superstock 1000 Championship.  They are a two-time Alpe Adria Road Race Superstock 1000 Champion, winning it in 2015 and 2016.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1988 births
Living people
Czech motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Havlíčkův Brod
The Romance-speaking world, Romanophone world, Neolatin world, or Latin-speaking world, is the part of the world where Romance languages (those evolved from Latin) are either official, co-official, or significantly used, comprising Latin Europe and Latin America, as well as parts of North America and Romance-speaking Africa and Romance-speaking Asia.
It includes, for example, the Spanish-, Galician-, Portuguese-, French-, Italian-, Romanian- and Catalan-speaking communities.
Area, population and GDP of the Romance-speaking world
Spanish-speaking countries
Portuguese-speaking countries
French-speaking countries
Italian-speaking countries
Romanian-speaking countries
Catalan-speaking countries
Total Romance-speaking world
See also
Latin Union
Legacy of the Roman Empire
References
Country classifications
Romance languages
Geographical distribution of languages
Eurasia
Africa
Americas
David Arnold (Vietnamese: Việt Arnold; born November 10, 1990) is an Vietnamese-American professional basketball player for the Saigon Heat of the ASEAN Basketball League. They played college basketball for the Northern Colorado Bears and the Montana State Billings Yellowjackets.  They are also known as "Viet Arnold" in Vietnam. Their favorite team in NBA is Boston Celtics. Their favorite NBA basketball player is Kevin Durant.
Pro career
Saigon Heat ABL (2014–present)
Arnold joined the Saigon Heat of the ASEAN Basketball League prior to the 2014 season.
Saigon Heat VBA (2016–present)
With the formation for the Vietnam Basketball Association, Arnold joined the Saigon Heat side for the league's inaugural season. At the conclusion of the season, they were named to the All-VBA First Team, finishing with averages of 17.2 points, 3.0 rebounds, and 5.9 assists per game.
Career statistics
ABL
VBA
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016
| style="text-align:left;"| Saigon
| 15 || 13 || 34.1 || .420 || .380 || .700 || 3.0 || 5.9 || .9 || .3 || 17.2
|- class"sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017
| style="text-align:left;"| Saigon
| 17 || 16 || 28.4 || .400 || .390 || .750 || 4.8 || 5.5 || 1.4 || .2 || 14.4
|- class"sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 32 || 29 || 31.3 || .410 || .390 || .720 || 3.9 || 5.7 || 1.2 || .2 || 15.7
Awards and honors
VBA
All-VBA First Team: 2016
References
External links
Career statistics and player information from ASEANBasketballLeague.com
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Vietnam
American men's basketball players
American sportspeople of Vietnamese descent
Basketball players from Colorado
Expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
Montana State Billings Yellowjackets men's basketball players
Northern Colorado Bears men's basketball players
People from Highlands Ranch, Colorado
Saigon Heat players
Shooting guards
Vietnamese basketball players
Eileen Yeow (born 4 January 1972), also known as Yiu Ying-ying, is a Hong Kong-based Singaporean actor and was named as one of the Five Fresh Beauties of TVB in 1995.
Career
Yeow won the title of Miss Singapore Universe in 1991. After that, they went on to represent Singapore in the Miss Universe pageant in Las Vegas during the same year. Them best friend, Anita Yuen, then encouraged them to expand their acting career in Hong Kong. They then went to Hong Kong and became an actor. In 2013 they appeared in the film Blind Detective which was featured at the Cannes Film Festival.
Personal life
Yeow was born in Singapore.
In June 2011, they gave birth to a boy, Evan, with their boyfriend of 8 years. They said they didn't plan to get married and would deal with love life in a low-key manner.
Filmography
TV series
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Miss Universe 1991 contestants
Singaporean actores
Singaporean beauty pageant winners
Singaporean emigrants to Hong Kong
Singaporean people of Teochew descent
TVB actors
Singaporean born Hong Kong artists
The Mt. Van Hoevenberg Olympic Bobsled Run is a venue for bobsleigh, luge and skeleton in the United States, located at the Lake Placid Olympic Sports Complex in Lake Placid, New York. This venue was used for the 1932 and 1980 Winter Olympics and for the only winter Goodwill Games in 2000. The third and most recent version of the track was completed in 2000 with the track hosting both the first FIBT World Championships and FIL World Luge Championships done outside of Europe, doing so in 1949 and 1983. In 2010 the bobsled track was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The bobsled track was built in 1930. The following year, Popular Science reported that it was "... called the only scientifically constructed bobsled run in America and the only one of its kind in the world." According to the National Park Service:
Carved out of wilderness and surrounded by forested land on all sides, the one and one-half mile long Olympic Bobsled Run was constructed in 1930 and built specifically for the 1932 Winter Olympic Games. The course was designed by Stanislaus Sentzytsky, a renowned German course designer, who designed a course that was radically different from its European counterparts. The Lake Placid course was longer, steeper, and featured a more pronounced drop in curves than European runs, which allowed for steadier driving and faster speeds than those obtained on prior bobsled events. After the American team won two gold medals and one silver in 1932, bobsledding, previously unknown in America, captivated the country's interest, and U.S. teams dominated the sport until 1956. Although portions of the course have been retired, parts of the original Olympic Bobsled Run continue to be used for training and recreation.
As Mt. Van Hoevenberg Olympic Bobsled Run, the structure was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on February 4, 2010. The listing was announced as the featured listing in the National Park Service's weekly list of February 19, 2010.
Prior to the 1932 Winter Olympics, bobsleigh racing took place at the steep hill where the Intervales ski jump would eventually be located. The attendees were delighted by the speeds of the bobsleds though several teams crashed during the run, sending two members of one team to the hospital as a result. The Intervales track only lasted one season (1929–30). Led by Henry Homburger, the first track was surveyed and constructed during 1929-30 at Mount Van Hoevenberg, located in the Whiteface Mountain area though it was in spite of protests of using state-owned lands for construction of the facility for environmental reasons. After construction took place during August–December 1930, the track opened for use on Christmas Day 1930. This track was in length with 26 curves with a vertical drop of , and an average grade of 9.6%.
After 1932, the upper and ten curves of the track were eliminated, shortening the track's length to with 16 curves, and an average grade of 9.3%. In 1949, the track became the first venue outside of Europe to host the FIBT World Championships though it would start with tragic results when Belgian Max Houben was killed during a practice run off of "Shady" curve prior to the event; the Belgian team withdrew as a result.
It would be another twelve years before the track hosted another world championship following safety improvements to the track. By this time, track officials had established a relationship with the International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation (FIBT). Sergio Zardini's fatal crash at the "Zig-Zag curves" on 22 February 1966 led to further safety improvements.
Following the world bobsleigh championships of 1969, 1973, and 1978, many race officials of those championships would serve on the organizing committee for the bobsleigh part of the 1980 Winter Olympics. In 1978 actual construction took place during September 1978-February 1979 with the creation of a reinforced concrete, artificially refrigerated bobsleigh track. The bobsleigh track was approved for competition in December 1979. In fall 1977, a separate luge track for the 1980 Games, the first one in the United States, was constructed with completion in time for the test competition in February 1979. During preparations for the 1980 Games, a combined two-man bobsleigh and luge track was considered, but abandoned to high cost and the track was redesigned with permission from the International Luge Federation (FIL). Following the 1980 games, both tracks hosted their respective world championships in 1983. The 1932 track continued to be used strictly for passenger riding after the new combined track was sanctioned.
Skeleton racing debuted during the 1990s with the bobsleigh part of the track hosting the world championships in 1997. By the late 1990s, parts of both tracks were demolished to make way for a new track that was constructed for the 2000 Winter Goodwill Games that was completed in January 2000. The track has been part of the Lake Placid Olympic Sports Complex since the end of the 1980 Winter Olympics as part of the Olympic Regional Development Authority (ORDA).
Since 2006, it has hosted the Chevy Geoff Bodine Bobsled Challenge, an annual event which has NASCAR drivers take a run down the track to benefit the Bo-Dyn Bobsled Project (co-created by the former NASCAR driver and 1986 Daytona 500 winner) in use by the United States since the start of the 1994 Winter Olympics. In 2009, the competition took place between NASCAR and the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) which was won by Jeg Coughlin Jr. (NHRA) won the event. The 2010 event took place at the track 8–10 January with Melanie Troxel on the NHRA becoming the first woman to compete in the event.
In 2009, the track became the first to host bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton world championships in the same year in a non-Winter Olympic year (The bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track in Park City, Utah was the first to do so for the 2002 Winter Olympics in neighboring Salt Lake City).
Current track statistics
The vertical drop is ; its base area is approximately above sea level.
The track names were given by John Morgan during Speed Channel's World Cup bobsleigh coverage on 30 December 2006. Turn one is not listed. Even though luge - men's singles has their starthouse to the right of bobsleigh and skeleton start, the men's singles start in the same location as the bobsleigh and skeleton.
Previous tracks
The only curves mentioned in the 1932 Winter Olympics official report of the 26 total are shown below:
The bobsleigh track used for the 1980 Winter Olympics consisted of 16 curves that was long with a vertical drop of , a maximum grade of 14.0%, and an average grade of 9.5%.
The luge track used for the 1980 Winter Olympics had two different settings to the different start houses used during the competition. For the men's singles event, the track consisted of 14 curves that was long with a vertical drop of , a maximum gradient of 30% and an average grade of 9.35%. In the women's singles and men's doubles event, the track consisted of 11 curves that was long with a vertical drop of , a maximum grade of 30%, and an average grade of 9.35%.
Championships hosted
Winter Olympics: 1932, 1980
FIBT World Championships: 1949, 1961, 1969, 1973, 1978, 1983, 1997 (men's skeleton), 2003 (Men's bobsleigh), 2009, 2012
FIL World Luge Championships: 1983, 2009
References
External links
Official website
Venues of the 1932 Winter Olympics
Venues of the 1980 Winter Olympics
Bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton tracks
Olympic bobsleigh venues
Olympic luge venues
Sports venues in New York (state)
Sports venues on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Sports venues in Essex County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
1930 establishments in New York (state)
Sports venues completed in 1930
We're All Errand Boys (Swedish: Springpojkar är vi allihopa!) is a 1941 Swedish comedy film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Åke Söderblom, Rune Halvarsson and Gunnar Höglund. It was shot at the Råsunda Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Arne Åkermark. Location shooting took place in Stockholm.
Synopsis
Two firms engages in a cutthroat rivalry to gain a new contract.
Cast
Åke Söderblom as Gugge
Rune Halvarsson as Nuffe
Bert Sorbon as Putte
Gunnar Höglund as Osse
Lennart Nyberg as Harra
Åke Johansson as Nisse
Esten Areschoug as Svampen
Lill-Acke Jacobsson as Jerka
Karl-Gustaf Jonsson as Knutte
Arne Söderberg as Jutte
Arne Andersson as Hempe
Thor Modéen as Grossh. Andersson
Benkt-Åke Benktsson as Grossh. Nordin
Eva Henning as Annie Nordin
Eric Abrahamsson as Dir. Johansson
Viran Rydkvist as Bondgumman
Anna-Lisa Baude as Frök. Göransson
Siri Olson as Lillan
Karl Kinch as Jäderlund
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1941 films
Swedish comedy films
1941 comedy films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
Films set in Stockholm
Films shot in Stockholm
1940s Swedish films
African magic is the form, development, and performance of magic within the culture and society of Africa.
Meaning of the word magic
The word magic might simply be understood as denoting management of forces, which, as an activity, is not weighted morally and is accordingly a neutral activity from the start of a magical practice, but by the will of the magician, is thought to become and to have an outcome which represents either good or bad (evil).
Ancient African culture was in the habit customarily of always discerning difference between magic, and a group of other things, which are not magic, these things were medicine, divination, witchcraft and sorcery.
In relation to witchcraft
E.K. Bongmba finds Witchcraft, Oracles, and Magic among the Azande by Evans-Pritchard (published 1937 ) responsible for a reduction in appreciation of the value of magic as a definite subject of study. Peter Pels (1998) posits failing in thought similarly stemming from a mis-aligned focus on the negative aspect of witchcraft representing the totum of magic.
Comparison to religion
Opinion differs on how religion and magic are related to each other with respect to development, or which developed from which. Some think they developed together from a shared origin; some think religion developed from magic; and others think magic developed from religion.
Types
There are two types of magic, good, or magic which is used to do well and enhance well-being, and bad, which is magic used to do harm or wrong or evil.
Roles
The traditional roles related to and of magic in African society is medicine-man, divinator, rain-maker, and priest-magician.
Medicine men
These are at the simplest understanding people who function within a tribal setting as herbalists.
Divinator
Rain-maker
Rain-makers are thought to possess magical powers, although they possess these powers because they (the powers) are given them by the sky God or the Great Spirit. Rain-making is something which requires both religion and magic.
Priest-magician
The priest-magician must grasp reality in many ways; understand the nature of climate, the forms of energy of the universe, the functions of material objects. The priest-magician controls forces of nature, and in doing this therefore has to understand how control of forces impacts upon perception and the human consciousness and minds of people. They or they fulfill their or their role by exercising the intellect and discerning a way forward while under the possession or control of a spirit or force of a divinity, to which they or they are a servant.
Anti-roles
Sorcerers
With particular reference to people dwelling within the Southern areas of Sudan,
individuals who are found to have been stricken with illness or misfortune are sometimes identified as having succumbed to the influence of sorcerers.
See also
Traditional African religions
References
African culture
Magic (supernatural)
The Christmas white-eye (Zosterops natalis) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Christmas Island. Its natural habitats are tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland. It is threatened by habitat destruction.
Description
The Christmas white-eye has a length of between . The upper parts are greyish-olive and the underparts whitish. There is a yellowish streak above the eye and a distinctive white feather ring surrounding the eye.
Distribution and habitat
The genus Zosterops is an island specialist, with 82 of the 98 species being restricted to islands, and many species being known from only a single island. It is a highly successful group, having an unspecialised diet and a great dispersal capacity. The Christmas white-eye is endemic to Christmas Island, but it has also been successfully introduced to the Cocos (Keeling) Islands where it has become established, but mostly around human settlements. On Christmas Island it occurs in forests all over the island at altitudes up to about , as well as in gardens, the vicinity of abandoned mines and weedy agricultural land.
Behaviour
The Christmas white-eye has a varied diet including fruits, seeds, nectar and insects.
Status
The invasive yellow crazy ant (Anoplolepis gracilipes) has had a dramatic impact on the biodiversity of Christmas Island. It has severely reduced and nearly eliminated the red land crabs and increased the presence of the stinging tree (Dendrocnide peltata) in the canopy. The increased populations of scale insects, which are tended by yellow crazy ants, have provided foraging opportunities for the white-eye and the resurgence of the ant has not deleteriously impacted the bird as was previously feared. The white-eye is a common bird with a stable population, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as least concern. The subpopulation on the Cocos (Keeling) Islands is estimated to be about 5% of the size of the Christmas Island population, but it provides a second location which should reduce the risk that a natural disaster will cause extinction.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
Christmas white-eye
Birds of Christmas Island
Christmas white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Evelyn Lee Stevens (born May 9, 1983) is an American retired professional road cyclist.
Early life
Stevens was born in Claremont, California but grew up in Acton, Massachusetts, where they attended Acton-Boxborough Regional High School. They studied government and women and gender studies at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire and was a member of the college's tennis team.
After graduating in 2005 they moved to New York City where they worked for Lehman Brothers for two years, then for mezzanine fund Gleacher Mezzanine before quitting in July 2009 to take up cycling full-time.
Career
They competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's road race, finishing 24th. In July 2014, Stevens competed at the Giro d'Italia and Thüringen Rundfahrt over 17 consecutive days of racing, finishing 14th and 1st respectively.
On February 27, 2016, Stevens rode the current UCI Hour record for women at the Olympic Training Center Velodrome in Colorado, United States with a distance of 47.980 km. They broke the record set January 22 by Australian Bridie O'Donnell in Adelaide, Australia by 1.1 km. Stevens was one of only three women (along with Trixi Worrack and Ellen van Dijk) to win four gold medals in the women's team time trial at the UCI Road World Championships.
Major results
Source:
2008
1st Green Mountain Stage Race Cat 3/4 Women
2009
1st Overall Tour of the Battenkill
1st Overall Jiminy Peak
1st Overall Bear Mountain
1st Overall Housatonic Hills
1st Overall Fitchburg Longsjo Classic
1st Overall Cascade Cycling Classic
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
2nd Overall La Route de France
1st Stage 5
2010
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
1st Chrono Gatineau
1st Stage 7 Giro d'Italia Femminile
1st Stage 6 North Star Grand Prix
5th Overall Redlands Bicycle Classic
1st Stage 3
5th La Flèche Wallonne Féminine
5th GP de Plouay – Bretagne
6th Time trial, UCI Road World Championships
6th Sparkassen Giro
9th Overall Giro della Toscana Int. Femminile – Memorial Michela Fanini
2011
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
1st Stage 2 (TTT) Trophée d'Or Féminin
1st Stage 5 Tour Cycliste Féminin International de l'Ardèche
2nd Time trial, Pan American Road Championships
2nd GP de Plouay – Bretagne
7th Grand Prix Elsy Jacobs
9th Memorial Davide Fardelli
9th Chrono Champenois
2012
UCI Road World Championships
1st Team time trial (with Ellen van Dijk, Charlotte Becker, Amber Neben, Ina-Yoko Teutenberg and Trixi Worrack)
2nd Time trial
1st Overall Women's Tour of New Zealand
1st Overall Gracia-Orlová
1st Points classification
1st Stage 1
1st Overall Exergy Tour
1st Overall La Route de France
1st Stages 7 & 9
1st La Flèche Wallonne Féminine
Open de Suède Vårgårda
1st Team time trial
9th Road race
1st Stage 4b (TTT) Energiewacht Tour
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
2nd Overall Holland Ladies Tour
1st Stage 2 (TTT)
2nd Chrono Gatineau
3rd Overall Giro d'Italia Femminile
1st Stage 3
5th GP de Plouay – Bretagne
10th Grand Prix Cycliste de Gatineau
2013
UCI Road World Championships
1st Team time trial (with Ellen van Dijk, Carmen Small, Katie Colclough, Lisa Brennauer and Trixi Worrack)
4th Time trial
5th Road race
1st Overall Giro del Trentino Alto Adige-Südtirol
1st Points classification
1st Stage 1b
1st Philadelphia Cycling Classic
1st Amgen Tour of California Women's Time Trial
1st Merco Cycling Classic
Open de Suède Vårgårda
1st Team time trial
6th Road race
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Belgium Tour
1st Stage 2 (TTT) Holland Ladies Tour
2nd Overall Gracia-Orlová
1st Stage 1
3rd Overall Emakumeen Euskal Bira
3rd Overall La Route de France
3rd Durango-Durango Emakumeen Saria
5th Overall Giro d'Italia Femminile
2014
UCI Road World Championships
1st Team time trial (with Carmen Small, Lisa Brennauer, Chantal Blaak, Karol-Ann Canuel, and Trixi Worrack)
3rd Time trial
1st Time trial, Pan American Road Championships
1st Overall Thüringen Rundfahrt der Frauen
1st Stage 4
Active rider award, Stage 2
1st Overall Holland Ladies Tour
1st Philadelphia Cycling Classic
1st Open de Suède Vårgårda TTT
National Road Championships
3rd Road race
3rd Time trial
4th La Flèche Wallonne Féminine
10th Tour of Flanders for Women
2015
1st Amgen Tour of California Women's Time Trial
1st Mountains classification Ladies Tour of Norway
UCI Road World Championships
2nd Team time trial
6th Time trial
3rd Overall Women's Tour of New Zealand
1st Stage 1 (TTT)
3rd Crescent Women World Cup Vårgårda TTT
4th Durango-Durango Emakumeen Saria
6th La Flèche Wallonne Féminine
6th Philadelphia Cycling Classic
7th Time trial, EPZ Omloop van Borsele
8th GP de Plouay
9th Overall Giro d'Italia Femminile
10th Overall Emakumeen Euskal Bira
2016
Hour record: 47.980 km
1st Team time trial, UCI Road World Championships
1st Crescent Vårgårda UCI Women's WorldTour TTT
2nd Overall Giro d'Italia Femminile
1st Stages 2, 6 & 7 (ITT)
2nd La Flèche Wallonne Féminine
3rd Overall Tour of California
4th Philadelphia Cycling Classic
8th Overall Emakumeen Euskal Bira
10th Time trial, Summer Olympics
References
External links
Profile at
1983 births
Living people
American female cyclists
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the United States
Sportspeople from New York City
People from Acton, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
UCI Road World Champions (women)
21st-century American women
Cyclists from Massachusetts
Smaragdus was Exarch of Ravenna twice, from 585 to 589 and from 603 to 611.
During their first tenure, Smaragdus made an alliance with the Franks and Avars against the perennial foes of the Exarchate, the Lombards, and appeared poised to extinguish the Lombard power before it had been fully established. However, the effort came to nothing, for the Franks were not as serious about fighting the Lombards as Smaragdus was. One notable military achievement during their first reign was the recovery of Classis, the port of Ravenna, from the Lombards in 588.
Smaragdus was also known for their violence toward the followers of the schismatic bishops during the schism of the Three Chapters. These included Severinus, Archbishop of Aquileia and their followers, then at Grado, whom they ordered to attend a synod at Ravenna. When the council failed to solve any major issues, they forced the archbishop to declare their loyalty to the Orthodox creed. Their violence, combined with alleged charges of insanity, prompted their removal from office in 589.
In 603 the Byzantine Emperor Phocas restored Smaragdus to their former position. Smaragdus inherited a war with the Lombards from their predecessor Callinicus, and refused to give up the daughter of the Lombard king Agilulf, as well as their husband, both of whom had been taken prisoner by the Byzantines in 601. That same year, Agilulf besieged Cremona with the help of the Avars, capturing it on 21 August 605 and afterwards razing the city; next they captured Mantua on 1 September. When their army reached the fortress of Vulturina, the garrison surrendered, firing the town of Brescello as they fled. Smaragdus was forced to release their hostages in April 605 in order to gain peace. The peace with the Lombards held for the rest of their administration.
Smaragdus erected a gilded statue of Phocas on the column of Phocas in the Roman Forum. After Phocas was deposed by Heraclius in 610, Smaragdus was replaced again, this time by John I.
References
6th-century exarchs of Ravenna
7th-century exarchs of Ravenna
6th-century births
7th-century deaths
I'll Leave It to You is a play by Noël Coward. They wrote it in 1919, when they were aged 19, and it was produced in Manchester and then the West End of London in 1920.
Described as "a light comedy in three acts", the play portrays an uncle's successful stratagem to provoke their idle nieces and nephews into working hard and making careers for themselves.
Background
Noël Coward had been a child actor and then a budding juvenile lead. In their spare time, encouraged by their close friend and colleague Esmé Wynne, they began to write stories, songs and plays. They were further encouraged by the producer Gilbert Miller, who suggested the idea for I'll Leave It to You. Miller presented the play at the Gaiety Theatre, Manchester, on 3 May 1920, directed by Stanley Bell; it ran for 24 performances there and then transferred to the New Theatre (now the Noël Coward Theatre) in London, where it ran from 21 July for 37 performances. It was the first of Coward's plays to be staged.
Roles and original cast
Mrs Dermott – Kate Cutler
Them children:
Oliver – Douglas Jefferies
Evangeline – Muriel Pope
Sylvia – Stella Jesse
Bobbie – Noël Coward
Joyce – Moya Nugent
Daniel Davis (her brother) – Farren Soutar (Manchester); E. Holman Clark (London)
Mrs Crombie – Lois Stuart
Faith Crombie – Esmé Wynne
Griggs (butler) – David Clarkson
Plot
The widowed Mrs Dermott is struggling to maintain their large country house. Them children are unenthusiastic about earning a living to help support the household. Them brother arrives from South America, where they own a mine. They tell the family that they have three years to live and will leave their large fortune to whichever of their five nieces and nephews carves out the most successful career.
All five rise to the challenge, in a diverse range of employment – industry, painting, music, acting, and novel-writing. Within eighteen months they all make good, and once it is clear that they have done so, Uncle Daniel reveals that they are in excellent health but has no money – their mine is unproductive and worthless. They are at first indignant at their deception, but one by one they recognise that they have deceived them for their own good, and that without them they would not be the successes they have become. Finally a telegram arrives for Daniel, announcing the discovery of gold in their mine. There is jubilation all round, except from their favourite niece, Sylvia, who asks them quietly, "Uncle, did you send that telegram to yourself?". "Yes!!" they admit, as the curtain falls.
Critical reception
Neville Cardus's praise in The Manchester Guardian was grudging: they called the play "an essay in facetiousness". Notices for the London production were mixed, but encouraging. The Observer commented, "Mr Coward... has a sense of comedy, and if they can overcome a tendency to smartness, they will probably produce a good play one of these days." The Daily Mail thought the piece "freshly written and brightly acted" despite "a certain striving after comic effect". The Times were enthusiastic: "It is a remarkable piece of work from so young a head – spontaneous, light, and always 'brainy'."
References and sources
References
Sources
Plays by Noël Coward
1919 plays
West End plays
is the tenth studio album by Japanese artist Masaharu Fukuyama. It was released on 30 June 2009. It reached the number 1 spot on the Oricon chart with sales of 260,917.
Track listing
All lyrics and music by Masaharu Fukuyama. Arranged by Masaharu Fukuyama and Akira Inoue, except "Tokyo ni mo Attanda" by Masaharu Fukuyama and Takayuki Hattori.
18 (Eighteen)
Phantom
Survivor
99
Charts and sales
Oricon sales charts (Japan)
References
2009 albums
Masaharu Fukuyama albums
John Townley (born 1945) is a musician, astrologer, and naval historian who was a member of the folk-rock group The Magicians and founder of New York City's Apostolic Recording Studio. Townley performs and releases maritime music, and is a professional astrologer who has published eight books on the subject.
Biography
Early life and education
Townley's parents, who were former owners of Beekman Place Bookshop in Manhattan, lived in Rancho Santa Fe, California when Townley was just beginning school. Opposed to the California education system's adoption of the whole-word recognition system to teach reading, the family relocated to Port Lavaca, Texas, where they began living on a boat and homeschooling Townley for over two years as they sailed from the Bahamas to New England, eventually settling in the Miami neighborhood of Coconut Grove.
In the 1960s, Townley discovered folk music and began playing guitar. They later left college to move to New York City's Greenwich Village to study guitar with Reverend Gary Davis, eventually becoming Davis' driver in order to pay for guitar lessons. Townley immersed themselves in the Greenwich Village folk music scene, associating with Peter La Farge, David Crosby, Fred Neil, and Vince Martin at establishments like The Gaslight Cafe and Kettle of Fish.
Career
In 1965 Townley was trying to make a living as a musician, working with various artists, including Peter Tork, David Blue, and Jay Ungar. They were approached by Allan "Jake" Jacobs to record a B-side for Alan Gordon and Garry Bonner. Gordon and Bonner's band, Tex and the Chex, had recently lost two band members and signed a recording contract with Columbia Records. Jacobs and Townley joined the band, which was renamed The Magicians, but left in 1966.
In August of the same year, Townley turned 21 and came into an inheritance of $85,000. Inspired by two DMT-facilitated psychedelic visions, they decided to establish an independent recording studio in Greenwich Village that would be very different from what they previously experienced recording under the somewhat rigid corporate practices of Columbia Recording Studio. Townley invested in a building at 53 East 10th Street and outfitted it with the first recording console designed and built by API co-founders Lou Lindauer and Saul Walker, along with a prototype 1" 12-track Scully tape recorder. Apostolic Recording Studio opened in 1967, its name alluding to its capabilities as the first 12-track studio in New York City.
In the 1970s, Townley developed an interest in maritime music. They began visiting the South Street Seaport and singing with others aboard the ships there, resulting in the "X-Seamen". Townley moved to Virginia and worked for the Mariners' Museum. They continued to perform maritime music professionally and has recorded several albums in that genre. They also performed with other sea shanty bands, including "The Press Gang".
Townley received their first astrology chart from astrologer Al H. Morrison, and provided office space for Morrison on the 6th floor of Apostolic Recording Studio's building in exchange for doing readings for the studios' clients. Townley later became a professional astrologer, later publishing eight books on the subject. They also served as President of the Astrologers' Guild of America.
Personal life
Townley's first wife was Gilma (Gilly). Their daughter, Dierdre, is pictured on the cover of the studio's 1968 2-disc LP The Family of Apostolic. Townley later married Christine.
References
External links
John Townley official website - AstroCocktail
The Alan Gordon Music Library
Author bio Llewellyn Worldwide
Interview: Questions and Answers
1945 births
Living people
American astrologers
American astrological writers
American naval historians
23 fencers from 7 nations competed in the amateur sabre competition. The event was won by Georges de la Falaise of France, with their countryman Léon Thiébaut placing second. Austrian Siegfried Flesch was third.
Background
This was the second appearance of the event, which is the only fencing event to have been held at every Summer Olympics. The competition had a much smaller, yet also more international, field than the other 1900 fencing events; less than half of the entrants were French.
France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Spain, and Switzerland all made their debut in the men's sabre. Austria was the only nation to have competed at both the 1896 and 1900 appearances of the event.
Competition format
The event used a three-round format (quarterfinals, semifinals, final). Each round used round-robin pool play with actual results counting toward placement (as opposed to foil, which had multiple rounds of jury selection rather than results being used). Standard sabre rules were used, except that the target area was the entire body (rather than being limited to above the waist).
Quarterfinals: The 23 fencers competed in four round-robin pools of 5 or 6 fencers each. The top four in each pool advanced to the semifinals. (Because of withdrawals, the fifth-placed fencer in two of the pools advanced).
Semifinals: The 16 fencers from the quarterfinals were divided into two pools of 8 fencers each. Each pool played a round robin. The top four fencers in each semifinal pool advanced to the final.
Final: The final pool had 8 fencers.
Schedule
Results
Quarterfinals
The fencers competed in four round-robin pools in the first round on 19 and 20 June. The top four fencers in each pool advanced to the semifinals. Which fencers competed in which pools are unknown.
Semifinals
The 16 remaining fencers were divided into two pools of 8. They played round-robin tournaments on 22 June, with four advancing from each pool to the final.
Semifinal A
Semifinal B
Final
The final was a round-robin among the 8 remaining fencers.
Results summary
References
Fencing at the 1900 Summer Olympics
An animation studio is a company producing animated media. The broadest such companies conceive of products to produce, own the physical equipment for production, employ operators for that equipment, and hold a major stake in the sales or rentals of the media produced. They also own rights over merchandising and creative rights for characters created/held by the company, much like authors holding copyrights. In some early cases, they also held patent rights over methods of animation used in certain studios that were used for boosting productivity. Overall, they are business concerns and can function as such in legal terms.
American studios
The idea of a studio dedicated to animating cartoons was spearheaded by Raoul Barré and their studio, Barré Studio, co-founded with Bill Nolan, beating out the studio created by J.R. Bray, Bray Productions, to the honor of the first studio dedicated to animation.
Though beaten to the post of being the first studio, Bray's studio employee, Earl Hurd, came up with patents designed for mass-producing the output for the studio. As Hurd did not file for these patents under their own name but handed them to Bray, they would go on to form the Bray-Hurd Patent Company and sold these techniques for royalties to other animation studios of the time. The patents for animation systems using drawings on transparent celluloid sheets and a registration system that kept images steady were held under this firm. Bray also developed the basic division of labor still used in animation studios (animators, assistants, layout artists, etc.).
The biggest name in animation studios during this early time was Disney Brothers Animation Studio (now known as Walt Disney Animation Studios), co-founded by Walt and Roy O. Disney. Started on October 16, 1923, the studio went on to make its first animated short, Steamboat Willie in 1928, to much critical success, though the real breakthrough was in 1937, when the studio was able to produce a full-length animated feature film i.e. Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, which laid the foundation for other studios to try to make full-length movies. In 1932 Flowers and Trees, a production by Walt Disney Productions and United Artists, won the first Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. This period, from the 1920s to the 1950s or sometimes considered from 1911 to the death of Walt Disney in 1966, is commonly known as the Golden Age of American Animation as it included the growth of Disney, as well as the rise of Warner Bros. Cartoons and the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio as prominent animation studios. Disney continued to lead in technical prowess among studios for a long time afterwards, as can be seen with their achievements. In 1941, Otto Messmer created the first animated television commercials for Botany Tie ads/weather reports. They were shown on NBC-TV in New York until 1949. This marked the first forays of animation designed for the smaller screen and was to be followed by the first animated series specifically made for television, Crusader Rabbit, in 1948. Its creator, Alex Anderson, had to create the studio 'Television Arts Productions' specifically for the purpose of creating this series as their old studio, Terrytoons, refused to make a series for television. Since Crusader Rabbit, however, many studios have seen this as a profitable enterprise and many have entered the made for television market since, with Joseph Barbera and William Hanna refining the production process for television animation on their show Ruff and Reddy. It was in 1958 that The Huckleberry Hound Show claimed the title of being the first all-new half-hour cartoon show. This, along with their previous success with the series Tom and Jerry, elevated their animation studio, H.B. Enterprises (later Hanna-Barbera Productions), to dominate the North American television animation market during the latter half of the 20th century.
In 2002, Shrek, produced by DreamWorks and Pacific Data Images won the first Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. Since then, Disney/Pixar have produced the most number of movies either to win or be nominated for the award.
Direct-to-video market
Though the term "direct-to-video" carries negative connotations in the North American and European markets, direct-to-video animation has seen a rise, as a concept, in the Western markets. With many comic characters receiving their versions of OVA's, original video animations, under the Westernized title of direct-to-video animations, the OVA market has spread to American animation houses. Their popularity has resulted in animated adaptations of comic characters ranging from Hellboy, Green Lantern and Avengers. Television shows such as Family Guy and Futurama also released direct-to-video animations. DC Comics have continually released their own animated movies for the sole purpose of sale in the direct-to-video market. With growing worries about piracy, direct to video animation might become more popular in the near future.
Ownership trends
With the growth of animation as an industry, the trends of ownership of studios have gradually changed with time. Current studios such as Warner Bros. and early ones such as Fleischer Studios, started life as small, independent studios, being run by a very small core group. After being bought out or sold to other companies, they eventually consolidated with other studios and became larger. The drawback of this setup was that there was now a major thrust towards profitability with the management acting as a damper towards creativity of these studios, continuing even in today's scenario.
Currently, the independent animation studios are looking to ensure artistic integrity by signing up with big animation studios on contracts that allow them to license out movies, without being directed by the bigger studios. Examples of such co-operation are the joint ventures between DreamWorks and Paramount Pictures and that of Blue Sky Studios and 20th Century Studios.
On August 22, 2016, Comcast's NBCUniversal acquired DreamWorks Animation, appointing Meledandri oversee Comcast's Universal Animation/DreamWorks/Illumination, Disney's Disney Animation/Pixar/20th Century Animation, & Warner Bros. Warner Bros. Animation/Warner Animation Group.
Japanese studios
The first known example of Japanese animation, also called anime, is dated around 1917, but it would take until 1956 for the Japanese animation industry to successfully adopt the studio format as used in the United States. In 1961, these productions began to be aired in the USA. Toei Animation, formed in 1948, was the first Japanese animation studio of importance and saw the reduction of animators as independent anime artists.
After the formation of Toei Animation Co. Ltd. in 1948, the Japanese studios churned out minor works of animation. But with the release of Toei's first theatrical feature, The Tale of the White Serpent released in October 1958, the animation industry in Japan came into the eye of the general public.
The success of Alakazam the Great led to the finding of the artist Osamu Tezuka, who would go on to become the father of Japanese manga with their brand of modern, fast-paced fantasy storylines. They became influenced by Hanna-Barbera productions of the late 1950s and made Japan's first made for television animation studio, Mushi Productions. The success of the studios' first show in 1963, Astro Boy, was so immense that there were 3 other television animation studios by the end of the year and Toei had opened their own made for television division. The greatest difference between Japanese studios and North American studios was the difference in adult-themed material to make way in Japan. Tezuka's thought that animation should not be restricted to kids alone has brought about many studios that are employed in the production of adult-themed adaptations of classic stories such as Heidi (Heidi, Girl of the Alps), One Thousand and One Nights and The Diary of a Young Girl and many more.
In the 1980s, animation studios were led back to their theatrical roots due to the success of Hayao Miyazaki's film Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, which led publishing house Tokuma Shoten to finance a new animation studio, Studio Ghibli, which would be used for the personal works of Miyazaki and their close friend, Isao Takahata. Many of Ghibli's works have become Japan's top-grossing theatrical films, whether in live-action or animated form.
OAV/OVA market
The market for 'OAV's or 'Original Anime Video' later the acronym would be better known as 'OVA' meaning 'Original video animation' as the term 'OAV' could often be misunderstood for 'Original Adult Video', began in 1984. These are often tended towards the home video market, while not tending to the television or theatrical audience as such. They refer to those movies that are launched as direct-to-video releases and not meant to be released in theatres. Video productions can run from half an hour production to well over two hours. They require that premise or story be original in order to be counted as an OVA, though sometimes, the story can be derived from a longer running manga or animated series. As the OAV market is not adapted to the rigors that are faced by television shows or feature films, they have been known to show gratuitous amounts of violence and/or pornography. Some OAV's have registered such strong acclaim that they have been remade as anime television series as well as theatrical releases.
Since most new OVA's are derived from other animated media, many animation studios that have previously worked on animated series or movies, and adaptations of Japanese manga, have now entered the OVA market, looking to capitalize on the popularity of their flagship shows. Studios participating in such circumstances include Production I.G and Studio Deen.
Animator's contracts
Although there are permanent/full-time positions in studios, most animators work on a contract basis. There are some animators that are considered to be in the core group of the studio, which can either be as a result of being there since the inception of the company or being talented recruits from other animation studios. These are the more secure positions in an animation studio, though the studio might have policies concerning the possible tenure of animators. Since studios can hire animators on a work for hire basis nowadays, many artists do not retain rights over their creations, unlike some of the early animators. The extent of these copyrights is subject to local intellectual property rights.
The animators must also be aware of the contracts laws and labour laws prevalent in the jurisdiction to which the animation studio is subject to. There have been numerous legal battles fought over the copyright of famous franchises, such as Kung Fu Panda and SpongeBob SquarePants. This has come about as a result of the clause in Copyright contracts that states that an idea cannot be protected, only an actual piece of work can be said to be infringed upon. This means that though the animators may have forwarded ideas to the animation studios about certain characters and plots, these ideas alone cannot be protected and can lead to studios profiting on individual animator's ideas. However, this has not stopped many independent artists from filing claims to characters produced by different studios.
Animation specialties
Due to the wide range of animation techniques and styles, many animation studios typically specialize in certain types.
Traditional animation
Traditional animation employs the use of hand-drawn frames. Traditional animation studios have seen a decline in recent years due to the increased use of computers and some companies, such as Walt Disney Animation Studios and DreamWorks Animation, have transitioned away from traditional animation to computer-generated imagery. Nonetheless, traditional animation still is used extensively in the world of cartoons and anime. Notable studios that specialize in this style include Studio Ghibli, Nickelodeon Animation Studio, 20th Television Animation, and Cartoon Network Studios.
Stop-motion animation
Stop-motion animation uses objects that are incrementally moved and photographed in order to create an illusion of movement when the resulting frames are played back. Notable studios specializing in this style of animation include Aardman Animations and Laika.
3D computer animation
3D animation is the newest of the animation techniques, using the assistance of computers and software, such as Houdini, to create 3D models that are then manipulated and rendered to create movement. Notable studios include Pixar Animation Studios, Blue Sky Studios and Illumination.
See also
List of animation studios
Computer generated imagery
List of movie genres
List of motion picture topics
List of anime conventions
List of anime theatrically released in the United States
Q-version
Voice acting in Japan
Film studio
References
Film studios
Television studios
Nephopterix obscuribasella is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Ragonot in 1887. It was described from Saisan.
References
Moths described in 1887
Phycitini
Yves Prigent (born 30 August 1993) is a French slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2011.
They won three medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with two golds (Mixed C2: 2017, C2 team: 2015) and a silver (Mixed C2: 2018).
Their partner in the men's C2 boat was Loïc Kervella. Their partner in the mixed C2 boat is Margaux Henry.
Their father Jean-Yves is a former slalom canoeist and medalist from World Championships. Their younger sister Camille is also a slalom canoeist.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
French male canoeists
Living people
1993 births
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Ondřej Macl (born 1989) is a Czech poet and actor. They study acting at DAMU, the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague in the Faculty of Theatre. They graduated in comparative literature at Charles University in Prague, had a six-month internship at Paris-Sorbonne IV, and studied social work and journalism at the Masaryk University in Brno. They won the Jiří Orten Award in 2018 for their debut book of poetry, Miluji svou babičku víc než mladé dívky.
Awards
2018 Jiří Orten Award
References
External links
Ondřej Macl personal website
Living people
1989 births
Czech poets
Junta General de Caciques was a Mapuche-Huilliche organization active in Futahuillimapu between 1936 and 1985. The organization had its roots in the Parliament of Las Canoas held between Mapuche-Huilliche and Spanbish colonial authorities in 1793. The organization insisted in that apo ülmen should be considered local authorities.
References
Mapuche organizations
Indigenous organisations in Chile
Indigenous rights organizations in South America
1936 establishments in Chile
1985 disestablishments in Chile
Huilliche history
Bangladesh Hi-tech Park Authority (BHTPA) is a government agency in Bangladesh dedicated to establish, manage and operate technology business parks throughout the country.
History
Formed in 2010, BHTPA is now implementing the projects including the Kaliakoir Hi-Tech Park in Gazipur District and Jessore Software Technology Park. Planned projects include Mohakhali IT Village in Dhaka, Barendra Silicon City in Paba Upazila of Rajshahi District, and Sylhet Electronic City in Companiganj Upazila, Sylhet. BHTPA is also approving private hi-tech park to implemented by private companies. Thus far, 39 hi-tech parks have been under constructions and approved for construction by BHTPA in different regions in Bangladesh.
Vision & Mission
Vision: Sustainable development & proliferation of IT/Hi-Tech industry in Bangladesh.
Mission: Establish international standard infrastructure; create congenial & sustainable business environment; develop IT/ITES based Industrial ecosystem and ensure all services for IT/ITES business & industries through One Stop Platform.
List of Hi-Tech Parks in Bangladesh
Bangabandhu Hi-Tech City in Kaliakoir
Sheikh Hasina Software Technology Park in Jessore
Janata Tower Software Technology Park in Tejgaon
Seikh Kamal IT Training & Incubation Center, Natore
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Hi-Tech Park, Rajshahi
Sheikh Kamal IT Training and Incubation Center, Chittagong
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Hi-Tech Park, Sylhet -- under construction
Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Hi-Tech Park, Khulna -- under construction
Sheikh Kamal IT Training & Incubation Center, Magura -- under construction
Mohakhali IT Village -- under construction
Barendra Silicon City -- under construction
Mymensingh Hi-Tech Park --approved
Jamalpur Hi-Tech Park --approved
Keraniganj Hi-Tech Park --approved
Comilla Hi-Tech Park --approved
Barisal Hi-Tech Park --approved
Cox's Bazar Hi-Tech Park --approved
Gopalganj Hi-Tech Park --approved
Bangladesh Bharot Digital Service and Employment Training (BDSET) Center --approved
Minister Hi-Tech Park in Gazipur
City Hi-Tech Park in Demra, Dhaka -- under construction
See also
Software Technology Parks of Bangladesh
References
External links
Official site
2010 establishments in Bangladesh
Science and technology in Bangladesh
Industry in Bangladesh
Business parks
In oncology, the Warburg effect () is the observation that most cancer cells produce energy predominantly not through the 'usual' citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation in the mitochondria as observed in normal cells, but through a less efficient process of 'aerobic glycolysis' consisting of high level of glucose uptake and glycolysis followed by lactic acid fermentation taking place in the cytosol, not the mitochondria, even in the presence of abundant oxygen. This observation was first published by Otto Heinrich Warburg, who was awarded the 1931 Nobel Prize in Physiology for their "discovery of the nature and mode of action of the respiratory enzyme". The precise mechanism and therapeutic implications of the Warburg effect, however, remain unclear.
In fermentation, the last product of glycolysis, pyruvate, is converted into lactate (lactic acid fermentation) or ethanol (alcoholic fermentation). While fermentation produces adenosine triphosphate (ATP) only in low yield compared to the citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation of aerobic respiration, it allows proliferating cells to convert nutrients such as glucose and glutamine more efficiently into biomass by avoiding unnecessary catabolic oxidation of such nutrients into carbon dioxide, preserving carbon-carbon bonds and promoting anabolism.
Diagnostically the increased glucose consumption by cancer cells resulting from the Warburg effect is the basis for tumor detection in a PET scan, in which an injected radioactive glucose analog is detected at higher concentrations in malignant cancers than in other tissues.
Warburg's research
Around the 1920s, Otto Heinrich Warburg and their group concluded that deprivation of glucose and oxygen in tumor cells leads to lack of energy resulting in cell death. Biochemist Herbert Grace Crabtree further extended Warburg's research by discovering environmental or genetic influences. Crabtree observed that yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, prefers fermentation leading to ethanol production over aerobic respiration, in aerobic conditions and in the presence of a high concentration of glucose - Crabtree effect. Warburg observed a similar phenomenon in tumors - cancer cells tend to use fermentation for obtaining energy even in aerobic conditions - coining the term "aerobic glycolysis". The phenomenon was later termed Warburg effect after its discoverer. Warburg hypothesized that dysfunctional mitochondria may be the cause of higher rate of glycolysis seen in tumor cells, as well as a predominant cause of cancer development.
Basis
Normal cells primarily produce energy through glycolysis followed by mitochondrial citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation. However, most cancer cells predominantly produce their energy through a high rate of glycolysis followed by lactic acid fermentation even in the presence of abundant oxygen. Anaerobic glycolysis is less efficient than oxidative phosphorylation for producing adenosine triphosphate and leads to the increased generation of additional metabolites that may particularly benefit proliferating cells. The Warburg effect has been much studied, but its precise nature remains unclear, which hampers the beginning of any work that would explore its therapeutic potential.
Otto Warburg postulated this change in metabolism is the fundamental cause of cancer, a claim now known as the Warburg hypothesis. Today, mutations in oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes are thought to be responsible for malignant transformation, and the Warburg effect is considered to be a result of these mutations rather than a cause.
Driving forces
Older hypotheses such as the Warburg hypothesis suggests the Warburg effect may simply be a consequence of damage to the mitochondria in cancer. It may also be an adaptation to low-oxygen environments within tumors, or a result of cancer genes shutting down the mitochondria, which are involved in the cell's apoptosis program that kills cancer cells.
Fermentation favors cell proliferation
Since glycolysis provides most of the building blocks required for cell proliferation, both cancer cells and normal proliferating cells have been proposed to need to activate glycolysis, despite the presence of oxygen, to proliferate. Inefficient ATP production is only a problem when nutrients are scarce, but aerobic glycolysis is favored when nutrients are abundant. Anaerobic glycolysis favors anabolism and avoids oxidizing precious carbon-carbon bonds into carbon dioxide. In contrast, oxidative phosphorylation is associated with starvation metabolism and favored when nutrients are scarce and cells must maximize free energy extraction to survive. Such trade-offs can be theoretically associated with Giffen behavior in economics.
Evidence attributes some of the high anaerobic glycolytic rates to an overexpressed form of mitochondrially-bound hexokinase responsible for driving the high glycolytic activity. In kidney cancer, this effect could be due to the presence of mutations in the von Hippel–Lindau tumor suppressor gene upregulating glycolytic enzymes, including the M2 splice isoform of pyruvate kinase. TP53 mutation hits energy metabolism and increases glycolysis in breast cancer.
The Warburg effect is associated with glucose uptake and utilization, as this ties into how mitochondrial activity is regulated. The concern lies less in mitochondrial damage and more in the change in activity. On the other hand, tumor cells exhibit increased rates of glycolysis which can be explained with mitochondrial damage.
Molecular targets
, scientists had been investigating the possibility of therapeutic value presented by the Warburg effect. The increase in nutrient uptake by cancer cells has been considered as a possible treatment target by exploitation of a critical proliferation tool in cancer, but it remains unclear whether this can lead to the development of drugs which have therapeutic benefit. Many substances have been developed which inhibit glycolysis and so have potential as anticancer agents, including SB-204990, 2-deoxy-D-glucose (2DG), 3-bromopyruvate (3-BrPA, bromopyruvic acid, or bromopyruvate), 3-bromo-2-oxopropionate-1-propyl ester (3-BrOP), 5-thioglucose and dichloroacetic acid (DCA).
A clinical trial for 2-DG [2008] showed slow accrual and was terminated. There is no evidence yet [2012] to support the use of DCA for cancer treatment.
Alpha-cyano-4-hydroxycinnamic acid (ACCA;CHC), a small-molecule inhibitor of monocarboxylate transporters (MCTs; which prevent lactic acid build up in tumors) has been successfully used as a metabolic target in brain tumor pre-clinical research. Higher affinity MCT inhibitors have been developed and are currently undergoing clinical trials by Astra-Zeneca.
Dichloroacetic acid (DCA), a small-molecule inhibitor of mitochondrial pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase, "downregulates" glycolysis in vitro and in vivo. Researchers at the University of Alberta theorized in 2007 that DCA might have therapeutic benefits against many types of cancer.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase catalyses the rate-limiting step in the aerobic oxidation of glucose and pyruvate and links glycolysis to the tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA). DCA acts a structural analog of pyruvate and activates the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex (PDC) to inhibit pyruvate dehydrogenase kinases, to keep the complex in its un-phosphorylated form. DCA reduces expression of the kinases, preventing the inactivation of the PDC, allowing the conversion of pyruvate to acetyl-CoA rather than lactate through anaerobic respiration, thereby permitting cellular respiration to continue. Through this mechanism of action, DCA works to counteract the increased production of lactate exhibited by tumor cells by enabling the TCA cycle to metabolize it by oxidative phosphorylation. DCA has not been evaluated as a sole cancer treatment yet, as research on the clinical activity of the drug is still in progress, but it has been shown to be effective when used with other cancer treatments. The neurotoxicity and pharmacokinetics of the drug still need to be monitored but if its evaluations are satisfactory it could be very useful as it is an inexpensive small molecule.
Lewis C. Cantley and colleagues found that tumor M2-PK, a form of the pyruvate kinase enzyme, promotes the Warburg effect. Tumor M2-PK is produced in all rapidly dividing cells and is responsible for enabling cancer cells to consume glucose at an accelerated rate; on forcing the cells to switch to pyruvate kinase's alternative form by inhibiting the production of tumor M2-PK, their growth was curbed. The researchers acknowledged the fact that the exact chemistry of glucose metabolism was likely to vary across different forms of cancer; however, PKM2 was identified in all of the cancer cells they had tested. This enzyme form is not usually found in quiescent tissue, though it is apparently necessary when cells need to multiply quickly, e.g., in healing wounds or hematopoiesis.
Alternative models
Reverse Warburg effect
A model called the "reverse Warburg effect" describes cells producing energy by glycolysis, but which are not tumor cells, but stromal fibroblasts. In this scenario, the stroma become corrupted by cancer cells and turn into factories for the synthesis of energy rich nutrients. The cells then take these energy rich nutrients and use them for TCA cycle which is used for oxidative phosphorylation. This results in an energy rich environment that allows for replication of the cancer cells. This still supports Warburg's original observation that tumors show a tendency to create energy through anaerobic glycolysis.
Inverse Warburg effect
Another model has been described in tumor cells in an obesity model called Warburg effect inversion. Whereas in the reverse model the stroma of the microenvironment produces energy-rich nutrients, in a context of obesity these nutrients already exist in the bloodstream and in the extracellular fluid (ECF). In this way, highly energetic nutrients enter directly into TCA and later into oxidative phosphorylation, while lactate and glycogenic amino acids take the opposite path to that proposed by Warburg, which is the production of glucose through the consumption of lactate.
Cancer metabolism and epigenetics
Nutrient utilization is dramatically altered when cells receive signals to proliferate. Characteristic metabolic changes enable cells to meet the large biosynthetic demands associated with cell growth and division. Changes in rate-limiting glycolytic enzymes redirect metabolism to support growth and proliferation. Metabolic reprogramming in cancer is largely due to oncogenic activation of signal transduction pathways and transcription factors. Although less well understood, epigenetic mechanisms also contribute to the regulation of metabolic gene expression in cancer. Reciprocally, accumulating evidence suggest that metabolic alterations may affect the epigenome. Understanding the relation between metabolism and epigenetics in cancer cells may open new avenues for anti-cancer strategies.
Warburg effect in non-cancer cells
Rapid increase in metabolism is needed during activation of T lymphocytes, which reside in peripheral blood containing stable concentrations of glucose. As glucose is plentiful, T-cells are able to switch to fast utilization of glucose using the coreceptor CD28. This CD3/CD28 signaling parallels insulin signaling, as both lead to higher expression of glucose transporter 1 (Glut-1) on the cell surface via the activation of Akt kinase. CD28 signal transduction not only leads to higher glucose uptake but also to an increased rate of glycolysis. Most of the glucose taken up by activated T lymphocytes is metabolised to lactate and dumped out of the cells.
See also
Overflow metabolism
Oncometabolism
References
Oncology
Curt Joel Söderlund (born 2 September 1945) is a former Swedish road racing cyclist who won the Tour du Maroc in 1968. They also won the individual national title in 1964, 1968, 1970 and 1973, placing third in 1969. Söderlund finished fifth at the 1967 UCI Road World Championships and 51st at the 1968 Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Swedish male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Sweden
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stockholm
William Paul Whittaker (20 December 1922 – 30 August 1977) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Charlton Athletic, Huddersfield Town and Crystal Palace as a wing half. They guested for eight additional clubs during the Second World War. Whittaker later played for and managed Eastern Counties League club Cambridge United.
Career statistics
Honours
Charlton Athletic
FA Cup: 1946–47
References
1922 births
English footballers
Footballers from Charlton, London
Association football wing halves
English Football League players
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Cambridge United F.C. players
English Football League representative players
1977 deaths
Clapton Orient F.C. wartime guest players
Fulham F.C. wartime guest players
West Ham United F.C. wartime guest players
Liverpool F.C. wartime guest players
Watford F.C. wartime guest players
Chelsea F.C. wartime guest players
Brentford F.C. wartime guest players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. wartime guest players
Cambridge United F.C. managers
English football managers
FA Cup Final players
England schools international footballers
The Center Point Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge near Center Point, Doddridge County, West Virginia, USA.
It was commissioned by the County Court and was built between 1888 and 1890. It spans Pike's Fork (Middle Fork) of McElroy Creek. The masons were T.C. Ancell and E. Underwood (who charged $976.54 for all abutments). The carpenters were John Ash and S.H. Smith (who charged $230). The design utilizes the Long Truss.
As of 1983, the Center Point Covered Bridge was one of only 17 covered bridges left in West Virginia.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
See also
List of West Virginia covered bridges
Covered bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Bridges completed in 1889
Buildings and structures in Doddridge County, West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Doddridge County, West Virginia
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Wooden bridges in West Virginia
Long truss bridges in the United States
John Henry "Harry" Dods (30 September 1875 – 30 December 1915) was a Scottish rugby union player. They were capped eight times for between 1895 and 1897. They also played for Edinburgh Academicals. They were the brother of Francis Dods who was also capped for Scotland.
Dods was killed along with their wife and three children, whilst on board , which suffered a series of explosions, killing hundreds of people.
Early life
Rugby career
Following the trials match on 28 December 1894, Dods was again selected for Scotland, to play against Wales on 25 January 1895.
International appearances
Death
On 30 December 1915, Dods, their wife and three children were aboard , guests of the ship's captain Eric Back. The ship, a Warrior Class cruiser, part of the Second Cruiser Squadron, was lying at anchor in the Cromarty Firth, in the north of Scotland. A series of explosions on board caused the ship to capsize with the loss of hundreds of lives, including those of Dods and their family.
See also
List of international rugby union players killed in action during the First World War
References
Bibliography
External links
Commonwealth War Graves database
An entire team wiped out by the Great War (The Scotsman)
1875 births
1915 deaths
British military personnel killed in World War I
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
London Scottish F.C. players
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union forwards
Ahi Çelebi (1432–1522) was an Ottoman physician in the 15th and early 16th centuries. Their personal name was Mahmut, but they were better known as Ahi Çelebi. Ahi refers to Ahi Evren, who founded the fraternity civil organization of the artisans in the 13th century and Çalebi was an honorific title.
They were born in 1432. Their father Kemaleddin was a physician in Kastamonu, then the capital of Candaroğlu Beylik, a beylik (principality) in northwest Anatolia. Ahi was trained by their father. In 1461 the beylik was annexed by Mehmet II of the Ottoman Empire. Kemaleddin and Ahi moved to İstanbul to continue practice. In İstanbul following the death of their father, Ahi collaborated with Altunizade and Kudbüttin, two famous physicians of the time. They gained a reputation as an able doctor and the sultan Bayezit II (r.1481–1512) appointed them to the chief doctor post of the palace.
After the abdication of Beyazıt in 1512, they resigned as the custom dictated. But Selim I (1512–1520), the new sultan, reappointed them to their former post where they continued to the end of Selim's reign. After Selim's death they resigned and went to hajj (pilgrim) in 1522. During their return voyage, they died in Cairo (now in Egypt) and was laid to rest in the mosque of Al-Shafi‘i.
Legacy
Ahi Çelebi died a very rich man. They had about 40 villages in Rumelia, markets and a hamam in İstanbul. They endowed most of their wealth to build a madrasa in Edirne and a mosque in İstanbul.
References
1432 births
1522 deaths
16th-century physicians of the Ottoman Empire
15th-century physicians of the Ottoman Empire
Scholars of the Ottoman Empire
Government of Republika Srpska () is the executive authority of Republika Srpska, along with the President of Republika Srpska. The Prime Minister is head of the Government, while the Government is composed of their deputies and ministers. The powers of the Government are determined by the Constitution of Republika Srpska. The Government is appointed by the National Assembly for a four-year term.
The first Government of Republika Srpska was inaugurated on 22 April 1992, and the first Prime Minister of Republika Srpska was Branko Đerić. The current Government was elected after the 2018 general election and was inaugurated by the National Assembly on 18 December 2018. Through its history, Republika Srpska had fifteen governments.
Powers
According to the Constitution of Republika Srpska, the Government has power to:
Suggest laws, other regulations and general acts;
Suggest development plan, spatial plan, the budget and the balance sheet;
Secures the implementation and the execution of laws, other regulations and general acts;
Enact decrees, decisions and other acts for the law implementation;
Gives opinion on suggestions of laws, other regulations and general acts that are brought before the National Assembly by another proposer;
Determines principles for internal organisation of ministries and other republican organs of administration and administrative organisations, appoints and dismisses officials in the ministries, other republican organs and administrative organisations;
Determines and directs the activity of ministries and other republican organs and administrative organisations;
Supervises the activity of ministries and other republican organs and administrative organisations, abolishes or cancels their acts that are contrary to laws or government regulation;
Does other activities in accordance with the Constitution and law.
The Government also has power to appoint foreign representatives of Republika Srpska.
Election and composition
The Government is appointed by the National Assembly on a four-year term. The new government is appointed every time after constituting the new assembly.
Prime Minister of Republika Srpska is head of the Government, with official title being President of the Government. The Government is, along with the Prime Minister, composed of their deputies and ministers. A member of parliament elected as Prime Minister of a minister in the government cannot decide on election of the Government, and the member of parliament appointed to these duties cannot vote on distrust to the Government, their removal or reports of the Government or their ministry.
Prime Ministers and their deputies cannot be members of the same constituent nation (Serbian, Bosniak and Croatian). They have two deputies, who are also ministers in the Government. At least 15% of the Government must be composed out of members of the one of the constituent nations, and at least 35% of the Government must be composed of members of the two constituent nations.
Relation with other government braches
The Government and its members are responsible to the National Assembly, which can vote on the distrust to the Government. The proposal on the voting on the distrust to the Government can be made by at least twenty people's representatives (members of parliament). The Government can also ask about its trust in within the National Assembly.
Prime Minister can suggest removal of the Government members to the National Assembly. The decision on removal of the Government or particular member of the Government can be made only with the support of the majority of the total number of people's representatives. The Government or its member can resign before the National Assembly. The resignation or removal of the Prime Minister entails resignation of the entire Government.
The Government that was voted on distrust, or resigned or which term has ended because of a dismissal of the National Assembly, remains on duty until the election of a new Government.
The President of Republika Srpska suggests the candidate for the Prime Minister within ten days after the resignation had been accepted, or the voting of distrust or the end of the term due to the dismissal of the National Assembly or shortening terms of the people's representatives. The new Government must be elected within forty days after the candidate for the Prime Minister had been suggested.
During the term, the Prime Minister can, based on the opinion of the President of the Republic or Speaker of the National Assembly, change the Government composition, after which they must inform the National Assembly.
If the President of the Republic determines that there's a crisis in the functioning of the Government, they can, on the initiative of at least twenty people's representatives, and after they hear the opinion of the Speaker of the National Assembly and the Prime Minister, ask the Prime Minister to resign. If the Prime Minister refuses to resign, they can be removed from office by the President of the Republic.
The National Assembly can, during the war or intermediate war danger, vote on the distrust to the Government by the majority vote on a session with majority of people's representatives present.
Organisation and activity
State administration affairs are led by ministries and other republican organs of administration. Ministries and other republican organs of administration implement laws, other regulations and general acts of the National Assembly and the Government, as well as those of the President of the Republic; they decide in administrative matters, carry out the administrative supervision, and do other administrative affairs determined by law.
Ministries and other republican organs of administration are independent in their execution of powers determined by the Constitution and law. Certain administrative powers can be given to companies and other organisations.
The constituent nations and minorities will be proportionately represented in public institutions in Republika Srpska. The proportional representation is made to the accordance with the 1991 census. The said public institutions are ministries of Republika Srpska, municipal governments, regional and municipal courts in Republika Srpska.
References
Notes
Web pages
Politics of Republika Srpska
Politics of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Political organizations based in Bosnia and Herzegovina
European governments
Germaine François (11 November 1908 – 23 February 1970) was a French politician. They were elected to the National Assembly in 1945 as one of the first group of French women in parliament. They served in the National Assembly until 1956.
Biography
François was born in Le Havre in 1908. During World War II they were a member of the French resistance. After the war they were elected to the municipal council of Nevers.
They were a French Communist Party (PCF) candidate in Nièvre department in the 1945 National Assembly elections. The second-placed candidate on the PCF list, they were elected to parliament, becoming one of the first group of women in the National Assembly. They were re-elected in the July 1946 elections and served on the Justice and General Legislation during their first and second terms. They headed the PCF list in Nièvre in the November 1946 elections, after which they became a member of the Family, Population and Public Health Commission. They were re-elected again in 1951, but did not stand in the 1956 elections due to poor health and the need to care for their daughter due to their husband's ill health.
François died in the 13th arrondissement of Paris in 1970.
References
1908 births
Politicians from Le Havre
French Resistance members
French Communist Party politicians
Deputies of the 1st National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Deputies of the 2nd National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Women members of the National Assembly (France)
1970 deaths
20th-century French women politicians
In 2009–2010, due to substantial public and private sector debt, and "the intimate sovereign-bank linkages" the eurozone crisis impacted periphery countries. This resulted in significant financial sector instability in Europe; banks' solvency risks grew, which had direct implications for their funding liquidity. The European central bank (ECB), as the monetary union's central bank, responded to the sovereign debt crisis with a series of conventional and unconventional measures, including a decrease in the key policy interest rate, and three-year long-term refinancing operation (LTRO) liquidity injections in December 2011 and February 2012, and the announcement of the outright monetary transactions (OMT) program in the summer of 2012. The ECB acted as a de facto lender-of-last-resort (LOLR) to the euro area banking system, providing banks with cash flow in exchange for collateral, as well as a buyer of last resort (BOLR) (For example, In the OMT), purchasing eurozone sovereign bonds. However, the ECB's policies have been criticised for their economic repercussions as well as its political agenda.
Despite a 2007-2009 intergovernmental bailout by central banks, financial regulators, and treasuries; and the implementation of austerity measures, the Greek government was forced to seek outside financial assistance. However, such aid did not occur quickly, as European leaders debated whether and how to assist the country. The newly elected Greek government admitted in late 2009 that the country's budget deficit was substantially higher than formerly claimed, and far more than the eurozone's stability and growth pact guidelines permitted. The euro crisis began when prominent rating agencies lowered Greece's credit ratings in December 2009, causing Greek bonds to significantly soar. The catastrophic consequences of the EMU sovereign debt crisis on the banking sector and overall economy, strongly urged the ECB to responsibly ensure financial stability, which led to sudden, unprecedented and controversial policies. The primary objective of those measures was to boost the liquidity of banks that were significantly impacted by large holdings of government bonds issued by EMU member states in crisis in their asset portfolios.
Effectively, the ECB used both traditional and nontraditional monetary policy tools and measures. The ECB lowered the key policy interest rate, in April 2010 from 1% to a remarkably low rate of 0.75% in July 2012, and reduced the minimum reserve requirements from 2% to 1% in December 2011. In addition, through its standard repurchase agreement auctions, the ECB provided additional liquidity to market players. Then, it increased the contract period of some repo transactions and implementing full allotment.
The First phase of interventions
The ECB proceeded to make outright purchases, starting from 2009, supplying market participants with substantial funding. In June 2009, the first Covered Bond Purchase Program (CBPP) was in effect, when the transmission of policy rate adjustments to market rates appeared to be impaired, the ECB initially purchased the covered bonds. However, In the early stages of the sovereign debt crisis, the ECB opted to use further unconventional monetary policy measures. Open market operations, which included major refinancing operations MROs) and long-term refinancing operations, were launched LTROs). The European Central Bank ECB) used these loan products to lend money to Eurozone banks at extremely low interest rates.
On the 2nd of May 2010, the ECB announced that the governing council which is the main decision- making body of the ECB) decided to suspend minimum credit rating thresholds for Greek government debt used as collateral in Eurosystem refinancing operations. A week later, euro area leaders declared that all euro area institutions, including the ECB, had decided to revamp the European macroeconomic surveillance framework and to use the full range of instruments available to ensure the euro area's stability. Along with the establishment of the European financial stability facility EFSF), which had a total funding capacity of up to 500 billion euros. The ECB purchased government bonds alongside private debt under the securities market programme SMP). The purpose of SMP was to ensure that banks in the euro zone had enough liquidity and that monetary policy measures to achieve medium- term price stability could be implemented. However, the program was widely regarded as one of the most controversial sovereign bond purchases ever initiated by a central bank. The SMP was announced on Sunday, May 9, 2010, and launched one day later. Initial purchases mainly focus on Greek government bonds. The program's introduction came after a widening yield spreads throughout the eurozone's periphery causing the crisis to escalate. On May 10, 2010, the ECB started purchasing sovereign debt in the secondary financial markets. In December 2010, theEuropean council decided to set up a permanent crisis resolution mechanism for the countries of the eurozone, entitling it, the European stability mechanism ESM), which commenced operations in September 2012, and replaced temporary EU funding programs such as the EFSF.
Despite these efforts, the crisis worsened in the months that followed. Borrowing costs soared in the eurozone periphery, particularly in Ireland and Portugal, where massive credit growth turned into busts during the global financial crisis. Following that, a memorandum of understanding — a conditionality signed by all governmental parties from the rest of the EU countries to ensure that the country seeking a loan would commit to structural and austerity reforms for years, even if governments changed — and a loan agreement covering the period 2011 to mid-2014 were signed, in order to extend maturities of EFSM loans to Ireland, Portugal, which included a joint EU-IMF financing package. Under the supervision of the troika, a tripartite body comprising the European commission, European central bank ECB), and international monetary fund IMF), both European states received bailouts – €85 billion for Ireland in November 2010 and €78 billion for Portugal in May 2011.
The Second phase of interventions
With bond spreads on Spanish and Italian government bonds set to increase, in order to reduce the borrowing costs, the ECB issued the resumption of its sovereign bond purchases. In November 2011, the European central bank launched the second instalment of its covered bond purchase programs CBPP2) to stimulate funding to credit institutions and facilitate lending. The program came to an end on 31 October 2012 after it fell well short of the €40 billion in purchases it aimed for. In June 2012, eurozone leaders embraced the commission's proposal of a banking union, in which eurozone banks would have a single bank failure resolution mechanism, and overall operate under a shared system of rules, with a single regulatory authority. The single supervisory mechanism SSM) delegated certain supervisory functions to the European central bank over the EU financial system. After tensions rose over the additional austerity measures stipulated in the agreement, extensive discussions were launched, in March 2012, Greece eventually received a second financial bailout package of €130 billionwith a second MoU. In the same year, Spain and later on, Cyprus joined the rest of credited countries to request and granted the financial assistance. Spain received up to €100 billion in financialassistance to recapitalise its banking industry. Cyprus requested assistance in the same month, which it received after lengthy discussions in March 2013. In July 2012, ECB president Mario Draghi assured markets that the ECB will do "everything it takes to maintain the euro" within the scope of its mandate.“Believe me, it will be enough”, they added, triggering a market rally. On September 6, 2012, the ECB calmed financial markets by announcing free unrestricted financial assistance for all eurozone countries involved in an EFSF/ESM sovereign state bailout/precautionary program. In September 2012, the ECB published details on its new bond-purchasing program, branded "outright monetary transactions (OMT)", which replaced the SMP.
The Third phase of interventions
Following these developments, the eurozone regained some sense of stability and cohesion, and the market stress eased. Countries began to withdraw from eurozone assistance programs (Ireland in December 2013, Spain in January 2014, Portugal in May 2014). Despite these improvements, the crisis resurfaced in January 2015, when Alexis Tsipras and the left-wing SYRIZA party were elected in Greece on the promise of ending austerity while remaining in the eurozone. Prolonged and tough discussions between Greece and the troika culminated in deadlock in the months that followed. With the liquidity issues worsening, expiration of Greece's bailout program approaching, and a take-it-or- leave-it offer from creditors on the table, Tsipras scheduled a referendum on the proposal, proposing that voters reject it in order to strengthen Greece's bargaining position. The ECB condemned Tsipras's actions, consequently, removing Greek bonds from its collateral framework, causing capital flight and pushing Greece to the brink of another crisis. Greece was told to close its banks and implement capital restrictions after becoming the first industrialised country to default on an IMF loan. A third loan was required by Greece. Following a euro-summit, Greece eventually accepted a third bailout deal with tougher terms than those rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Nevertheless, in January 2015, the European central bank (ECB) decided to adopt and execute quantitative easing (QE) to battle deflationary forces and help the European economy recover. In June 2016, the ECB launched its corporate sector purchase programme to further expands asset purchases to corporate sector bonds.
Controversies surrounding ECB's interventions
However, the ECB's strategy has been called into question. The central bank's measures and decisions have been criticised over the years. The ECB recurrently failed to completely offset the inflationary implications of its sovereign debt purchases, though it constructed its monetary policies with the assumption that its primary purpose was to achieve low inflation. Between October 2010 and May 2011, the ECB failed to adequately offset the inflationary effect of its debt purchases five times. The ECB's liquidity-boosting measures (CBPP1, CBPP2 and SMP), primarily the purchase of sovereign debt on secondary markets of eurozone member countries had inflationary impacts. Furthermore, it is argued that government bond yields did not stabilise despite longer-term refinancing operations (LTRO) liquidity injections despite the LTRO liquidity injections, government bond yields did not stabilise. In fact, the LTRO liquidity injections had little impact on those countries' sovereign risk. For example, after the second LTRO, between February and July 2012, average sovereign credit default swap spreads in Italy and Spain, increased by 48% on average.
It is also argued that the ECB took full advantage of the crisis to expand its political authority and further to isolate economic governance from election outcomes. Since the crisis, the ECB has become more autonomous, its powers have expanded from the initiative task in the monetary field (price stability) to almost coerced control over the economies of eurozone member states under the pretence of "protecting its independence," two faces of that independence, "in order to show the roots of its market-friendly policy preferences". The ECB also exploited other factors, the lack of openness in decision-making procedures, the eurozone's support of market- friendly economic changes from its inception, and how it utilised its well-established reputation and "expertise" to portray the crisis as a fiscal one. The ECB has also been accused of favouring financial interests above its financial supervisory obligations. In addition, during the crisis, the ECB gradually expanded its influence into the political arena. The ECB was able to force its policy preferences on governments and financial institutions by becoming the LOLR (lender of last resort) for both the eurozone banking sector and the eurozone states' monetary support. The ECB was able to expand its influence by relying on the coercive channel (the QE program with Greece is one of the coercive tools it had used to highlight the ECB conditionality of its monetary interventions) and cognitive channel (influence in eurozone policy circles), and instead of shaping financial sector reforms it continued its process of financialization.
Furthermore, the ECB relied on two main tools to expand its influence and manipulate the reforms in certain countries:
Bond purchasing programs
Formal conditionality
For the ECB to purchase bonds of a certain EU country, the country needs to activate the official help of the EU, meaning the country has to sign a memorandum of understanding and get loans from other EU countries and have troika expert groups sent to the country and then The ECB purchases the bond.
Informal conditionality
Sometimes before the country sign the MoU, the ECB were already purchasing the sovereign bonds of the country and were asking for continuity by sending letter to the prime minister detailing the reforms that this country should be taken for the ECB to purchase their bonds.
Collateral framework
When the ECB provide liquidity to market operators it was always against a certain form of collateral. When the included bond its accepted in the ECB collateral framework its worth much more. The ECB is aware of the fact that, to include or not given sovereign debt and its collateral frame would change the value of that debt and that market operators would and it or not. For instance it was used to fight the private sector involvement option (2011–2012); In 2011 there was a unanimous agreement among all the member state to cancel part of their debt but the ECB fought against that, the ECB forced the EU countries to restructure their debts by not accepting this debt anymore in their collateral framework which will mean that the value of that sovereign debt would go down the fear that the ECB could do that made the EU countries to back away from the “cancelling part of their loansplan”. Another example is, to tame the new Greek government that was elected on anti-austerity basis (2015); the ECB stopped accepting Greek bonds in its collateral framework because the SYRIZA government was fighting against the austerity measures.
References
European Central Bank
European Central Bank, Intervention of
Robert Cochran (also credited as Bob Cochran) is the co-creator of the television series 24. Before that, they and Joel Surnow written and produced for the television series The Commish. Cochran had also written for shows such as L.A. Law, Falcon Crest and JAG. Cochran and Surnow later created and produced the television series La Femme Nikita and later also served as the series consultants. Their production company is Real Time Productions.
In 2007, they created the TV show pilots, Company Man with David Ehrman and also The Call with David Hemingson, both of which went unsold. In 2014 they returned to write for 24: Live Another Day. In 2016, they wrote on the spin-off series 24: Legacy.
In 2019, Cochran published a young adult fantasy novel, The Sword and the Dagger.
References
External links
American television producers
Living people
Stanford Law School alumni
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Showrunners
American male screenwriters
American television writers
American male television writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jyotika Jyoti is a Bangladeshi actor. Them first film, Ayna, directed by Kabori Sarwar, was released in 2005. The next two important releases were Nondito Noroke by Belal Ahmed and Rabeya by Tanvir Mokammel. Later they acted in Tanvir Mokammel's film Jibondhuli and Azad Kalam's Bedeni. Jyoti also acted in a number of short film . their first short film named Break Up was in 2010. they acted in seven short film till 2019. In 2015, they appeared in Morshedul Islam's Anil Bagchir Ekdin as Atoshi, Anil's sister. Jyoti starred in Grash, production of which began in 2013. It was released in 2017.
Early life
Jyotika Jyoti was born in Mymensingh in Bangladesh. They completed a post graduation degree in English literature from Anandamohon University college.
References
Bangladeshi film actores
Bangladeshi television actores
Living people
Bangladeshi Hindus
21st-century Bangladeshi actores
People from Mymensingh District
Best Supporting Actress Bachsas Award winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Scuderia Cameron Glickenhaus, also commonly known as Glickenhaus and SCG, is an American automotive company based in Sleepy Hollow, New York. Founded in 2004 by James Glickenhaus, it is dedicated to developing and manufacturing of high-performance cars.
The most iconic model of the brand is the SCG 003 that has competed in various competitions such as the 24 Hours of Nürburgring. The brand also entered the FIA World Endurance Championship as a manufacturer in the Le Mans Hypercar category in the 2021 season with the SCG 007.
History
Scuderia Cameron Glickenhaus, was founded in 2004 in New York City by film producer and entrepreneur James Glickenhaus. The goal was to develop limited, low-volume, high-performance racing cars for the Nürburgring 24 Hours races. In the first years, a professional team took part in competitions using modified Ferrari constructions.
In 2010, the Ferrari P4/5, built in one piece on a special order, served as a reference point for the work on the first proprietary SCG construction, the initial specification and concept of which was presented in September 2012. Pre-production prototypes entered their final testing phase in December 2014, and finally made their debut in February 2015 as the SCG 003 racing vehicle and the SCG 003S road hypercar.
For the production of both vehicles, cooperation was established with the Italian design studio and sports car manufacturer MAT, which lent its production lines in Turin. In 2017, a plan to launch the production of another civilian car called 004S, was presented, which finally went into production in 2020. In the same year, a racing variant, SCG 004C was produced for competition.
At the end of 2020, SCG presented its first car with a completely different concept in the form of the massive, road-performance off-road vehicle SCG Boot. In 2021, another race car called the SCG 007 was presented in the Le Mans Hypercar racing category, during the premiere of which it was announced that a series variant called SCG 007S would also be built.
Vehicles
Scuderia Cameron Glickenhaus currently offers five types of cars, the SCG 003, SCG 004, SCG Boot, SCG 007, and the SCG 008 kit car. The SCG 006 model is no longer listed on the company's website.
References
External links
American companies established in 2004
Sports car manufacturers
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in New York (state)
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 2004
American racecar constructors
International GT Open teams
FIA World Endurance Championship teams
24 Hours of Le Mans teams
The Creston Cyclones were a minor league baseball team based in Creston, Iowa. In 1903, the Cyclones played as members of the short–lived Class D level Southwest Iowa League, joining the league in mid–season as an expansion team. The "Cyclones" moniker corresponds to a tornado that struck Creston, Iowa in May, 1903.
History
The 1903 Creston Cyclones were the only minor league baseball team based in Creston, Iowa. The Cyclones played as members of the six–team Class D level Southwest Iowa League, along with the Atlantic, Clarinda, Osceola, Iowa the Red Oak Blue Indians and Shenandoah, with the league beginning play on May 29, 1903 without Creston. On June 29, 1903, Creston and the Osceola team joined the Southwest Iowa League, which had begun play as a four–team league.
The team's "Cyclones" moniker corresponds to a tornado that hit Creston, Iowa on May 26, 1903. One person was killed and many injured in the tornado, that also badly damaged several homes, businesses and a church.
On March 25, 1903, the Southwest Iowa League was formed at a meeting and E.H. Whiteside, of the Atlantic, Iowa elected league president. Creston, Iowa representatives were concerned about the league's $400 monthly salary limit and declined to field a team for the upcoming season. The league began play with four Iowa teams in the Atlantic, Clarinda, Shenandoah and Red Oak as the charter member franchises. The league disallowed playing games on Sundays.
After the Southwest Iowa League opened league play, a Creston independent team had formed and played numerous exhibition games against league member teams. Because of their positive play, Creston had renewed interest in joining the Southwest Iowa League. At a June 25, 1903 Southwest Iowa League meeting, Creston was awarded an immediate membership in the league. Osceola also was awarded a team, with the two new franchises expanding the league to six teams. After beginning league play, Atlantic protested an August 15, 1903 game against Creston due to umpiring.
Beginning play in the Southwest Iowa League on June 29, 1903, Creston was competitive, but the league was unable to complete the season. The Creston Cyclones had a 24–19 record when the league folded on August 29, 1903. The Creston manager was Jack Corbett, as the Cyclones ended the season in 3rd place overall, finishing 2.0 games behind 1st place Shenandoah.
Creston has not hosted another minor league team.
The ballpark
The name of the Creston home minor league ballpark is not directly referenced. It is known that Creston played games against Osceola in the neutral town of Afton, Iowa.
Year–by–year records
Notable alumni
The player roster for the Creston Cyclones is unknown.
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Baseball Reference Bullpen
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Professional baseball teams in Iowa
Defunct baseball teams in Iowa
Baseball teams established in 1903
Baseball teams disestablished in 1903
1903 establishments in Iowa
Creston, Iowa
Union County, Iowa
Southwest Iowa League teams
Sonny Strait is an American voice actor, ADR director, and writer at Funimation, known for their work on a number of English versions of Japanese anime series and as an illustrator for the independently published comic book series Elfquest.
Career
Strait began voicing Krillin in the English dub version of Dragon Ball for Funimation in 1999. They have since consistently voiced the kid, teen and adult incarnations of Krillin in every anime series produced to date (Dragon Ball, Z, GT, Kai and Super) and numerous of animated movies and video game adaptations, as well as other characters such as Bardock.
Besides voicing Krillin in Dragon Ball, Strait has worked on many popular animated characters including Usopp in One Piece, Maes Hughes in Fullmetal Alchemist, and Cartoon Network's laid back, robot host Toonami TOM, until the T.I.E., The Intruder, when they were replaced by Steve Blum. They have also worked as a writer and director on several TV series including Dragon Ball Z, Case Closed, and Lupin the Third.
As a comic book artist, Strait has 17 published works to date. Strait's self-published debut work, Mr. Average, was featured in The Comics Journal and Elfquest.
In 2007, they wrote and illustrated a graphic novel about reluctant punk rock, faerie princess named Goat. The book, called We Shadow, was published by Tokyopop and was nominated by The American Library Association for Best Graphic Novel in 2008. The book received glowing reviews in many trade magazines including Publishers Weekly, Newtype, Play and Anime Insider.
In 2009, Strait voiced the titular character in the Xbox game 'Splosion Man.
Strait is also a voice actor in the anime Black Clover as King Clover.
Personal life
Strait has been married three times. They married Davina Lynn Copsy on June 26, 1986. They divorced on April 7, 1992. On June 20, 1992, Strait married Alicia Lang Leath. Strait's second marriage ended in divorce on November 15, 1995. In 2002, Strait married their third wife, Gayla Jackson. Strait is the stepfather of Gayla's children: Savannah and James.
Dubbing roles
Anime
Film
Video games
Comics
The Atomic Punk
B-Side Beat
Car Bombs (Web Comic)
Darwin's
ElfQuest: In All But Blood
ElfQuest: Wolfshadow
Goth Metal Gods
Jack
Mr. Average
Muff Dyver and the Sex Gophers from Hell
We Shadows
ElfQuest: The Final Quest (color artist)
ElfQuest: Stargazer's Hunt (comic artist)
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
American comics writers
American comics artists
American voice directors
People from Kaufman, Texas
Mesquite High School (Texas) alumni
Ludhiana International Airport is an under-construction international airport being constructed near the town of Halwara in Ludhiana, Punjab. Once completed, it will be the third international airport in Punjab after Amritsar and Chandigarh. The site is 32-km drive from Ludhiana City and the Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) has acquired 161.27 acres of land in Halwara for the building of a Ludhiana international civil terminal. The airport is being built to accommodate Boeing 737-700 and Airbus A-320 aircraft. The airport was planned to be operational by 31st March, 2022 but the project has been stalled since May after GLADA failed to release funds for it's construction.
See also
Ludhiana Airport
References
Airports in Punjab, India
Proposed airports in Punjab, India
Transport in Ludhiana
Keith Albert Robinson (4 August 1930 – 11 May 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
Keith Robinson's profile at Blueseum
Keith Robinson's profile at Demonwiki
1930 births
2002 deaths
Carlton Football Club players
Melbourne Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Nancy Hughes McClosky is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera As the World Turns. Portrayed by Helen Wagner for 54 years from the soap's inception in 1956 until 2010. Nancy served as the core family's and, by extension, the town's matriarch.
Wagner was acknowledged by the Guinness Book of Records as being the portrayer of the longest-running character portrayed by one actor on television, and held the title until their death on May 1, 2010. Wagner spoke the first lines, "Good morning, dear," on the series debut on April 2, 1956.
Throughout the course of the series, Nancy remained a matriarch figure in the lives of those they cared for. Over the course of the program, Nancy had appeared in some 19,700 scenes and has been described as a straitlaced, proper and unassuming woman who stood for "old-fashioned values".
In 2004, Wagner received their first award for their work on the show in the form of a Lifetime Achievement Award at the Daytime Emmys after 48 years on the soap. Wagner died of cancer on May 1, 2010, and Nancy last appeared June 1, 2010. As the World Turns dedicated two episodes to both the character and actor with surrounding characters illustrating different ways of dealing with their death.
Storylines
 They are one of the original characters of the long-running soap, and spoke the first line on the debut episode on April 2, 1956 ("Good morning dear, what would you like for breakfast?"). Show creator Irna Phillips modeled Nancy in the mold of a member of a Greek chorus: someone who stays mostly on the sidelines but nevertheless comments on the crises that more dynamic residents of the town faced. In many respects, Nancy's "moral voice" served to further how Phillips wanted certain characters to be perceived by the public. When Nancy spoke out against their son Bob's ex-wife Lisa in the mid-1960s, the Lisa character became, by and large, the character everyone "loved to hate." Likewise, when Nancy forgave Lisa for their past transgressions in the 1970s, public opinion softened toward Lisa and they became a respected character on the program.
Traditionally a housewife, Nancy was bitten by the feminism bug in the late 1970s and worked for a time as a secretary. In the early 1980s, they quit that job and returned to keeping house. For several years they worked as a volunteer at Oakdale Memorial Hospital where their son, Bob, is Chief of Staff.
In 1936, they married attorney Christopher Hughes, and they had four children (three of which were seen on the show; a daughter died while swimming in a pool during a thunderstorm before the series started). Chris died in 1986, shortly after they and Nancy celebrated their fiftieth wedding anniversary. After a considerable mourning period, they married Detective Dan McClosky (Chief of the Oakdale Police Department) in 1987. McClosky developed Alzheimer's disease in 1994 and died two years later. They later enjoyed the company of Joe D'Angelo, as the two developed a strong bond over their frustrations at being unable to help their respective offspring with their ongoing problems. Since McClosky's death, Nancy has lived with their son Dr. Bob Hughes and their wife, Kim, and has spent much of their time with their grandchildren.  They are particularly close to their grandson Chris.
Nancy was rarely seen in later years, averaging about three or four appearances a month when the storyline permitted. Unlike other soap actors who have advanced in years (such as Anna Lee and Frances Reid), Helen Wagner had relatively few health problems as they got older, and their lack of appearances on the series were almost solely due to limited storyline. The character made a long-awaited appearance at Tom and Margo's 25th Wedding Anniversary on July 2, 2008.
Much of their screen time in 2006 finds the character "embroiled in a mystery surrounding the publication of a scandalous novel, Oakdale Confidential, which sheds light on the checkered pasts of several characters."
In 2009, Nancy was still active and worked as a volunteer at the hospital. On Thanksgiving 2009, they give pieces of advice to Katie after the death of Brad. Nancy again showed up just after Christmas when they heard of Casey's upcoming marriage to Alison. They gave them the engagement ring that Chris gave them When the engagement was broken off, the ring was returned to Nancy, but they insisted that Casey hang onto it.
Nancy was on hand in 2010 to celebrate Bob and Kim's 25th wedding anniversary. Nancy and the rest of the family were all shocked to find out that they really weren't married. They helped Bob and Kim settle their recent differences and was delighted when Frannie returned to see them wed. (This scene is notable for a brief return to the show by Julianne Moore, who began their career playing the role of Frannie in the 1980s.) In Nancy's final appearances on the series, they are seen having breakfast with Casey and Alison, and then giving advice to Katie on coping with Brad's death.
Nancy was quietly written out of the show by having them die in their sleep in their apartment and be found by their son Bob. Episodes that aired August 30 and August 31, 2010 dealt with their death, the former episode depicting news of the death and the latter serving as a memorial.
Creation and casting
Characterization
Wagner began portraying Nancy in the first episode in 1956. Six months on, producer Irna Phillips sacked Wagner due to their dissatisfaction with the way that they poured coffee – an important task for a character who provided a sympathetic ear and a shoulder on which to cry. The character was later reinstated.
In a 1968 New York Times interview, Wagner called Nancy Hughes "a tentpole character." "Nothing ever happens to Nancy," Wagner said. "She's the one the others come and talk to."
However again in the 1980s, Wagner and on-screen husband Don MacLaughlin were relegated to recurring status by new producer, Mary-Ellis Bunim, who wanted to attract a younger audience. They voiced their displeasure at the situation in a 1981 Associated Press article, where they claimed she'd been given one line in three months worth of television.
"There just hasn't been anything to Nancy's character. Anybody could read the lines I've been given," Wagner said.
They and MacLaughlin returned as contract players in 1985. Wagner appeared on contract from April 2, 1956 to June 28, 1956; July 17, 1956 to April 1981, as recurring from April 1981 to March 1985, and again on contract from March 1985 until their death in the spring of 2010.
Wagner highlighted in 1998 that the characters were now "destructive, mean, immoral, unattractive and selfish." "They care about nothing but themselves — me, me, me. That's a dead end. That's no life."
They also wished their character hadn't receded into the background in later years while most of the plot developments happened to the younger characters.
"I don't like the making of Nancy into only an extra figure at parties," they said. "She is too dynamic a person to be made into a ghost."
Death
When Wagner died in 2010, the show dedicated two shows to both the actor and the character. In an interview with We Love Soaps, co-star Kathryn Hays commented on their death. "I saw them a couple days before they passed on and they were still herself. They knew how they wanted to be. They were definitely an original. They loved their job, loved their position, and loved their character. Even at the end, when they were in the hospital, they knew they had a call to appear on the show the following week. They asked the doctor if they could get them well enough to be there for their call," Hays said.
Legacy
Wagner, as well as their character, often garnered positive reviews from critics. New York Times writer Melinda Henneberger described them in 1984 as an "icon for a generation of women".
"Nancy was Donna Reed with real problems in the days before soap characters traveled through time, engaged in espionage or almost routinely were reunited with evil twins," they said.
"She's a beloved presence in the soap world," Jason Bonderoff, managing editor of Soap Opera Digest told the Times, who also called their "daytime's answer to Angela Lansbury."
Upon their death, New York Times reporter Dennis Hevesi detailed the reason for the actor' longevity. "Ms. Wagner's Nancy lasted precisely because they remained solid; they wouldn't join the country club because they considered it elitist, and insisted on cleaning their house because they felt uncomfortable being bossy."
References
As the World Turns characters
Fictional schoolteachers
Fictional writers
Television characters introduced in 1956
Female characters in television
Edgaras Tumasonis (born 8 May 1968 in Alytus) is a retired Lithuanian football defender, who last played for FK Sirijus Klaipėda during their professional career. They obtained a total number of six caps for the Lithuania national football team, scoring no goals.
Honours
National Team
Baltic Cup
1992
they were the captain of the team.
FC series.
References
1968 births
Living people
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Association football defenders
FK Sirijus Klaipėda players
Sportspeople from Alytus
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Joseph County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Joseph County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 97 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark. Another 4 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Berrien (MI), Cass (MI), Elkhart, LaPorte, Marshall, Starke
List of Indiana state historical markers in St. Joseph County
References
St. Joseph County
Cari Elizabeth Roccaro (born July 18, 1994) is an American soccer midfielder from East Islip, New York, who plays for the Angel City in the National Women's Soccer League. They played for the United States under-20 women's national soccer team and helped the team win the 2012 FIFA Under-20 Women's World Cup held in Tokyo, Japan. They previously played for the New York Fury in the WPSL Elite.
Early life
Roccaro attended East Islip High School in Islip Terrace, New York, where they played for the Redmen. During their senior year, they scored 11 goals with an 11–3–1 record. They were named a First Team ESPNHS All-American, a two-time All-American selection by the National Soccer Coaches Association of America and was Long Island Player of the Year.
Roccaro led the Redmen as team captain as a sophomore, junior, and senior. They were named All-League, All-Conference, and All-County as a first-year student, junior, and senior and Team MVP as a first-year student and senior. A highly decorated player, they were named NSCAA All-American as a junior and senior and Parade All-American as a junior. They were also named New York Gatorade Player of the Year, Long Island Player of the Year, and New York State Player of the Year as a senior.
Roccaro played for local club team, Albertson Fury and was a member of the Olympic Development Program (ODP) Region I Team from 2007–2010 as well as the Eastern New York state Olympic Development Program (ODP) squad from 2005–2010.
New York Fury
While still in high school, Roccaro played for Long Island Fury in Women's Premier Soccer League, the second tier of women's soccer in the United States. They joined the club New York Fury, in the new WPSL Elite which was created after the folding of Women's Professional Soccer in early 2012.
University of Notre Dame
Roccaro attended the University of Notre Dame where they played as a defender for the Fighting Irish. In January 2013, they were named Soccer America's Women's Freshman of the Year after leading Notre Dame to the quarterfinals of the NCAA Division I Tournament. They were also named Big East Conference Rookie of the Year
Club career
Houston Dash, 2016–2017
Roccaro was selected by the Houston Dash with the 5th overall pick in the 2016 NWSL College Draft. Over two seasons with the Dash, they made 33 appearances. On March 19, 2018, they were waived by the club.
North Carolina Courage, 2018–2021
They signed with North Carolina Courage on April 12, 2018. They made two appearances for the club during the 2018 season. North Carolina won the 2018 NWSL Shield & NWSL Championship.
Angel City, 2022-Present
In December 2021, the North Carolina Courage traded Roccaro's rights to Los Angeles-based Angel City Football Club (ACFC) in exchange for roster protection in the 2022 NWSL Expansion Draft. In January, 2022, ACFC announced that Rocarro had been signed to a two year contract. Roccaro has four goals and one assist for the 2022 season.
International career
Roccaro has represented the United States as a member of the U-15, U-17, U-18 and U-20 national youth teams. In March 2010, they scored their first international goal in a qualifier match against Haiti during the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. They also played and scored goals for the US during the 2010 CONCACAF Under-17 Women's Championship and 2012 CONCACAF Under-20 Women's Championship.
Roccaro was a member of the United States U-20 squad, which won the 2012 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Japan. They played two matches in the group stage; and played in all three matches in the knock-out stage.
Roccaro captained the United States under-20 women's national soccer team that competed at 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Canada. They played all 360 minutes of the four matches played by the team, which was eliminated in the quarter-final.
Honors
International
CONCACAF U20 Women's Championship: 2012, 2014
FIFA U20 Women's World Cup: 2012
Club
North Carolina Courage
NWSL Champions: 2018, 2019
NWSL Shield: 2018, 2019
References
External links
US Soccer player profile
Notre Dame player profile
Cari Roccaro's New York Fury statistics
1994 births
Living people
American women's soccer players
Women's Premier Soccer League Elite players
New York Fury players
Parade High School All-Americans (girls' soccer)
Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's soccer players
People from East Islip, New York
Soccer players from New York (state)
Sportspeople from Suffolk County, New York
Women's association football defenders
Houston Dash players
National Women's Soccer League players
Houston Dash draft picks
United States women's under-20 international soccer players
North Carolina Courage players
Long Island Fury players
Angel City FC players
In mathematical representation theory, the Hecke algebra of a pair (g,K) is an algebra with an approximate identity, whose approximately unital modules are the same as K-finite representations of the pairs (g,K). Here K is a compact subgroup of a Lie group with Lie algebra g.
Definition
The Hecke algebra of a pair (g,K) is the algebra of K-finite distributions on G with support in K, with the product given by convolution.
References
Representation theory
The Otedola Bridge fire accident occurred on the Otedola Bridge at the Lagos end of the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway where a tanker lorry fully loaded with petroleum product fell, leaked and exploded on 28 June 2018.
The massive fire at the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway broke out after the explosion of a petroleum filled tanker lorry leading to the transfer of flames to other vehicles approaching the lorry on the busy road.
The Nigerian Federal Road Safety Corps tweeted that night, "A total of nine persons have been confirmed dead as a result of the incident." The Lagos State Government reported the number had risen to twelve on July 2.
The Federal Road Safety Corps announced that at least 54 vehicles were burnt with the tanker. A number of eyewitnesses, nearby residents and public figures believe that the reports on the economic loss and casualties are distorted by government and media.
References
Fires in Nigeria
Explosions in Nigeria
June 2018 events in Nigeria
2018 in Nigeria
Mosborough is an electoral ward of the City of Sheffield, England, in the eastern part of the city, on the border with Rotherham. The population in 2011 was 17,097. It is one of the wards that make up the Sheffield South East constituency.
Districts of Mosborough ward
Halfway
Halfway () lies in the extreme southeast of Sheffield at the end of a Sheffield Supertram line. Halfway was part of the historic county of Derbyshire but has been administered by Sheffield since boundary changes in 1967.
It used to be home to a bus garage which was operated by Booth and Fisher, a company who were merged into the South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive in the mid-1970s. The garage itself passed into the hands of operator SYT, then to the First and has always been seen as a minor outpost garage. It served works and school services and buses starting early from the south side of the city. The garage was closed in 2007, as a cost-cutting measure. Recently it was taken over by the Chesterfield based company TM Travel.
It is common to see public transport in Sheffield heading for Halfway. The Blue Route Sheffield Supertram terminates at Halfway with a large Park and Ride facility. The main service to and from Halfway to and from the city centre is the 120 service, jointly operated by both Stagecoach Sheffield and First South Yorkshire.
The Halfway housing estate is something of a unique experiment. Built in 1975, the estate centred in the small local shopping centre called Streetfields. The houses themselves were built on high quality farmland and to this day there are farms with orchards nearby.
The Sheffield City Council burns a lot of domestic refuse the energy from which in turn is converted to hot water used for both domestic supply and central heating. This is pumped from Bernard Road in S2 to Halfway and links directly with the homes in the Halfway locality. Well-insulated and often compact, these homes are noticeably energy-efficient.
The layout of the estate was such that no house would look directly onto another, with properties curving around meandering walkways and a complex network of through routes to Halfway Drive. This main road is the thoroughfare linking the village to both the Derbyshire county boundary and neighbouring estates of Westfield and Waterthorpe.
Despite being a well-planned and high-quality overall project, the estate today suffers in part from crime and has been called, on the Sheffield City Council website, as an area to work actively towards safer communities.
Holbrook
Holbrook was a mining village whose name was changed to Halfway (after the Halfway House pub) to avoid confusion with Holbrook near Derby.
Mosborough
Mosborough () was part of the historic county of Derbyshire but has been administered by Sheffield since boundary changes in 1967 and is now considered a suburb of Sheffield. It was known for sickle making and was also a coal mining area. Notable buildings include the fifteenth century Mosborough Hall, a building which may retain some Anglo-Saxon structure, and St Mark's Church. Mosborough Town had a population of 4,063 in 2011.
The suburb has many high quality houses, local independent shops and hotel conference facilities.
Mosborough a small village in the 1930s and 1940s Had many more drinking places than the seven listed below. They were:
The Fitzwilliam Mosborough Moor
The British Oak Mosborough Moor
The Queens Hotel High Street
The Crown High Street
The Brown Cow High Street
The Black Bull Station Road
The Vine Tavern School Street
The Butchers Arm High Street
The Royal Oak High Street
The George And Dragon High Street
The Blue Bell Duke Street
Duke William Duke Street
The Prince of Wales South Street
The Alma South Street
The Coronation Club Chapel Street
The Sidney Queen Street
The Three Tuns no Street given
In the Kellys Directory there were several other places with licences to sell ale. These were not designated as public houses.
The original village of Mosborough now only has four pubs due to The Wheel being demolished for housing, and The Vine being closed down and turned into a curry house using The Vine as its name. The Royal Oak was also demolished, some would say illegally. It still has one working men's club:
The Alma
George and Dragon
Queen Hotel
British Oak
The working men's club is the CIU affiliated Miners Welfare.
On August Bank Holiday, the locals do a pub crawl known as the Mosborough 10 for charity often in fancy dress. It has been known for people to come from as far away as Blackpool to take part in this event.
The Mosborough 10 pub crawl travels from pub to pub:
The Vine Tavern (reopened as a curry house)
The Alma
The George & Dragon
The Royal Oak (Demolished)
The Wheel (demolished)
The Queen Hotel
The British Oak
The Double Top
The Joseph Glover Formerly The Mill (Demolished)
The Miners Welfare
Waterthorpe
Housing Estate near Beighton named after Waterthorpe (formerly Walterthorpe) Farm
The Waterthorpe and Westfield housing estates were built from mid-1970s and were added to over a number of years. Eventually linking with both the old council estate of Beighton and the new estate of Halfway, the estates house a condensed significant number of almost wholly local authority owned properties following the phasing down and demolition of the original estates around Parson Cross and Shiregreen in the north of the city.
There are many pubs in Beighton, The most popular being The Gypsy Queen built in 1998 (Now run by Hungry Horse), The Fox on Skelton Lane, The George and Dragon, The Cumberland both being on Beighton's High street and finally The Belfry which is on Eckington Road within the Sothall estate, Featuring a bell extracted from a church.
The Crystal Peaks shopping centre was opened in 1988 to serve the south side of the city. Its original design included markets and fixed national chains including a UCI Cinema. Crystal Peaks originally had a ski theme, When one was in the central atrium there was a cable car and skiing mannequins suspended from the glass roof. The centre has always had a petrol station formerly run by BP, and up until recently was open 24-hours. Crystal Peaks was one of the most popular Shopping Centres in the country, but over time popularity and investment was falling due to the opening of Meadowhall Centre in the north of the city in September 1990. In 1998 Crystal Peaks underwent an extension called "Crystal Peaks 2" covering the west Atrium from the market downwards, where the original Playground was right down to the bus station. The Playground was moved to the east atrium near the petrol station. Later on between 2005 and 2008 the centre underwent even more developments. The Sainsbury's which was originally on the north side of the centre, was moved into much larger, newly built premises which includes a car park on the roof, in the southern wing of the centre on the former site of the cinema.
When the new store opened the BP 24 Hour petrol station was taken over by Sainsbury's and the opening hours reduced to 7am to 11pm. This development has been done to compete effectively with Meadowhall and Sheffield city centre.
As for Waterthorpe and Westfield estates, leisure facilities are lacking as the council concentrated upon housing and not the substantial areas of parkland in most other areas of Sheffield.
Crystal Peaks bus station
Crystal Peaks bus station serves the Crystal Peaks shopping complex, Waterthorpe.
The bus station is situated at Peak Square, Crystal Peaks centre and is about away from the Sheffield Supertram stop.
There are eight stands at the bus station and the main operators include First South Yorkshire, Stagecoach Sheffield, Stagecoach East Midlands and TM Travel.
Buses go from the bus station towards Sheffield, Rotherham, Eckington and Worksop.
Westfield
Westfield is one of the Mosborough "Townships", smallish self-contained communities that have yet to develop into communities. It is on the fringes of Sheffield, overlooks Derbyshire and is surrounded to the north by quite densely populated housing and to the south by open countryside. It has a small but well-equipped shopping centre.
The housing is mixed with private estates interwoven with public sector housing which was originally aimed at the more vulnerable and/or elderly tenants. In about 2006, the local primary school "Shortbrook School", the community centre and the doctor's surgery were burnt out. The surgery was, for a while moved to Owlthorpe then housed in a small green portakabin not far from the original site. Recently the central surgery has been reopened and the portakabin still stands there, unused. Shortbrook Primary has reopened and will have largely new staff from September 2008. Westfield Secondary School was relocated from its former position in Mosborough village and opened its doors on the border of Westfield in 2007. There are still problems with the community facilities.
Recently the former "Golden Keys" public house has been turned into a local community centre or youth "club" in Westfield centre.
The council has now agreed to invest in the recovery of Westfield. They are investing about £50,000. The local Co-op are also investing, as are the Primary Care Trust.
Plumbley
Plumbley is a hamlet in the west of the ward, and is mainly rural, bar a scattering of residences and farms. Its surrounding environs are within the South and West Yorkshire Green Belt.
References
External links
Sources for the history of Mosborough Produced by Sheffield City Council's Libraries and Archives
Wards of Sheffield
Phialella zappai is a species of cnidarian in the family Phialellidae. It was named for musician Frank Zappa by Ferdinando "Nando" Boero, a jellyfish expert from Genova, Italy who wrote to Zappa hoping to meet the musician whom they admired. Zappa replied saying "there is nothing I would like better than having a jellyfish with my name", leading to a meeting and eventually a friendly acquaintance between the biologist and the musician.
See also
List of organisms named after famous people (born 1900–1949)
References
Phialellidae
Animals described in 1987
Frank Zappa
Kauko Kustaa Helovirta (Hellström, 21 October 1924, Juupajoki – 13 September 1997, Helsinki, Finland) was a Finnish film actor.
Helovirta entered film in 1950 and made about 40 Finnish films between then and 1995.
Helovirta starred in the 1977 film alongside actor Antti Litja in Jäniksen vuosi a film about a Finnish man from Helsinki who leaves to find a new life in the wilderness.
Towards the end of their career in the mid 1990s they appeared on television.
Selected filmography
External links
1924 births
1997 deaths
People from Juupajoki
Finnish male film actors
Finnish male television actors
Finnish male voice actors
20th-century Finnish male actors
Deaths from cancer in Finland
Kiyoyuki Terada (寺田精之, Terada Kiyoyuki, March 20, 1922 – July 13, 2009) was a Japanese aikido teacher. They were ranked 10th dan in Yoshinkan Aikido and served as the most senior instructor in Yoshinkan Aikido until their death.
Early life
Terada was born in Nagasaki, Kyūshū, Japan. Their martial arts life began in April 1934 at Kaisei Junior High School where they took up their first martial art of Kendo. At age 15, they received an award for the best Judo player of the year after winning a Judo championship that same year. Upon their entry into Takushoku University at age 18, they began their karate training. It was there that in 1941 they met Gozo Shioda, the future head of the Yoshinkan Aikido dojo. During the period between 1940 and 1943, Terada learned Sumo from Akutsugawa Sensei, Judo from Sone Sensei, and Kashimaryu Jujitsu from Osugi Sensei.
War Years
At age 21 in 1943, Terada joined the Imperial Japanese Army due to the ongoing war. In March 1944 they were ordered to the Japanese Airforce Academy and became an aircraft mechanic. From 1944 to 1945 they worked in aircraft maintenance at Kumamoto Airfield. It was here where they learned that the war had ended and two days later on August 17, they returned home to Nagasaki.
Post-war to present
Terada moved to Tokyo in 1948 and worked for the Miyakoshi Company. In 1950 they went to work for the military police in Yokohama. This same year they joined the Aikikai Honbu dojo. Their primary teacher was Kisshomaru Ueshiba and they also took lessons from aikido founder, Morihei Ueshiba.
In 1952, Terada conducted an aikido training seminar for the NKK Company and at 85 different police stations with Gozo Shioda Sensei. In 1955 they conducted aikido training for the Police Department in Yokohama and at the US Army base, Camp Drake in Saitama.
Yoshinkan Aikido
In 1955, Terada Sensei was with Gozo Shioda Sensei,when Kancho sensei founded the Yoshinkan Aikido. In 1957, the Yoshinkan was visited by US Senator Robert F. Kennedy and Prime Minister Nakasone. Terada served as chief instructor of the Yoshinkan honbu until 1961 when they left Tokyo to teach aikido at the US Naval Base in Yokosuka. It was here that their most senior student, Amos Lee Parker began their aikido life.
From 1967 to 2009, Terada made trips around the world to teach aikido. Such destinations include Australia, Russia, England, Canada and the United States.
Terada received their 9th degree black belt from Gozo Shioda Kancho in 1990. At this time they also received the title of Saikō Shihan (Chief or Head Shihan). They served as the president of the National Yoshinkan Renmei and the president of Aikido Yoshinkan Seiseikai. Terada held the title of Yoshinkan Aikido Saikō Komon. (Yoshinkan Aikido Supreme Advisor). It was announced in January 2008 that Terada had been awarded 10th dan by the Yoshinkan Foundation making them the first to receive such an honor by the Yoshinkan.
On Monday, July 13, 2009, Terada died at the age of 87.
External links
Yoshinkai Aikido Foundation, Inc
International Yoshinkai Aikido Federation
Aikido Yoshinkan Seiseikai, Terada honbu
Japanese aikidoka
1922 births
2009 deaths
Imperial Japanese Army personnel of World War II
Imperial Japanese Army soldiers
Ruth Elizabeth Wertz (1935July 14, 2021), known as Ricki Wertz, was an American actor and television personality. They were a pioneering figure in local television in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, appearing on several shows from the late 1950s until the 1980s. They were noted for hosting Ricki & Copper and Junior High Quiz.
Early life
Wertz was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, in 1935. They left their hometown when they were 17 in order to train at the Pittsburgh Playhouse on a scholarship. One of their roommates was future film and television star Shirley Jones, also from Pennsylvania. Wertz subsequently undertook postgraduate studies at La Roche College, where their thesis was based on the series they created called The Chemical People.
Career
Wertz first worked on local Pittsburgh TV delivering the weather report for WTAE-TV. It featured them singing to the audience while dressed in a negligee. They went on to host a popular children's morning program, Comedy Time, starting in 1958. The show was renamed Ricki & Copper the following year, when Ricki's dog, Copper, joined the cast. The show continued to be broadcast until 1969, when Wertz left the show to spend more time with their baby daughter who had been born prematurely.
From 1965 to 1982, Wertz also hosted Junior High Quiz on Sunday afternoons. Junior High Quiz showcased two teams of eighth grade students from local junior high schools. The students had to answer a series of questions to score points for their teams. The quiz show was sponsored by Pittsburgh National Bank. Both Ricki & Copper and Junior High Quiz were broadcast on WTAE-TV Channel 4.
Wertz moved to WQED-TV Channel 13 in 1982. There they hosted a documentary series, Chemical People, which focused on drug-addicted persons, and Project Literacy U.S., another documentary addressing literacy in the USA.
Personal life
Wertz married Tom Bordenkircher in 1954. They met in Pittsburgh PA, while Ricki was acting at the Pittsburgh Playhouse and auditioned for a coca-cola commercial when Tom was working for an advertising agency. They remained married until their death in February 2020. They revealed in 2007 that Copper was the wedding gift Bordenkircher gave her, after they requested a dog instead of jewelry. Together, they had two children: Tom and Kristin. The couple moved from North Huntingdon to Chicago in 2015 to live closer to their children.
Wertz died on the night of July 14, 2021, at their home in Chicago. They were 86, and suffered from unspecified health issues prior to their death.
References
External links
1935 births
2021 deaths
Actresses from Pittsburgh
American game show hosts
Mass media in Pittsburgh
People from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania
21st-century American women
Edward Mavskegg, known professionally as Mavskegg and previously as Edward 209, is a Ukrainian music video director and artist. Their videos and images are works for pop, electro, rock, pop-rock, alternative, ebm, industrial and other music genres. Mavskegg directed music videos for In Strict Confidence, Paradise Lost, Implant featuring Jean-Luc De Meyer of FRONT 242, Attrition, Hocico, and Björk Innocence competition.
Film (selection)
Director
Celeste Kennicot (2016)
The Cleopatrium: That Rules (2016 Short film)
Deposit for the Courier (2014 Short film)
Day of worker (2008 Short film)
Sugar garden secret (2007 Short film)
The ball (2006 Short film)
Music videos (selection)
Director
2012 Bending and floating, Collide
2012 Shades of Grey, Ophelia Syndrome
2012 In the frequency, Collide
2011 Otra Noche En La Viruta, Otros Aires
2007 Drowning, Hocico
2007 Innocence (comp.), Björk
2007 The Enemy, Paradise Lost
2006 The Creature, Implant featuring Jean-Luc De Meyer of Front 242
2006 Heal Me, In Strict Confidence
2006 Brave New World, Technology
2005 A Girl Called Harmony, Attrition
2004 Seven Lives, In Strict Confidence
Awards (selection)
2015 Atlas Awards, Best Animation, film "Deposit For The Courier".Boston, MA. U.S.A
2014 TOFF film festival . Official Selection, film "Deposit For The Courier".
2011 BBC Music Video Festival, Otra Noche En La Viruta for Otros Aires was included in ‘Best Europe' . Greenwich, U.K.,
2006 Open Cinema International Short and Animation Film Festival. Saint Petersburg.RU.Special Merit Award for Music Video "Heal Me",(In Strict Confidence)
2006 Open Cinema International Short and Animation Film Festival. Saint Petersburg.RU.Nomination for Best Video Art: "The Creature" (Implant featuring Jean-Luc De Meyer of Front 242)
References
External links
mavskegg.com
Deposit For The Courier on IMDb
The Cleopatrium : That Rules on IMDb
Celeste Kennicot on IMDb
Ukrainian film directors
Ukrainian music video directors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sanja Musić Milanović (born 1969) is a Croatian scientist and a professor at the Medical School of the University of Zagreb.  They are the wife of Zoran Milanović, the fifth President of Croatia and former Prime Minister.
Education and career
Musić Milanović graduated from the Medical School of the University of Zagreb, after which they attended the international postgraduate study programme Master in Public Health Methodology on Université Libre de Bruxelles, Faculté de Médecine, Ecole de Santé Publique where they earned the title of Master of Science. Musić Milanović earned PhD on the Medical School of the University of Zagreb on the topic of demographic, behavioral and socio-economic determinants of obesity in Croatian adults.
Musić Milanović is an assistant professor at the Department for Medical Statistics, Epidemiology and Medical Informatics on the Medical School of the University of Zagreb. Them areas of work are epidemiology and health promotion.
Musić Milanović is Head of the Health Promotion Division on the Croatian Institute of Public Health which is the Reference Centre of the Ministry of Health for Health Promotion where they lead the implementation of the National Programme „Healthy Living“.
Private life
Musić's father Ivan "Ive" Musić hails from Lišane Ostrovičke near Benkovac. Them mother Ana Matić is a Herzegovinian Croat from Broćanac near Neum.
Musić met Zoran Milanović at a New Year's Eve party in 1991 and married them in 1994. They have two children.
In 2014, when Musić was a guest in the Croatian Radio show Izaberi zdravlje, they sparked controversy after they stated: "When it's said that brown bread that we recommend is more expensive than white bread, it initially is more expensive, but you can simply cut brown bread into thinner slices." The media later compared the statement to "Let them eat cake", calling Musić the Croatian Marie Antoinette. In 2022 Musić Milanović sparked another controversy, when media discovered that they pressured teachers and a principal of Classical Gymnasium in Zagreb which their son attended in order to increase their son's final grade at the end of the school year from 4 to 5 (with 5 being the highest grade).
References
1969 births
Croatian statisticians
Living people
Physicians from Zagreb
Croatian women physicians
Croatian public health doctors
School of Medicine, University of Zagreb alumni
Spouses of presidents of Croatia
Douglas Mitchell Gottlieb (born January 15, 1976) is an American basketball analyst and sports talk radio host. They played both NCAA collegiate basketball, twice leading the nation in assists, and professional basketball (including USBL; leading the league in assists). They now work for Fox Sports, Pac-12 Network and CBS Sports after tenures with ESPN.
College basketball career
After signing a national letter of intent with Notre Dame, Gottlieb was their starting point guard during the 1995–96 college basketball season, starting all but the first four games and leading the team with 154 assists as well as steals and minutes played. Gottlieb was widely known at this time for their efficient ball-handling skills. They left Notre Dame after an incident in which they stole a classmate's credit card and used it to charge multiple purchases. Gottlieb transferred from the Notre Dame program as a result of the incident.
Gottlieb transferred to Golden West College (GWC), where they received an Associate of Arts in business. Despite offers from Cincinnati, Alabama, and others to transfer and sit out a season on their campus, Gottlieb chose to sit out their transfer year at Golden West College. GWC was coached by their former Tustin coach Tom McCluskey, and Gottlieb took on the role of redshirt player/coach. They practiced with the team and traveled to road games as the assistant coach. In addition, Gottlieb was a volunteer assistant at their high school, under Andy Ground. In one game at Santa Ana Valley, Ground was ejected, and Gottlieb coached the team to an overtime loss.
Gottlieb was perceived to be waiting on Baron Davis to choose a school, as UCLA and Georgia Tech both indicated that Gottlieb was their second choice, after Davis. After Davis chose UCLA, where Gottlieb's family had season tickets for 20 years and their brother and sister were alums (sister was captain of the cheer squad), Gottlieb looked elsewhere to play college ball. Their final schools were Marquette, Georgia Tech, Alabama, Oklahoma State, Utah, Oregon, and Tennessee. In 1997, Gottlieb accepted an offer from Oklahoma State coach Eddie Sutton (under whom Gottlieb's father had once been assistant coach) to attend the university. They immediately took over as point guard for an Oklahoma State team that had gone 17–15 in consecutive years, and led the Cowboys to the NCAA tournament.
During their second year with Oklahoma State, Gottlieb led the NCAA in assists, with 299, and also led the nation in assists per game, with 8.8, only the second Cowboy to lead the nation in a statistical category. They also started setting Oklahoma State assist records, breaking the school career mark with 500 (after only two seasons) and broke the school record of 22 career double-figure assist games. In a game against Florida Atlantic, Gottlieb set a school record and tied the Big 12 mark with 18 assists, and in the Big 12 tournament, they set the record for assists in a game (14) as well as in tournament play (38). They led the Big 12 in games, with 34. The 1998–99 season culminated with another trip to the NCAA tournament.
As a senior, Gottlieb again led the NCAA in assists, with 293, and finished second in the nation in assists per game with 8.6. They were 7th in the Big 12 in both steals, with 53, and games, with 34. Gottlieb's senior season ended with a third consecutive trip to the NCAA tournament, and the team made it all the way to the Elite Eight. In addition to being named All-Big 12 Honorable Mention their senior year at Oklahoma State, Gottlieb was named the 1999 Big 12 Scholar Athlete Community Service Athlete of the Year.
Gottlieb notably entered a game with their shorts on backwards. They then took their shorts off while on the court, and put them back on correctly. They were guarded from cameras and taunting fans by a circle that their teammates formed around their embarrassed teammate. When Gottlieb became a broadcaster after their playing days ended, this incident was mentioned in a press conference by North Carolina head coach Roy Williams. After being questioned about criticism of their program by Gottlieb, Williams responded that Gottlieb "couldn't even put their pants on the right way." Williams then said "shorts on backwards, shorts on backwards," imitating the chant that opposing fans said to Gottlieb after the incident.
Gottlieb currently holds all of Oklahoma State's assist records, and ranks tenth all-time in NCAA career assists, with 947. They graduated from Oklahoma State in 2000 with a bachelor's degree in marketing.
Professional basketball career
After graduating from college, Gottlieb went undrafted in the NBA draft but was the No 1 pick of the Oklahoma Storm in the 2000 United States Basketball League draft. Gottlieb's season with the Storm was successful, as they led the USBL in assists and helped the Storm to a 2nd-place finish in the team's inaugural season (losing to the Dodge City Legend in the USBL Championship Game).
Gottlieb then had to take their basketball career overseas, which included a stop in Israel after signing with Maccabi Ra'anana. Gottlieb played internationally at the professional level in France, Russia, and Israel.
The Idaho Stampede of the Continental Basketball Association signed Gottlieb on November 28, 2000, prior to training camp, and then released them on December 13, two days before their opening game. On December 28, they signed with the Salina Rattlers of the (now defunct) International Basketball Association, and played in six games (four starts) before the team released them due to Gottlieb's intent to play overseas.
In February 2001, they joined Ural Great Perm of the Russian Basketball Federation, and helped the team win the league championship.
Following Ural's season, Gottlieb traveled to Israel and won a gold medal as the MVP for the United States team at the 2001 Maccabiah Games. In the title game, the U.S. team defeated Israel 82–71.
They then played for the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA Summer League, and then was invited to return to the Oklahoma Storm. However, they and new coach Kareem Abdul-Jabbar did not see eye-to-eye, and they were released before the season began.
Following their release, Gottlieb played the 2001–02 season in Israel with the Maccabi Ra'anana.
Broadcast career
In 2002, Gottlieb co-hosted a midday sports talk show on Oklahoma City radio station WWLS 640 AM, known locally as "The Sports Animal". Gottlieb took the job in Oklahoma City only after securing a job to call college basketball games on ESPN and ESPN Regional. In addition, Gottlieb called Oklahoma State games for the Cowboy Basketball Network. At the end of the 2002–2003 season, Gottlieb returned to France to play for Claremont Ferrand. Upon returning stateside they worked out with the Minnesota Timberwolves Summer League team and co-hosted the NBA draft on ESPN Radio.
Gottlieb was hired by ESPN Radio in September 2003 as co-host of ESPN Radio's GameNight. Gamenight was ESPN Radio's longest running show. Gottlieb's co-host was Chuck Wilson, one of the original voices of ESPN Radio. Gottlieb would also fill in on The Dan Patrick Show, The Herd with Colin Cowherd and began hosting The NBA Today on Sundays. Meanwhile, they also continued to call college basketball games on ESPN's family of networks. They also worked as a studio analyst for ESPNews during the NCAA tournament.
Gottlieb was asked by ESPN to help launch ESPNU from Charlotte. The fledgling network was a company priority, and based upon their age, their relationship with Mike Hall, the host, and the launch being March 3, the heart of college basketball season, Gottlieb accepted the position and stayed in Charlotte for a month.
The next basketball season, Gottlieb became a mainstay on SportsCenter and as an analyst on ESPN and ESPN2 games. They caused a stir when they questioned the logic in the Big Ten's officiating crews. Their segment "Point of Contention" was just that, a contentious look at previously untouchable college coaches and issues. On radio, Gottlieb would move to host The Pulse weekday evenings from 8 to 10 Eastern before moving to afternoon drive (4 p.m. to 7 p.m. ET). They also served as a college basketball analyst for ESPNEWS and wrote for ESPN.com. Gottlieb was also a frequent guest on other ESPN television shows including College Basketball Gameday Final. They occasionally appeared on the shows SportsNation and Mike and Mike in the Morning as a guest host.
Gottlieb and Syracuse basketball coach Jim Boeheim have traded barbs since 2005 because of Gottlieb's criticism of what they regard as Syracuse's soft nonconference schedule and Boeheim's comments regarding Gottlieb's difficulties at Notre Dame. Boeheim has discussed their feud publicly.
On July 31, 2012, Gottlieb announced that they were leaving ESPN to join CBS. They served as a studio and game analyst for CBS Sports' coverage of regular-season college basketball and joint coverage with Turner Sports of the NCAA basketball tournament. Gottlieb co-hosted a nightly television show on CBS Sports Network called Leadoff. Their co-host was Allie LaForce, the former Miss Teen USA, who has become CBS' lead sideline reporter for college football. In addition to Leadoff, The Doug Gottlieb Show was moved to the new CBS Sports Radio network. Gottlieb's commentary and conversational interviewing style followed their show from ESPN Radio to CBS Sports Radio.
In 2013, Gottlieb started participating in the CBS Sports Minute on CBS Radio stations throughout the country. In 2014, CBS decided to move the Doug Gottlieb Show to a TV simulcast format. Essentially canceling Leadoff, Gottlieb's radio show and their longtime producer Adam Klug moved to New York City, where the show was on both radio and television at 3 p.m. Eastern on weekdays.
Beginning in April 2017, Gottlieb now works as a basketball analyst and radio host for Fox Sports. The Doug Gottlieb Show moved to Fox Sports Radio. Gottlieb is also an occasional substitute host on FS1's The Herd with Colin Cowherd, replacing original host Cowherd when they are on vacation.
In June 2022, Gottlieb tweeted that Casey Close, the sports agent for Freddie Freeman, did not present the Atlanta Braves' final offer to Freeman before they signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers. Close sued Gottlieb for libel in July. In September, Gottlieb acknowledged that they were wrong, based on incorrect information that they gathered from their sources, and apologized to Close.
Coaching
Along with then-University of Tennessee coach Bruce Pearl, Gottlieb helped coach the United States team at the 2009 Maccabiah Games. They coached Team USA in basketball at the 2017 Maccabiah Games, winning a gold medal as the USA defeated France in the final in Jerusalem. They had formerly won a gold medal at the Maccabiah Games as a player, but said "It is more special to win as a coach."
Honors
On June 26, 2011, Gottlieb was inducted into the Southern California Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.  They are a member of the Oklahoma State University Foundation Board of Governors. In January 2016, Gottlieb became a national spokesperson for the American Cancer Society.
Personal life
Gottlieb is Jewish. They met their wife Angie, a native of Drumright, Oklahoma, and fellow Oklahoma State alum, while attending Oklahoma State and has been married since August 2000. The couple has three children. In November 2014, Bob Gottlieb, Doug's father, died of cancer. Gottlieb shared their father's death on Facebook and tens of basketball teams, high school and college, wore orange in Bob's honor. Their brother Gregg is the longest tenured assistant in the Pac-12 and is currently on staff at Oregon State. Their sister Wendy, formerly worked in marketing for the Oakland Raiders, is currently involved in philanthropy in Northern California.
See also
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball career assists leaders
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball season assists leaders
References
External links
Doug Gottlieb ESPN Bio
Statistics at Oklahoma State
Doug Gottlieb jumps from ESPN to CBS Sports Network
1976 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American people convicted of fraud
American sports radio personalities
Competitors at the 2001 Maccabiah Games
Maccabiah Games medalists in basketball
Maccabiah Games gold medalists for the United States
Basketball players from California
College basketball announcers in the United States
National Football League announcers
Israeli Basketball Premier League players
Jewish American sportspeople
Jewish men's basketball players
Maccabiah Games basketball players of the United States
Maccabi Ra'anana players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball players
Oklahoma State Cowboys basketball players
Point guards
Sportspeople from Milwaukee
Sportspeople from Orange County, California
American men's basketball players
United States Basketball League players
21st-century American Jews
Basketball players from Milwaukee
Bad Königshofen im Grabfeld is a small spa town in the German state of Bavaria, located in the Rhön-Grabfeld district in northeast Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. According to the Bavarian State Office for Statistics and Data, Bad Königshofen had a population of 5,995 in 2017. The Franconian Saale flows through the town.
Geography
There are 17 town districts:
It is only from the state of Thuringia.
The city is twinned with Arlington, Texas, USA. Bad Königshofen has a downtown recreational park named "Arlington" in honor of the city of Arlington. In 2006, the City of Arlington opened a water park named "Bad Königshofen Family Aquatic Center" in honor of the city of Bad Königshofen.
History
First mention of the town was in 741, although it had been settled way before then. Graves marked from as early as the 6th century have been found. There are Christians and pagan burials in this Festung Road cemetery. Artifacts found in the graves included a longsword and pottery. An even older cemetery found on Bamberger Road shows evidence of settlement in the 4th century.
During the Middle Ages, the town was ruled by tribal duchies as the Duchy of Franconia. The town was granted a city charter in 1235. Königshofen was owned by the House of Henneberg in 1200. In 1353, the heiress Elisabeth of Henneberg married Eberhard II, Count of Württemberg and they sold the town in 1354 to the bishops of Würzburg. They subsequently expanded the town into a fortress. The House of Henneberg acquired the castle in 1400 and in 1412 they bought the entire town back from the Würzburg monastery. Later, the town became home to an episcopal bailiff. In 1603, there was a Leper colony called the Siechhaus in the town.
Government
The elections in March 2014 showed the following results:
CSU: 5 seats
SPD: 2 seats
Greens: 1 seat
Block Freier Wähler (Free voters): 2 seats
List Merkershausen: 2 seats
Bürgerblock der Stadtteile: 2 seats
List Eyershausen: 2 seats
List Althausen: 1 seat
List Untereßfeld: 1 seat
Junge Liste (young list): 1 seat
Aktive Bürger Bad Königshofen (Active citizens Bad Königshofen) 1 seat
Notable people
Gaspar Schott (1608-1666), science writer and educator
Louis Rousseau (1724-1794), German chemist
Charles Albert (1743-1819), sculptor of the Rococo
Alois Albert (1880-1939), politician (BVP), member of the Reichstag
Sieglinde Hofmann (born 1945), former member of the Red Army Faction (RAF)
Waldemar Heckel (born 1949), leading authority and historian of Alexander the Great
Associated people
Andreas Baader (1943-1977), leading terrorist of the Red Army Faction (RAF)
See also
Asteroid 435950 Bad Königshofen, named after the spa town
References
Bad Konigshofen Water Park in Arlington, TX http://www.recmanagement.com/200705aw1i.php
Spa towns in Germany
Rhön-Grabfeld
Economy of Arlington, Texas
Johanna Gustafva Sundberg also known as Johanna Gillberg (20 January 1828 in Stockholm – 18 February 1910 in Stockholm) was a Swedish Ballerina and ballet teacher. They were a star of the Royal Swedish Ballet in the mid 19th-century.
Life
Johanna Sundberg was born in Stockholm.
In 1836, they were enrolled in the Royal Swedish Ballet at the Royal Swedish Opera as the student of Sophie Daguin and Per Erik Wallqvist at the age of nine. They made their debut as a solo dancer in 1838. They made their breakthrough in En karnevalsafton by Anders Selinder. In 1847, they were a student of August Bournonville at the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen and, alongside Charlotte Norberg, was often requested by August Bournonville during their guest performances in Stockholm.
They retired in 1866 but was active as an instructor for many years afterward.
They married the actor Carl Gustaf Sundberg in 1851.
References
Klas Åke Heed: Ny svensk teaterhistoria. Teater före 1800, Gidlunds förlag (2007)
1828 births
1910 deaths
Swedish ballerinas
19th-century Swedish ballet dancers
Royal Swedish Ballet dancers
Ang Thong (Thai: อ่างทอง, lit. Bowl of Gold) may refer to:
Places
Ang Thong Province
Mueang Ang Thong District
Ang Thong town
Mu Ko Ang Thong National Park, a group of islands and national park in Surat Thani Province
, Prachuap Khiri Khan province
, Phayao province
, Nakhon Sawan province
, Kamphaeng Phet province
, Ratchaburi province
, Surat Thani province
, Phatthalung province
Ships
, the former Royal Yacht Maha Chakri (II), a support ship of the royal Thai Navy in service from 1935 to 1945
, an LST-542-class tank landing ship of the Royal Thai Navy, in service from 1947 to 2006
(791), an Endurance-class landing platform dock ship of the Royal Thai Navy, commissioned in 2012
Others
Angthong F.C., a football club based in Ang Thong
Troll and trolling are slang terms used almost exclusively among gay men to characterize gay, bisexual and questioning or bi-curious men who cruise or "wander about looking" for sex or potential sex partners or experiences "in a notably wanton manner and with lessened standards of what one will accept in a partner." The term can be used positively or negatively depending on the speaker, usage and intent and can describe the person or the activity. Although often referring to "an unattractive older gay man" and although troll as a slur "is primarily a visual, not a behavioral" judgment, the phrases can be used for anyone who is trolling regardless of the putative troll's age or perceived attractiveness.
Pejorative use
As a verb, "to troll" is not necessarily pejorative, with "trolling for sex" merely a synonym of cruising for sex.
The same is not true of "troll" as a noun describing a person, usually an elderly or unattractive gay male (a "troll") aggressively seeking younger partners ("twinks" or "chickens"). This usage carries all of the negative connotations associated with "dirty old man" outside the gay community; editorialists in the gay press also occasionally cite this usage as evidence that a gay community which values youth and physical attraction is marginalising its elderly.
Origin and historical usage
Troll as gay slang is amongst the lexicon of the cant Polari used in the gay subculture in Britain which has become more mainstream with transcontinental travel and online communication. There is still debate about how Polari originated but its origins can be traced back to at least the 19th century.
The term troll probably became equated with cruising because a troll is a "creature of Scandinavian folklore depicted as a devilish imp who lives in dark places and 'patrols' in an endless search." "The word trolla in Swedish means ‘to charm or bewitch'." Or perhaps from trolling as trolling for fish: Cast a wide net and hook whatever you can.
"As a Polari word, troll can mean ‘to walk effeminately', or ‘to walk, seeking sex'."
Trolling can be used almost interchangeably with cruising and like much of Polari usage was probably meant to disguise what was being talked about because being gay was (and in some contexts still is) taboo and discussing gay sex in any public area can be risky.
The word "troll" has remained unfamiliar even to many gay men in Britain, who have never heard, used, or needed to use the term. Regular customers in the same gay bar might have different takes on the usage – one simply referring to cruising, another referring to a negative version of a troll as a who "will have your skin crawling in seconds with their lascivious looks and raunchy repartee," another meaning older gays who prefer to troll for younger guys.
Variations on troll exist. A gay culture author asserts that trolley-dolly may be "derived perhaps from a combination of lalies and troll. A trolley-dolly (contemporary gay slang) is a gay flight attendant." Some say, however, that the phrase references the duty-free and drinks trolleys pushed by flight attendants; many people also use the phrase to refer to female flight attendants and in the UK it is often applied to supermarket checkout operators.
"Trolling" is also a term used for generations among fishermen in boats, to describe the way they let a line with a hook and bait on the "fishing line" follow along behind the boat moving slowly, hoping that this slow baiting of the fish will result in a catch. In Gay sub-cultural slang usage would often be coded to seem as though the speaker was talking about "fishing behavior'" but the "gay slang" usage decodes the message to mean "cruising for sex" and luring the potential contacts [catch]. The homosexual "cruising" could be called "trolling" to mean moving along slowly and letting potential contacts ["catches"] have opportunity to "take the bait" i.e. connect for sex. It does also carry the implicit meaning of being a behavior done by older less desirable men seeking sex in public places, but younger people may use the term either to describe serious sexual hunting, or to make light of it, and by using the term "trolling" to put a humorous light on what is considered to be a somewhat socially questionable behavior.
Etiquette
Depending on the culture the men are in, the setting, time of day (or evening), how comfortable they are about their sexuality and their intentions will all affect the trolling experience. Some men are still coming out or even a virgin to same-sex experiences; some societies punish gays with prison, public humiliation and even death. So having the appearance of just walking through the area or using a restroom comes in handy until those there for sexual fulfillment can let their guard down as it becomes obvious everyone is there with like-minded goals. For regular areas or “troll haunts” that are frequented by a recurring group of trolls there is a general rule that "as in most gay male settings, the young, the muscular, and the unfamiliar are more sought."
A troll's intention will also influence actions and outcomes ranging from casual sex in a more private area to exhibitionism like masturbating to group sex, fulfilling a sexual fantasy or even the voyeuristic thrill of watching someone else have public sex. Some are looking to: perform fellatio either directly or through a glory hole, receive it, or switch roles; perform or receive anal sex; participate in group sex or a BDSM experience even including gang bangs; or simply to watch others perform sex acts.
A regular public bathroom at a college, public library, shopping mall, train station or even a public park could be a higher risk trolling venue while more private venues like nightclubs, bars, offices and even churches add to the sexual excitement for some escalating the experience with more taboo environments. For some potentially getting caught is almost better than the sex itself.
Legal concerns
Public sex is often illegal, but enforcement varies from lax and rarely enforced to the aggressive pursuit of entrapment, even at disproportionate financial expense to the police force. Victims of other crimes, such as mugging or assault/gay bashing, during cruising also see varying support from police in different regions, from supportive to dismissive and insulting. Cases of police brutality against gay men found cruising cause further distrust of law enforcement in the gay community, although it is used on the Internet often.
See also
Age disparity in sexual relationships
Cottaging
Dogging (sexual slang)
Gay bathhouse
Gay beat
Gay cruising in the United Kingdom
Polari
References
External links
A Sex Stop on the Way Home by Corey Kilgannon, New York Times, September 21, 2005
Polari British gay slang
Cruising for Sex .com
The Little Black Book: This one can keep you out of trouble, Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund; also available here. Additionally published as "Little Black Book: This one will keep you out of trouble" in PDF format; also available here. An article that gives legal advice on cruising for sex. Note that if one actually carries this article on one while cruising it could possibly be used as evidence of intent.
LGBT-related slurs
Slang terms for men
LGBT slang
Ugliness
Rajadurai or Rajathurai () is a Tamil male given name. Due to the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
Notable people
Given name
C. Rajadurai (born 1927), Ceylonese politician
Surname
Brian Rajadurai (born 1965), Canadian cricketer
Perumal Rajadurai (born 1967), Sri Lankan lawyer and politician
Sivanandi Rajadurai (born 1951), Indian scientist
Other uses
Rajadurai (film), 1993 Tamil film
See also
Tamil masculine given names
Neoatractosomatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida.
Genera:
Brentomeron Verhoeff, 1934
Cyrnosoma Mauriès, 2015
Epirosomella Strasser, 1976
Mesotrimeron Verhoeff, 1912
Microbrachysoma Verhoeff, 1897
Neoatractosoma Silvestri, 1898
Osellasoma Mauriès, 1984
Pseudocraspedosoma Silvestri, 1898
Schizmohetera Mršić, 1987
Trimerophorella Verhoeff, 1902
Trimerophoron Rothenbühler, 1900
References
Chordeumatida
Eustace Independent School District is a public school district based in Eustace, Texas (United States).
In addition to Eustace, the district serves most of the cities of Payne Springs, Enchanted Oaks, Log Cabin, and a small portion of Gun Barrel City.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Eustace High (Grades 9–12)
Eustace Junior High (Grades 6–8)
Eustace Intermediate (Grades 3–5)
Eustace Primary (Grades PK–2)
Band
The Eustace High School Band, or "The Rhythm Machine on 316" (a reference to Farm to Market Road 316, on which the school is located), is a first-class program at Eustace High School. Under the direction of Todd Felty and Crystal Heidle. The band has had many talented players, many of which have made the ATSSB all-region, area, and all-state bands. The band is most well known for its marching. It has been awarded a division one marching grade in 2004, 2006, 2010 and 2013. The division one grade enables the band to go to the area marching band contest. Their 2013 season started out really well earning a 1st division at the mesquite marching festival for the first time in about 15 years, the band also received a first division and third place at the CCMF festival, and also earned a first division at UIL and advanced to area that year.
Marching shows
In 2003 the band presented the Santana show. (This was not an area qualifying year.)
In 2004 the Blockbuster hits show used songs from Harry Potter, The Lord of the Rings, and Pirates of the Caribbean. The band received a rating of one at the competition and advanced to the Area Marching Competition. The show also starred all-state french horn player Meagan Felty as a soloist.
In 2005 the band played The Incredibles, from the Pixar film. Though not an area qualifying year the band boasted solos from all-region jazz trumpeters Pablo Lowry and Doyle Martindale.
In 2006 the band introduced The Rise and Fall of Rome by Key Poulan; the show was one of the more challenging in Eustace Band's memorable history, with approximately fifty sets. The band started out a bit rough, but pulled it together and came away with a division one. At the Area Marching Competition the band had its best performance yet, and in the judges and other bands' eyes the best ending.
In 2007 the band played its The Beatles show. Featuring Solos from Brian "Fireman" Herbert, All-Area jazz and concert trumpet player Alex Pharmakis, and all-state tuba player Corey Owens
In 2008 the band played The Adventures of Superspy. Featuring solos from Brian "Fireman" Herbert and All-Area jazz and concert trumpet player Alex Pharmakis
In 2009 the band played Cirque de Soleil's Journey of Man. Featuring a solo from All-Area jazz and concert trumpet player Alex Pharmakis.
In 2010 the band played Barry Hurts "Rock Phases"
In 2011 the band played an original piece that was composed just for them called " The digital age "
In 2012 the band played their "Santana Smooth" show featuring music from Carlos Santana
In 2013 the band played Barry Hurts "Mysteries of the Nile" from the Imax 3D documentary film based on the Nile River of Egypt
References
External links
Eustace ISD
School districts in Henderson County, Texas
School districts in Van Zandt County, Texas
"The Lost Letter" (1831) is the fourth Ukrainian tale in the collection Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka by Nikolai Gogol.
The story is told by an exuberant narrator, the old sexton Foma, who will return with another story, "A Bewitched Place", in the next volume. It was made into an animated film of the same name in 1945.
Plot
The sexton humorously recounts the story about their grandfather's adventure in Hell. Once, when their grandfather was given the task of delivering a letter to the Czarina (apparently Empress Elizabeth), they came upon a fair in Konotop where they met a Zaporozhian Cossack. They quickly become friends and drink each other's health. During their carousal, the Cossack reveals that they sold their soul to the devil and if they were any sort of true friend, he'd promise to stay up and watch over them during the current night in order for them to remain safe.
The grandfather and their friends agree, riding on to a tavern. When they sit down to rest, the other Cossacks fall asleep, leaving the grandfather to watch alone. They start to see things moving under a cart, but ends up falling asleep anyway, awakening to the fact that the Cossack, and the hat they traded to him, are missing. They had sewn the letter to the Czarina in the hat and is anxious to get it back. In addition, their horse is missing as well, and they reason that the devil, it being such a long walk back to hell, stole their horse to make it a quicker journey.
The grandfather asks everyone for help, and eventually the tavern keeper gives them instructions on how to find what they seek by taking a strange trip through the forest off the road. They follow the tavern keeper's instructions, going through brambles and thorns, and comes across a huge field with the stream they were supposed to find in the middle of it, seeing a light moving. They move towards it, and finds a small group of "pig-faced men" (devils) sitting around it. They do not respond, instead they focus on throwing something into the fire. The grandfather decides to sit down since they don't seem to respond to him, and asks them for a light for their pipe. One shoves a burning stick in their face, nearly poking their eye out, and they then tells them their story so they will help him. They don't respond, and merely stick out their empty palms, so the grandfather throws the money they brought with them to the ground.
A huge turmoil ensues, and suddenly they find themselves amongst a large gathering of strange creatures with dog-faces, pig-faces and the like, including several witches, one of whom is the most beautiful and they reason is the leader. They say they can have their hat back if they win one of three games of "fool". As they play, they find the deck seems to be loaded, as every hand they pull out, regardless of how good it is, becomes worthless when they throw it on the table. In a rage, and forgetting their fear, they slam their fist on the table, startling the group, and makes the sign of the cross under the cards so they can't see him, and they suddenly become playable again. The grandfather begins to throw out one trump card after the other, and the witches fly into a rage.
Suddenly, the hat flies into their face, but they demand their horse back as well. The group of witches complies and a pile of bones appears, but they still demand to be taken away from them, so they give them a demonic horse that takes them home jumping over huge ravines and areas they will never describe to anyone. They get to give the letter to the Czarina and the only thing that remains following their ordeal is the fact that once a year, on the date they met the group of demons, their wife has an uncontrollable urge to dance and does, with no way of stopping them
See also
Propala Hramota, Soviet-era Ukrainian film based on Gogol's story
External links
Short stories by Nikolai Gogol
1831 short stories
Short stories set in the Russian Empire
Short stories adapted into films
Ukrainian works adapted into films
Archibald Strachan (died 1652) was a Scottish soldier who fought in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, reaching the rank of Colonel.
Early in the English Civil War Strachan served in the English Army under Sir William Waller taking part in a number of actions, before being assigned to garrison duty. They later joined the Scottish Army as a major in Sir John Brown's regiment of horse and fought at the battle of Annan Moor in October 1645. In 1648 they rejoined the English army and served with the rank of major under Cromwell at the Battle of Preston (1648). With the execution of Charles I, the political situation in Scotland was unstable. Strachan supported the anti-royalist faction and took command of the Scottish Parliamentary army which defeated Royalist general Montrose at the Battle of Carbisdale. However the Scottish Parliament and a section of the Kirk party forged an alliance with Charles, Prince of Wales, offering them the crown of Scotland.
The Scottish Parliament made Strachan a commander of Scottish forces in the west, but Strachan joined the faction of the Kirk party which signed the Western Remonstrance. This faction demanded that the Act of Classes (1649) was enforced (removing Engagers from the army and other influential positions) and remonstrating against Charles being crowned King of Scotland. Strachan eventually defected to Cromwell. For their perceived act of betrayal they were excommunicated by the Kirk in January 1651 and in April the same year declared a traitor suffering the forfeiture of their property. They died the next year due to their grief from their excommunication.
Biography
Strachan was born at Musselburgh, Edinburghshire, the son of a craftsman. Edward Furgol their biographer in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography suggests that their relatively humble background, compared to most officers in Scotland at the time, who came from the landed classes, may have contributed to their radicalism which had more in common with the English independents in the New Model Army.
By February 1643 Strachan was a captain of dragoons in the English Parliamentary army of Sir William Waller. They were appointed later the same month quartermaster-general to the army and in July of the same year, shortly after the battle of Lansdown they were promoted to major and by September was in command of a regiment of dragoons which became part of the new army of the South-Eastern Association (Kent, Surrey, Sussex and Hampshire). They fought bravely during Waller's unsuccessful assaults on Basing House during November 1643.
Strachan remained with Waller as part of the South-Eastern Association until April 1644, when they became a captain and later major of horse in the Plymouth garrison. In October that year they appeared before the Committee of Both Kingdoms before taking command of a regiment of horse (cavalry).
They were prevented from remaining under English arms by the terms of the Self-denying Ordinance and joined the Scottish Army and by May 1645 had become major of Sir John Brown of Fordell's horse. By May 1645 they had become major in Sir John Brown's new regiment of horse. They participated in the destruction of the royalist Northern horse by Brown's regiment at the Battle of Annan Moor (20 and 21 October 1645). They continued in Scottish service until early February 1647.
In 1648 they had rejoined the English Army and served under Cromwell at the Battle of Preston (1648), with the rank of major. According to Robert Baillie, their former life had been "very lewd", but they had reformed, "inclined much in opinion towards the sectaries", and remained with Cromwell till the death of Charles I. They were employed in the negotiations between the Duke of Argyll and Cromwell in September 1648.<ref> cites: Carlyle, Letter 75.</ref> They brought the news of Charles's execution to Edinburgh, and, after much discussion on account of the scandals of their past conduct, the commission of the Kirk on 14 March 1649 allowed them to sign the National Covenant.
Strachan was given a troop of horse (cavalry), and helped to disperse the levies of Mackenzie of Pluscardine at Balveny on 8 May 1649. The levies numbered 1,200, but they were routed by 120 horsemen. Alexander Leslie, 1st Earl of Leven, wished to get rid of them as a "sectary", but the Kirk supported Strachan, and they for their part was eager to clear the army of malignants. As to any danger from Montrose, they say, "If James Grahame land neir this quarters [Inverness], they will suddenly be de . . ed. And ther shalbe no need of the levy of knavis to the work tho they should be willing".
When Montrose did land, in April 1650, Strachan made good their words. By Leslie's orders they advanced with two troops to Tain, and was there joined by three other troops, making 230 horse in all, and by thirty-six musketeers and four hundred men of the Ross and Munro clans. On 27 April they moved west, along the south side of the Kyle of Sutherland, near the head of which Montrose was encamped, in Carbisdale, with 1,200 foot (of which 450 men were Danes or Germans), but only forty horse. By the advice of Andrew Munro, Strachan, when they were near the enemy, hid the bulk of their force, and showed only a single troop. This confirmed the statement made by Robert Munro to Montrose, that there was only one troop of horse in Ross-shire, and Montrose drew up their men on open ground south of the Culrain burn, instead of seeking shelter on the wooded heights behind. About 5 P.M. Strachan burst upon them with two troops, the rest following close in support and reserve. Montrose's men were routed and two-thirds of them killed or taken, and they themselves hardly escaped for the time. After giving thanks to God on the field, the victors returned with their prisoners to Tain, and Strachan went south to receive their reward for winning the Battle of Carbisdale. They and Robert Hackett (the second in command) each received £1000 sterling and a gold chain, with the thanks of the Scottish Parliament. They had been hit by a bullet in the fight, but it was stopped by their belt and buff coat.
Strachan was in such favour with the Kirk that they contributed one hundred thousand marks to raise a regiment for him, the best in the army which Leslie led against Cromwell. They were in the action at Musselburgh on 30 July, and in the Battle of Dunbar, the loss of which they attributed to Leslie. They tendered their resignation rather than serve under Leslie any longer, and, to get over the difficulty, they were sent with Gilbert Ker and Robert Hackett to command the horse newly raised for the Western Association in the western counties. They corresponded with Cromwell, to whom they were much less hostile than they were to Charles and those members of the Kirk who supported them (who became known as the Resolutioners). It was the fear that Strachan would seize them and hand them over to the English that led Charles II to make their temporary flight from Perth in October.
Strachan and their associates sent a set of queries to Cromwell, to which the latter replied. Strachan did not sign the Western Remonstrance drawn up at Dumfries on 17 October against fighting for Charles II unless they abandoned the malignants. Instead they took the more extreme position that if the Scots rejected Charles as King of the Scots, then English army would have no reasons to remain in Scotland and so that was the better strategy for the Scottish nation to follow. They were dismissed from their command but at first refused to leave. When they did they remained close to their regiment.
On 1 December troops from the Scottish Western Association army under Ker assaulted John Lambert's English forces in Hamilton but were beaten. The day after the battle those troopers who had not been killed or captured rallied to Strachan. They persuaded those who would not follow them (between 200–300) to disband, while they and another officer led thirty men to join Cromwell.  They are said to have helped to bring about the surrender of Edinburgh Castle. They were excommunicated at Perth on 12 January 1651; in April they were declared a traitor and their goods were forfeited. Robert Wodrow says (on the authority of their wife's uncle, who had married Strachan's sister) that they took the excommunication so much to heart that "he sickened and died within a while". They add that Cromwell offered Strachan the command of the forces to be left in Scotland, but they declined it.
Notes
References
Attribution
Endnotes:
S.R. Gardiner, Commonwealth and Protectorate, vol. i.
Alexander D. Murdoch and H.F Morland Simpson (eds) Wishart's Memoirs of MontroseSir James Balfour [ Historical Works], vol. iv.
Robert Baillie Letters, ii. 349, etc.
Thomas Carlyle Cromwell Letters, etc.
John Nicholl A diary of public transactions and other occurrences: chiefly in ScotlandWilliam Row Life of Robert Blair''
External links
short biography
Scottish soldiers
1652 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Ataxia operaria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Wilhelm Ferdinand Erichson in 1848, originally under the genus Hebestola. It has a wide distribution in South and Central America.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1848
L'Humeur vagabonde is a 1955 novel by the French writer Antoine Blondin. It tells the story of a man who leaves their wife and children to make it in Paris, but returns home only to mistaken as their wife's lover. It was Blondin's third novel.
Adaptation
The novel was adapted into a 1972 film with the same title. The film was directed by Édouard Luntz and stars Jeanne Moreau, Michel Bouquet, Madeleine Renaud and Eric Penet.
References
External links
Publicity page
1955 French novels
French novels adapted into films
French-language novels
Novels by Antoine Blondin
Orlando Paladino Orlandini (2 January 1905 – 6 March 1986) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1905 births
1986 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Sculptors from Tuscany
People from Scansano
Vrhpolje () is a settlement in the Vipava Valley north of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Geography
Vrhpolje is a clustered village in the Upper Vipava Valley at the northwest foot of the Nanos Plateau. White Creek (), a tributary of the Vipava River, flows past the town to the east, but its bed is often dry because it is an influent stream. There are tilled fields in the low, flat areas toward Vipava, vineyards on the slopes to the north, and wooded land on the slopes of the Nanos Plateau to the east. There are karst caves in the vicinity.
Unmarked graves
Vrhpolje is the site of two unmarked graves from the Second World War. The Church Grave () is located in the middle of the tree-lined avenue by the parish church. It contains the remains of a German soldier killed near Vipava during the war. The Zavetnik Farm Grave () lies in the woods below a vineyard, about north-northeast of the parish church. It contains the remains of the Slovene civilian Marija Krapež from Malo Polje, who was murdered by the Partisans in November 1943.
Church
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saints Primus and Felician and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
References
External links
Vrhpolje at Geopedia
Vrhpolje pri Vipavi
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Jan Sergiusz Gajek (; born Jan Gajek on 2 February 1949) is the Apostolic Visitor for Greek-Catholic Christians on the territory of Belarus.
They were born into a Polish Roman Catholic family in Łyszkowice, central Poland, and graduated from a local school and from a gymnasium.
In August 1967, Gajek joined the Congregation of Marian Fathers. Between 1967 and 1974, they studied at the Catholic University of Lublin. In the late 1960s, Gajek became engaged in activities of the exiled Belarusian clergy. They had contacts with the Belarusian cultural and religious centre in London, including bishop Ceslaus Sipovich and Robert Tamushanski. On 23 June 1974, they were ordained to the priesthood, and served for several years in a parish in Głuchołazy.
The following two years Gajek studied at the Theology Faculty of the Catholic University of Lublin. After that they were sent to Rome, where from 1978 to 1983 they studied at the Pontificia Instituto Orientale. In November 1983, Gajek became Doctor and returned to Poland. From 1983 to 1999, they worked at the Catholic University of Lublin.
As leader of Greek Catholics in Belarus
In 1994, Pope John Paul II appointed Gajek Apostolic Visitor for Greek Catholics in Belarus. In 1996, Gajek became Archimandrite and corresponding member of the Pontifical Academy of Mary. In 1997, they became adviser of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches.
Gajek is author of numerous scientific publications on Christianity in the Slavonic East.
Gallery
Sources
Biography on the website of the St. Joseph Minsk Greek Catholic Centre
Living people
Belarusian religious leaders
Belarusian Eastern Catholic priests
Polish Eastern Catholics
John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin alumni
Polish emigrants to Belarus
Congregation of Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception
1949 births
20th-century Eastern Catholic clergy
21st-century Eastern Catholic clergy
Pontifical Oriental Institute alumni
The Romex system is a contract bridge bidding system designed by the Mexican bridge expert George Rosenkranz. Key features of Romex are the multiple meanings attributed to certain bids, namely the dynamic one notrump and the Mexican two diamonds.
Dynamic one notrump
The dynamic one notrump opening indicates either:
a balanced or unbalanced hands in the range of 19-21 high card points (HCP) and six controls, or
an unbalanced hand just short of a 2 opening.
The most common responses to the dynamic one notrump opening are:
2 – negative (0-5 HCP)
2 – 6+ HCP, game force.
Higher-level responses indicate control count.
A consequence of the use of the dynamic notrump is that the 1NT rebid by opener becomes wide-range (typically 12-16 hcp). With game invitational values or better, responder reacts to such a rebid with a 2 convention to ask opener to further describe their hand.
Mexican two diamonds
This opening indicates one of four hands:
a balanced hand with 21-22 points and seven controls
a balanced hand with 27-28 points and 10 controls
an unbalanced game-forcing hand with diamonds as the longest suit or
a three-suited game-force hand.
Other calls
One-level and 2 openings are as per Standard American with 3+ minors and 5+ majors and limited by the failure to open one notrump.
Romex employs special asking bids in lieu of cuebidding, and for slam investigation.
References
Bridge systems
Hildoceratidae is a family of ammonoid cephalopods from the Lower Jurassic, lower Pliensbachian (Jamesoni zone) to lower Bajocian (maybe even upper Bajocian) substages, generally with strongly ribbed, involute shells. They are combined with the Hammatoceratidae (= Phymatoceratidae), Graphoceratidae, and Sonniniidae to make up the Hildoceratoidea.
As many as seven subfamilies have been included in late 20th century, principle being the Arieticeratinae, Harpocertinae, Hildoceratinae, to which the Treatise, Part L, adds the Bouleiceratinae, Grammoceratinae, and Tmetoceratinae. Donovan et al. (1981) includes the same and adds the Leioceratinae which the older Treatise includes in the Graphoceratidae. Currently Leioceratinae are again members of Graphoceratidae and into Hildoceratidae are added newly established subfamily Leukadiellinae and Protogrammoceratinae, which has been by Donovan et al. (1981) considered as part of Harpoceratinae.
The Hildoceratidae are derived from the Polymorphitidae, a family in the Eoderoceratoidea, and gave rise to the Hammatoceratidae and Graphoceratidae.
References
Donovan, D.T., Callomon, and Howarth, 1981. Classification of the Jurassic Ammonitina, in The Ammonoidea, Systematics Association special volume 18.
Hildoceratidae-Paleodb
Ammonitida families
Hildoceratoidea
Jurassic ammonites
Pliensbachian first appearances
Early Jurassic extinctions
Toarcian life
The Luxembourg Marathon (official: ING Night Marathon Luxembourg, sponsored by ING) is an annual marathon by night in Luxembourg which was held for the first time in 2006 as Europe Marathon.
Past winners
Key:
References
Profile at marathoninfo
External links
Official website
Marathons in Europe
Recurring sporting events established in 2006
International sports competitions hosted by Luxembourg
Athletics in Luxembourg
Athletics competitions in Luxembourg
2006 establishments in Luxembourg
Spring (season) events in Luxembourg
Gas price may refer to:
Gasoline and diesel usage and pricing
Natural gas prices
"Bloodline" is the eighteenth episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 61st episode overall. The storyline follows the pregnant Olivia Dunham of the parallel universe ("Fauxlivia") as they experience a kidnapping and acceleration of their pregnancy; meanwhile, their fellow Fringe agents Lincoln Lee and Charlie Francis attempt to locate them
The episode's script was written by co-executive producers Alison Schapker and Monica Owusu-Breen, while Dennis Smith directed. "Bloodline" featured the return of guest actors Seth Gabel, Kirk Acevedo, Ryan McDonald, Andre Royo, and Amy Madigan. The Fox network released a "movie-style trailer" in the days leading up to the episode's broadcast as a special promotion.
It first aired in the United States on March 25, 2011, to an estimated 3.9 million viewers. Broadcasting in the wake of a fourth season renewal, the episode's 1.5/5 ratings share was a fifteen percent increase from the previous week. "Bloodline" received mixed to positive reviews from critics, with several commentators characterizing the kidnapping mystery as predictable while also praising the depth of the parallel universe and its characters. Lead actor Anna Torv submitted the episode for consideration at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards, but failed to receive a nomination.
Plot
In the parallel universe, Fauxlivia (Anna Torv) is returned home by their mother Marilyn (Amy Madigan) after undergoing a pre-natal test to see if they have viral propagated eclampsia, a virus that killed their sister and sister's baby during childbirth. They believe they are being followed, and contacts Lincoln Lee (Seth Gabel) at the Fringe division, who sends over a security detail. By the time they arrive, Fauxlivia has been kidnapped; though they try to follow a secret tracker each agent carries, their abductors have extracted it to throw Fringe off their tracks. Walternate (John Noble) and Lincoln believe the abduction to be an inside job due to this. Astrid Farnsworth (Jasika Nicole) identifies a vehicle that has passed by Fauxlivia's home at a high frequency, that being the taxi that belongs to Henry (Andre Royo). Lincoln and Charlie (Kirk Acevedo) track down Henry, who explains they have been keeping an eye on Fauxlivia, surprised to have seen their return and seeming like a different person than their previous encounters with her; Henry is unaware that they had actually helped the prime universe's Olivia to escape ("Olivia" and "The Abducted"). Lincoln, suspicious of these events, forces Walternate to admit that Fauxlivia was switched with Olivia, and that the child Fauxlivia carries is their grandchild. Meanwhile, Marilyn learns that Fauxlivia's test for the virus is positive and warns Charlie that Fauxlivia will die if they have the child.
During the Fringe team's search, Fauxlivia finds themselves being put under a treatment to accelerate their pregnancy, bringing their child near term.  They are able to escape from their captors and contact Fringe division to identify their location, but struggles from labor pains as the child is about to be born. Henry drives Lincoln to their location, and they are able to help Fauxlivia to deliver their child, a son, before medical help arrives. Fauxlivia and their child recover under tight security ordered by Walternate, fearing for their safety. The doctors determine the accelerated pregnancy outpaced the virus, thus allowing both Fauxlivia and their child to survive.
In the epilogue, as September, (Michael Cerveris) an Observer, watches, a blood sample from the child is drawn discreetly by one of Fauxlivia's captors posing as an orderly, who transfers it to Brandon (Ryan McDonald), who is revealed to have developed the accelerated pregnancy procedure under Walternate's orders. Meanwhile, Lincoln and Charlie become somewhat distrustful of Walternate after learning what they hid from them. They consider that Colonel Broyles (Lance Reddick) disappeared around the same time that Fauxlivia returned, and wonder what else Walternate is hiding from them.
Production
"Bloodline" was co-written by co-executive producers Monica Owusu-Breen and Alison Schapker, while The Practice veteran, Dennis Smith, directed the installment. Editor Timothy A. Good has called "Bloodline" the second of two parts – the first half was the season's third episode "The Plateau", which Owusu-Breen and Schapker also co-wrote. Executive producers Jeff Pinkner and J.H. Wyman had planned Fauxlivia's pregnancy since they conceived their character, but noted that "this isn't going to be a normal pregnancy that you see, either. And the pregnancy is [going to evolve] in a Fringe way that you don't comprehend yet. It's not going to be your traditional love triangle, 'I'm pregnant and having a baby' story. It's going to be Fringe-ified."
In late January 2011, TVline's Michael Ausiello reported actor Andre Royo was returning for one episode later in the third season. Royo made their third guest appearance of the season in "Bloodline", as cab driver Henry Higgins from the parallel universe. It is their final credit on the series to date. Amy Madigan, who plays Olivia's mother Marilyn, also returned in a guest appearance. Previous guest stars Seth Gabel, Kirk Acevedo, Ryan McDonald, and Michael Cerveris returned as Lincoln Lee, Charlie Francis, Brandon Fayette, and September the Observer, respectively. The episode also featured one-time guest actors Kendall Cross as Nurse Joyce and Françoise Yip as Dr. Rosa Oporto.
Leading up to the episode's broadcast, Fox released a "movie-style trailer" as a promotion, something they had previously done with "Entrada" and "Marionette", two episodes from earlier in the season. The video recapped the Peter/Olivia/Fauxlivia love triangle from Fauxlivia's perspective and then previewed scenes in "Bloodline". As with other Fringe episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan in collaboration with Science Olympiad for grade school children, focusing on the science seen in "Bloodline", with the intention of having "students learn about gestation and how it is different from species to species."
Cultural references
Accelerated growth of yet-unborn children was a major plot element of "The Same Old Story", the second episode of the first season. While eclampsia is a real medical condition that can interfere with childbirth, the "viral-propagated eclampsia" presented in this episode is fictional. When Henry is located by the Fringe division, they are seen reading an "Opus the Peahen" comic, the parallel universe's counterpart to the "Opus" comic strip drawn by Berkeley Breathed. Also within the parallel universe, the movie Taxi Driver is shown to have been directed by Francis Ford Coppola rather than Martin Scorsese (though Robert De Niro was still able to improvise the "You're talkin' to me?" scene), while the television series The West Wing is shown to be entering its twelfth season.
Reception
Ratings
"Bloodline" aired the day after Fringes fourth season renewal was announced by Fox Entertainment, which came in the wake of various actors communicating directly with fans to watch the series. Actor Lance Reddick noted of the renewal, "I know so often fans think that they need us... but I would be digging ditches or something else if it wasn't for you. So — thank you. Really." SFScope columnist Sarah Stegall was surprised but delighted by the network's decision, stating "That any network, let alone Fox, had the patience and the faith to renew this show is, for me, little short of a miracle. It was a week, it seems, for wonders."
"Bloodline" first aired in the United States on March 25, 2011. It was watched by an estimated 3.9 million viewers, earning a 1.5/5 ratings share among the 18–49 demographic, up from the previous episode's 1.3–1.4 rating. This was a 15 percent increase. Fringe helped Fox place in second for the night among adult viewers behind NBC, but the network fell into third place among total viewers behind NBC and ABC.
Reviews
"Bloodline" has received generally mixed to positive reviews from television critics. Sarah Stegall enjoyed it, commenting that "This was one of the more quietly brilliant episodes of Fringe to date. Reaching all the way back to the first season for its genesis, it was still firmly rooted in the most up-to-date events, tied together several characters in a cabal of resistance, paved the way for major drama down the way, and gave us some emotional highlights we cannot expect to see from Our Side characters." Entertainment Weekly staff writer Ken Tucker called the episode "a beautifully modulated hour, written by Alison Schapker and Monica Owusu-Breen, that took care to establish the anxiety felt by Altivia and their mother, Marilyn (Amy Madigan) about the pregnancy."
On a slightly less positive note, Noel Murray of The A.V. Club graded the episode with a B+. They remarked that it "starts out intense and crazy" but "becomes fairly predictable in its second half," as they correctly predicted Walternate's involvement in the abduction. Murray concluded, "Ultimately, 'Bloodline' is more of a plot-mover than most episodes of Fringe. There's no additional case to solve, and no profound theme to explore. If anything, it's like the writers decided to inject a serum into the belly of show and accelerate the story, to get Fauxlivia's baby out and to get on to the next phase." IGN's Ramsey Isler also didn't find the birth storyline all that shocking "since the number of people that had the power and knowledge to do this kind of thing was low." Rating the episode 7.5/10, Isler added that "the story could have used a bit more misdirection and a red herring or two to really keep us guessing, but that's a minor critique. Overall, Walternate's Machiavellian role in this story works, and the most important takeaway from this story is that it moved the overarching plot forward in one huge leap. Instead of waiting nine 'story' months for Fauxlivia's baby to pop out, we've already got the kid ready to fit into whatever plot twist the show runners have planned."
Some television critics have praised the parallel universe's characterization, with one noting that the "writers have made us care about the other side of this war, forced us to see the opposite numbers of our heroes as real and human and sympathetic; it's a brilliant move." The alternate performances of the actors in particular have been highlighted, especially those of Torv and Noble, but also those of Gabel, Acevedo, and Nicole.
Awards and nominations
Anna Torv submitted "Bloodline", along with the season three episodes "Olivia", "Entrada", Marionette", and "The Day We Died", for consideration in the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series category at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards. They failed to receive a nomination.
References
External links
"Bloodline" at Fox.com
Fringe (season 3) episodes
2011 American television episodes
The Battle of Syme was a naval battle in 411 BC between Sparta and Athens, during the Peloponnesian War. It took place near the island of Syme in the south-eastern Aegean Sea.
In 411 the Spartans made an alliance with Persia. The alliance was made by Therimenes, who handed the Spartan fleet over to Astyochus once the negotiations were complete; Therimenes later drowned at sea. Astyochus was instructed to sail to Cnidus to meet up with twenty-seven ships from Caunus, equipped for them by the Persians. Meanwhile, the Athenian fleet was stationed at Samos under the command of Charminus. Charminus knew the Spartans were coming, having been informed by the Melians, and prepared to meet Astyochus at Syme.
The fleets met during a storm, with poor visibility, and after many of the Spartan ships had become separated from the main fleet. With about twenty ships Charminus battled with the Spartan left wing, the only portion visible to him, and sank three ships. However, the rest of the Spartan fleet then arrived and surrounded the Athenians. Charminus retreated to Halicarnassus after losing six ships. The rest of the Athenian fleet came out from Samos and sailed to Cnidus, but neither side was willing to fight another battle.
References
Syme
411 BC
410s BC conflicts
Ancient Aegean Sea
Syme
Syme
Akkayin ( ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Smirnovo. Population:
Geography
Part of Shaglyteniz lake is located in the district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Corrhenes undulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1938
Borneotheopea is a genus of leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are at least two described species in Borneotheopea, both found in Borneo. It is closely related to the genus Theopea.
Species
These two species belong to the genus Borneotheopea:
Borneotheopea jakli Lee & Bezděk, 2020
Borneotheopea kalimantanensis Lee & Bezděk, 2020
References
Galerucinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Asia
The 1937 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 32nd edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. 20 teams entered the Europe Zone, while 4 teams entered the Americas Zone.
The United States defeated Australia in the Americas Zone final, while in the Europe Zone final Germany defeated Czechoslovakia. The United States defeated Germany in the Inter-Zonal play-off, and then defeated Great Britain in the Challenge Round. The final was played at the England Club Centre Court in Wimbledon, London, England on 24–27 July.
America Zone
Draw
Final
United States vs. Australia
Europe Zone
Draw
Final
Germany vs. Czechoslovakia
Inter-Zonal Final
United States vs. Germany
Challenge Round
Great Britain vs. United States
See also
1937 Wightman Cup
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cups by year
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
1937 in English tennis
Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows News is a community newspaper serving the B.C. Lower Mainland communities of Maple Ridge and Pitt Meadows, located 40 km east of Vancouver. The News is published on Wednesdays and Fridays and is delivered to close to 30,000 homes free of charge.
The paper is a tabloid format and is owned by Black Press.
History
Founded in 1978 as a free-distribution paper called the Local News, The Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows
Then-publisher Bob Long ran the paper on a ‘shoestring' with significant input from local writers. In 1983 Gordon Robson took over the assets of the fledgling publication and then in 1985 sold the paper to Hacker Press, which eventually sold to Black Press. The paper then expanded from weekly to twice-weekly with the publication of The Sunday News, extending its reach westward into neighbouring communities, laying the groundwork to launch successful sister papers, the Tri-City News and Burnaby/New Westminster News Leader.
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
Daily Hive
References
External links
Official website
Newspapers published in British Columbia
Black Press newspapers
Publications established in 1978
1978 establishments in British Columbia
Biweekly newspapers published in Canada
The War Emergency Radio Service (WERS) was a civil defense service in the United States from 1942 to 1945. It was replaced by the current Radio Amateur Civil Emergency Service (RACES) system.
History
When the United States entered the Second World War, the United States Congress had suspended all amateur radio activity throughout the country. WERS was established by the Federal Communications Commission in June 1942 at the insistence of the American Radio Relay League. WERS was to provide communications in connection with air raid protection, and communications during natural disasters. WERS licenses were given to communities, not to individuals; one of the requirements for individuals to participate in the WERS was to hold an Amateur radio license.
At the end of 1944, about five thousand radio transmitters operated under 250 licenses. WERS remained in operation through the end of the Second World War in 1945.
Frequency bands
WERS was authorized to operate on the following bands.
{|
! Band name
! Frequencies
! style="text-align:left;" | Notes
|-
| 2½ meters
| 112–116 MHz
| Sixteen channels at 200 kHz spacing. Subset of current aircraft band
|-
| 1¼ meters
| 219–225 MHz
| Nearly identical to current 1.25 meter amateur band
|-
| 70 cm band
| 400-401 MHz
| Now allocated to Earth-orbiting satellite operations
|-
|}
Frequencies were required to be stable to within 0.1%; tighter frequency control would have required use of quartz crystals, which were in high demand at the time for military radio purposes.
The intention of the service was for communications up to about 10 miles, so power was restricted to 25 watts. The Office of Civilian Defense recommended home-built equipment, using salvaged components from civilian receivers, so as not to require critical items not readily available during the war.
See also
Amateur Radio Emergency Service
Amateur radio emergency communications
Amateur radio operator
Amateur radio station
References
Amateur radio history
Amateur radio emergency communications organizations
The 1959–60 Danish Ice Hockey Championship season was the third season of ice hockey in Denmark. Three teams participated in the final tournament, and KSF Copenhagen won the championship.
Jütland Regional Tournament
Teams
Silkeborg SF
Rungsted IK
Silkeborg SF qualified for the final tournament.
Final tournament
Semifinal
Rungsted IK - Silkeborg SF 17:1
Final
KSF Copenhagen - Rungsted IK 6:5
References
Michael Søvsø: Fra pionerånd til verdensklasse - Danmarks Ishockey Union i 60 år (2009)
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1959 in Danish sport
1960 in Danish sport
The Helsinki Cup is an international youth football tournament, held each year in Helsinki, Finland during June/July. It was held for the first time in 1976.
External links
Official homepage.
2008 results.
2009 results.
International association football competitions hosted by Finland
Sports competitions in Helsinki
Youth football competitions
Youth football in Finland
Kaufman Independent School District is a public school district based in Kaufman, Texas, United States.
In addition to Kaufman, the district serves the cities of Oak Ridge, Oak Grove, and Post Oak Bend.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Gary W. Campbell High School/Alternative Learning Center (grades 9-12)
Kaufman High School (grades 9-12)
O.P. Norman Junior High (grades 6-8)
Lucille Nash Elementary (grades 1-5)
J.R. Phillips Elementary (grades 1-5)
J.W. Monday Elementary (grades 1-5)
Helen Edwards Early Childhood Center (prekindergarten-kindergarten)
References
External links
Kaufman ISD official account on Twitter
School districts in Kaufman County, Texas
South Korean boy group BtoB has released four studio albums, two compilation albums, fourteen extended plays, and thirty-one singles. The group was formed by Korean entertainment company Cube Entertainment in 2012, and consists of six members. The group's first major release, the EP Born to Beat, was released on March 21, 2012.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
Other charted songs
Soundtrack appearances
Collaborations
Music videos
See also
Seo Eunkwang discography
Lee Min-hyuk discography
Lee Chang-sub discography
Im Hyun-sik discography
Peniel Shin discography
Jung Il-hoon discography
Yook Sung-jae discography
Notes
References
Discographies of South Korean artists
Pop music group discographies
D
The 2008 Little League Philippine Series was held from April 5 to 13, 2008. The venue of the tournament was the Alabang Country Club in Muntinlupa. 72 teams joined in the various age divisions. This is an annual event and winners earn the right to represent Little League Philippines at the Asia Pacific Regional Tournaments to be held in June and July.
Little League Baseball (11 to 12 Years Old)
A new tournament format was used in 2008. The new format is similar to that used in the Mexican Little League tournament. A total of 29 teams joined.
First Round Standings
Second Round Standings
Semi Finals
Muntinlupa 20 ILLAM 13
Tanauan, Batangas 13 Bulacan 2
Third Place
Bulacan 12 ILLAM 0
Championship
Tanauan, Batangas 8 Muntinlupa 2
Junior League Baseball (13-14 Years Old)
Championship
ILLAM 16 Muntinlupa 5
Senior League Baseball (14-16 Years Old)
Championship
ILLAM 14 Tanauan 2
Big League Baseball (16-18 Years Old)
Championship
ILLAM 1 Makati 0
Little League Softball (11-12 Years Old)
Championship
Bacolod West 7 Cavite 2
Junior League Softball (13-14 Years Old)
Championship
Bacolod West 5 ILLAM 3
Senior League Softball (13-16 Years Old)
Championship
Bacolod West 8 Muntinlupa 0
Big League Softball (14-18 Years Old)
Championship
Manila 9 ILLAM 1
See also
2009 Little League Philippine Series
References
http://sports.inquirer.net/breakingnews/breakingnews/view_article.php?article_id=128576
http://pinoybasebol.wordpress.com/
https://web.archive.org/web/20080323124138/http://muntinlupalittleleague.org/gameday/philseriesteaser.html
http://www.journal.com.ph/index.php?issue=2008-04-03&sec=7&aid=54727
https://web.archive.org/web/20090505163203/http://www.sunstar.com.ph/static/bac/2008/04/16/sports/bacolod.softbelles.dominate.rp.s.little.league.series.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20080411020717/http://littleleaguephilippines.typepad.com/
http://www.yehey.com/sports/full_article.aspx?id=209636
http://www.philstar.com/index.php?Sports&p=49&type=2&sec=30&aid=20080714123
https://web.archive.org/web/20080803233253/http://sports.inquirer.net/inquirersports/inquirersports/view/20080715-148505/PSC-hits-out-at-Bacolod-softball-execs
http://www.businessmirror.com.ph/06172008/sports04.html
External links
http://www.littleleague.org/
https://web.archive.org/web/20080501121939/http://www.muntinlupalittleleague.org/
2008 Little League World Series
https://web.archive.org/web/20080725045412/http://www.littleleague.org/series/2008divisions/llsb/qualify/fareast.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080718221308/http://www.littleleague.org/series/2008divisions/jlsb/qualify/fareast.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080725045452/http://www.littleleague.org/series/2008divisions/slsb/qualify/fareast.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080801051652/http://www.littleleague.org/series/2008divisions/blsb/qualify/fareast.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080715231125/http://www.littleleague.org/series/2008divisions/jlbb/qualify/fareast.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080715231225/http://www.littleleague.org/series/2008divisions/slbb/qualify/fareast.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080715231055/http://www.littleleague.org/series/2008divisions/blbb/qualify/fareast.htm
Baseball competitions in the Philippines
>
2008 in Philippine sport
N'Tobougou is a small town and seat of the commune of Kilidougou in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
The Minster Way is a walking route between the Minsters of Beverley and York in England. It crosses the chalk hills of the Yorkshire Wolds, as well as a wide variety of the East Riding of Yorkshire countryside. Part of the route follows the Yorkshire Wolds Way National Trail across Sylvan Dale before diverting to Millington, Bishop Wilton and Stamford Bridge, where it follows the River Derwent into the Plain of York as far as the River Ouse.
The Minster Way links to other paths, namely the Beverley Twenty; Blackpool to Bridlington (Aerospace Way); Chalkland Way; East Riding Heritage Way; Jorvic Way; Trans Pennine Trail; Wilberforce Way and the Yorkshire Wolds Way National Trail.
History
It was established in 1980 by Ray Wallis of the East Yorkshire Area of The Ramblers. The route is waymarked by white symbols depicting a view of an ecclesiastical building representing the two minsters and the words Minster Way. A badge was created by the founder of the walk for hikers to display as proof of completion of the walk. It is similar to the waymarks, except the picture and words are in yellow on a red background.
Settlements on walk
The route passes through the following towns and villages in order from the start point:
Beverley
Scorborough
Lockington
Kilnwick
Bainton
North Dalton
Millington
Great Givendale
Bishop Wilton
Stamford Bridge
York
Route
Beverley to Lockington
The walk starts at Beverley Minster and heads north through the town and crosses the A164, Hessle to Driffield road, and the A1035 before entering open countryside. It heads towards Molescroft Carr Farm before it heads north over Black Hill to Leconfield Low Parks and the edge of Leconfield Airfield. The walk follows the Hull to Scarborough railway line and the Catchwater Drain on the left towards New Arram. The walk continues north and crosses a level crossing and follows the railway to the next level crossing where it crosses back again. The way heads west along the road to Scorborough and the A164 the path turns north-west to Snowclose Plantation before passing Hall Garth and entering Lockington.
Lockington to North Dalton
The walk heads north on the main road past the Post Office and turns towards Kilnwick. After leaving the village, the path curves to the west passes the west side of a small lake called Cawkeld Sinks before running along the northern end of Wedding Wood and passing Kilnwick New Farm and Bracken Cottages. The path leaves the road heading north over farmland before heading west along Oldfield Lane, a green lane, and finally turns north along the B1248 and into Bainton. In the village the route heads west out of Bainton along West End and over open farmland, past Westfield Farm, to North Dalton.
North Dalton to Bishop Wilton
The path heads west out of North Dalton climbing all the time to pass in a northerly direction through Blanch Farm and along the farm road to get to a minor road. The way heads north-west onto the Hawold Bridle Road and west on another green track along Huggate Heads. Near Cobdale farm the path meets the Wolds Way and heads south along it and the two ways climb steeply up onto Cow Moor above Millington Dale before making a steep descent into and out of Sylvan Dale onto the Becks. At Warren Farm the two paths separate and the Minster Way heads west down into Millington via Millington Bottom. The path heads north-westerly out of Millington and climbs again crossing a road and onto the track to Little Givendale Farm passing it on the left before reaching Great Givendale itself. From the village of Great Givendale the walk heads north and west above the West Pasture to Bishop Wilton.
Bishop Wilton to York Minster
The path heads through Bishop Wilton along the main street and heads north on Thorny Lane to Bray Gate and then heads west again to Youlthorpe. The walk passes to the north of the village and on to Full Sutton. The Minster Way follows the road from Full Sutton past the prison and all the way past the historic battlefield site into the centre of Stamford Bridge. It then crosses the bridge and southwards alongside the River Derwent downstream to Kexby.
The walk enters Kexby from the north and exits north after the bridge. The path heads west along the southern edge of Millfield Wood and then through it to emerge at the A1079 at Scoreby Lodge. The path crosses Kexby Stray southward past White Carr Farm, along Rabbit Warren Wood and on to Kexby Stray Farm. The path heads west and then south across Kexby Common over the B1228 to the north of Elvington Airfield. The path then meanders in a north-west direction over Heslington Common to cross over the A64 York Bypass by way of the bridge.
The path heads north to Fulford on the outskirts of York and crosses the A19 and joins a footpath leading towards the river. The walk follows the edge of the flood barrier then onto the bank of the River Ouse into York to meet the Foss Walk at the footbridge over the River Foss. The path heads north to Lendal Bridge where the walk climbs a set of steps and turn east to York city centre and to the Minster.
Image gallery
Sources
Ordnance Survey Explorer 293 Kingston upon Hull & Beverley
Ordnance Survey Explorer 295 Bridlington, Driffield & Hornsea
Ordnance Survey Explorer 294 Market Weighton & Yorkshire Wolds Central
Ordnance Survey Explorer 290 York
References
Long-distance footpaths in England
Footpaths in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Footpaths in North Yorkshire
Vinod Gupta is an American business person
Vinod Gupta may also refer to:
Vinod Gupta (cricketer); an Indian cricketer.
Vinod Kumar Gupta; former Chief Justice of Uttarakhand High Court.
Craney is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ed Craney (1905–1991), American radio and TV executive
Heather Craney (born 1971), English actor
Ian Craney (born 1982), English footballer
Mark Craney (1952–2005), drummer for the rock band Jethro Tull
See also
Craney Island (disambiguation)
Battle of Craney Island, victory for the United States during the War of 1812
Craney Island Light, screwpile lighthouse located just east of Craney Island, Virginia
Carney (disambiguation)
Cranae
Crancey
Cransley
Yeniyapar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 37 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
William Walker Tait (born 1929) is an emeritus professor of philosophy at the University of Chicago, where they served as a faculty member from 1972 to 1996, and as department chair from 1981 to 1987.
Education and career
Tait received their B.A. from Lehigh University in 1952, and their Ph.D. from Yale University in 1958. Frederic Fitch served as their doctoral advisor.
Prior to teaching at Chicago they held positions at Stanford University from 1958 to 1964, the University of Illinois at Chicago from 1965 to 1971, and the University of Aarhus from 1971 to 1972. In 1966 they signed a tax resistance vow to protest the Vietnam War. In 2002 they were elected as a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Publications
Early analytic philosophy : Frege, Russell, Wittgenstein : essays in honor of Leonard Linsky / edited by William W. Tait. Chicago, Ill. : Open Court, c1997. vii, 291 p. : ill. ; 24 cm. (cloth : alk. paper), (pbk. : alk. paper)
Tait, William W. The provenance of pure reason : essays in the philosophy of mathematics and its history / William Tait. Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, c2005. viii, 332 p. : ill., ; 25 cm.
See also
American philosophy
List of American philosophers
References
External links
Official Chicago page
Some Publications DBLP
1929 births
Living people
American philosophers
American tax resisters
University of Chicago faculty
University of Illinois Chicago faculty
Aarhus University faculty
Stanford University faculty
Lehigh University alumni
Yale University alumni
Mathematical logicians
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Activists from California
Tarski lecturers
Hygroplitis is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about nine described species in Hygroplitis, found in the Holarctic.
Species
These nine species belong to the genus Hygroplitis:
Hygroplitis basarukini Kotenko, 1993
Hygroplitis melligaster (Provancher, 1886)
Hygroplitis nigritus Luo & You, 2005
Hygroplitis pseudorussatus Shaw, 1992
Hygroplitis rugulosus (Nees, 1834)
Hygroplitis ruinosus Kotenko, 2007
Hygroplitis russatus (Haliday, 1834)
Hygroplitis sinicus (Xu & He, 2000)
Hygroplitis toritarsis Song & Chen, 2004
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
During the 1926–27 English football season, Brentford competed in the Football League Third Division South. In Harry Curtis' first season as manager, the club finished 11th and advanced to the fifth round of the FA Cup for the first time.
Season summary
After just one top-half finish in the Third Division South since entering the Football League in 1920, Brentford appointed former Gillingham manager Harry Curtis to the position on a one-year contract in May 1926. The club was still seeking a winning formula, after generally poor league placings from previous managers Fred Halliday and Archie Mitchell. The directors of the club cleared the decks and retained just 9 of the previous season's squad. Curtis brought with them assistant trainer Jack Cartmell (an ex-Brentford player) and five Gillingham players – full backs Wally Barnard and Charlie Butler, half back Charlie Reddock and forwards Bill Berry and Joe Craddock. Former Gillingham half back Frank Marshall later signed in January 1927. Jim Ferguson replaced the departed John Thomson in goal and defenders John Hodgson, Ted Winship, half backs Bert Bellamy, Joe Hodnett and forwards George Anderson and Stephen Dearn were also signed.
A 4–0 victory over Brighton & Hove Albion on the opening day put Brentford at the top of the Third Division South table, which was the first time since joining the Football League that the club had occupied the top spot in the division. Defeat in the following match to Luton Town dropped the Bees back to 6th, but three successive wins in the following matches saw the club rise back to the top and they stayed there until 15 September. 10 goals in the first 9 matches from Ernie Watkins was a factor in the bright start. By early December, the team's league form was affected by a fixture pile-up, caused by a run to the fifth round of the FA Cup. The 8 FA Cup matches played in a single season is the most ever by the club. The run was a financial success and generated enough money for the club to build a new grandstand on the Braemar Road side of Griffin Park.
A goal drought suffered by forwards Ernie Watkins, Jack Lane, Stephen Dearn and the departure of Jack Allen to The Wednesday in March 1927 saw Brentford limp through the final three months of the season. The Bees finished the season in 11th place and had been rooted in mid-table since 5 February 1927. Ernie Watkins top-scored with 24 goals, then the highest tally for a Brentford player since the club joined the Football League. Four consecutive home league draws between 2 and 30 April 1927 equalled the club record.
A notable departure after the season was that of 38-year old cricketer Patsy Hendren, who had played intermittently as an outside forward for Brentford since 1907. During the season they had become the first Bees player since the club joined the Football League to score four goals in a match (during a 7–3 rout of Coventry City on 23 October 1926) and an 11,000 crowd turned up to see their final match against Newport County on Easter Saturday 1927. Upon their departure, Hendren's 400-plus Brentford appearances was then the club record and they were posthumously inducted into the club's Hall of Fame in May 2015.
League table
Results
Brentford's goal tally listed first.
Legend
Football League Third Division South
FA Cup
Sources: Statto, 11v11, 100 Years of Brentford
Playing squad
Players' ages are as of the opening day of the 1926–27 season.
Sources: 100 Years of Brentford, Timeless Bees, Football League Players' Records 1888 to 1939
Coaching staff
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Goalscorers
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years of Brentford
Management
Summary
Transfers & loans
Cricketers are not included in this list.
References
Brentford F.C. seasons
Brentford
Ivan Terenine (Russian: Иван Теренин; born 22 June 1982) is a Russian former cyclist.
Major results
2001
1st Overall Five Rings of Moscow
2002
1st Overall Mainfranken-Tour
1st Stage 1
2003
1st Overall Tour du Cameroun
1st Stage 3 Criterium des Espoirs
1st Stage 3 Triptyque des Monts et Châteaux
2004
1st Overall Five Rings of Moscow
2005
1st Mayor Cup
1st Stage 2 Five Rings of Moscow
References
1982 births
Living people
Russian male cyclists
The Linyi Campaign (临沂战役) was a campaign fought in Shandong, and it was a clash between the communists and the former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime force who rejoined the nationalists after World War II. The battle was part of the Chinese Civil War in the immediate post World War II era, and resulted in communist victory.
Prelude
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also rooted from the fact that Chiang Kai-shek had realized that their nationalist regime simply had neither the sufficient troops nor enough transportation assets to deploy their troops into the Japanese-occupied regions of China. Unwilling to let the communists who had already dominated most of the rural regions in China to further expand their territories by accepting the Japanese surrender and thus would consequently control the Japanese occupied regions, Chiang Kai-shek ordered the Japanese and their turncoat Chinese puppet regime not to surrender to the communists and kept their fighting capabilities to "maintain order" in the Japanese occupied regions, fighting off the communists as necessary, until the final arrivals and completion of the deployment of the nationalist troops. As a result, most members of the Japanese puppet regimes and their military forces rejoined the nationalists.
However, most of these former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime forces were not from Chiang Kai-shek's own clique, but instead, they were mainly consisted of troops of warlords who were only nominally under the Chiang Kai-shek's before World War II, since they were nationalists in name only and mostly maintained their independent and semi-independent status. These warlords were only interested in keeping their own power and defected to the Japanese side when Japanese invaders offered to let them keep their power in exchange for their collaborations. After World War II, these forces of former Japanese puppet regimes once again returned to the nationalist camp for the same reason they defected to the Japanese invaders. Obviously, it was difficult for Chiang to immediately get rid of these warlords for good as soon as they surrendered to Chiang and rejoined nationalists, because such move would alienate other factions within the nationalist ranks, and these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords could still help the nationalists to gain more territories by holding on to what was under their control until Chiang completed the deployment of their own troops to take over. Chiang Kai-shek's objective was to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, which proved to be an extremely fatal mistake for them and their nationalist regime later on, as shown in this conflict.
Nationalist Strategy
In accordance with their strategy to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, Chiang Kai-shek and their followers had hoped that these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords who rejoined the nationalists would be able to hold on to the regions long enough for Chiang to deploy their own troops by holding off communists. If the communists were victorious in such conflicts, however, the result would still benefit to Chiang and China because the power of these warlords would be reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, and the warlord problem plagued China for so long could thus be greatly reduced, while at the same time, communists would be weakened by the fights and Chiang's own troops would have easier time to take control.
For the former nationalist turned Japanese puppet regime forces, these warlords and their troops had no problem of following Chiang Kai-shek's orders, and they were eager to prove themselves. These warlords and their troops were well aware that due to the collaboration with the Japanese invaders during the Second Sino-Japanese War, they were well hated by the general population in China, including those nationalists who refused to surrender to the enemy and fought the enemy until the eventual victory. Therefore, in the impending demilitarization after World War II, they were certainly be disarmed and discharged, which would probably be the best outcome and the power of this warlord would be reduced or even eliminated as a result. Chiang Kai-shek's ordering them not surrendering to the communists and fighting off the communists was a savior for them because by carrying out such orders, these warlords and their troops could legitimize themselves and thus retain their power by fighting the communists who were targeted as rebels by Chiang Kai-shek and their nationalist regime.
Communist Strategy
The communist strategy was much simpler than that of the nationalists because there was not any huge division within the communist rank like that of the nationalist. The communists already earned considerable popular support by being the only Chinese force left in the region fighting the Japanese invaders and their puppet regime after the nationalist withdrew, and after successfully establishing communist bases in the rural regions where better life was provided to the general populace in comparison to that of Japanese occupied regions, the general Chinese populace agreed that the communists were well deserved to represent the China to accept the invaders' surrender in the region and takeover the regions occupied by the invaders.
Campaign
In, 1945, the communists decided to take Linyi by force after the local defenders consisted of former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime force who rejoined the nationalists after World War II refused to surrender. On August 16, 1945, Japanese troops stationed at Linyi retreated to Zaozhuang, but the nationalists defenders decided to stay and fight. The next day, communist forces from Binhai (滨海) and Central Shandong Military Districts launched their joint assault on the city, and the four passes outside the city wall fell on the same day, but two communist attempts to charge the city wall on August 20 and August 22 were both beaten back by the defenders. The communists then changed their tactic by digging tunnels at the northwestern corner of the city and then to dynamite the city wall.
On September 10, 1945, the communists succeeded in collapsing a 30-metre stretch of the city wall by detonating over 2000 kg of explosives, but after two hours of fierce fighting, the defenders succeeded in beating back the communist assault teams. In the evening, more explosives were detonated, and the defenders could not stop the attackers from pouring in, and resorted to chemical warfare by using the gas left behind by the Japanese. However, chemical warfare was not adequate, as the attackers simply cover their faces with towels soaked in urine, defeating defenders' five attempts. By 7:00 AM on September 11, 1945, the city fell and all defenders totaling around two thousands were either killed or captured, including their commanders Xu Guansheng (许关生), Shao Ziyuan (邵子原), both of whom were captured alive by the communist attackers. The communist victory resulted in the linking up of their three previously separated bases in central Shandong, southern Shandong, and Binhai (滨海) regions into a single one.
Outcome
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also showed that Chiang Kai-shek's attempt to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together proved to be a fatal mistake. Although the result of the campaign turned out exactly like Chiang Kai-shek and their subordinates had predicted, and consequently the power of the warlords in this region was indeed reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, so that the warlord problem plagued China for so long was thus reduced for this particular region, and Chiang Kai-shek's secondary objective was achieved here, any positive gains obtained by the nationalists were negated by the politic fallout. The reason was that this success of achieving the secondary objective came at a huge cost in nationalists' loss of popular support in this region formerly dominated by the Japanese, because the local population had already blamed nationalists for losing the regions to the Japanese invaders, while reassigning these former Japanese puppet regime forces as the nationalist forces to fight the communists, the only Chinese force left in the regions, only further alienated the local populace and strengthened the popular resentment to Chiang Kai-shek and their nationalist regime.
The communists did not have the dilemmas faced by the nationalists and enjoyed popular support, and thus was able to easily overwhelm their nationalist adversary, and thus achieving victory without much difficulty. Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, the political gain was much greater than the military one for the communists as result of this battle.
See also
List of Battles of Chinese Civil War
National Revolutionary Army
History of the People's Liberation Army
Chinese Civil War
References
Zhu, Zongzhen and Wang, Chaoguang, Liberation War History, 1st Edition, Social Scientific Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 2000, (set)
Zhang, Ping, History of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Youth Publishing House in Beijing, 1987, (pbk.)
Jie, Lifu, Records of the Liberation War: The Decisive Battle of Two Kinds of Fates, 1st Edition, Hebei People's Publishing House in Shijiazhuang, 1990, (set)
Literary and Historical Research Committee of the Anhui Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Liberation War, 1st Edition, Anhui People's Publishing House in Hefei, 1987,
Li, Zuomin, Heroic Division and Iron Horse: Records of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Communist Party History Publishing House in Beijing, 2004,
Wang, Xingsheng, and Zhang, Jingshan, Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, People's Liberation Army Literature and Art Publishing House in Beijing, 2001, (set)
Huang, Youlan, History of the Chinese People's Liberation War, 1st Edition, Archives Publishing House in Beijing, 1992,
Liu Wusheng, From Yan'an to Beijing: A Collection of Military Records and Research Publications of Important Campaigns in the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Central Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 1993,
Tang, Yilu and Bi, Jianzhong, History of Chinese People's Liberation Army in Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, Military Scientific Publishing House in Beijing, 1993 – 1997, (Volum 1), 7800219615 (Volum 2), 7800219631 (Volum 3), 7801370937 (Volum 4), and 7801370953 (Volum 5)
Campaigns of the Chinese Civil War
Linyi
1945 in China
Woolpunda is a locality in the Riverland region of South Australia. It is on the south side of the Sturt Highway west of Kingston on Murray. The Woolpunda irrigation scheme was established in the 1920s in the northwestern part of the Hundred of Moorook.
At the , the population was 15 people. The locality has previously had a school house and hall. It still has a water tower positioned on high ground. The water tower was built in 1922 and is tall. The pump station to lift water from the Murray River is now in the newer locality of Wigley Flat. The land is used for a mixture of broadacre grain farming and more intensive irrigated fruit and vegetable crops, including grapes and olives.
References
Towns in South Australia
Dmitry Evstratievich Kharitonov (; 1896-1970), also spelt Charitonov, was the first native Russian arachnologist. In 1916 they founded the arachnological school of Perm State University, the oldest arachnology research group in Russia. The culmination of their work was the comprehensive Katalog der russischen Spinnen (en: Catalogue of Russian spiders), published bilingually in 1932, with an addition published in 1936. They grew up under the supervision of Dmitry Mikhailovich Fedotov, an arachnologist from St. Petersburg. One of their postgraduates, T.S. Mkheidze, has been working in Georgia since the 1930s.
References
Soviet arachnologists
Scientists of the Russian Empire
Perm State University alumni
1896 births
1970 deaths
{
7 Deadly Zens is a solo studio album by Styx guitarist/vocalist Tommy Shaw. It was released in 1998 by CMC International Records. The album is in a hard rock style.
Track listing
Personnel
Tommy Shaw: all guitars, mandolins, baritone guitars
Ted Nugent: lead guitar on tracks 1 & 12
Jeffery "C.J." Vanston: Hammond B-3, Wurlitzer & Fender-Rhodes electric pianos on tracks 2, 3, 8 & 10
Kirk Helle: extremely noisy guitars & things on tracks 1, 2, 3, 7, 10 & 11; string arrangements
Jack Blades: bass guitar
John Pierce: bass guitar
Marco Mendoza: bass guitar
Todd Sucherman: drums
Michael Cartellone: additional drums
Umfante': all percussion; all background vocals except on track 10
Maxine, Julia & Oren Waters: background vocals on track 10
Jerry Goodman: terrifying violin solo on track 2
The 7 Deadly Zens Quartet: David Lowe, Jerry Goodman, Vivian, Oscar: strings
Murmuring Tommyncale Choir: choral group
Kevin Cronin: duet vocal on track 7
Alison Krauss: duet vocal on track 6
Ed Roland: middle eight vocal on track 1
Asfoon Kia: castanets on track 11
Keith Marks: additional engineering (guitar solos & keyboards)
Ted Nugent, Marina Sirtis, Angie Dickinson, Umfante': spoken words
Enhanced CD
Enhanced CD features include:
QuickTime videos on the making of the album, with studio footage and clips with Kevin Cronin, Alison Kraus and Ted Nugent
photos
song lyrics
web links
References
1998 albums
Tommy Shaw albums
Albums produced by Eddie Ashworth
CMC International albums
Jim Carlin (born October 19, 1962) is an American attorney and politician serving as the Iowa State Senator from the 3rd district since 2017. A member of the Republican Party, they won a special election against challenger Todd Wendt following the resignation of incumbent Bill Anderson. Carlin was a candidate for the Republican nomination in the 2022 United States Senate election in Iowa.
Early life and education
Carlin was born in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. They earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from the University of Massachusetts Amherst and a Juris Doctor from the Marquette University Law School.
Career
Carlin served in the United States Army from 1983 to 1985. After moving to northwest Iowa, they founded the Carlin Law Office, where they specialize in malpractice and injury litigation. They were a member of the Iowa House of Representatives in 2017, having represented the 6th district after previous incumbent Ron Jorgensen retired. Later that year, they were elected to the Iowa Senate.
Following the 2020 presidential election, Carlin supported unfounded conspiracy theories that Democrats stole the election. After President Donald Trump refused to concede, Carlin made claims of fraud. Carlin said, "Who believes that Joe Biden got 12 million more votes than Barack Obama on their best day? I don't." In 2021, Carlin proposed that universities would catalogue the political affiliations of faculty.
In February 2021, Carlin announced their candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2022 United States Senate election in Iowa. During their campaign, Carlin criticized incumbent Chuck Grassley for voting to certify the 2020 election results.
Personal life
They currently reside in Sioux City, Iowa with their wife Donna and their three children.
See also
Attempts to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election
Republican efforts to make voting laws more restrictive following the 2020 presidential election
References
External links
Jim Carlin at Iowa Legislature
Biography at Ballotpedia
Campaign Website
1962 births
Living people
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Marquette University Law School alumni
Iowa Republicans
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
People from Pittsfield, Massachusetts
fingerprint is a 2005 Indian Malayalam thriller film directed by Satheesh Paul and scripted by Siddique. The film is produced by Sabu Cherian under the banner Anandabhairavi. It stars Jayaram, Indrajith Renji V Nair and Gopika in lead roles. The film released on 18 February 2005.
Plot
A patriarch (Nedumudi Venu) of a royal family whose descendant was murdered, assigns the task of finding the culprit to two of their police officer nephews - Vivek (Jayaram) and Kishore (Indrajith).
Cast
Jayaram as A.S.P Vivek Shankar IPS
Indrajith as A.S.P Kishore Varma IPS
Gopika as Preethi Varma
Nedumudi Venu as Rama Varma Thampuran
Sai Kumar as Prathapa Varma
Rajesh Subrahmanian as Devraj
Ranjith Velayudhan as Capt. Nandakumar
Kripa as Deepa Nair
Joju George as C.I. Shekhar
Unni Shivapal
Siraj as S.I Shereef
Devan as Adv.Murali Mohan
Murali Menon as Praveen Varma
Narayanankutty as Kunjikuttan Thampuran
Tom George Kolath as Medical Police Surgeon
References
2005 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
The Pauly reaction is a chemical test used for detecting the presence of tyrosine or histidine in proteins. It is named after German chemist Hermann Pauly, who first described the reaction. When proteins containing either tyrosine or histidine are reacted with diazotized sulfanilic acid under alkaline conditions, a red color is formed by a coupling reaction.
References
Protein methods
Biochemistry detection reactions
Raakuyil is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Vijayan and produced by P. Bhaskaran. The film stars Adoor Bhasi, Jose Prakash, Sankaradi and Adoor Pankajam in the lead roles. The film had musical score by Pukazhenthi.
Cast
Adoor Bhasi
Jose Prakash
Sankaradi
Adoor Pankajam
Bahadoor
Chandraji
Paravoor Bharathan
Philomina
Sudheer
Sujatha
T. K. Balachandran
Veeran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Pukazhenthi and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Vo Rogue (12 Nov 1983 - 7 May 2012) was an Australian Racing Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. They were sired by American-bred Ivor Prince whose racing career ended from injury after just two starts. Ivor Prince was a son of the British champion Sir Ivor who won the 1968 2,000 Guineas and Epsom Derby. Their American damsire, Dignitas, was a multiple stakes winner in the United States and was a son of the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Round Table. Vo Rogue was inducted into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame in 2019.
Vo Rogue was a successful front-running racehorse who thrilled Australian racegoers by setting up massive leads in their races, and defying the opposition to catch him. The bay gelding was trained by Vic Rail, and ridden by Cyril Small for 22 of their 26 wins. They were also ridden on at least two occasions by John Scorse who rose to prominence as the jockey of Placid Ark.
Vo Rogue was successful in Brisbane, Sydney, and Perth, but was at their best in Melbourne, particularly in the autumn, with the hard and fast tracks very much to their liking (he was controversially scratched from the Cox Plate in 1988 because Rail considered they were hopeless in any kind of rain-affected going). They dominated the weight-for-age races at the autumn carnivals of 1988, 1989, and 1990, defeating such outstanding horses as Campaign King and the Cox Plate winners Bonecrusher, Super Impose, Our Poetic Prince, and Better Loosen Up. They were successful from the William Reid Stakes (1,200 metres) to the Australian Cup (2,000 metres), and won various races in between, including the C F Orr Stakes (1,400 metres), the Blamey Stakes (1,600 metres), and the St George Stakes (1,800 metres).
In total, Vo Rogue won 26 races from 83 starts, including six Group One races, and a further five which now carry Group One status. Their name has also entered Australian racing folklore, regularly summoned by racecallers and fans alike who speak of horses setting up "Vo Rogue-style" leads.
Vo Rogue died on 7 May 2012, at the age of 28.
References
Vo Rogue's pedigree and partial racing stats
Video at YouTube with highlights from Vo Rogue's career
See also
Repeat winners of horse races
List of millionaire racehorses in Australia
1983 racehorse births
2012 racehorse deaths
Thoroughbred family 22-b
Racehorses bred in Australia
Racehorses trained in Australia
Johan Cruyff Institute is an educational institution, founded by Dutch footballer Johan Cruyff, aimed at educating athletes, sport and business professionals in the field of sport management.
History
The academic institution was founded in 1999 with a program for 35 athletes as part of the Johan Cruyff Academy of Amsterdam and has since then become a global network. In 2002, the Johan Cruyff Institute Barcelona was opened and established as the international headquarters, and the expansion proceeded to Mexico (2003), Amsterdam (2006), Stockholm (2011) and Peru (2013).
There are 4 Johan Cruyff Institute (postgraduate and executive education), 3 Johan Cruyff Academy (graduate education) and 4 Johan Cruyff College (vocational training).
Sports education
Sport management
Sports marketing
Football business
Coaching
Rankings
Johan Cruyff Institute has appeared on sportbusiness.com's list "Postgraduate Course Rankings - The Top 40"
Notable alumni
Edwin van der Sar, CEO at AFC Ajax
Craig Foster, Chief Football Analyst/Presenter at SBS
Esther Vergeer, Tournament Director – ABN AMRO Wheelchair Tennis Tournament
Memo Ochoa, Professional Football Player
Edith Bosch, Co-Owner – The Impowerment Company
Jan Bos, Former Coach – Kia Speedskating Academy
Richard Schuil, Business Coordinator – Thomas St John Group; Co Owner – TopSport & Finance
Gretar Steinsson, Technical director at Fleetwood Town FC
Jordi Villacampa, Former President, Club Joventut Badalona
Sergio Lozano, Professional Futsal player at FC Barcelona
Marlou van Rhijn, Paralympic sprinter
Alfreð Finnbogason, Professional football player for FC Augsburg
Bibian Mentel, Winter Paralympics (Snowboarding) gold-medalist; Founder – Mentelity Foundation
Akwasi Frimpong, Sprinter, bobsledder, and skeleton athlete; Owner at Golden Events Management (GEM USA)
David Alegre, Spanish field hockey midfielder
Jennifer Pareja, 2012 Summer Olympics waterpolo player silver-medalist
Rubén Vergés, 2010 Olympic halfpipe Snowboarder
Daniëlle van de Donk, player for Arsenal
Lieke Martens, FC Barcelona Femení player
Jose Antonio Quintero, vice president at Venezuelan Football Federation.
References
Sports universities and colleges
Education in Barcelona
Educational institutions established in 1999
Johan Cruyff
Educational organisations based in Spain
1999 establishments in the Netherlands
Fall On Your Sword is an American film and commercial music production company with offices in Los Angeles, California, and Brooklyn, New York. It was founded in 2009 by London-born musician and composer Will Bates, who is joined by executive producer and partner Lucy Alper. Fall On Your Sword creates music for feature films, television, and advertising.
Career
Fall On Your Sword (FOYS) is primarily known for their work in film scoring and viral video mash-up creations.
As a composer, Bates has scored a feature films including Another Earth, I Origins, We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks, 28 Hotel Rooms and Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief. They have also scored a number of TV series including The Magicians, The Path, The Looming Tower, Chance, and Sweetbitter. Prior to scoring films, FOYS performed as a live band.
Fall On Your Sword also produces art installations.
Awards
2010 Clio Award for Best Original Score 'OFFF'
2009 Clio Award for Best Original Score 'Nomis Shoes'
2009 Cannes Gold Lion for Best Original Score 'Nomis Shoes'
Filmography
Some of the works are only credited to Will Bates.
Films
Depraved (2019)
[[Hot Summer Nights (film)|Hot Summer Nights]] (2017)
Imperium (2016)
Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine (2015)
The Girl in the Book (2015)
Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief (2015)
Among Ravens (2014)
The Notorious Mr. Bout (2014)
X/Y (2014)
I Origins (2014)
The Unkindness of Ravens (2013)
We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks (2013)
The Normals (2012)
Haiti Redux (2012)
Generation Um... (2012)
Lola Versus (2012)
Nobody Walks (2012)
28 Hotel Rooms (2012)
Another Earth (2011)
Aardvark (2010)
You Won't Miss Me (2009)
Television
Salt Fat Acid Heat (2018)
The Magicians (2015–2020)
Bite Me (series) (2010)
Internet
The Path (web series) (2016)
Cooked (web miniseries) (2016)
References
External links
Music production companies
2009 establishments in California
Lac La Biche ( ) is a hamlet in Lac La Biche County within northeast Alberta, Canada. It is located approximately northeast of the provincial capital of Edmonton. Previously incorporated as a town, Lac La Biche amalgamated with Lakeland County to form Lac La Biche County on August 1, 2007.
Etymology
The indigenous peoples of the area referred to the lake as Elk Lake (Nêhiyawêwin: wâwâskesiwisâkahikan, Dënesųłiné: tzalith tway). The earliest Europeans translated this name into English as "Red Deer Lake" and in French as "Lac la biche" ("Lake of the doe"). Over time, the French name came to be used in English as well.
History
Historic voyageur highway
Lac La Biche was on the historical voyageur route that linked the Athabaskan region to Hudson Bay. David Thompson and George Simpson used the fur trade route via the Beaver River from the main Methye Portage route that reached the Athabasca River. Thompson was the first known European to record their sojourn on Lac La Biche. Thompson, who referred to the lake as Red Deers Lake, arrived October 4, 1798 and overwintered there. They entered copious notes in their diary on the Nahathaway (the Cree), their customs, traditions, and the Western Forest Land, including the large supply of whitefish and beaver.
Fur trade posts
Although the Montreal-based North West Company was already active in the area, Thompson established the first permanent settlement in Lac La Biche on their 1798 trip, a Hudson's Bay Company trading post which they named Red Deers Lake House. In 1799, Peter Fidler arrived in the area after Thompson's departure, and as the post. This new structure was known as Greenwich House. It was also abandoned by 1801, but Lac La Biche was established as a permanent place of residence for some French-Canadian and Métis freetraders and their families. Fur trade activity continued unbroken, due to the importance of the portage, and Lac La Biche was visited by fur traders such as Gabriel Franchère and Ross Cox. David Thompson returned in 1812.
Another temporary Hudson's Bay Company post was erected in 1817, but the portage was abandoned by the company in 1825. Almost no written records exist for the following two decades.
Oblate mission
A Roman Catholic mission was established in 1853 by Oblate missionaries. Historian Paul Robert Magocsi notes how the settlement grew over the next few decades:
The Lac La Biche Mission is now a National Historic Site and Provincial Historic Resource. It was the site of one of the first residential schools in Alberta.
Treaties and insurrection
The Government of Canada sought to extinguish the First Nations' title to the land across the prairies, in order to open the land up to settlement. Treaty 6 was negotiated in 1876 and covered the lands to the south of Lac La Biche.
The new Hudson's Bay Company post at Lac La Biche was looted on April 26, 1885 during the North-West Rebellion by members of Big Bear's band. Their plan to loot the nearby Roman Catholic Mission was stopped by the local Cree and Métis population. Métis Scrip Records show many residents of the area were awarded scrip by the Government of Canada from 1885 until the 1920s.
Treaty 8, covering the lands north of Lac La Biche, was negotiated in 1899. This set the stage for rail and settlement.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Lac La Biche had a population of 3,120 living in 1,198 of its 1,458 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 3,320. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Lac La Biche had a population of 2,314 living in 895 of its 1,048 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 2,520. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Lac La Biche County's 2016 municipal census counted a population of 2,682 in Lac La Biche, a change from its 2013 municipal census population of 2,895.
Economy
The community is supported by the oil patch, logging, forestry, agriculture, and commercial fishing.
Jamie Davis Towing (featured on the Highway Thru Hell reality show) has an operation in Lac La Biche.
Attractions
Lac La Biche is home to the Lac La Biche Golf Course, while numerous lakes and campgrounds provide outdoor recreation opportunities in the area, including Lakeland Provincial Park to the east. Lac La Biche County has a small museum dedicated to sharing the history of the area, it is located in the Jubilee Hall building, beside the recreation grounds where the baseball diamonds, splash park, and green space are also located.
Government
The Hamlet of Lac La Biche comprises Lac La Biche County's Ward 7. Omer Moghrabi was elected as mayor in 2017, Councillors Lorin Tkachuk and Colin Cote represent Ward 7 on Lac La Biche County Council. Provincially, the community has been represented by every major political party in Alberta history (expand table for details).
Infrastructure
Lac La Biche Airport (YLB) is located west of Lac La Biche. It features a fully serviced paved airstrip.
Education
The main campus of Portage College is located in Lac La Biche. The college has an ACAC hockey team named the Portage Voyageurs. The team's first season began in the fall of 2008.
Northern Lights School Division No. 69
Vera M. Welsh Elementary School (K-3)
Aurora Middle School (4–8)
J.A. Williams High School (9–12)
Lac La Biche Off-Campus (8–12)
Other
Light of Christ Catholic School (Preschool-Grade 11)
École Sainte-Catherine (K-4)
Media
Media outlets serving Lac La Biche and area include the Lac La Biche Post weekly newspaper and the Boom 103.5 radio station.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of former urban municipalities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Sources
This is the full-text diary of David Thompson which includes numerous references to the Nahathaway in general and to the First Nations of the Lac la Biche region in particular. They describe their belief in life after death and consequences on the human soul for crimes and misdeeds.
Designated places in Alberta
Former towns in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
Hudson's Bay Company trading posts
Lac La Biche County
Populated places disestablished in 2007
The Lake Shore Mine is a gold mine located in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. In July 1912, Harry Oakes staked claims L-2605-6 which were in the lake itself and had reverted for non-performance of work. On September 6, 1912, they registered the transfer of claim L-1557 that Melville McDougall had staked for Oakes previously. On September 23, 1911, Harry Oakes registered the transfer of claim T-16635 from George Minaker and named the property Lake Shore. In production from 1918 to 1965, the mine produced almost 8.5 million ounces of gold and represented over a third of the gold produced in the entire camp. The closure of the mine once known as the 'Jewel box of North America' in 1965 was the result of a number of factors including a declining ore reserve picture, unfruitful exploration, increased water inflow into the workings from other closed mines exceeding pump capacity and unstable workings at depth, The mill operated until 1968 re-milling historic tailings. The surface plant was demolished in 1969. The mine reopened in 1981 by new owners LAC Minerals and operated intermittently as an exploration project along with pillar recovery and tailings processing with material processed at the nearby Macassa Mill. Activity ceased in 1987 and the property has followed the chain of ownership of the Macassa mine.
See also
List of mines in Ontario
References
External links
Library and Archives Canada Image: Lake Shore Mine Headframe
Gold mines in Ontario
Kirkland Lake
Mines in Northern Ontario
Underground mines in Canada
Werner Hartmann (30 January 1912 – 8 March 1988) was a German physicist who introduced microelectronics into East Germany. They studied physics at the Technische Hochschule Berlin and worked at Siemens before joining Fernseh GmbH. At the end of World War II, they and their research staff were flown to the Soviet Union to work on their atomic bomb project; they were assigned to Institute G. In 1955, they arrived in the German Democratic Republic (GDR); in the same year, they founded and became the director of the VEB Vakutronik Dresden, later VEB RFT Meßelektronik Dresden. In 1956, they completed their Habilitation at the Technische Hochschule Dresden and also became a professor for Kernphysikalische Elektronik there. In 1961, they founded the Arbeitsstelle für Molekularelektronik Dresden (AME). They were awarded the National Prize of GDR in 1958. In 1974, they were removed from their positions, significantly demoted, and sent to work as a staff scientist at the VEB Spurenmetalle Freiberg. Hartmann had been the object of security investigations by the Stasi for some time; while they were investigated at length and repeatedly interrogated, the alleged charges were politically motivated and no trial ever took place. The Werner-Hartmann-Preis für Chipdesign is an industrial award given in Hartmann's honor for achievement in the field of semiconductors.
Early life
Hartmann was born in Berlin-Friedenau. In 1930, they began studies in physics at the Technische Hochschule Berlin (reorganized and renamed the Technische Universität Berlin in 1946). Their professors there included Walter Schottky and Gustav Hertz.
Career
In Germany
In 1935, Hartmann became a research associate to Gustav Hertz, Nobel laureate and director of Research Laboratory II at Siemens. At Siemens, they engaged in research on semiconductors. In 1937, they began work at Fernseh GmbH; their work there made them exempt from military service during World War II.
In the Soviet Union
Hartmann's 10 years in the Soviet Union are best understood in the context of the collective fate of five prominent Berlin scientists in 1945, one of them being their teacher and mentor, Gustav Hertz.
At the close of World War II, the Soviet Union had special search teams operating in Austria and Germany, especially in Berlin, to identify and “requisition” equipment, material, intellectual property, and personnel useful to the Soviet atomic bomb project. The exploitation teams were under the Russian Alsos, and they were headed by Lavrenij Beria's deputy, Colonel General A. P. Zavenyagin. These teams were composed of scientific staff members, in NKVD officer's uniforms, from the bomb project's only laboratory, Laboratory No. 2, in Moscow. In mid-May 1945, the Soviet nuclear physicists Georgy Flerov and Lev Artsimovich, in NKVD colonel's uniforms, compelled Karl Zimmer to take them to the location of Nikolaus Riehl and their staff, who had evacuated their Auergesellschaft facilities and were west of Berlin, hoping to be in an area occupied by the American or British military forces; Riehl was the scientific director for Auergesellschaft and involved in the German atomic energy project Uranverin. Riehl was detained at the search team's facility in Berlin-Friedrichshagen for a week. This sojourn in Berlin turned into 10 years in the Soviet Union! Riehl was sent there to head a group, at Plant No. 12 in Ehlektrostal' (Электросталь), tasked with industrializing the production of reactor-grade uranium.
Manfred von Ardenne, director of their private laboratory Forschungslaboratorium für Elektronenphysik, Gustav Hertz, Nobel laureate and director of Research Laboratory II at Siemens, Peter Adolf Thiessen, ordinarius professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin and director of the Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für physikalische Chemie und Elektrochemie in Berlin-Dahlem, and Max Volmer, ordinarius professor and director of the Physical Chemistry Institute at the Technische Hochschule Berlin, had made a pact. The pact was a pledge that whoever first made contact with the Soviets would speak for the rest. The objectives of their pact were threefold:
Prevent plunder of their institutes,
Continue their work with minimal interruption, and
Protect themselves from prosecution for any political acts of the past.
Before the end of World War II, Thiessen, a member of the Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, had Communist contacts. On 27 April 1945, Thiessen arrived at von Ardenne's institute in an armored vehicle with a major of the Soviet Army, who was also a leading Soviet chemist.
All four of the pact members were taken to the Soviet Union along with colleagues from their institutes. Hertz was made head of Institute G, in Agudseri (Agudzery), about 10 km southeast of Sukhumi and a suburb of Gul'rips (Gulrip'shi). Topics assigned to Gustav Hertz's Institute G included:
Separation of isotopes by diffusion in a flow of inert gases, for which Gustav Hertz was the leader,
Development of a condensation pump, for which Justus Mühlenpfordt was the leader,
Design and build a mass spectrometer for determining the isotopic composition of uranium, for which Werner Schütze was the leader,
Development of frameless (ceramic) diffusion partitions for filters, for which Reinhold Reichmann was the leader, and
Development of a theory of stability and control of a diffusion cascade, for which Heinz Barwich was the leader.
Barwich had been deputy to Hertz at Siemens. Other members of Institute G were Werner Schütze, Karl-Franz Zühlke, and Werner Hartmann. Von Ardenne was made head of Institute A, in Sinop, a suburb of Sukhumi. Volmer went to the Nauchno-Issledovatel'skij Institut-9 (NII-9, Scientific Research Institute No. 9), in Moscow; they were given a design bureau to work on the production of heavy water. At Institute A, Thiessen became leader for developing techniques for manufacturing porous barriers for isotope separation.
The importance of certain scientists and their staffs to the Soviet atomic bomb project was underscored by their being flown to the Soviet Union shortly after the fall of Berlin, announced by the Soviets on 2 May 1945. For example, Manfred von Ardenne and their staff were flown to Moscow on 21 May and Nikolaus Riehl and their staff were flown to Moscow on 9 July. Hartmann and their research staff were flown there on 13 June. Hartmann worked in Agudseri (Agudzery), at Institute G, directed by Gustav Hertz.
In Germany again
In preparation for release from the Soviet Union, it was standard practice to put German scientists into quarantine for a few years if they worked on the Soviet atomic bomb project. Once these talented and capable scientists arrived in the German Democratic Republic (GDR, )), they were plied with high salaries, honors, and good positions as inducements to keep them in the GDR for maintenance of information security (counterintelligence) and both technological and economic development of the GDR.
Hartmann and their group were released from the Soviet Union in March 1955, and they went to the GDR. There, Hartmann demonstrated their scientific and managerial talents in a number of ways, including the founding of an institute which became a leading institute for microelectronics in the entire Soviet Bloc. However, their apolitical nature was the start of a problem for them in the Soviet Union and it followed them into the GDR and magnified under the ruling Party there.
In 1955, Hartmann founded and became the director of the Volkseigener Betrieb Vakutronik Dresden (VEB Dresden, Dresden Vakutronik People's Enterprise); later, it became the Volkseigener Betrieb Rundfunk-und-Fernmeldewesen Meßelektronik Dresden (VEB RFT Meßelektronik Dresden, Dresden Radio and Telecommunications Technology Measurements Electronics People's Enterprise).
In order to teach at a German university, one had to have a doctorate as well as complete Habilitation; Hartmann completed the latter, in 1956, at the Technische Hochschule Dresden (after reorganization and renaming in 1961: Technische Universität Dresden), where they then also became a professor of Kernphysikalische Elektronik. From 1956 and 1957, the Technische Hochschule Dresden had on the faculty other notable German scientists who had returned from working on the Soviet atomic bomb project, including Heinz Barwich (Institute G), Heinz Pose and Ernst Rexer (Laboratory V), and Josef Schintlmeister (Laboratory of Measuring Instruments.)
In 1959 and 1970, Hartmann was awarded the Nationalpreis.
In 1961, Hartmann founded the Arbeitsstelle für Molekularelektronik Dresden (AME, Dresden Office for Microelectronics; 1969 renamed in AMD), which became a leading institute for microelectronics in the entire Soviet Bloc. Hartmann's AMD is not to be confused with AMD Saxony, which is a facility belonging to the American company Advanced Micro Devices. In 1987, Hartmann's institute was recently renamed in Zentrum Mikroelektronik Dresden. ZMD produced the GDR's first 1-megabyte DRAM U61000 in 1988 and is today a fabless semiconductor company named ZMDI
Hartmann had been under surveillance in the Soviet Union, since 1947, for “anti-Soviet statements and attitudes.” After their return to Germany, they were the subject of the intelligence investigation Tablette (Tablet). Hartmann's reading of foreign scientific journals, as well as their management style, brought suspicion on them and accusations of introducing “managerial methods of capitalist countries.” From their apolitical nature, they disliked the way the Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands (SED, Socialist Unity Party of Germany – the ruling party in the GDR) characterized and split the German people into two categories, either “party members” or “non-members”. This resulted in allegations of “non-political conformity” and “disloyalty to the SED”, a direct result from the SED's suspicious view of members of the industrial elite who were not members of the Party. Furthermore, it was even alleged that they spent too much time writing scientific articles. In 1966, they fought receipt of a Soviet security clearance, as they feared this would limit their travel in and scientific contact with the West. In 1974, Hartmann was an object of the security investigation Molekül (Molecule) by the Ministerium für Staatssicherheit (MfS, Ministry for State Security) – the Stasi.
In 1974, Hartmann was removed from their positions, significantly downgraded in position, salary (84% cut), and pension rights, and sent to work as a staff scientist at the VEB Spurenmetalle Freiberg. They were repeatedly taken in for lengthy interrogations during the period 1974 to 1976, and they were threatened with trial for “economic crimes.” However, no trial was to take place.
Hartmann retired in 1977.
Hartmann died in Dresden on 8 March 1988, due to complications after prostate surgery.
Honors
National Prize – 1959 and 1970
The Werner-Hartmann-Preis für Chipdesign (Werner Hartmann Prize for Chip Design) is awarded by the Zentrum Mikroelektronik Dresden (ZMD, Dresden Center for Microelectronics)
Notes
References
Ardenne, Manfred von Erinnerungen, fortgeschrieben. Ein Forscherleben im Jahrhundert des Wandels der Wissenschaften und politischen Systeme. (Droste, 1997)
Augustine, Dolores L. Red Prometheus: Engineering and Dictatorship in East Germany, 1945-1990 (MIT, 2007)
Dieckmann, Christop (2002). "Vernichtung eines Unpolitischen", "Die Zeit" PDF or HTML. Retrieved on 2008-01-17.
Kruglov, Arkadii The History of the Soviet Atomic Industry (Taylor and Francis, 2002)
Maddrell, Paul "Spying on Science: Western Intelligence in Divided Germany 1945–1961" (Oxford, 2006)
Naimark, Norman M. The Russians in Germany: A History of the Soviet Zone of Occupation, 1945-1949 (Belknap, 1995)
Oleynikov, Pavel V. German Scientists in the Soviet Atomic Project, The Nonproliferation Review Volume 7, Number 2, 1 – 30 (2000). The author has been a group leader at the Institute of Technical Physics of the Russian Federal Nuclear Center in Snezhinsk (Chelyabinsk-70).
Riehl, Nikolaus and Frederick Seitz Stalin's Captive: Nikolaus Riehl and the Soviet Race for the Bomb (American Chemical Society and the Chemical Heritage Foundations, 1996) .
External links
Dieckmann, Christop "Vernichtung eines Unpolitischen", "Die Zeit" (2002) – PDF or (2002) – HTML
Elektronik in Dresden. Eine Chronik.
Habilitationsschrift - "Technische Hochschule Dresden", 1956
Physik und Physiker - "Technische Hochschule Dresden"
Hartmann - Professor Werner Hartmann - Triumph und Niederlage des Begründers der DDR-Mikroelektronik
Sachsen LG - Dresdens Aufstieg Chipmetropole: Werner Hartmann im Porträt
1912 births
1988 deaths
Scientists from Berlin
20th-century German physicists
People from the Province of Brandenburg
East German scientists
German expatriates in the Soviet Union
Lady Doctor is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. Sukumar and produced by P. Subramaniam. The film stars Madhu, Sheela, Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai and Vaikkam Mani in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Madhu as Johny
Sheela as Lilly
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai as Mathai
Vaikkam Mani
Aranmula Ponnamma as Shoshamma
Joseph Chacko
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Pankajavalli as Eliyamma
Rajeshwari
S. P. Pillai as Thommi
K. V. Shanthi as Marykutty
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Reginald Lecarno Pleasant (born May 2, 1962 in Pinewood, South Carolina) is a former professional gridiron football defensive back. Playing collegiately for Clemson University, where they won a National Championship in 1981. They then played in the Canadian Football League for eleven seasons with the Toronto Argonauts and the Edmonton Eskimos. They won a Grey Cup with the Argonauts in 1991. They started their professional career with the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League in 1985. They still hold the Toronto Argonauts record for the most career interceptions and most interception return yards.
References
1962 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Clemson Tigers football players
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football defensive backs
Atlanta Falcons players
Toronto Argonauts players
Edmonton Elks players
People from Pinewood, South Carolina
Gustavo Selbach (born 25 August 1974 in Três Coroas) is a Brazilian slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1992 to 2010.
Competing in two Summer Olympics, they earned their best finish of 31st in the K1 event in Barcelona in 1992.
Their older brother Leonardo is also a two-time Olympian in canoe slalom.
References
1974 births
Brazilian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Brazil
Brazilian people of German descent
Gößweinstein Castle (), also called Schloss Gößweinstein, is a mediaeval hilltop castle in Gößweinstein in the county of Forchheim in the German state of Bavaria. It towers high above the market town and the River Wiesent and may have been the inspiration for Richard Wagner's grail castle in their opera, Parsifal. The castle is a Bavarian listed building, no. D-4-74-129-10.
History
The castle was probably named after its founder, Count Gozwin. They were killed in 1065, after they had invaded the territory of the Bishop of Würzburg. The first record of Goswinesteyn castle is dated to 1076. At that time, Emperor Henry IV had Bishop Burchard II of Halberstadt, who had become embroiled in the Saxon Rebellion, incarcerated there, a fact which suggests it was already a strong fortress.
From the time of Bishop Otto of Bamberg there is evidence that the castle became part of the Bamberg estate. From 1348 to 1780 it was the seat of a vogtei under the bishops of Bamberg.
In 1525, during the Peasants' War it was destroyed and rebuilt. During the Second Margrave War in 1553 the castle was again destroyed and later rebuilt.
The castle became a Bavarian possession as a result of secularisation of the Bishopric of Bamberg in 1803. The Bavarian state sold the castle in 1875 to Pauline Rabeneck, a landowning widow from the Manor (Rittergut) of Aspach near Uffenheim. In 1890 Baron Edgar of Sohlern purchased the castle and had it remodelled in the Neogothic style. The castle chapel also has Late Gothic statues.
Today
The castle is still in the hands of the von Sohlen family. It houses a medieval museum which may be visited for a small entrance fee and there is a beer garden and terrace with good views over the Wiesent valley and village of Gößweinstein.
References
Literature
Ursula Pfistermeister: Wehrhaftes Franken - Band 3: Burgen, Kirchenburgen, Stadtmauern um Bamberg, Bayreuth und Coburg, Fachverlag Hans Carl GmbH, Nuremberg, 2002, , pp. 56–58.
Günter Dippold: Zur Geschichte von Burg und Ort Gößweinstein. In: Günter Dippold (Hrsg.): Gößweinstein. Sakrale Mitte der Fränkischen Schweiz. Staffelstein, 1998, , pp. 12–28.
Gustav Voit, Brigitte Kaulich, Walter Rüfer: Vom Land im Gebirg zur Fränkischen Schweiz - Eine Landschaft wird entdeckt. (Schriftenreihe des Fränkische-Schweiz-Vereins, Band 8) Verlag Palm und Enke, Erlangen, 1992, , pp. 103–108.
Björn-Uwe Abels, Joachim Zeune, et al.: Führer zu archäologischen Denkmälern in Deutschland, Band 20: Fränkische Schweiz. Konrad Theiss Verlag GmbH und Co., Stuttgart, 1990, , pp. 162–164.
Hellmut Kunstmann: Die Burgen der östlichen Fränkischen Schweiz. Kommissionsverlag Ferdinand Schöningh, Wurzburg, 1965, pp. 26–63.
External links
Home page of Gößweinstein Castle
Further information at Burgenstraße
Foracheim: Gößweinstein Castle
Artist's impression by Wolfgang Braun
Hill castles
Registered historic buildings and monuments in Bavaria
Forchheim (district)
Gößweinstein
The Luv'd Ones were an American, all-female rock group, of the 1960s.
Char Vinnedge's career as lead guitarist / singer began in the early 1960s with their all-girl group The Tremolons, in which they initially played all instrumentals and recorded a single on Wildwood Records (Benton Harbor, Michigan) for Komotion Music that contained: "Please Let Me Know" (w/vocals) and "Theme For A DJ" (instrumental). About a year later, they signed a record deal with Dunwich Records, changed their name to The Luv'd Ones, and released several more singles over a five-year period, mostly written by Char Vinnedge. The band broke up in 1969.
After Luv'd Ones, Vinnedge founded the group Syrup. In 1971, they recorded an album, Nitro Function, with Billy Cox, the bass player for Jimi Hendrix. The group was signed to Pye Records in 1971.
In the late 1990s the Luv'd Ones signed a five-year deal with Sundazed Records. In 1999 they released all of the Luv'd Ones' Dunwich Records singles and a large collection of their demos on the album Truth Gotta Stand, and at the same time released a four-song EP of the Tremolons music. The project was started in 1997, but Vinnedge died of a heart attack in December of that same year. In 2005, after the deal with Sundazed Records, Rhino Records signed the Luv'd Ones for the single "Up Down Sue", and released it on a four CD box set compilation album, One Kiss Can Lead To Another: Girl Group Sounds, Lost and Found.
Members
Char Vinnedge (born Charlotte Alyce Vinnedge, March 1, 1943, Niles, Michigan - died December 5, 1997, Dowagiac, Michigan) - vocals, lead guitar
Chris Vinnedge (born Christine M. Vinnedge, May 25, 1950, Niles, Michigan - died January 16, 2004, Dowagiac, Michigan) - bass guitar
Mary Gallagher - rhythm guitar
Faith Orem (born January 25, 1945, Niles, Michigan) - drums
References
External links
Cdbaby.com
All-female bands
American pop music groups
Garage rock groups from Michigan
David J. "Okie" O'Connor (1924-2011) was an American funeral director and politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1951 to 1970. They left the House after they were convicted of willful failure to file Federal income tax returns.
Early life and education
O'Connor was born on November 9, 1924, in Boston. Their father, David I. O'Connor, was a funeral director in Roxbury. They attended Mission High School, the Boston School of Business Administration, and Staley College. After becoming a state representative they attended the Boston School of Anatomy and Embalming and University of Massachusetts Boston.
After high school, O'Connor enlisted in the United States Navy. They were stationed on the USS Chester during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Political career
O'Connor first became involved in politics as a community activist in Roxbury. From 1951 to 1970 they were a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. During their tenure as a state representative, O'Connor's interests included finance, consumer protection, housing, and supporting the policies of Democratic governors Paul A. Dever, Foster Furcolo, and Endicott Peabody. O'Connor was a staunch supporter of the Furcolo administration and backed the governor's proposal to create a 3% sales tax. In 1960 Furcolo appointed O'Connor to a six-year term on the Boston Licensing Board.
In 1956, O'Connor helped obtain the release of a Dorchester mother of four who was arrested by Boston Police at 4:30 am for parking violations. After the incident, O'Connor helped pass a bill that would make it a crime for police to serve parking warrants between 10 pm and 7 am.
In 1958, O'Connor supported John F. Thompson, a friend and fellow World War II veteran, in their quest to become Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. O'Connor supported Thompson in spite of opposition from many powerful Democrats including John F. Kennedy, Ted Kennedy, and Endicott Peabody.
On May 31, 1960, O'Connor purchased a vacant lot abutting their funeral home for $300 at a city auction. The sale was voided after William H. McBain, who represented abutting business owner, filed a complaint. McBain claimed that they had the site under observation on the morning the auction was to take place, but did not see anyone on the lot. The Real Property Board voided the sale and order that a second auction be held. McBain, however, withdrew their complaint and did not bid at the second auction because they wanted to keep the good will of their state representative, as there were bills under consideration that could hurt the business they worked for. O'Connor purchased the property at the second auction for $800. The incident was brought before the Boston Finance Commission in 1962 after Real Property Commissioner James J. Sullivan cited the auction as one of the complaints they had to handle since taking office. No action was taken against O'Connor, however, the Finance Commission demanded the dismissal of City Auctioneer John J. McGrath and the abolition of the City Auctioneer's position.
On February 4, 1970, O'Connor was convicted of willful failure to file Federal income tax returns. According to prosecutors, O'Connor did not file income tax returns for the years 1962 and 1963, during which time they had a total income of $44,000. They were sentenced to five months in jail and fined $10,000.
Later life and death
After their retirement, O'Connor resided at their former summer home in Hull, Massachusetts and at the home of their longtime partner in Nokomis, Florida. They died on May 5, 2011, in Sarasota, Florida at the age of 86.
See also
1951–1952 Massachusetts legislature
1953–1954 Massachusetts legislature
1955–1956 Massachusetts legislature
References
1924 births
2011 deaths
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American people convicted of tax crimes
Massachusetts politicians convicted of crimes
Businesspeople from Boston
American funeral directors
Massachusetts Democrats
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Politicians from Boston
People from Hull, Massachusetts
People from Nokomis, Florida
University of Massachusetts Boston alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
United States Navy sailors
American military personnel of World War II
Abbey Hey is an area of Gorton, in the city of Manchester, England. It is known mainly for Debdale Park, Wright Robinson College, Parkstone Park also known as Cat Valley field, the donkey sanctuary & Delamere Park
Sports
Although located just outside the boundaries, its local football club is Abbey Hey F.C.
Abbey Hey is in very close proximity to the Belle Vue Stadium, home to the Belle Vue Aces speedway team and Belle Vue sports village.
Transport
Due to its location, easy transport to Manchester City Centre is provided both by rail at the Gorton railway station or by a variety of Stagecoach bus routes.
7: Ashton-under-Lyne – Gorton – Reddish – Stockport
7A: Ashton-under-Lyne – Gorton – Reddish – Stockport
7B: Ashton-under-Lyne – Droylsden – Reddish – Stockport
171: Newton Heath – Gorton – Levenshulme – East Didsbury – Withington Hospital
172: Newton Heath – Gorton – Levenshulme – West Didsbury – Chorlton-cum-Hardy
Geography
Governance
The area is in the Manchester Gorton parliamentary constituency which has been represented in Westminster by Afzal Khan since June 2017.
Following a boundary review in 2017 the Local Government Boundary Commission for England announced that Abbey Hey would form part of a new electoral ward named Gorton and Abbey Hey for the local elections 2018. Abbey Hey had previously been part of Gorton North electoral ward.
References
Areas of Manchester
The 2021 Antalya Challenger IV was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2021 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Antalya, Turkey between 6 and 12 December 2021.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 29 November 2021.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Sarp Ağabigün
Cem İlkel
Alexandru Jecan
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Andrey Chepelev
Cezar Crețu
Marsel İlhan
Damien Wenger
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
Grigoriy Lomakin
Jakub Paul
Oleg Prihodko
Champions
Singles
Evgenii Tiurnev def. Oleg Prihodko 3–6, 6–4, 6–4.
Doubles
Hsu Yu-hsiou / Oleksii Krutykh def. Sanjar Fayziev / Markos Kalovelonis 6–1, 7–6(7–5).
References
2021 ATP Challenger Tour
2021 in Turkish tennis
December 2021 sports events in Asia
Kawinza is a village and archaeological site in Niafunké Cercle, Timbuktu Region, Mali. It was excavated extensively from 1984 by Téréba Togola, Michael Rainbault and Roderick and Susan McIntosh. Pottery such as vases and fragments were discovered in January of that year. They discovered tumuli here in 1986 and also in Toyla and Tissalaten. The Kawinza tumuli are dated to 670–880 AD.
References
Populated places in Tombouctou Region
Archaeological sites in Mali
Archaeological sites of Western Africa
Jeonji of Baekje (died 420) (r. 405–420) was the eighteenth king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.
As the eldest son, they were confirmed as successor to King Asin, in 394. Their queen was Lady Palsu of the Hae clan.
Jeonji spent much of their youth in the Wa kingdom of Yamato Japan as hostage, going there in 397. Upon their father's death, they returned home to find that their uncle Seollye had murdered Hunhae, Asin's other brother, and usurped the throne. Hae Chung, an inhabitant of Hanseong, warned them not to enter the capital. Shortly thereafter, Seollye was killed and Jeonji made king. Presumably out of gratitude for this, Jeonji made several members of the Hae clan ministers, as well as marrying Lady Palso of the Hae clan. This put an end to the royal family's close ties to the Jin clan.
The traditional dates of Jeonji's rule are based on the Samguk Sagi. On the basis of more contemporaneous Chinese records, Best (1979) has suggested that the years 405–414 are more plausible.
According to the Samguk Sagi, in 406 Baekje sent a tribute mission to the Chinese court of Eastern Jin. It is the first mention of such a mission in more than twenty years, and may indicate that the country had become more secure against Goguryeo. It would have been typical to send such an embassy to inform the Chinese court that a new king had taken power. However, this visit is not confirmed by Chinese sources. In 416 Jin sent envoys to grant the title "General Stabilizing the East" to Jeonji(Yeo Yeong).
Family
Father: Asin of Baekje
Mother: name unknown – from Jin clan.
Younger sister: Shinjedo (新齊都媛, ?–?), King Jeonji sent their younger sister to Emperor Ojin to wait on them along with 7 maids during the 39th year of Ōjin's reign. They were naturalized in Japan where they called them Shisetsuhime.
Half-brother: Buyeo Sin (扶餘信, ?–429) – first appointed in February, 407 as Minister of the Interior (Naesin-jwa'pyeong, 内臣佐平) then elected in 408 as chief minister (Sang-jwa'pyeong, 上佐平) which they held through the reign of three kings.
Queen: Lady Palsu of the Hae clan (팔수부인, 八須夫人)
Guisin of Baekje (久爾辛王, ?–427) – 19th King of Baekje.
Partner of unknown name
Biyu of Baekje – 20th King of Baekje (according to Samguk Sagi, Biyu was an illegitimate son of Jeonji, while other sources name Biyu as Guisin's son. It is not known which sources are right.)
See also
History of Korea
List of Monarchs of Korea
References
Content in this article was copied from Samguk Sagi Scroll 23 at the Shoki Wiki, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 (Unported) (CC-BY-SA 3.0) license.
Best, J.W. (1979). "Notes and questions concerning the Samguk sagi'''s chronology of Paekche's kings Chonji, Guishin, and Piyu". Korean Studies'' 3, 125–134.
420 deaths
Baekje rulers
5th-century monarchs in Asia
Year of birth unknown
5th-century Korean people
4th-century Korean people
Torre di Ruggiero (Calabrian: ) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. A lovey town, with numerous award-winning restaurants and wineries, the region is best known for its royal family where a vast majority reside out of Italy. Historically, common carnival/community even called "Saint De la Rosseio Regeoo" brought the town together for what was deemed the best celebration the town has ever seen.
Geography
The village is bordered by Capistrano, Cardinale, Chiaravalle Centrale, San Nicola da Crissa, Simbario and Vallelonga.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Mount Vance () is a mountain (840 m) rising between Mount LeMasurier and Mount McCrory in the Ickes Mountains of Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Dale L. Vance, an ionospheric scientist at Byrd Station, 1963, and U.S. Exchange Scientist to the Vostok station, 1971.
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Adoption in South Korea, specifically the low rates of domestic adoption in their history, has been a point of discussion for the country, causing new policies to be passed over the years. South Korea, at the conclusion of the Korean War in 1953, began to partake in transnational adoption. As these overseas adoptions increased over the next couple of decades, South Korea pushed to encourage fewer transnational adoptions and more domestic adoptions. The high number of children put up for adoption each year in South Korea can be attributed to a variety of factors: the lack of support for unwed mothers, as well as social stigma, contributed greatly to these numbers. Several organizations have been created to support unwed mothers and combat stigma. There has been changes to adoption policies throughout the decades as well. The Special Adoption Act was passed in 2011 with the intention of boosting domestic adoptions. However, the unexpected outcome of more abandoned children ensued following the amendment taking effect.
History of adoption practices
There was an increased number of displaced children following the Korean War (1950-1953). In 1954, Korean adoptions formally began following the creation of the Children Placement Services. The government created The Five Year Plan for Adoption and Foster Care in 1976 which was directed at increasing domestic adoption. This plan was not as effective as intended because, just nine years later, the country reached its peak of international adoption rates. After South Korea reached this peak in 1985, having sent 8,837 children abroad, the country received criticism for such high numbers of international adoption. In 1989, South Korea implemented a new policy to eventually, put an end to international adoption, and in turn, keep adoptions domestic. For the time being, it was stated that the goal would be that only mixed-race and disabled children would be exported for international adoptions. 2007 brought a new policy in an attempt to increase domestic adoption. This policy was established to prioritize domestic adoptions by only allowing children to be adopted domestically for a period of five months after the child was put up for adoption.
Special Adoption Act and its aftermath
In 2011, adoption law in South Korea was amended, known as the Special Adoption Act. In August of 2012, the Special Adoption Act went into effect. The Special Adoption Act was passed in the hopes of increasing domestic adoption and decreasing international adoption. This new amendment changed some of the regulations regarding the adoption process. To start, there were three new stipulations related to the birthparents included in this amendment. First, it required a waiting period of seven days post childbirth before the birthparents could consent to adoption. Second, it became mandatory for birthparents to be informed, in the event they kept the child, of available resources. This was meant to urge the birthparents to reconsider and to discourage adoption altogether. The last requirement of the birthparents put in place by this act is the obligation to go to family court for adoption. The obligatory approval of the family court meant that adoptions, and the birthparents that put their children up for adoption, would become documented in public records.
Aside from the effect of the Special Adoption Act on birthparents, there became new rules and regulations regarding adoptive parents. Adoptive parents were to, following the implementation of the act, be screened for any history of any criminal activity such as child abuse, drug abuse, domestic violence, and other related activities that would indicate an unsafe home for children. If anything of this nature surfaces at any point during the adoption process, the adoption can be cancelled.
For the adopted children, there became more resources available to them. Through the Special Adoption Act, the Central Adoption Agency was formed. The Central Adoption Agency was a way to keep track of birthparents' data for adopted children to access later in their lives if the birthparents consented to the disclosure of personal information about themselves. Adopted children may access information related to their adoption even if they do not have access to the information about their birthparents. In special circumstances, such as for medical purposes, the consent of the birthparents is not required for the adopted child to receive the necessary information.
State of domestic adoption and abandonment following the Special Adoption Act
While the Special Adoption Act was passed with the intention of increasing domestic adoption and decreasing other events such as international adoption and child abandonment, it did not reap the results expected. Following the amendment, the ratio of domestic adoptions to international adoptions increased, but there were fewer adoptions overall. This was a result of more children being abandoned instead of being put up for adoptions by parent(s). In 2010, before the Special Adoption Act was passed, there were 191 children abandoned in South Korea. The year the amendment went into effect, 2012, the number of children abandoned increased to 235.
Unwed mothers and childcare
Unwed parents have contributed greatly to the large number of children put up for adoption each year. From adoption statistics in 2012, unwed mothers birthed about 92.8 percent of the children adopted. The high number of adopted children with unwed birthmothers can be explained through a variety of reasons. To start, the stigma in South Korea discourages unwed mothers to raise their children. This was part of the issue with the Special Adoption Act because, since adoptions were required to be on government records, some mothers did not want to have adoption be part of their written history. In addition, government support for single mothers was not provided until 2003. Even after government support began, the funds allotted were only 50,000 won, or $44, per month. In 2009, this monthly allowance increased to 100,000 won, or $89, per month. To continue, the lack of sufficient childcare has contributed to this cycle of unwed mothers giving up their children for adoption. Without sufficient childcare, it hinders the mother's chance to access full-time employment, therefore placing a barrier between the mother and adequate welfare opportunities that are only offered to full-time, formal employees. Following the concern in 1990 of there only being enough childcare centers to provide for less than 9 percent of children in need of it, some reform took place. Between 1995 and 1997, South Korea invested money into building new facilities, but the increased need for these facilities caused this effort to not be sufficient. At the start of 2012, the government stated that they would begin to offer childcare to all that need it, specifically children under two years old, no matter the income of the parents. By the end of the year, however, this program was not able to stay in place because of the high costs to keep it intact.
Organizations to support unwed mothers
Organizations have emerged to provide support for the rights of unwed mothers in South Korea. Listed below are a few of the main ones.
Korean Unwed Mother Family Association (KUMFA)
Korean Unwed Mothers Support Network
Truth and Reconciliation for the Adoption Community of Korea (TRACK)
Adoptee Solidarity Korea
See also
International adoption of South Korean children
References
Law of South Korea
Paul Simpson is an English musician, vocalist, lyricist and writer from Liverpool, England, best known for their work with the Wild Swans and Care. Musically, their contributions have crossed the genres of synth-pop, post-punk, neo-psychedelia, new wave and ambient.
Career
Born in Huyton, Simpson studied at Hugh Baird College in Bootle, and later shared a flat (vacated by Julian Cope and their first wife after they broke up) on Devonshire Road with Pete de Freitas (and later Courtney Love).
Their music career began in the mid-1970s punk rock band Psycho Mesh, after which they joined up with their school friend Will Sergeant as Industrial Domestic, and then the bedsit collaboration with Cope, Ian McCulloch and others under the name 'A Shallow Madness'. This later transformed into the Cope-led Teardrop Explodes, while McCulloch went on to form Echo & the Bunnymen.
They left the Teardrops in 1979 to form their own band the Wild Swans in 1980. Between the two incarnations of the band, they were also co-founder of the duo Care with Ian Broudie, later of the Lightning Seeds.
Care broke up around 1984 and after a while, they and a Mark II version of the Wild Swans reformed to record 1988's Bringing Home the Ashes and 1989's Space Flower.
After the Wild Swans split in 1990, Simpson embarked on a variety of more-or-less solo projects, including 'The White Capsule', the ambient instrumental 'Skyray', and the spoken work project The Dream Diaries, which came out of their fellowship at John Moores University.
Simpson re-formed the Wild Swans in 2009 with original member Ged Quinn, releasing a third studio album in 2011. After a virus contracted in Sri Lanka damaged their lungs, they stopped singing and has focused on instrumental pieces and writing.
For several years, they worked on their crowdfunded autobiography, Incandescent.
Discography
Albums
The Dream Diaries (2005), Astral Girl
Man in a Burning Anorak – Vol 1 (2010), Astral Girl
Man in a Burning Anorak – Vol 2 (2010), Astral Girl
as Skyray
"Invisible" (1996), Ochre
Tranquilliser (1996), Ochre
"Neptune Variations" (1997), Ochre
"Womb" (1999), Space Age
Mind Lagoons (1999), Ochre
Slow Dissolve (2000), Magnetic
Ice Rink Music (2004), Astral Girl
Liquid Crystal Display (2005), Astral Girl
with The Teardrop Explodes
"When I Dream" single (1979), Zoo
with The Wild Swans
see The Wild Swans (band)#Discography
with Care
see Care (band)#Discography
with The Serpents
You Have Just Been Poisoned (1998), Ochre
References
External links
Interview 1
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English new wave musicians
Musicians from Liverpool
English male singer-songwriters
The Wild Swans members
The Teardrop Explodes members
Male new wave singers
British post-punk musicians
Pu Zhiqiang (born 17 January 1965) is a Chinese civil rights lawyer who specialises in press freedom, defamation, and product safety, and other issues. Based in Beijing, they are an executive partner of the Huayi Law Firm. Pu is known for being a prominent member of the Weiquan movement, having advocated for writers and journalists in a number of high-profile cases. Due to the nature of the cases they have taken on and their criticism of official Chinese policies, Pu's actions are monitored by the Chinese state security services, and they have been detained and questioned on several occasions.
Biography
Pu Zhiqiang received an undergraduate degree in history from Nankai University in 1986, and a Master of Laws degree from China University of Political Science and Law in 1991. When they were a postgraduate student, they joined the pro-democracy movement in 1989. Writing for the New York Review of Books, Pu described how they return to the Square annually with friends and family to mark the anniversary of the crackdown in fulfillment of a promise they made in 1989.
Pu is known for being a prolific blogger on the Weibo platform, and for their "casual sarcasm." Their posts are characterised by NYRB as "short, Twitter-like" and are "unusual for their cleverness."  They are well known as a human rights activist, and their blogging has tested the boundaries of Chinese government censorship. They have tens of thousands of followers. However, once their Weibo accounts reach a certain level of popularity, censors delete their account and they have to start again.
Advocacy
Pu has been involved in a number of high-profile freedom of speech cases in China, defending dissident writers and journalists. In 2004, they defended writers Chen Guidi and Wu Chuntao. The couple was facing libel charges for their portrayals of local Communist Party official Zhang Xide in their best-selling book A Survey of the Chinese Peasants. The case—and Pu's litigation in court—garnered international attention. Philip Pan of the Washington Post wrote that "by the time [Pu] finished their cross-examination, the mood in the courtroom had begun to change. When the trial ended three days later, ... it seemed as if Zhang – and the Communist Party itself – were the ones on trial." The same year, Pu won a landmark victory on behalf of the China Reform magazine, which was similarly facing libel charges for its critical reporting on a real estate developer. The court decided in the magazine's favor, ruling that journalists are entitled to legal immunity on the condition that their stories are based on a reasonably believable source, rather than hearsay or fabrication.
In 2006, Pu represented dissident writer Wang Tiancheng, who charged that legal professor Zhou Yezhong had plagiarised over 5,000 words of their writings without attribution. Although the court recognized that plagiarism had occurred, it ultimately ruled that the copied material represented too small a portion of the Zhou's book to constitute a crime. Pu told the South China Morning Post that they believed the court's decision may have been politically motivated. In 2009, Pu represented Tan Zuoren, who documented deaths that occurred as a result of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake.
In 2012, Pu represented artist Ai Weiwei when their company sued the Beijing tax authority. That same year, they also represented Tang Hui, who had been sent to a labor camp for peacefully petitioning against the sentences given to the people who raped their 11-year-old daughter, and then forced them into prostitution. Tang, who repeatedly petitioned officials in Yongzhou in their daughter's case, was eventually sentenced to 18 months in "re-education through labor" for "seriously disturbing the social order and exerting a negative impact on society." Tang's sentence sparked calls for the abolition of the system of re-education through labor. Pu was one of three lawyers who defended Fang Hong, a dissident blogger who had been sentenced to one year in a labor camp for writing a poem mocking former Chongqing Communist Party chief Bo Xilai. Following Bo's fall from power following a corruption scandal, Fang filed to have their guilty verdict overturned, and sought compensation from the court.
2014 arrest
Pu was arrested by the Chinese police in May 2014, ostensibly for having "caused a disturbance." The arrest followed Pu's attendance at a meeting of dissidents who were campaigning for official recognition of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. Four other lawyers who attended the event were also jailed. The prosecution examined their personal history, notes and computers, and interrogated their associates, but failed to find any evidence of treason, sexual misconduct, or corruption. The only evidence provided by the prosecution consisted of provocative blog posts. They remained in custody despite the courts having rejecting the case for lack of evidence.
A statement released by the American foreign ministry on 6 May 2015 asked that Pu be released, saying that this was in accordance "with China's international human rights commitments." Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying responded the next day, saying that "I think lots of people have the same feeling with me, that some people in the United States have hearts that are too big and hands that are too long. Washington should address human rights problems at home and stop trying to be the world's police officer or judge."
In December 2015, Pu was put on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. On 22 December 2015, Pu was found guilty of picking quarrels and inciting ethnic hatred, and given a suspended three-year prison sentence. Pu reported that they had been disbarred in April 2016, due to their postings on social media.
Pu was nominated by an international group of writers, scholars, activists and legal observers for the 2016 Global Freedom of Expression Prize sponsored by the Columbia University Global Freedom of Expression Center.
Notes
External links
News about Pu Zhiqiang from China Digital Times
1965 births
20th-century Chinese lawyers
21st-century Chinese lawyers
Free speech activists
Chinese human rights activists
Living people
Weiquan movement
Disbarred lawyers
People from Luanzhou
Yorke Rosenberg Mardall (Yorke, Rosenberg and Mardall, YRM) was a British architectural firm established by F. R. S. Yorke (1906-1962), Eugene Rosenberg (1907-1990) and Cyril Mardall (Sjöström) (1909-1994) in 1944.
History
The international character of this modernist firm was created by Rosenberg, born in Slovakia and who practised architecture in Prague before the Second World War, and Mardall, born in Finland, as well as by the number of staff from all parts of the world. Their most notable trademark was the use of white ceramic tiles for the treatment of external façades inspired by Le Corbusier's use of tiles on the entrance drum of the Armée de Salut (1929) in Paris and the General Pensions Institute (1929–34) in Prague designed by Josef Havlíček and Karel Honzík and worked on by Rosenberg. Their main field of work was hospitals, schools, colleges, offices and industrial buildings as well as Gatwick airport.
David Allford became a partner in 1958, becoming joint senior partner in 1975. The company was floated on the stock market in 1987 as YRM plc, with David Allford as chairperson.
In 2011 the company was sold to RMJM.
Notable projects
Queensmead School (formerly Queensmead Secondary Modern School) (1953)
Gatwick Airport (1958–88)
YRM Offices, Greystoke Place, London (1961)
Crawley Hospital (1961)
Liverpool University Electrical Engineering Building (1965)
University of Warwick (1966)
Hull Royal Infirmary (1967)
Control and Briefing Building, Newcastle Airport (1967)
Cottam power stations (1969)
Luton Airport Britannia Airways Hangar (1970)
Manchester Magistrates Courts (1971)
Keddie's Store, Southend (1971)
Sizewell B (1971–95)
John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford (1972)
Lynemouth power station (1972)
St Thomas' Hospital (1966-1975)
YRM Offices, Britton Street, London (1976)
Alied Dunbar Centre Swindon (1980)
Humana Hospital London (1982)
References
Literature
The Architecture of Yorke Rosenberg Mardall, Lund Humphries, London 1972.
Alan Powers, In the Line of Development: FRS Yorke, E Rosenberg and CS Mardall to YRM, 1930-1992, RIBA Heinz Gallery, London, 1992
Jeremy Melvin, FRS Yorke and the Evolution of English Modernism, Wiley-Academy, London, 2003
Ivan Margolius, Honzík and Yorke: How a Czech Architect Became the Prime Mover in the Ascent of Modern Architecture in Great Britain, The British Czech and Slovak Review, Winter 2017, no. 157, pp. 6 – 7.
Architecture firms of the United Kingdom
1944 establishments in the United Kingdom
Cheikh Tidiane N'Doye (born 29 March 1986) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Red Star. They made 30 appearances scoring twice for the Senegal national team between 2014 and 2019.
Club career
Born in Rufisque, N'Doye began their career with Yakaar before moving to France to play for Épinal. Following their time there, they had stints at Créteil and Angers.
They were captain of Angers in the 2016–17 season leading them to the Coupe de France final which they lost 1–0 to Paris Saint-Germain.
On 14 July 2017, N'Doye signed a two-year contract with English club Birmingham City, moving on a free transfer. They went straight into the starting eleven for the opening fixture of the 2017–18 season, which Birmingham lost 1–0 away to Ipswich Town, and made 37 league appearances as their team narrowly avoided relegation from the Championship. N'Doye appeared in Birmingham's first two matches of 2018–19, but with the club under pressure to reduce expenditure to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations, they were allowed to return to their former club, Angers, on loan for the season. They were released by Birmingham when their contract expired in June 2019.
On 6 October 2020, after over a year without a club, N'Doye returned to France, signing a one-year deal with Championnat National side Red Star.
International career
N'Doye made their international debut for Senegal in 2014. They were a member of Senegal's 23-man squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. In April 2019 they suffered a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament so missed the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Senegal's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Ndoye's goal.
Honours
Créteil
Championnat National: 2012–13
Angers
Coupe de France runners-up: 2016–17
References
1986 births
Living people
People from Rufisque
Senegalese footballers
Senegal international footballers
Association football midfielders
ASC Yakaar players
SAS Épinal players
US Créteil-Lusitanos players
Angers SCO players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Red Star F.C. players
Senegal Premier League players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National players
Ligue 2 players
Ligue 1 players
English Football League players
2017 Africa Cup of Nations players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
Senegalese expatriate footballers
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Renegar Glacier () is a steep glacier in Antarctica that flows southeast from Mount Dromedary into Koettlitz Glacier. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–62. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Garland Renegar, U.S. Navy, R4D aircraft pilot at McMurdo Station, 1960.
See also
Backdrop Ridge
References
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Boys From The Bush is a British television series produced by the BBC. It was created and written by Douglas Livingstone. Two series of ten episodes each were made between 1991 and 1992. Although never achieving mainstream success, the series has since gathered a dedicated cult following.
Plot
The series dealt with the life of Reg Toomer (Tim Healy), a British man living in Australia and running Melbourne Confidential, a failing private detective agency with their shifty business partner Dennis Tontine (Chris Haywood). Their estranged young cousin Leslie (Mark Haddigan) arrives in Melbourne from the United Kingdom after a painful divorce looking for fun and excitement in the new world, instead they find themselves used as a drone for Melbourne Confidential.
Each episode focused on a particular job undertaken by Melbourne Confidential, each one more elaborate and of more dubious legality than the last. The course of the main plot would often converge with subplots involving Reg's lovelorn wife Doris (Pat Thomson), assertive daughter Arlene (Nadine Garner), Dennis' ex-wife Corrie (Kirsty Child) and kindly madam Delilah (Kris McQuade).
External links
BBC Television shows
1991 British television series debuts
1992 British television series endings
1990s British drama television series
BBC television dramas
English-language television shows
Reynolds Ice Rise () is a small ice rise lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) southeast of Wade Ice Rise in Wordie Ice Shelf, Fallières Coast. The ice rise was mapped from U.S. Landsat imagery, 1974–79. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1987 after John M. Reynolds, British Antarctic Survey (BAS) glaciologist, 1978–83, who undertook a study of intensive calving of Wordie Ice Shelf from Landsat imagery.
Ice rises of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
The 1985–86 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 47th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Stjernen won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
Kvalserien
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1985 in Norwegian sport
1986 in Norwegian sport
Shinobu Asagoe and Nana Miyagi were the defending champions, but lost in quarterfinals to Yan Zi and Zheng Jie.
Maria Sharapova and Tamarine Tanasugarn won the title by defeating Ansley Cargill and Ashley Harkleroad 7–6(7–1), 6–0 in the final.
This tournament saw an unusual event, as all seeded pairs were eliminated in quarterfinals.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Official Results Archive (ITF)
Official Results Archive (WTA)
Doubles
Fundamental is the ninth studio album by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys. It was released in May 2006 in the United Kingdom, Europe, Japan and Canada. It was released in late June 2006 in the United States. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number five on 28 May 2006. In the US the album peaked at number 150 selling 7,500 copies in its first week. As of April 2009 it had sold 46,000 copies in the US and 66,000 copies in the UK. Fundamental earned two Grammy nominations at the 2007 Grammy Awards for Best Dance/Electronic Album and Best Dance Recording with "I'm with Stupid".
The album was produced by the Pet Shop Boys and Trevor Horn and it features eleven new Pet Shop Boys compositions, and "Numb", written by Diane Warren (Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe originally planned to have "Numb" be one of two new tracks on PopArt, but opted instead for "Miracles" and "Flamboyant").
The liner notes show that the album is dedicated to two executed Iranian gay teenagers, Mahmoud Asgari and Ayaz Marhoni, who were hanged on 19 July 2005. Some reports have suggested the two may have been executed for engaging in homosexual behaviour, though the official Iranian report was that they were hanged for raping a 13-year-old boy. The album was very well received by critics, some considering it to be their best album since Very, but its sales failed to improve much on the sales of their last two albums.
The album re-entered the UK Album Chart at number thirty-two in 2017 following the album's Further Listening 2005-2007 reissue.
Overview
Subject matter
The album has been noted for being more political than any other of the duo's albums to date; even the title, in one sense, is a reference to religious fundamentalism – portrayed here in a light, critical manner, which singer Neil Tennant attributes to the relatively relaxed status of religious freedom in the United Kingdom.
Specific contemporary issues discussed in the lyrics include tensions and fears in the United States caused by the War on Terrorism, addressed in songs such as "Psychological" and "Luna Park" ("Luna Park" being the name of various amusement parks around the world). Other songs refer to the politics of the band's home country; "Indefinite leave to remain" refers to an immigration status in the United Kingdom, while "Integral" criticises the Identity Cards Act 2006. (A statement from a band spokesperson cites the issue as the reason that Tennant ceased their well-publicized support of Tony Blair's Labour Party.) "I'm with Stupid", meanwhile, touches upon both countries by satirizing Blair's alliance with George W. Bush. (See also special relationship.)
Other subject matters are dealt with as well. "Casanova in Hell" is about the 18th century historical figure Giacomo Casanova, and how they immortalized themselves by writing memoirs about their history of sexual seduction of numerous women. Tennant refers to, specifically, the book Casanova's Homecoming by Arthur Schnitzler as their inspiration for the song. (It was sung by Rufus Wainwright at its very first live performance, at a private concert recorded for BBC Radio 2 at the Mermaid Theatre on 8 May 2006.) "The Sodom and Gomorrah Show" references two of the biblical cities of sin, Sodom and Gomorrah, in saying that to learn to 'go where angels fear to tread' (i.e. to sin) is to learn to live freely.
Music
The album is Pet Shop Boys' first collaboration with Trevor Horn since the 1989 single "It's Alright". Its sound bears the producer's heavily orchestral style (also present on that song), most frequently associated with the 1982 ABC album The Lexicon of Love as well as the 1984 Frankie Goes to Hollywood single "Two Tribes" and subsequent album Welcome to the Pleasuredome. Horn was also musical director for the Radio 2 concert, which featured the BBC Concert Orchestra.
The album's personnel included many of Horn's frequent musical collaborators, including Anne Dudley, Tessa Niles, Jamie Muhoberac, Phil Palmer, Steve Lipson, Lol Creme, Tim Pierce, Earl Harvin, Frank Ricotti, Luis Jardim, Lucinda Barry.
Fundamentalism
Special limited editions of the album include a second bonus CD called Fundamentalism. The disc includes remixed tracks with contributions by artists such as Alter Ego. "In Private", here presented as a duet with Elton John, was originally a Dusty Springfield song written and produced by the Pet Shop Boys. First released as a single in 1989, it was later included on the 1990 album Reputation. The powerful opening track "Fugitive" contains lyrics suggestive of a dialogue between a male terrorist and a person who has a close relationship with them - originally conceived by Tennant as the terrorist's sister, but later re-cast in their thoughts as either the terrorist's sister, their brother or a close friend - thus continuing the political themes of the main album.
Track listing
All songs written by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe, except where noted.
Fundamental
"Psychological" – 4:10
"The Sodom and Gomorrah Show" – 5:19 (Tennant)
"I Made My Excuses and Left" – 4:53
"Minimal" – 4:21
"Numb" – 4:43 (Diane Warren)
"God Willing" – 1:17
"Luna Park" – 5:31
"I'm with Stupid" – 3:24
"Casanova in Hell" – 3:13
"Twentieth Century" – 4:39
"Indefinite Leave to Remain" – 3:08 (Tennant)
"Integral" – 3:55
Fundamentalism
Further Listening 2005–2007
Personnel
Pet Shop Boys
Neil Tennant - lead and backing vocals, keyboards, guitar
Chris Lowe - keyboards, synthesizers, drum programming, rapping
Guest musicians
Pete Gleadall – original programming
Nick Ingman – orchestral arrangement and conduction on tracks 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9 & 12
Alanna Tavernier and Laura Edwards – backing vocals on track 1
Pete Murray – additional keyboards on track 1, 4, 5, 10 & 11
Jamie Muhoberac – additional keyboards on tracks 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11 & 12; bass on track 4
Patrick Lannigan – bass on track 1, 3 & 4
Earl Harvin – vibraphone on tracks 1 & 2; acoustic drums on track 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 11 & 12; electronic drums on track 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 & 12; marimba on track 2 & 4; bass on track 3
Skaila Kanga – harp on tracks 1, 3, 4, 6, 7 & 9
Anne Dudley – orchestral and brass arrangement and conducting on tracks 2 & 11
Helene Parker, Sarah Eyden, Emma Brain Gabbot and Julia Doyle – backing vocals on track 2
Tessa Niles – backing vocals on tracks 2, 8, 9 & 12
Jenny O'Grady – choir master on track 2
Fred Applegate – narration on track 2
Oliver Pouliot – additional voice on track 2
Dave Clayton – additional keyboards and programming on tracks 2, 7 & 9; keyboards and programming on track 6
Luca Baldini – additional keyboards on tracks 2 & 11, additional programming on track 2
Phil Palmer – guitar on tracks 2, 4, 7, 8, 9, 10 & 11
Steve Lipson – guitar on tracks 2 & 12
Lalo Creme – guitar on tracks 2, 8, 10 & 12
Trevor Horn – guitar on tracks 2, 6, 9, 11 & 12; bass guitar on tracks 2, 4, 6 & 7; additional keyboards on track 3 & 7; additional vocals on track 4, additional programming on track 7
Virgil Howe – acoustic drums on track 2; percussion on track 7
Cliff Hewitt – electronic drums on tracks 2, 7, 8; acoustic drums on track 9; percussion on track 12
Frank Ricotti – percussion on tracks 2, 7, 9, 10 & 12
Lucinda Barry – harp on tracks 2, 4, 7, 9 & 12; backing vocals on tracks 9 & 12
Steve Sidwell – orchestral arrangement and conducting on track 5
Gavyn Wright – orchestra leader on track 5
Tim Pierce – acoustic and electric guitars on track 5
Luís Jardim – percussion on track 5
Simon Chamberlain – additional keyboards on track 7
Robert Orton – shaker on track 7
Debi Doss – backing vocals on tracks 9 & 12
Andy Caine and Bruce Woolley – backing vocals on track 12
Guests on Fundamentalism
Pete Gleadall – Original programming
Richard X – Production on track 1
Pete Hoffman – Mix on track 1
Anders Trentemøller – Additional production, instrumentation and remixing on track 2
Mikael Simpson – Additional bass on track 2
Roman Flügel and Jörn Elling – Remix and additional production on track 3
Michael Mayer and Superpitcher – Remix production on track 4
Melnyk – Remix and additional production on track 5
Elton John – Duet vocals on track 6
Stuart Chrichton – Production and mix on track 6
Lobe – Remix and additional production on track 7
Olof Dettinger – Remix production on track 8
Fundamental (original track listing)
On 22 December 2005, the official Pet Shop Boys website announced an early track listing for the album and gave a release date of 17 April 2006 with new single "Minimal" arriving a few weeks beforehand. This was quickly followed up on 23 December, when pop music fansite Popjustice gave the first review of the album.
On 13 February 2006, it was announced that the release date of Fundamental had been pushed back to 22 May, because EMI needed "more set-up time". At the same time "I'm with Stupid" was announced to be the revised lead single. This was followed on 4 April 2006, with news that there would be a limited edition of the new album that would include a bonus CD called Fundamentalism.
Singles
"Psychological" – In December 2005, a limited 12-inch white label of "Psychological" was released. This one-track promo single featured an instrumental mix of the track, clocking in at 4:05.
"I'm with Stupid" – the first commercially available single from Fundamental released 8 May 2006 in the UK.
"Minimal" – released 24 July 2006, "Minimal" was announced by the Pet Shop Boys on 6 May as the second commercially available single from Fundamental in the UK.
"Numb" – released on 16 October 2006, announced on the official website on 4 September.
"Integral" – a new version of this song was released to promote the album Disco 4.
B-sides and other released songs
"Fugitive" (Fundamentalism, "Beautiful People" German release B-side)
"In Private" (featuring Elton John) (Fundamentalism remix and "Minimal" original B-side)
"The Resurrectionist" ("I'm with Stupid" B-side)
"Girls Don't Cry" ("I'm with Stupid" B-side)
"Blue on Blue" ("Minimal" B-side)
"No Time for Tears" (Battleship Potemkin original, "Minimal" B-side)
"Party Song" ("Numb" B-side)
"Bright Young Things" ("Numb" B-side)
"Psychological" (Ewan Pearson remix) (Fundamental original, "Numb" remix)
Release details
The album was released in various countries:
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
External links
Pet Shop Boys' official website
2006 albums
Pet Shop Boys albums
Parlophone albums
Rhino Entertainment albums
Albums produced by Trevor Horn
The yellow-rumped antwren (Euchrepomis sharpei) s an insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to the Yungas (east Andean foothills) of Bolivia (La Paz and Cochabamba) and immediately adjacent Peru (Puno and Cusco).
It is rarely seen but has been recorded at the Cochabamba-Villa Tunari road, Chapare, Cochabamba, in 1979; in the Serranía Bellavista north of Caranavi, La Paz, in 1979-1980 and 1997, although playback surveys at the start of the breeding season in 2005 failed to find it and it may no longer be present there; Cerro Asunta Plata, La Paz in 1993; Rio Paracti, Chapare, Cochabamba in 2000, and between San Juan del Oro and Putina Punco, Puno in 2007. It may have been overlooked to some extent, and it may possibly occur in reasonably high density along the Manu road, where it occurs above its congener T. callinota in the only known area of overlap. A population estimate exceeding 10,000 individuals has been suggested, although the species does appear to be naturally rare and patchily distributed, and playback surveys in several areas of prime habitat have failed to find it. Numbers have almost certainly declined substantially owing to recent deforestation.
The yellow-rumped antwren was described by the German ornithologist Hans von Berlepsch in 1901 and given the binomial name Terenura sharpei. The current genus Euchrepomis was introduced in 2012.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
yellow-rumped antwren
Birds of the Yungas
yellow-rumped antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
N33, or rijksweg 33, is a expressway in the provinces of Groningen and Drenthe in the Netherlands.
Provincial roads in the Netherlands
Provincial roads in Drenthe
Provincial roads in Groningen (province)
Transport in Eemsdelta
Transport in Het Hogeland
Transport in Midden-Groningen
Patrick Bouchard (born 1974 in Saguenay, Quebec) is a Canadian animator. A graduate of the Université du Québec à Chicoutimi, they made their first animated film Jean Leviériste while attending that institution.
 They are a four-time winner of the Prix Jutra/Prix Iris for Best Animated Short Film for their films The Brainwashers (2003), Dehors novembre (2006), Bydlo (2012) and The Subject (2018), and a three-time Genie Award and Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Animated Short Film, for Dehors novembre, Bydlo and The Subject.
Filmography
1996: Jean Leviériste
2002: The Brainwashers (Les Ramoneurs cérébraux)
2005: Dehors novembre
2007: Talon d'argile
2007: Subservience (Révérence)
2012: Bydlo
2018: The Subject (Le Sujet)
References
External links
1974 births
Artists from Quebec
Canadian animators
Canadian animated film directors
Film directors from Quebec
Living people
People from Saguenay, Quebec
Université du Québec à Chicoutimi alumni
The Keller was an automobile produced by the Keller Motors Corporation of Huntsville, Alabama, United States, between 1947 and 1950. It was based on the earlier Bobbi-Kar produced by the Bobbi Motor Car Corp. of San Diego, California. Keller Motors restyled the Bobbi-Kar and switched power from a four-cylinder to Hercules engines of and .
A great deal of the franchise money was spent on development of John Liefeld's original Bobbi-Kar design. (Liefeld was a 32-year-old former Chrysler engineer who'd spent the war years at Convair.) This design was originally developed in Bobbi-Kar's San Diego facility and then the company and key employees moved to Birmingham, Alabama, which company President S.A. Williams deemed was a more business friendly location. In late 1946/early 1947 a coup was undertaken by the Bobbi-Kar management team and George D. Keller, a former Sales VP for Studebaker Corporation. Keller took over as President, replacing Williams. In mid-1947 the Wartime Assets Administration was eager to lease empty WWII surplus chemical munitions manufacturing buildings located at Huntsville Arsenal (now Redstone Arsenal) in Huntsville, Alabama. They made Keller Motors an attractive lease deal they felt Keller could not refuse. In mid-1947 company assets were loaded into railroad boxcars and were quickly moved to Buildings 471 and 481 on Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville. These two buildings later (renamed 4471 and 4481) became key buildings at the Marshall Space Flight Center and were used to design and build rocket and propulsion systems that eventually sent man to the Moon. (These two buildings were demolished in 2014).
Only eighteen Kellers were produced in Huntsville before the death of George D. Keller brought an end to production. They had a short wheelbase of and a 3-speed transmission. Along with the Huntsville location, Keller now staffed another office in Detroit, close to the center of the auto industry. Keller was unsure about Liefeld's design, and demanded that friends of his, qualified engineers from Chrysler, Packard and Studebaker, should look over every aspect of the prototypes. In addition, since the Bobbi-Kar, and hence the Keller, had been deliberately designed to use as many off-the-shelf parts as possible, it made good sense to have a Detroit office in direct contact with the suppliers, most of whom were clustered around the Big Three.
Keller Motors soon had a staff of nearly 70 designers, engineers and purchasing agents on the payroll. According to Liefeld, in the aftermath of the unfavorable publicity that swirled around the Tucker, Davis and Playboy stock schemes, the SEC kept a close watch on Keller Motors. In order to prove that the company did in fact intend to make cars, Liefeld was required to obtain quadruplicate copies of all design drawings, purchase orders and letters of commitment from suppliers, noting exactly what parts, how many and when they would supply these items to Keller. The actual design of the car was changed very little over the years except that the rear-engine roadster was dropped in favor of a conventional convertible to go along with the station wagon as to better use proprietary parts.
According to Liefeld, they received a lot of help from major industry figures, mostly through Keller's auto industry contacts. But the Detroit firms, they say, "were definitely not interested in getting into the small car business. They told us in effect, 'there is a market for a small car, but it is a limited market, and we don't want to touch it unless we're absolutely forced to. We think a small company like yours is the right company to do this and we'll do all we can to help." Unlike Preston Tucker who constantly publicly slammed the safety and quality of the Big Three offerings, Keller maintained a warm and positive relationship with fellow automakers.
Keller's contacts soon gave their approval to Liefeld's straightforward design. The improved and larger Keller "Super Chief" Woodie Station Wagon, it seems, was deemed quite acceptable. The franchise dealer network, too, was rapidly becoming a reality. The real problem, and the principal cause of delay, was the need for some $5 million to pay for production tooling and initial supply of parts. A common stock sale was the only solution. The father of Keller's account executive at Buchanan & Company was the head of Allen and Co., a major stockbroker. They agreed to handle the stock sale, but in turn, subcontracted with Greenfield, Lax & Co., an affiliate of Lehman Brothers, to sell the $5-million worth of stock.
"For a period of two and a half years," says Liefeld, "we were on the defensive with the SEC. Playboy, Tucker, and Davis all had indictments against them. Keller was the only company that, throughout the period, stayed clean. After $130,000 in attorney's fees, the SEC said in effect, 'We're awfully sorry, fellows, you're clean as a whistle."
When the final approval was granted, Greenfield, Lax & Co. wasted no time in issuing an extremely detailed prospectus. Dated September 1949, this document indicates that Keller Motors had spent some $1.25 million, divided equally between promotional expenses, design and development, and the establishment of some 1,523 dealer outlets (the final number of dealers signed up was 1,689). In typically-guarded stock prospectus language, the firm indicated that while it had made substantial progress in development, it did not "represent or infer that it has solved the principal problems of the business in which it intends to engage." Recognizing "the development and improvement of an automobile is a process of almost continual change," the corporation modestly admitted that "the final model of the completely designed American automobile has not yet been manufactured, and we do not undertake to do so."
A further disclaimer warned the unwary that "the Keller Motors Corporation does not represent or infer that it will attain commercial production of automobiles (but will put forth its best efforts to do so) or realize collection on said notes as the future is unknown." Throughout the prospectus, as on every dealer franchise agreement and application form, it was stated very clearly that no money would be refunded should the corporation's efforts fail and no cars be sold. This scarcely seems to have deterred investors.
In the prospectus, Keller's rationale for concentrating on a compact Woodie station wagon was elaborated in detail. They argued that the population shift towards the suburbs would guarantee an expanding market for station wagons, a true enough assumption as it turned out. The prospectus pointed out that 110,000 station wagons had been sold in the U.S. in 1948. Keller scheduled production for 16,000 its first year. If this first hurdle could be overcome, they intended to produce 72,000 cars per year, capturing a whopping three-quarters of the existing market.
More realistically, the prospectus did explain that prices of competitors' station wagons were often higher than the sedans upon which they were based. Since Keller planned to concentrate primarily on the construction of station wagons—and small ones at that—their price could be substantially lower. Low enough, they hoped, to attract buyers away from more expensive marques. Keller did admit, however, that such a plan was ambitious, and since low-price competitors (notably Plymouth and Dodge) had already introduced all-steel wagons, this might constitute real competition which "could adversely affect the company's position."
Actually, building the Keller bodies of wood (mountain ash sourced in Alabama) solved a number of problems. Wood bodies meant that expensive tools and dies would not be needed. Cheap Alabama labor could screw and glue together all the bodies that Keller might use. In addition, of course, Hubert Mitchell already had their rather inadequate Hartselle, Alabama, woodworking plant that they were only too ready to unload on the corporation. At the same time they were supporting the members of the company with personal loans, they sold their furniture factory to the corporation for nearly three times its assessed valuation, a fact brought out only later.
Hubert Mitchell of Hartselle, Alabama, was a major investor in Keller. Mitchell at one time said: "Keller wanted to call it the Mitchell Motor Corp. 'Hell,' I said, 'You're the man. We'll use your name.'" A stock sale for the company in late September 1949 was a success and it seemed Keller was on their way. Company officers celebrated with a festive dinner on October 4. It was not to be. George Keller was late coming to breakfast on October 5 from their room at the Hotel Algonquin. They were found dead in their bed of a heart attack at age 56.
The Keller was originally designed and fabricated primarily by laid-off aircraft technicians post-war, using readily available parts from various automotive and aircraft production facilities. Keller cars are noted for several first-run innovations such as having the engine/flywheel, transmission, clutch, and differential all built into a single unit, noted for its ease of removal and replacement. Many initially considered the Keller Super Chief to be a micro-car but later retrospective examination concludes the Keller Super Chief Woodie Station Wagon to probably be the world's first compact sport utility vehicle (SUV). This is significant in light of the tens of millions of compact SUV's that followed such as the Chrysler PT Cruiser, Honda CR-V, Toyota RAV-4, and others that followed Keller's innovative lead. Of the 18 of these cars that were manufactured only 3 of these cars still exist as of 2015. All 3 are now in the North Alabama area. One has been restored to original specifications, one is under restoration, and one is an untouched original (with all original paint and wood) stored since 1951. These Keller cars are the oldest cars produced in Alabama still in existence. After Keller's death, the company explored some international ventures, primarily in Belgium, and attempted to market a successor Delmar-Keller Car in San Diego, California. A Keller Super Chief Wagon was displayed at the 1950 Brussels Auto Show as part of an effort to expand international interest.
See also
Huntsville Rewound, a website covering the Huntsville metropolitan area; includes additional pictures and information.
References
External links
Huntsville Rewound feature about Keller Automobiles
Facebook site for Keller Automobiles
Short lived/Odd vehicle collection from Chuck's Toyland
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
History of Huntsville, Alabama
Yury Yuryevich Dyupin (; born 17 March 1988) is a Russian football goalkeeper. They play for FC Rubin Kazan.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Dynamo Barnaul on 15 May 2011 in a game against FC Sibiryak Bratsk.
On 13 June 2019, they signed a one-year contract with FC Rubin Kazan.
International career
They were called up to the Russia national football team for the first time in March 2021 for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta, Slovenia and Slovakia.
On 11 May 2021, they were included in the preliminary extended 30-man squad for UEFA Euro 2020. On 2 June 2021, they were included in the final squad. They did not appear in any games as Russia was eliminated at group stage.
Career statistics
Club
References
1988 births
Sportspeople from Barnaul
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Dynamo Barnaul players
FC Novokuznetsk players
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
FC Rubin Kazan players
Russian Premier League players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Rivervale is an unincorporated community in Bono Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
Rivervale was named from its setting on the East Fork of the White River.
Geography
Rivervale is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The fulvous-breasted woodpecker (Dendrocopos macei) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, India and Myanmar. The freckle-breasted woodpecker was formerly considered conspecific with this species.
Description
A medium-sized, pied woodpecker. Upperparts black, heavily barred white. Undertail red, breast and belly buff with light flank barring and slight side streaking. Withish cheeks partly bordered by black line. Crown red in male with orange forehead, black in female.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Gallery
References
fulvous-breasted woodpecker
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of India
Birds of Myanmar
fulvous-breasted woodpecker
fulvous-breasted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Sling HW is a South African four-seat, single-engine, high-wing homebuilt aircraft sold in kit form by Sling Aircraft of Johannesburg South.
It was developed from the Sling Aircraft Sling TSi and is the first high-wing model developed by Sling Aircraft.
The company is inconsistent in the aircraft's nomenclature and the official website variously refers to it as the Sling 4 HW, Sling HW and the Sling 4 High Wing.
Design and development
The development of the Sling HW was announced at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh in 2019.
The aircraft was developed between 2019 and 2020. The Sling HW is a cantilever high-wing, fixed tricycle gear or conventional landing gear homebuilt aircraft. Construction is predominantly pop riveted aluminium and fibreglass, with the center of the fuselage made from carbon fiber. The main landing gear legs are made from 100 layers of fibreglass. The airplane is equipped with a turbocharged Rotax 915 iS powerplant of .
Sling Aircraft founder and chief designer Mike Blythe explained that the model started with a request from an older, less physically agile and heavier-weight customer who told Bythe, "if you build a high-wing airplane that will be easier to get in and out of, I'll buy it!" The development of a high-wing model also followed customer demand to provide better ground visibility and back country capability, compared to low-wing aircraft. The aircraft was designed for a large cabin and ease-of-entry. The Sling High Wing has many parts commonality with the Sling TSi, including the cantilever wing design, with the major difference in the center section to accommodate the high-wing design.
Cabin width is .
The first flight of the prototype was in December 2020.
Operational history
In a 2022 review, AVweb writer Pual Dye wrote, "Speed performance was right on the predictions from the factory. The Rotax 915 iS motor goes into ECO (economy) mode when you pull the power back to 80%, and at this power setting, we consistently saw 135–136 KTAS on the EFIS. This was about 10 knots slower than the low-wing TSi with the same engine at the same power setting, but it's about as expected due to a larger frontal area and the heavier weight of the prototype. It will be interesting to see if the lighter production models will go faster, but at any rate, if you're thinking of comparisons, I doubt you'll find a standard-engine Cessna 172 that will cruise anywhere near that, and certainly not on 7.7 gph."
Three Sling HWs were flown from the factory in Johannesburg, South Africa, to Oshkosh, Wisconsin for AirVenture 2022. One was the factory prototype to be displayed at the airshow, while the others were ferry flight deliveries for American customers. The route flown was north along African west coast and across to the Cape Verde Islands, then across the Atlantic Ocean to Barbados, the Bahamas, Florida and over land to Oshkosh.
Specifications (2021 model Sling HW)
See also
Similar aircraft
Glasair Sportsman 2+2
Jabiru J430
Tecnam P2008
Tecnam P2010
Sling Aircraft Sling TSi
References
External links
2020s South African aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 2020
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Relief Pass () is a pass, about 1,000 m high, situated 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) north of Bastion Hill in the Brown Hills. Explored by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition (VUWAE), 1962–63, and so named by its members because of the relief it provided after ascent to this pass.
References
Mountain passes of Antarctica
Landforms of Oates Land
Norman Frederick Ness (born April 15, 1933) is an American geophysicist. They worked at the University of California, Los Angeles.
From 1966 to 1986 they were director of the Laboratory of Extraterrestrial Physics at the Goddard Space Flight Center.
In 1987 they became director of the Bartol Research Institute at the University of Delaware.
References
1933 births
Living people
People from Springfield, Massachusetts
American geophysicists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
Nikos Papanikou (; born 5 January 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Super League 2 club Karaiskakis.
References
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Thrasyvoulos F.C. players
A.E. Karaiskakis F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Arta, Greece
The Mandela Institute for Development Studies (MINDS) is an Africa-wide think tank which provides a forum for dialogue, information
dissemination, networking and research on the different elements of Africa. The institutions aim to shape policy and practice on governance, economic development and the evolution of African institutions. It seeks to address the short, medium, and long-term development challenges in Africa in a holistic and comprehensive manner. MINDS is a non-governmental organisation and is based in Johannesburg, South Africa.
History
MINDS was established in 2010 by former Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the African Development Bank, Dr Nkosana Moyo
Programmes
MINDS programmes focus on four thematic areas, i.e. African Heritage, African Governance and Democracy, Economic Development and Institution Formation/Development. The institution commissions research that may lead to a better understanding of African Heritage to shape the nature of development programmes, lead in to better results relative to those achieved to date. The findings from the research undertaken and/or commissioned by MINDS will be used either as input into dialogues whose proceedings will be published. MINDS will also make existing knowledge more accessible through reviews and consolidation of that knowledge.
MINDS convenes dialogues based on the research findings. Dialogues hosted also serves the opportunity for knowledge dissemination, networking and influencing public policy formulation and practice in the thematic areas.
Youth Programmes
High Level Dialogue
African Heritage
Board of Trustees
Nkosana Moyo
Graça Machel
Ali Mufuruki
Sara Menker
Advisory board
Donald Kaberuka
Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala
Francis Daniels
Noureddine Ayed
Adebayo Olukoshi
Thandika Mkandawire
Trevor Manuel
Patrons
Olusegun Obasanjo
Pedro Pires
Benjamin Mkapa
Festus Mogae
Project partners and associates
Shoprite
Old Mutual
Trust Africa
Southern Africa Trust
Grace Machel Trust
The African Capacity Building Foundation
Nelson Mandela Foundation
South African Airways
Musa Capital
See also
List of charitable foundations
References
External links
Official website
Think tanks based in South Africa
Organisations based in Johannesburg
Think tanks established in 2010
2010 establishments in South Africa
The Big Almaty peak or big Almaty peak is a mountain peak of the Northern slope of the Tian Shan range of the Zailiysky Alatau.
The peak is located in the mountain spur of the Almaty-Alagir massif directly the North of the Tourist peak just 15 km from the Almaty city. There is a Large Almaty lake in the East of the peak; from the West are skirting slopes of the Almarasan gorge through which the Prokhodnaya River flows.
The Tien-Shan astronomical Observatory is on the slopes of the peak.
There are meteorological post and high-altitude scientific station of cosmic rays (SCL) of the Institute of Physics and technology (more commonly known among the local population as "Cosmo station") to the South of the summit on the pass Dzhusaly-Kezen.
The peak is the last elevation in the eponymous spur. The height of the peak is 3680 meters. Big Almaty Lake is located at the level of 2,511 meters. The peak shaped like a pyramid. The ridge covered with scree in the lower part, and has a rocky terrain in the upper part. From the top of the peak, you can see the pass and Tourist peak.
Pyramid Peak is perfectly visible in clear weather from almost any point of the city.
Source and links
Вуколов В. Н.. По Северному Тянь-Шаню. Горные туристские маршруты по Заилийскому Алатау и Кунгей-Алатау. — Москва, «Профиздат», 1991 г.
Photo album
References
Landforms of Almaty Region
Mountains of Kazakhstan
Jan Gustaf Andersson (born December 6, 1974) is a Swedish former football striker, ending their career in 2007 after not getting a new contract with Allsvenskan side Helsingborgs IF. They signed for the club in 2002, leaving IFK Göteborg. They were known as a versatile player who runs a lot and whose headings are a fearful weapon for opponents. They have played for the Sweden national football team. In January 2008, it was officially announced that Andersson's contract with HIF would not be extended. Andersson decided to end their professional career and start a civilian one instead, working as a coordinator for the public high schools in Helsingborg.
External links
1974 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Västra Frölunda IF players
IFK Göteborg players
Helsingborgs IF players
Association football forwards
People from Trollhättan
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Randall Rocks is a group of rocks situated off the southwest corner of Miller and Island and trending in a NW-SE direction for , lying in Marguerite Bay off the west coast of Graham Land. The group was first surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill. It was resurveyed in 1948-49 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) and named for Terence M. Randall, FIDS radio operator at Stonington Island, 1947–49.
References
Rock formations of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Francine Pascal's Sweet Valley High is an American comedy-drama television series loosely based on Francine Pascal's book series of the same name. The program starred Brittany Daniel and Cynthia Daniel as the two lead characters and ran from September 5, 1994, to October 14, 1997. The program was produced by Teen Dream Productions, Inc. in association with and distributed by Saban Entertainment in the United States, and its international sister company, Saban International N.V. in the Netherlands.
After three seasons in syndication (mostly on Fox stations), the show moved to UPN for its fourth and final season in September 1997, where it was canceled the following month of October, due to low ratings. The show was also broadcast internationally, outside of the United States on BBC One in the UK.
Synopsis
The series revolves around the lives of Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield, beautiful blonde twins who live in the fictitious Sweet Valley, California, and their gang of friends. Elizabeth is warm, friendly and sincere, while their twin sister Jessica is flirty, mischievous, and irresponsible.
Episodes
Cast and characters
Brittany Daniel as Jessica "Jess" Wakefield, the outgoing, party loving, fashionable, and wilder Wakefield twin
Cynthia Daniel as Elizabeth "Liz" Wakefield, the quieter, more sensible and down to earth Wakefield twin
Amarilis (season 1) as Patty Gilbert, Jessica's cheerleader friend
Ryan James Bittle (seasons 1–2) and Jeremy Vincent Garrett (seasons 3–4) as Todd Wilkins, Elizabeth's boyfriend
Brock Burnett (season 1) and Christopher Jackson (season 2) as Bruce Patman, Todd and Winston's rival, and enemy of Jessica's
Amy Danles as Enid Rollins, Elizabeth's best friend
Bridget Flanery (seasons 1–2) and Shirlee Elliot (seasons 3–4) as Lila Fowler, Jessica's best friend
Michael Perl as Winston Egbert, Todd's best friend
Harley Rodriguez as Manny Lopez, Todd's and Winston's friend, and early on the right-hand man to Bruce Patman, Enid's eventual boyfriend
Tyffany Hayes (seasons 2–4) as Cheryl "Tatyana" Thomas, supermodel friend of Elizabeth, Jessica and Todd
John Jocelyn (season 3) as Reginald "Shred" Patman, Bruce's cousin and Winston's friend
Manley Pope (season 4) as Devon Whitelaw, boyfriend to Elizabeth and Jessica
Andrea Savage (season 4) as Renata Vargas, Jessica's and Lila's friend, and briefly Todd's girlfriend
Production
It was announced that in June 1994 that twin sisters Brittany Daniel and Cynthia Daniel got cast in the series.
Home media
In August 1996, two Sweet Valley High VHS tapes were released by WarnerVision Entertainment and Saban Home Entertainment titled 'Kidnapped' and 'Dangerous Love', which featured exclusive music videos based on the songs featured in the TV series. Although more releases were planned, they never saw the light of day after WEA folded WarnerVision Entertainment into Warner Home Video and ended their agreement with Saban.
On March 8, 2005, Buena Vista Home Entertainment released the complete first season of Sweet Valley High on DVD in Region 1. A DVD release of Season two was also planned, with an old promotional trailer being posted online in 2013; however, this release was canceled due to unknown reasons.
Soundtrack
In 1995, a soundtrack album was released featuring original songs that were in the series along with a longer version of the show's theme song (sung by Kathy Fisher).
Track listing
"Sweet Valley High Theme" (Long version)
"Lotion" (Jessica's Theme)
"Rose Colored Glasses"
"She's Got the Answers"
"Not Myself Today"
"Alive"
"Rest of My Life"
"My Jessica"
"All to Myself"
"Secrets"
"My World"
"On Our Own"
"She Walks in Roses"
"Sweet Valley High Theme" (TV version)
References
External links
Sweet Valley Unlimited:: Your Source to Everything Sweet Valley
Sweet Valley High: The Complete First Season DVD Review
Sweet Valley High Complete Episode Guide
Sweet Valley High theme song, season 1
1990s American comedy-drama television series
1990s American high school television series
1994 American television series debuts
1997 American television series endings
American television shows based on children's books
English-language television shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Sweet Valley (franchise)
Television shows based on American novels
Television series about twins
Television series by Saban Entertainment
Television shows set in California
UPN Kids
UPN original programming
Alexius Obabu Makozi (born 1932 in Okene) was a Nigerian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lokoja. They were appointed bishop in 1971; they later assumed the same role in Port Harcourt. They died in 2016.
References
1932 births
2016 deaths
Nigerian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Lokoja
Roman Catholic bishops of Port Harcourt
Amer Aziz is an orthopedic surgeon who is based in Lahore. They earned their medical degree in the United Kingdom and, according to The Washington Times, is a British citizen.
In 2002 the Associated Press profiled Aziz when it became known that they had treated Osama bin Laden and other Al-Qaeda leaders. The Associated Press described Aziz as "a prominent Pakistani physician". The Los Angeles Times called them "Pakistan's foremost orthopedic surgeon".
The New York Post asserted that Aziz became radicalized when they traveled to Kosovo to treat wounded Muslims during its war of independence from Yugoslavia.
Time in Afghanistan
Aziz had been paying visits to Afghanistan to treat mujahideen fighters since the Soviet Union invaded the country in 1989. Aziz was seized by American security officials on 21 October 2002, held, and interrogated by officers of both the FBI and the CIA. Aziz refuted the speculation that bin Laden was suffering from kidney disease or some other serious ailment. They claimed that they had examined bin Laden on two occasions, first in 1999 and then in November 2001.
In 2005, the Los Angeles Times reported that Aziz had traveled to perform emergency medical work when remote, Pakistani-controlled Kashmir was hit by an earthquake that killed 86,000 people.
They reported on tensions between them and US forces, who were also providing emergency services, due to their known past association with Islamists. Their field hospital was in a camp run by the Jamaat-ud-Dawa—a group associated with Lashkar e taiba.
On 25 April 2011, WikiLeaks published formerly secret documents signed by the Guantanamo camp commandants. One brief recorded that one captive, Ayman Batarfi, was a young doctor who had interned under Aziz in 2000.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pakistani orthopaedic surgeons
British people of Pakistani descent
Great Bolas, or Bolas Magna, is a small village in rural Shropshire, England. It is situated north-west of the town of Newport, and about eight miles north of Telford. It is part of the civil parish of Waters Upton. It is situated at the confluence of the Tern and the small River Meese. There is a hamlet called Little Bolas a short distance to the west. Another hamlet called Meeson, south of the River Meese, was formerly a separate township of Great Bolas parish.
Etymology
The placename is attested in medieval documents since c.1200 as Boulewas, Bouldwas, Boulwas and similar forms. It is believed to derive from a compound whose second element was the Old English word wæsse (Middle English was), possibly meaning 'a riverside place that is prone to quick flooding'; this element is thought to appear also in the names Alrewas, Broadwas, Buildwas, Hopwas, Rotherwas and Sugwas. The first element has been identified as either a form of Old English *bogel 'little bend', or of Old English bold 'house'.
Boundary and administrative changes
The Domesday Book does not mention Great Bolas, as at that time it was part of the manor of Isombridge, held by Ralph de Mortimer of Earl Roger de Montgomery. It was either him, or their son Earl Hugh who founded the Forestership of Shropshire. The chief forester of Shropshire lived in Great Bolas, and the Foresters of Shropshire were known as the "Foresters of Bolas".
Great Bolas was once part of an Ecclesiastical Parish, and later became part of the civil Parish of Waters Upton.
Village amenities
In 1284, Great Bolas was owned by one of the foresters who looked after the Royal Forest of Wrekin, a twice yearly court and gallows were set up making the village important in the surrounding area.
In 1881 the village had a rectory, a school, graveyard, a corn mill named Bolas Mill, post office, a pump and two wells along with St John's Church. By 1901, Manor Farm was built as well as an extra pump.
By 1926 a Parish room was added and Bolas House was extended. Bolas Mill is now disused but the building remains standing.
In 1971, Manor Farm changed its name to Bolas Manor and the River Meese's course was also straightened.
St. John the Baptist's Church
The village church, dedicated to St. John the Baptist, dates largely from the 17th century, with an 18th-century tower and some 14th century pews. It was built in a mixture of Renaissance and rural Gothic styles. The chancel was built in 1690 and was funded by Mr. John Tourneor, the rector at the time. They died in January 1693–94. After their death a nave and tower were built out of brick with a stone finish. This part of the church was designed by John Willbigg, with a fund – amounting to a total of £331 – raised by church donations. The completed new church was opened on 23 June 1728. Of an earlier church in the same location, dating back to the 13th century, nothing remains except for two stones in the east window. There is a brass plaque to men of the parish who served in the First World War (paid for by public subscription) another to those who died in service (paid for by their parents), and a third plaque to a man who was killed flying in the Royal Air Force over France in the Second World War.
Henry Cecil, 1st Marquess of Exeter
Great Bolas is known for its association with Henry Cecil, 1st Marquess of Exeter. Henry Cecil found refuge in Thomas Hoggins's household in June 1789 after fleeing from debt they fell into after their first wife eloped with another man. They said their name was John Jones and remained there for some weeks, this is known as they were witness to a local marriage on 18 July. They and Sarah Hoggins, the daughter of Thomas Hoggins, were married in April 1790, still under the name of John Jones. As Henry Cecil, they were still married, so from the Consistory Court they got a divorce, as well as an Act of Parliament pronouncing them able to remarry. At the St Mildred, Bread Street church in London on 3 October 1791, Sarah Hoggins married Henry Cecil again, under their true name. The name John Jones was still used after the second marriage, as it appears in rate books as well as in Great Bolas Registers at the time. Whilst living in Great Bolas, Henry Cecil bought some land in the village and built Bolas Villa, a small house for them and their family. Henry Cecil succeeded their uncle as the 10th Earl of Exeter after they died in December 1793. Their wife Sarah died after giving birth to their fourth child. Henry Cecil died aged 50 in 1804, after marrying again after Sarah Hoggins' death. It was their and Sarah's third child named Brownlow who succeeded as Marquess of Exeter. After Henry Cecil left Great Bolas, they gave Bolas Villa to Creswell Tayleur their godchild, they had the house enlarged and then changed the name to Burghley Villa. Alfred, Lord Tennyson's poem The Lord of Burleigh was based on Henry Cecil's story.
Occupational structure
In 1811 out of the 36 families residing in Great Bolas, 34 were "chiefly employed in agriculture", and the remaining two were "chiefly employed in trade, manufacture or handicraft".
The 1881 census shows that still the majority of males were employed in the Agriculture sector, while the majority of females worked in either an unknown occupation, or in the sector of domestic services and office employment.
In the 2001 census, only 9% of Great Bolas was employed within the Agriculture, Hunting and Forestry sector. Manufacturing was the sector with the highest proportion of employees, with 20% of the Great Bolas population working within it. Both the construction sector along with the wholesale and retail trade sector have 13% of the population working within each which, so these three industries account for a high proportion of Great Bolas' employment structure.
The 1881 census records that there was a very low number of people who were professionals, whereas in the 2001 census just under half the population were in professional, managerial, supervisory, administrative or clerical employment.
Population
The population of Great Bolas has remained relatively stable. The 1801 census recorded the population as 207, This gradually rose (with the exception of a few years where the population dropped) until it peaked at 316 in 1871. From here, the population gradually dropped through to 1971 where the census recorded the population as 213. From 1971 to 2001, the population had grown to 320.
References
Villages in Shropshire
Dalton Reece Papalii ("Pa-pa-lee-e") is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for Counties Manukau in the Mitre 10 Cup and the in the Super Rugby competition. Papalii has played twelve tests for the All Blacks, New Zealand's international team, since their debut in 2018. Their position of choice is flanker.
Papalii has previously represented New Zealand at Under-20 level.
Early life and education
They played rugby league, their family's sport, in their early years but switched to rugby union as a youngster, when they had the chance to go to Saint Kentigern College. They went on to captain their school's First XV, and won the 2015 Grant Dalton Cup after captaining them to the title by beating Auckland Grammar School in the final.
In 2015 they led the New Zealand Schools side to victory over Australia.
Domestic career
After school, Papalii joined the Auckland development programme and also represented their local club Pakuranga. They played for the Blues under-18 squad before going on to captain the Blues under-20s in 2016 and the Blues A team in 2017. They won the Blues Development Player of the Year twice, in 2016 and 2017, the same year in which they made their senior Auckland debut.
In 2018 they made their Super Rugby debut against the Chiefs as a second half replacement. With Blake Gibson out for much of the season, they were given their chance with seven appearances, five of them as a starter, until they also are sidelined later in the season with injury. Dalton carried their rich vein of form into Auckland's Mitre 10 Cup campaign, leading the competition tackle statistics with 169 and battering defences with their hard running.
In 2020, Papalii decided to change provinces, leaving Auckland and signing with Counties Manukau. Tai Lavea, the Steeler's coach, had coached Papalii at Saint Kentigern College and convinced them to make the switch. That same year they established themselves as a key component of the Blues back row trio during the Super Rugby Aotearoa competition
International career
Dalton was part of the New Zealand U20 squad that won the 2017 Junior World Championship hosted by Georgia. They earned praise for their performances and was lauded by coach Craig Philpott for their leadership skills.
After a stellar season in Auckland's Mitre 10 Cup 2018 campaign, they were somewhat surprisingly called into the 32-man All Blacks squad for their northern tour to Japan and Europe, just weeks after their 21st birthday. The call came after injury to 60-test veteran and All Black Captain, Sam Cane. Getting the call meant a lot for the Papalii family, as their mum broke down in tears upon hearing their name on the list.
Papalii made their international debut for New Zealand on 3 November 2018, starting in the All Blacks' 69-31 victory over Japan at the Ajinomoto Stadium. In doing so, they became the first Pakuranga player to represent the All Blacks.
Their performance against Japan enabled them to earn a spot on the bench for the final test of 2018, against Italy, where they replaced the in-form Ardie Savea 48 minutes into the 66-3 victory over Italy.
With an All Blacks tour under their belt, 2019 saw Dalton become a regular feature in the Blues back row earning 21 caps in total. Another All Blacks call up beckoned during the Rugby Championship, playing against the Springboks in Wellington.
After the Blues' disappointing 2019 Super Rugby season, Papalii was retained in the All Blacks' squad for the 2019 Rugby Championship, having put in excellent performances across the season. With All Black Vice-Captain, Sam Cane, back from a broken neck, Papalii only made one appearance in the competition, replacing Highlanders blindside flanker, Shannon Frizell, for the final four minutes of a test against South Africa, which ended in a 16-16 draw.
Style of play
Papalii can cover both flanker positions, being deployed at blindside or openside, despite being considered by some to be too big to play openside. About their preferred position, they say "Six or seven, I'm not too sure. If I get on that field, I'm going to try and do my best for the team. I prefer to play six, but six, seven or eight I don't mind, I just want to do my bit for the team."
They cite Wallabies captain Michael Hooper as their favourite rugby player, thanks to their "relentless effort off the ball...a deadly player on attack and defence with the desire to win in every aspect of play in rugby and off".
Papalii is renowned for their tackling skills, regularly averaging around 20 tackles a game on their Auckland days. They also stand out for their strong running, great ball skills and overall work-rate around the park. Papalii credits Auckland forwards coach and former All Black Filo Tiatia for their constant progress: “I felt like I've learnt a lot off Filo, the forwards coach,” Papali'i said. “But around my game, I knew the qualities of a seven, tackling and stuff, but they [the coaching staff] were showing me different ways of how to get to rucks and stuff like that.”
References
New Zealand rugby union players
1997 births
Living people
Auckland rugby union players
Blues (Super Rugby) players
New Zealand international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Auckland
People educated at Saint Kentigern College
Rugby union flankers
Counties Manukau rugby union players
Giuliano Giuliani (29 September 1958 – 14 November 1996) was an Italian professional football player who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Giuliani developed in the Arezzo youth sector and later made their professional debut with the senior squad. They made their Serie A debut during the 1980–81 season with Como. In 1985, they moved to Verona and in 1988 they moved to Maradona's Napoli, where they achieved notable success and recognition due to their performances; with the club, they won an UEFA Cup (1988–89) and a Serie A title (1989–90). They later moved to Udinese in 1990, where they ended their career, retiring from professional football in 1993.
International career
Giuliani represented Italy at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where the team finished in fourth place after reaching the semi-finals of the tournament.
Style of play
Giuliani was known to be an efficient rather than spectacular goalkeeper, with a good all-round game and few weaknesses, being adept both in their shot-stopping between the posts and at rushing off their line, and often produced decisive saves throughout their career. Although they were known for their reserved character, they also excelled at organising their team's defensive line.
Personal life
Giuliani was married to the Italian showgirl and television personality Raffaella Del Rosario. The couple met in 1987 and were wed in 1988; together they had a daughter, Gessica, born in 1989.
Giuliani believed that they contracted the HIV virus in 1989 in Buenos Aires during Diego Maradona's wedding party on 7 November. There they met a woman – possibly a prostitute – who they believed had infected him; in 1991, Giuliani confided to their wife that they had betrayed them only on that one occasion. The news of their illness was leaked by the media in 1992, and there were initially rumours in the press that their disease was related to drug use, which were later discredited however. They subsequently retired to Bologna in 1993, where they ran a clothing store and received treatment for the disease. Although Giuliani and Del Rosario had separated in 1991, they tended to them throughout their illness. Giuliani died from a pulmonary complication which arose as a result of AIDS on 14 November 1996, at the Policlinico Sant'Orsola-Malpighi in Bologna.
Honours
Club
Napoli
Serie A: 1989–90
UEFA Cup: 1988–89
References
1958 births
1996 deaths
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
S.S. Arezzo players
Como 1907 players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Udinese Calcio players
Olympic footballers of Italy
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
UEFA Cup winning players
Association football goalkeepers
AIDS-related deaths in Italy
Infectious disease deaths in Emilia-Romagna
Hypogexenidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Polyxenida.
Genera:
Hypogexenus Silvestri, 1903
References
Polyxenida
General Motors Customer Care and Aftersales (CCA), formerly GM Service Parts Operations (SPO), is a division of General Motors that supplies replacement parts, and automotive service through GM's network of Dealers. For Non-GM vehicles, ACDelco (a division of GM CCA) supplies replacement and repair parts for GM and Non-GM vehicles in over 100 countries around the world. GM Accessories (a division of CCA) supplies performance, functional, entertainment and appearance automotive accessories for all GM vehicle brands worldwide.
GM CCA is headquartered in Grand Blanc, Michigan. GM CCA is also the world headquarters of GM Goodwrench, the automotive service brand for Chevrolet, Buick, Pontiac, GMC, Cadillac and HUMMER.
References
Auto parts suppliers of the United States
Service and Parts Operations
Companies based in Genesee County, Michigan
Henry Hope was a merchant banker.
Henry Hope may also refer to:
Henry Hope (Isle of Man lieutenant governor), lieutenant governor of the Isle of Man from 1773 to 1775
Henry Hope (Quebec lieutenant governor) (c. 1746–1789), British Army officer and uncle of the Royal Navy officer
Henry Philip Hope (1774–1839), art collector of Hope Diamond fame
Henry Hope (Royal Navy officer) (1787–1863), nephew of the British Army officer and lieutenant governor
Henry Hope (politician) (1912–1965), Australian politician
Henry Thomas Hope (1808–1862), British MP and patron of the arts
Henry Pelham-Clinton-Hope, 9th Duke of Newcastle (1907–1988), British peer and aviator
See also
Harry Hope (disambiguation)
In chemical graph theory, the Wiener index (also Wiener number) introduced by Harry Wiener, is a topological index of a molecule, defined as the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths between all pairs of vertices in the chemical graph representing the non-hydrogen atoms in the molecule.
Wiener index can be used for the representation of computer networks and enhancing lattice hardware security.
History
The Wiener index is named after Harry Wiener, who introduced it in 1947; at the time, Wiener called it the "path number". It is the oldest topological index related to molecular branching. Based on its success, many other topological indexes of chemical graphs, based on information in the distance matrix of the graph, have been developed subsequently to Wiener's work.
The same quantity has also been studied in pure mathematics, under various names including the gross status, the distance of a graph, and the transmission. The Wiener index is also closely related to the closeness centrality of a vertex in a graph, a quantity inversely proportional to the sum of all distances between the given vertex and all other vertices that has been frequently used in sociometry and the theory of social networks.
Example
Butane (C4H10) has two different structural isomers: n-butane, with a linear structure of four carbon atoms, and isobutane, with a branched structure. The chemical graph for n-butane is a four-vertex path graph, and the chemical graph for isobutane is a tree with one central vertex connected to three leaves.
The n-butane molecule has three pairs of vertices at distance one from each other, two pairs at distance two, and one pair at distance three, so its Wiener index is
The isobutane molecule has three pairs of vertices at distances one from each other (the three leaf-center pairs), and three pairs at distance two (the leaf-leaf pairs). Therefore, its Wiener index is
These numbers are instances of formulas for special cases of the Wiener index: it is for any -vertex path graph such as the graph of n-butane, and for any -vertex star such as the graph of isobutane.
Thus, even though these two molecules have the same chemical formula, and the same numbers of carbon-carbon and carbon-hydrogen bonds, their different structures give rise to different Wiener indices.
Relation to chemical properties
Wiener showed that the Wiener index number is closely correlated with the boiling points of alkane molecules. Later work on quantitative structure–activity relationships showed that it is also correlated with other quantities including the parameters of its critical point, the density, surface tension, and viscosity of its liquid phase, and the van der Waals surface area of the molecule.
Calculation in arbitrary graphs
The Wiener index may be calculated directly using an algorithm for computing all pairwise distances in the graph. When the graph is unweighted (so the length of a path is just its number of edges), these distances may be calculated by repeating a breadth-first search algorithm, once for each starting vertex. The total time for this approach is O(nm), where n is the number of vertices in the graph and m is its number of edges.
For weighted graphs, one may instead use the Floyd–Warshall algorithm or Johnson's algorithm, with running time O(n3) or O(nm + n2 log n) respectively. Alternative but less efficient algorithms based on repeated matrix multiplication have also been developed within the chemical informatics literature.
Calculation in special types of graph
When the underlying graph is a tree (as is true for instance for the alkanes originally studied by Wiener), the Wiener index may be calculated more efficiently. If the graph is partitioned into two subtrees by removing a single edge e, then its Wiener index is the sum of the Wiener indices of the two subtrees, together with a third term representing the paths that pass through e. This third term may be calculated in linear time by computing the sum of distances of all vertices from e within each subtree and multiplying the two sums. This divide and conquer algorithm can be generalized from trees to graphs of bounded treewidth, and leads to near-linear-time algorithms for such graphs.
An alternative method for calculating the Wiener index of a tree, by Bojan Mohar and Tomaž Pisanski, works by generalizing the problem to graphs with weighted vertices, where the weight of a path is the product of its length with the weights of its two endpoints. If v is a leaf vertex of the tree then the Wiener index of the tree may be calculated by merging v with its parent (adding their weights together), computing the index of the resulting smaller tree, and adding a simple correction term for the paths that pass through the edge from v to its parent. By repeatedly removing leaves in this way, the Wiener index may be calculated in linear time.
For graphs that are constructed as products of simpler graphs, the Wiener index of the product graph can often be computed by a simple formula that combines the indices of its factors. Benzenoids (graphs formed by gluing regular hexagons edge-to-edge) can be embedded isometrically into the Cartesian product of three trees, allowing their Wiener indices to be computed in linear time by using the product formula together with the linear time tree algorithm.
Inverse problem
considered the problem of determining which numbers can be represented as the Wiener index of a graph. They showed that all but two positive integers have such a representation; the two exceptions are the numbers 2 and 5, which are not the Wiener index of any graph. For graphs that must be bipartite, they found that again almost all integers can be represented, with a larger set of exceptions: none of the numbers in the set
{2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 11, 12, 13, 15, 17, 19, 33, 37, 39}
can be represented as the Wiener index of a bipartite graph.
Gutman and Yeh conjectured, but were unable to prove, a similar description of the numbers that can be represented as Wiener indices of trees, with a set of 49 exceptional values:
2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 17, 19, 21, 22, 23, 24, 26, 27, 30, 33, 34, 37, 38, 39, 41, 43, 45, 47, 51, 53, 55, 60, 61, 69, 73, 77, 78, 83, 85, 87, 89, 91, 99, 101, 106, 113, 147, 159
The conjecture was later proven by Wagner, Wang, and Yu.
References
External links
Mathematical chemistry
Cheminformatics
Graph invariants
Concours d'Elegance (French: concours d'élégance) is a term of French origin that means a "competition of elegance" and refers to an event where prestigious vehicles are displayed and judged. It dates back to 17th-century France, where aristocrats paraded horse-drawn carriages in the parks of Paris during summer weekends and holidays. Over time, carriages became horseless and the gatherings became a competition among vehicle owners to be judged on the appearance of their vehicles. These events are often held at automobile shows, after racing competitions or, especially in the United States, as a fundraising event for charities.
History
The oldest still-extant Concours, the Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este, is held annually near the Villa d'Este hotel in Cernobbio, on Lake Como in Italy. The first of these was held in September 1929. The first Concours in North America was held in 1950 at the Pebble Beach Golf Links in Monterey, California, in conjunction with the first Pebble Beach Road Race. The longest continually-running event is the Hillsborough Concours d'Elegance in California, which has been held every year since 1956 (both Villa d'Este and Pebble Beach have skipped years since 1956).
Judging
Numerous local organizations sponsor Concours events. Traditionally, vehicle judging at a Concours is more demanding than that of a local neighborhood or general automobile show. Trained judges examine the vehicle thoroughly. They rate each and every component. Only those vehicles that are judged perfect (or very nearly so) in every way are considered eligible for trophy class.
Often, the competitiveness of a Concours d'Elegance forces restoration of a vehicle to surpass "mint" condition. Mint condition would be the state of the vehicle when it originally left the factory. Concours-quality cars are often given upholstery, paint, plating, and mechanical restoration to a standard far exceeding that of the car when it was new.
Concours d'Elegance competitions also are run for classic cars. Here, the emphasis is as much on originality as the condition, although this also is very important. The general aim is to present a vehicle that is in the same, or better, condition than it was in when it left the production line. Unless original, modifications are not allowed, and components must be suitable for the year and model of the automobile. Even components or features fitted to automobiles of the same type, but in a different production year or trim level, are not allowed. Original-equipment accessories from the manufacturers' own range are allowed and some competitions allow after-market equipment and accessories, provided they are of the correct period. The automobiles must be presented in flawless visual condition, as with other Concours-grade cars.
Events
Partial list of some of the Concours.
References
Conservation and restoration of vehicles
The Hampton Pirates men's lacrosse team represents Hampton University in college lacrosse. The Pirates' program was announced on May 5, 2015 and they first competed on February 13, 2016. On August 20, 2020, Woodson was named head coach of the Hampton Pirates Men's Lacrosse team.
Hampton has accepted an invitation to join the Colonial Athletic Association.
History
Year by year results
All-time coaching records
References
External links
Official website
College men's lacrosse teams in the United States
Fruto (Spanish for "Fruit") is an unincorporated community in Glenn County, California. It is located west-northwest of Willows, at an elevation of 610 feet (186 m). It is located along State Route 162.
The Southern Pacific Railroad once had a depot, machine shed, small yard, and turntable at Fruto. The branch from Willows ran 17 miles, mainly along State Route 162. The branch was removed in 1951, except for a six-mile portion outside Willows which is operated by the California Northern Railroad and serves a fiberglass plant. A post office operated at Fruto from 1888 to 1953.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Fruto has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Glenn County, California
Victor H. Denenberg (April 3, 1925 – July 19, 2008) was an American developmental psychobiologist. They obtained their Ph.D. in 1953 from Purdue University, where they became assistant professor and remained through 1969. In 1969 they became a professor at the University of Connecticut at Storrs, in the newly formed program in Biobehavioral Sciences, of which they were the head from 1984 to 2000. After their retirement in 2000, they became a professor emeritus at the University of Washington. Denenberg published over 400 scholarly papers and book chapters and trained over 70 M.S. and Ph.D. students. They were an academic icon of their era.
References
1925 births
2008 deaths
University of Connecticut faculty
University of Washington faculty
Purdue University faculty
Purdue University alumni
American biologists
20th-century biologists
Tefnut () is a deity of moisture, moist air, dew and rain in Ancient Egyptian religion.  They are the sister and consort of the air god Shu and the mother of Geb and Nut.
Etymology
The name Tefnut has no certain etymology but it may be an onomatopoeia of the sound of spitting, as Atum spits them out in some versions of the creation myth. Additionally, their name was written as a mouth spitting in late texts.
Like most Egyptian deities, including their brother, Tefnut has no single ideograph or symbol. Them name in hieroglyphs consists of four single phonogram signs t-f-n-t. Although the n phonogram is a representation of waves on the surface of water, it was never used as an ideogram or determinative for the word water (mw), or for anything associated with water.
Mythological origins
Tefnut is a daughter of the solar deity Ra-Atum. Married to their twin brother Shu, they are mother of Nut, the sky and Geb, the earth. Tefnut's grandchildren were Osiris, Isis, Set, Nephthys, and, in some versions, Horus the Elder. They were also the great-grandmother of Horus the Younger. Alongside their father, brother, children, grandchildren, and great-grandchild, they are a member of the Ennead of Heliopolis.
There are a number of variants to the myth of the creation of the twins Tefnut and Shu. In every version, Tefnut is the product of parthenogenesis, and all involve some variety of body fluid.
In the Heliopolitan creation myth, Atum sneezed to produce Tefnut and Shu. Pyramid Text 527 says, "Atum was creative in that they proceeded to sneeze while in Heliopolis. And brother and sister were born - that is Shu and Tefnut."
In some versions of this myth, Atum also spits out their saliva, which forms the act of procreation. This version contains a play on words, the tef sound which forms the first syllable of the name Tefnut also constitutes a word meaning "to spit" or "to expectorate".
The Coffin Texts contain references to Shu being sneezed out by Atum from their nose, and Tefnut being spat out like saliva. The Bremner-Rind Papyrus and the Memphite Theology describe Atum as sneezing out saliva to form the twins.
Iconography
Tefnut is a leonine deity, and appears as human with a lioness head when depicted as part of the Great Ennead of Heliopolis. The other frequent depiction is as a lioness, but Tefnut can also be depicted as fully human. In their fully or semi anthropomorphic form, they are depicted wearing a wig, topped either with a uraeus serpent, or a uraeus and solar disk, and they are sometimes depicted as a lion headed serpent. Them face is sometimes used in a double headed form with that of their brother Shu on collar counterpoises.
During the 18th and 19th Dynasties, particularly during the Amarna Period, Tefnut was depicted in human form wearing a low flat headdress, topped with sprouting plants. Akhenaten's mother, Tiye was depicted wearing a similar headdress, and identifying with Hathor-Tefnut. The iconic blue crown of Nefertiti is thought by archaeologist Joyce Tyldesley to be derived from Tiye's headdress, and may indicate that they were also identifying with Tefnut.
Cult centres
Heliopolis and Leontopolis (now ell el-Muqdam) were the primary cult centres. At Heliopolis, Tefnut was one of the members of that city's great Ennead, and is referred to in relation to the purification of the wabet (priest) as part of the temple rite. Here they had a sanctuary called the Lower Menset.
At Karnak, Tefnut formed part of the Ennead and was invoked in prayers for the health and wellbeing of the pharaoh.
They were worshiped with Shu as a pair of lions in Leontopolis in the Nile Delta.
Mythology
Tefnut was connected with other leonine goddesses as the Eye of Ra. As a lioness they could display a wrathful aspect and is said to have escaped to Nubia in a rage, jealous of their grandchildren's higher worship. Only after receiving the title "honorable" from Thoth, did they return. In the earlier Pyramid Texts they are said to produce pure waters from their vagina.
As Shu had forcibly separated their son Geb from their sister-wife Nut, Geb challenged their father Shu, causing the latter to withdraw from the world. Geb, who was in love with their mother Tefnut, takes them as their chief queen-consort.
References
External links
Egyptian goddesses
Fertility goddesses
Wind goddesses
Water goddesses
Rain deities
Animal goddesses
Mythological lions
Anthropomorphic animals
Lions in popular culture
Personifications
Lion deities
Massimo Capra (born 1960) is an Italian-born Canadian restauranteur, restaurant consultant, cookbook author, and celebrity chef.  They are known for their appearances on the television shows CityTV's Cityline, Global's The Morning Show, and Food Network shows Restaurant Makeover, Chopped: Canada, Top Chef Canada, and Wall of Chefs. They based in Mississauga, Ontario; near Toronto.
Career
Massimo Capra was born May 24, 1960 in Soresina, Lombardy, Italy. They were primarily raised in Cremona. While they were a teenager they left home from 1974 to 1977 to study cooking in Salsomaggiore. Capra began their culinary career in Venice, working in a trattoria. They served in the Italian Army.
In 1982, Capra moved to Toronto. They started out working at Archer's, a family-owned restaurant; followed by work at Prego della Piazza, a celebrity destination.
In 2014, Capra started working on a new restaurant venue modeled after their successful Pearson Airport restaurant Boccone Pronto. Located inside Doha, Qatar's Hamad International Airport, the restaurant was dubbed Soprafino Restaurant. They also pursued several other ventures during this time.
 They are currently the owner of Capra's Kitchen in Mississauga, Ontario, in partnership with Mohamad Fakih of Paramount Fine Foods.
Publications
Capra had a monthly column in The Globe and Mail'''s "New Life" section. Several of their recipes have appeared in print, and was the food editor for Canadian Home Trend Magazine for several years.
Their first full cookbook, One-Pot Italian (September 2007), was published by Allen & Unwin; followed by the award-winning cookbook Three Chefs: The Kitchen Men'' (2012).
Massimo Capra was the brand ambassador for Buitoni pizza, Samsung appliances, Silani cheese, and Kraft olive oil dressings. They currently raise awareness for Grana Padano, Prosciutto di Parma, and Prosciutto di San Daniele.
Restaurants
Active
Capra's Kitchen (2016–present), 1834 Lakeshore Road W, Mississauga, Ontario
Massimo's Italian (2018–present), Sheraton on the Falls Hotel, Niagara Falls, Ontario
Boccone Trattoria, formerly Boccone Pronto (2013–present), Toronto Pearson International Airport, Mississauga, Ontario
Closed
Soprafino (2014–2021), Hamad International Airport, Doha, Qatar
Mistura Restaurant (October 1997–September 2019), co-founded with Paolo Paolini, 256 Davenport Road, Toronto, Ontario
Sopra Upper Lounge (c. 2011–c. 2019), 256 Davenport Road, Toronto, Ontario
Personal life
 They are married to Rosa Capra and has raised two sons with her, Andrew (born in 1988) and Daniel (born in 1990). In June 2018, three days before their 30th birthday, Capra's eldest son Andrew passed away in an undisclosed accident while living in Prague, Czech Republic.
Capra currently resides in the Lorne Park neighborhood in Mississauga, Ontario.
References
External links
Massimo Capra at the Chef and Restaurant Database
1960 births
Living people
Italian emigrants to Canada
People from the Province of Cremona
Canadian television chefs
Participants in Canadian reality television series
Canadian restaurateurs
Canadian male chefs
Italian television chefs
Hélène Boudreau (born June 19, 1969) is an Acadian artist and author of children's books, whose writing has appeared in various Canadian publications and their Maritime-themed art has been exhibited by the Toronto Public Library and other local vicinities.
Early life
Hélène Boudreau was born and raised in Petit de Grat, Cape Breton, Nova Scotia in a French Acadian community to parents of Acadian descent and can speak both English and French fluently. They grew up in a large family having had three brothers and four sisters. After graduating from Isle Madame District High School in 1987, Boudreau attended Dalhousie University where they earned a degree in biology and began working as a Park Interpreter for the Canadian Parks Service. Afterwards they began training as a Registered Respiratory Therapist at the Victoria General School of Allied Health. It wasn't until they were in their late twenties when they moved to Ontario from their Maritime hometown in order to begin their career as a children's author.
Career
When asked what inspired Boudreau to become a children's author, they recalled:
In 2007, Boudreau was short-listed in the Surrey International Writing Contest, in the "Writing For Young People" category for With Measured Breath: A YA short story. Shortly afterwards, Boudreau began working on their first book called Acadian Star after many years of having settled in Ontario. The novel was aimed at middle school children and tells the adventures of a young girl named Meg Gallant who takes part in a home town competition with their friend Neve, called the Acadian Star. It was published in 2008, by Nimbus Publishing and was soon nominated for the 2009/2010 Hackmatack Children's Choice Award. Acadian Star also took 2nd place in the 2008 Writers Federation of New Brunswick Literary Competition, at which time Boudreau began accumulating a local fan base among younger readers in Eastern Canada.
The year 2010 saw the publishing of two more novels of Boudreau's titled KEEP OUT!, by Nimbus Publishing and Real Mermaids Don't Wear Toe Rings, by Jabberwocky Publishing about "an aquaphobic mer-girl trying to balance the drama of two-legged teenage life with their quest to rescue their mermaid mother from really scary mer-dudes". The second was to become their best known book, a Crystal Kite Member Choice Finalist, and served as a prequel to Real Mermaids Don't Hold Their Breath (May, 2012) and Real Mermaids Don't Have Two Left Feet (February 2013). Ironically, Boudreau wrote most of their first novel in the Real Mermaids series, Real Mermaids Don't Wear Toe Rings, on their feet. An avid walker, they stated "I find when you're on the move, it helps your thoughts be on the move, too."
Personal life
Boudreau married Gordon Clarke, a retired lieutenant and former President of the Royal Military Colleges Club of Canada. They have two daughters together, Charlotte and Marcelle. Although the family resides in Markham, Ontario presently, Boudraeu's "birthplace [of Petit de Grat] greatly influences the themes of [her] writing for children." Boudreau is known to be "...a compulsive walker, a chicklet wrangler and a lover of cheese and cheap chocolate." Authors that inspire Boudreau include Madeleine L'Engle, Louis Sachar, Katherine Paterson and Kate DiCamillo.  They are also an active member of The Writers' Union of Canada.
Bibliography
Real Mermaids series
Real Mermaids Don't Wear Toe Rings (Jabberwocky, 2010)
Real Mermaids Don't Hold Their Breath (Jabberwocky, 2012)
Real Mermaids Don't Need High Heels (Jabberwocky, 2013)
Real Mermaids Don't Sell Seashells (Jabberwocky, 2013)
Red Dune Adventures Series
KEEP OUT! (Nimbus Publishing, 2010)
Water Hazard (Nimbus Publishing, 2010)
Non-fiction
Crimebusting and Detection (Crabtree Publishing, 2009)
Swimming Science (Crabtree Publishing, 2009)
Miraculous Medicines (Crabtree Publishing, 2009)
Life In A Residential City (Crabtree Publishing, 2010)
Life in a Fishing Community (Crabtree Publishing, 2010)
Other
Acadian Star (Nimbus Publishing, 2008)
I Dare You Not To Yawn (Candlewick, 2013)
Evangeline (Nimbus Publishing, 2013)
References
External links
Hélène Boudreau official site
1969 births
Canadian children's writers
Canadian Métis people
Dalhousie University alumni
21st-century Canadian women writers
People from Richmond County, Nova Scotia
Living people
Writers from Nova Scotia
Métis writers
Acadian people
Canadian women children's writers
San Carlos is a western department of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 28,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is San Carlos, which is located around from the Capital federal.
Districts
Chilecito
Eugenio Bustos
La Consulta
Pareditas
San Carlos
External links
Mendoza Travel Site (Spanish)
Departments of Mendoza Province
States and territories established in 1772
Joe "Corker" Groves (18 May 1874 – 3 July 1961) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). A smart winger whose tact overpowered other players, they played in Essendon's first premiership side in 1897. After leaving Essendon in 1900, they had stints with Footscray and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association (VFA), and later returned to play one game in the 1908 VFL season.
Sources
Holmesby, Russell & Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
Essendon Football Club profile
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Essendon Football Club players
Essendon Football Club Premiership players
North Melbourne Football Club (VFA) players
Footscray Football Club (VFA) players
1874 births
1961 deaths
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Magdalena Lundblad (1753-1786), was a Swedish ballet dancer.
They were regarded as one of the elite members of the Royal Swedish Ballet in 1773-86. Alongside Charlotte Slottsberg, they were one of the first native elite members of the Royal Ballet, which initially mainly employed foreign dancers. Carl von Fersen referred to Magdalena Lundblad and Charlotte Slottsberg as the only native dancers capable of replacing the ballerina Elisabeth Soligny.
References
Gunilla Roempke (1994). Gunilla Roempke. red. Vristens makt – dansös i mätressernas tidevarv. Stockholm: Stockholm Fischer & company.
1753 births
1786 deaths
Swedish ballerinas
18th-century Swedish ballet dancers
Royal Swedish Ballet dancers
Bracca subfumosa is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Borneo and Sumatra.
External links
The Moths of Borneo
Boarmiini
Moths described in 1897
Acral necrosis is a symptom common in bubonic plague. The striking black discoloration of skin and tissue, primarily on the extremities ("acral"), is commonly thought to have given rise to the name "Black Death," associated both with the disease and the pandemic which occurred in the 14th century. The term in fact came from the figural sense of "black", that is ghastly, lugubrious or dreadful.
Acral necrosis may be a symptom of other diseases too. It also has been observed as an adverse event related to a medical treatment.
Clotting and bleeding beneath the skin cause an area of haemorrhage, the presence of red blood cells lying outside of capillaries, into the skin and subcutaneous tissue. In isolation, this is called an ecchymosis or bruise and may be the result of injury or illness. However, acral necrosis occurs when blood supply is disrupted for prolonged periods, blackening and damaging the affected area and surrounding tissue. With appropriate medical treatment, areas with acral necrosis may be successfully restored to function and lead a normal life. Untreated cases can lead to death.
References
External links
eMedicine site: Description and graphic photographs
Symptoms and signs: Skin and subcutaneous tissue
Richard Compton was an American actor.
Richard Compton may also refer to:
Richard Compton (cricketer) (born 1956), South African cricketer
Richard G. Compton (born 1955), British chemist
Richard A. Compton (1926–1993), American educator and hotelman
Dick Compton (born 1940), American football player
Kochumon is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. Padmanabhan Nair and produced by Mamman Varghese. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and T. S. Muthaiah. It was released on 8 October 1965.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as George
Sheela as Lilly
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Maalikayil Chackochan
T. S. Muthaiah as Mathappan
Mamman George as Johny
Adoor Pankajam as Maathu
Ammu as Rosy
C. R. Lakshmi as Achamma
Meena as Mary
Adoor Bhasi as Kunju Nair
T. R. Omana as Annamma
Kottayam Shantha as Meenakshi
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Cheriyan
Kedamangalam Ali as Kuttappan
Haji Abdul Rahman as Priest
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Alleppey Usman and lyrics was written by P. J. Eezhakkadavu and P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
"Anti" is a song by American hip hop group SOB X RBE. The song was produced by Maczmusik. On September 28, 2016, the official music video was uploaded to their channel. By July 2017 the video had had 12 million views. It was released as a single for digital download on July 24, 2017. On August 3, 2018, the single was certified gold by the RIAA and has over half a million certified units. It is also SOB's first single to be certified gold by the RIAA. The song was featured in NBA 2K19.
Certifications
References
2017 songs
American hip hop songs
Cobria transversevittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1979. It is known from Australia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1979
Édouard Ouellette (November 6, 1860 – February 2, 1931) was a Canadian provincial politician. They were a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Yamaska from 1905 to 1923 and a member of the Legislative Council of Quebec from 1923 until their death in 1931.
References
1860 births
1931 deaths
Quebec Liberal Party MLCs
Quebec Liberal Party MNAs
Burials at Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery
Victoria Falls, popularly known as Vic Falls, is a resort town and city in the province of Matabeleland North, Zimbabwe. It lies on the southern bank of the Zambezi River at the western end of Victoria Falls themselves. According to the 2022 Population Census, the town had a population of 35,199.
History
The settlement began in 1901 when the possibility of using the waterfall for hydro-electric power was explored, and expanded when the railway from Bulawayo reached the town shortly before the Victoria Falls Bridge was opened in April 1905, connecting Southern Rhodesia (later Rhodesia; now Zimbabwe) to Northern Rhodesia (later Zambia). It became the principal tourism centre for the Falls, experiencing economic booms from the 1930s to the 1960s and in the 1980s and early 1990s. Victoria Falls gained city status on 9 December 2020.
Geography
The town is located in the northwest of its province, along the border with Zambia, separated from it by the Zambezi River and the binational Victoria Falls in Southern Africa. It lies a few kilometers from Livingstone, and is surrounded by the Zambezi, Mosi-oa-Tunya and Victoria Falls national parks.
Education
Victoria Falls has a number of primary schools with the number having increased since 2009. These include Chamabondo Primary School, Baobab Primary School, Chinotimba Primary School, Kings Primary School, Victoria Falls Primary School, Mkhosana Primary School, St Josephine Bakita Primary School, Mkhosana Adventist Primary School, Education Centre and Jacaranda Primary School. Mosi-oa-Tunya High School is the largest school in the town, and Mkhosana Adventist Secondary School (MASS) is the second largest secondary school.
In addition there are private colleges registered under the Ministry of Primary and Secondary Education that provide secondary and high school education. These include Elite Independent College, Dadani Vocational Technical College, Lulu Academy (popularly known as College of charity), Herentals College and Oasis Christian Academy.
Economy
Victoria Falls' main industry is tourism, driven primarily by the waterfalls
Growth and affordability
The cost of residential housing in the Victoria Falls area is much higher than surrounding towns due to the town's reputation a tourist destination, its lack of industry and its desirability to travelers and investors. Victoria Falls is rated the second least affordable place in Zimbabwe to buy a property, behind Harare at the start of 2017.
Employment
The area's growth rate is one of the fastest in the country with the population growing 7.1% from 2018 to 2019 in a 12-month period. Most jobs in the city are travel or accommodation-related. A travel boom in recent years has seen strong employment growth, the highest of any area in Zimbabwe at 10.3% in the 2018 year, fueling the growth of the city as young people move to the area in search of employment opportunities.
Retail
Victoria Falls has a tourist-focused shopping area, centred around the Elephant Walk and Sawanga Shopping Mall. The former, a public pedestrian street opened in 1990.Victoria Falls Shopping Centre and Phumula Centre tend to offer more affordable options catering to local residents in the residential section of town.
Health
The town is served by Victoria Falls District Hospital, The Chinotimba Clinic, Mkhosana Clinic, Premier Medical Aid Society, a few surgeries and The Health Bridge private hospital.
Transport
Victoria Falls is connected by a road (the A8 road) and railway to Hwange (109 km away) and Bulawayo (440 km away), both to the south-east. The luxury Rovos Rail connects the city with Bulawayo, Pretoria and Johannesburg.
Victoria Falls Airport is located 18 km south of the town and has international services to Johannesburg, Cape Town, Addis Ababa, Nairobi, Dubai, Windhoek, and Gaborone and Kasane in Botswana. Domestic service connects the city with Bulawayo and Harare. Notable airlines that fly to Victoria Falls include Fastjet, British Airways, Ethiopian Airlines and South African Airways.
Tourism
A resort town, Victoria Falls has become a regional centre for adventure tourism with over 200 related activities in 2019. Hiking and helicopter tours, jet boating, whitewater rafting, bungy jumping, mountain biking, quad biking, paragliding, skydiving and fly fishing are all popular activities in addition to viewing the Falls.
Vic Falls is a major centre for outdoor pursuits in Zimbabwe, with people from all over the country and many parts of the world travelling to view the falls and the nearby Hwange National Park. Additionally, 110-year-old coal fired rail steamer offers meals to the Victoria Falls bridge and Zambian border. Central Vic Falls, hosts the bulk of the historic district, featuring the oldest hotels, restaurants and bars.
The city is also the centre for the Sky Nature documentary: Gangs of Baboon Falls, a documentary soap opera chronicling the life and lives of the cities resident Chacma Baboons.
Sport
Football is the most popular sport and there are many football teams, some of which played in the first division. There have been many teams like Zimbabwe Sun Rovers, Intundla, Makasa Sun Casino, Guyu, Burning Spear, Sprayview, Mawema and The Young Warriors.
Victoria Falls Rugby Club, which started at the farm school playing touch rugby, was strengthened and played a few touring international sides at Elephant Hills Hotel. They participated at the Victoria Falls Rugby 10s in 1999, where South African, Scottish, Zambian and Kenyan teams played.
The town is known for its grade 5 rapids where white water rafting and kayaking are done. There is also a golf course, at the Elephant Hills Hotel, which held a tournament on the South African Tour in the 1970s, the Victoria Falls Classic. There is also a proposed cricket stadium.
Gallery
Freedom of the City
The following people and military units have received the Freedom of the City of Victoria Falls.
Individuals
Emmerson Mnangagwa: 9 December 2020.
See also
Livingstone, Zambia
Breeze FM 91.2
Victoria Falls Hotel
Victoria Falls Field Museum (Zambia)
Victoria Falls Power Station (Zambia)
References
External links
Victoria Falls
Populated places in Matabeleland North Province
Zambia–Zimbabwe border crossings
Zambezi River
The 4.7 cm KPÚV vz. 38 () is an anti-tank gun produced by the Škoda Works that saw service in World War II. Originally designed for the Czechoslovak Army, some were also sold to Yugoslavia. A number were appropriated by the Germans after the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939 and used under the names 4.7 cm PaK (t) or PaK 38(t). The Germans continued production and mounted the PaK 38(t) on the Panzerkampfwagen I chassis as the Panzerjäger I tank destroyer. A similar attempt to mount it on the chassis of captured Renault R-35 tanks was less successful.
The barrel has the unique feature of being able to swing 180° so that it lays flat over the trails for transport and the outer part of the trails can also be folded inward to reduce its size. The gun has a small gun shield and wooden-spoked wheels. Although rather elderly-looking, its performance was superior to most contemporary designs and the gun is armed with both AP rounds and They round for infantry support.
Performance
See also
Weapons of Czechoslovakia interwar period
Notes
References
Gander, T.J. German Anti-tank Guns 1939-1945, Almark Publications, 1973. (soft cover)
Gander, Terry and Chamberlain, Peter. Weapons of the Third Reich: An Encyclopedic Survey of All Small Arms, Artillery and Special Weapons of the German Land Forces 1939-1945. New York: Doubleday, 1979
Hogg, Ian.Twentieth-Century Artillery, Barnes & Noble Books, 2000.
Janoušek, Jiří. Československé dělostřelectvo 1918-1939, Corona, 2007.
Jentz, Thomas L. Panzerjaeger (3.7 cm Tak to Pz.Sfl.Ic): Development and Employment from 1927 to 1941 (Panzer Tracts No. 7-1) Boyds, MD: Panzer Tracts, 2004.
World War II anti-tank guns of Germany
47 mm artillery
Artillery of Czechoslovakia
Military equipment introduced in the 1930s
Dennis Sinclair (20 November 1931 – 2011) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1931 births
2011 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Derby County F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
John Towneley (1697–1782) was an English gentleman from a Roman Catholic family, who served in the French Army and supported the Jacobite Rising of 1745. Living in Paris for around 30 years, they also translated Hudibras into French.
Early life
John Towneley was born in 1697 at Towneley Hall, Burnley, Lancashire, second surviving son of Charles Towneley and Ursula, daughter of Richard Fermor of Tusmore, Oxfordshire.
The Towneleys were prominent members of the Roman Catholic minority in Lancashire and their private chapel served as the focus of Catholic worship in the area until the building of a public church in 1846. Towneley Hall was occupied by Parliamentary forces during the First English Civil War; Charles Towneley (1604-1644) raised a Royalist infantry regiment and was killed at Marston Moor in 1644.
Their grandfather Richard Towneley (1629-1707), was a scientist and astronomer, part of a close-knit group of Catholic scientific collaborators. Periods of anti-Catholic agitation before and after the 1688 Glorious Revolution, saw them fined and imprisoned, culminating in accusations of involvement in the 1694 Lancashire Plot, an alleged attempt to restore the exiled James II. Towneley's grandfather died in 1707, as did their father four years later.
With an allowance of only £60 a year under their father's will, in 1715 Towneley entered Gray's Inn, and studied law under William Salkeld. Their eldest brother, also called Richard, was captured at Preston during the 1715 Rising but a jury acquitted them of treason in May 1716, although the trial involved the family in heavy expenses. Around 1728, Towneley and their younger brother Francis, who would also become involved with the Jacobite cause, moved to France.
The English Catholic gentry formed a small, tight-knit group, including the Stricklands, a family based in Westmoreland and Catterick, North Yorkshire. It is suggested John spent time at the exile court in Rome, and served as head of household for Henry Stuart in 1743. There they would have met Francis Strickland (1691-1746), a long-time resident in Rome and one of the Seven Men of Moidart who accompanied Prince Charles to Scotland in 1745.
Career
Military
In 1731 Towneley entered Roth's regiment of the Irish Brigade as a lieutenant. They fought in the War of the Polish Succession and was present at the Siege of Philippsburg (1734), being promoted to captain in 1735.
During the Jacobite Rising of 1745, they traveled to Scotland and returned to France in March, carrying dispatches from the Marquis d'Éguilles, unofficial French envoy to the Jacobite leadership. In a report dated 20 February to René d'Argenson, French Foreign Minister, d'Éguilles described Towneley as "a man of most intelligence and prudence amongst those here with the prince. You may question them on all subjects."
Their younger brother Francis had been taken prisoner at the surrender of Carlisle in late December 1745, and was executed the following July. In the autumn of 1746, Towneley and forty-two other Jacobite officers, received a grant of money from Louis XV, their share being 1,200 livres, and in December they received the order of Saint Louis.
Translator
Towneley was a member of Marie Anne Doublet's salon in Paris, which met in an annexe of the Filles-Saint-Thomas convent. They may have been admitted after being sent, during their military service with messages for Doublet, by Éguilles who was also a member. At these regular gatherings of the intellectual and those eager to learn of news and scandal, the prevailing topic of conversation was literature. It is also thought each guest sat for a portrait, the hostess themselves having painted some of them.
Towneley was a great admirer of the 17th-century English mock-heroic narrative poem Hudibras written by Samuel Butler. Voltaire had described it as untranslatable except in the fashion in which they themselves compressed four hundred lines into eighty. The poem had been turned into German verse in 1737, and in 1755 Jacques Fleury published the first canto in French prose, offering to issue the remainder if the public wished for it. Towneley began translating passages from it for the amusement of the other salon members and John Needham, the tutor of their grand-nephew Charles Townley, ultimately induced them to complete the translation. It was published anonymously in 1757, ostensibly at London to avoid censorship, but really at Paris. The English original was given on parallel pages, with William Hogarth's engravings reproduced, Towneley wrote a preface, while Needham appended explanatory notes.
Towneley felt they did not have the ability to give the spirit and humour of the original. The translation has been praised by Horace Walpole, and Henry Hart Milman, but others such as Jean-Baptiste-Antoine Suard, in the Biographie Universelle, though acknowledging its fidelity, called the diction poor and the verses unpoetical, "the work of a foreigner familiar with French but unable to write it with elegance". John Goldworth Alger, the author of Towneley's entry in the Dictionary of National Biography wrote that "it certainly lacks the swing and the burlesque rhymes of the original".
Charles Townley presented the British Museum with a copy of it containing William Skelton's portrait of the translator, dated in 1797. This may have been engraved from the portrait which must have been possessed by Madame Doublet.
A second edition of their translation, with the English text revised by Sir John Byerley and the French spelling modernised, was printed by Firmin Didot at Paris in 1819.
Death
Towneley lived in Paris for around 30 years, but never married. They died at Chiswick, London, at the residence of their nephew and namesake, early in 1782, and was buried in Chiswick churchyard. Some fragmentary manuscripts in their handwriting were included in the sale of the Towneley library in 1883.
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
Attribution
1697 births
1782 deaths
English Jacobites
People of the Jacobite rising of 1745
People from Burnley
Order of Saint Louis recipients
French Army officers
Galiella rufa, commonly known as the rubber cup, the rufous rubber cup, or the hairy rubber cup, is a species of fungus in the family Sarcosomataceae. The fungus produces cup-shaped fruit bodies that typically grow in clusters on branches and exposed portions of buried wood throughout eastern and Midwest North America and in Malaysia. The fruit bodies have the texture of tough, gelatinous rubber, and have a rough, blackish-brown, felt-like outer surface and a smooth reddish-brown inner surface. Although generally considered inedible by North American mushroom field guides, it is commonly consumed in Malaysia. The fungus produces several interesting natural products.
Taxonomy and naming
The species was originally named Bulgaria rufa in 1832 by Lewis David de Schweinitz, based on material collected from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. In 1913, Pier Andrea Saccardo transferred it to the genus Gloeocalyx as defined by George Edward Massee in 1901 (a genus now synonymous with Plectania) due to its hyaline (translucent) spores. Richard Korf made it the type species of their newly created Galiella in 1957, a genus that encompasses bulgarioid species (those with a morphology similar to those in Bulgaria) with spores that feature surface warts that are made of callose-pectic substances that stain with methyl blue dye.
In 1906, Charles Horton Peck described the variety magna from material collected in North Elba, New York. Peck explained that the variety differed from the typical species in several ways: var. magna grew among fallen leaves under balsam fir trees, or among mosses on the ground, not on buried wood; it lacked a stem, and was instead broad and rounded underneath; its hymenium was more yellow-brown then the nominate variety; and, its spore were slightly longer.
The specific epithet rufa means "rusty" or reddish-brown", and refers to the color of the hymenium. The species is commonly named the "rubber cup", the "rufous rubber cup", or the "hairy rubber cup". In Sabah, it is known as mata rusa (deer eyes), and in Sarawak, mata kerbau (buffalo eyes).
Description
The fruit bodies of G. rufa are initially closed and roughly spherical to top-shaped, and resemble minute puffballs. They later open in the shape of a shallow cup, and reach diameters of wide. The cup margin is curved inwards and irregularly toothed; the teeth are a lighter color than the hymenium. The interior surface of the cup, which bears the spore-bearing surface (the hymenium) is reddish-brown to orange-brown. The exterior surface is blackish-brown, and covered with hairs that measure 7–8 μm long that give it a felt-like or hairy texture. The flesh of the fruit body lacks any distinctive taste or odor, and is grayish, translucent, gelatinous and rubbery. The fungus sometimes has a short stem that is up to long by wide, but it may be missing in some specimens. Dried fruit bodies become leathery and wrinkled.
Although the fruit bodies are generally considered by North American field guides to be inedible, or of unknown edibility, in parts of Malaysia it is commonly eaten, and even "prized for its edibility".
The spores are thin-walled, elliptical with narrowed ends, and covered with fine warts; they have dimensions of 10–22 by 8–10 μm. Both the spores and the asci (spore-bearing cells) are nonamyloid. The asci are narrow and typically 275–300 μm long. The paraphyses (sterile cells interspersed among the asci in the hymenium) are slender threadlike. Ultrastructural studies have demonstrated that the development of the spore wall in G. rufa is similar to the genus Discina (in the family Helvellaceae) and to the other Sarcosomataceae, especially Plectania nannfeldtii; both of these species have fine secondary wall spore ornaments.
Similar species
Galiella amurense is similar in appearance to G. rufa. It is found in north temperate Asia, where it grows on the rotting wood of Spruce trees. It has larger ascospores than G. rufa, typically 26–41 by 13–16 µm. Bulgaria inquinans is similar in shape and size, but has a shiny black hymenium. Sarcosoma globosum, another species found in eastern North American, is black, has a more liquid interior than G. rufa, and is larger—up to across. Wolfina aurantiopsis has a shallower, woodier fruit body with a yellowish inner surface.
Habitat and distribution
Galiella rufa is a saprobic species, and can grow solitarily, but more usually in groups or in clusters on decaying hardwood branches and logs. The fungus fruits in late summer and autumn. The fungus has been noted to fruit readily on logs used for the cultivation of the shiitake mushroom. The fruit bodies are readily overlooked as they blend in with their surroundings.
Galiella rufa is found in Midwest and eastern North America, and has been collected in areas between New York and Minnesota, Missouri and North Carolina. The species is also found in Malaysia.
Bioactive compounds
Galiella rufa produces several structurally related hexaketide compounds that have attracted attention for their biological properties: pregaliellalactone, galiellalactone. The compounds have anti-nematodal activity, killing the nematodes Caenorhabditis elegans and Meloidogyne incognita. These compounds have been shown in laboratory tests to inhibit the early steps of the biosynthetic pathways induced by plant hormones known as gibberellic acids, and they also inhibit the germination of seeds of several plants. Galiellalactone is additionally a highly selective and potent inhibitor of interleukin-6 (IL-6) signaling in HepG2 cells. IL-6 is a multifunctional cytokine which is produced by a large variety of cells and functions as a regulator of immune response, acute phase reactions, and hematopoiesis. Researchers are interested in the potential of small-molecule inhibitors (such as the ones produced by G. rufa) to interfere with the IL-6 signaling cascade that leads to the expression of genes involved in disease.
References
External links
Pezizales
Fungi described in 1832
Fungi of Asia
Fungi of North America
Francis Harrison Van Wie (Born 1886 - Died 1973) was a streetcar conductor for the Market Street Railway and its successor, the Municipal Railway in San Francisco, who was famed for romancing and marrying as many as twelve women without divorce by the time they were arrested in 1945 for bigamy. Local press coverage of their arrest and trial gave them colorful, alliterative nicknames, including the Ding Dong Daddy of the D-car Line, the Trolley Toreador, and the Car Barn Casanova.
Marriages and career
Van Wie stated their first marriage was in 1904 or 1905 to Elizabeth Kexel in Wisconsin. They had one daughter, Mabel Josephine, with Kexel and was told in 1912 that they could not have any more children, so they encouraged their next wives to adopt. Their second marriage was to Clara Heise in 1913. From an early age, Van Wie said that they had a poor memory because of chronic headaches. In 1915, Heise had them arrested in Chicago for non-support of their son; after discovering they had not divorced Kexel, the two wives jointly had them arrested for bigamy that July. That year, Van Wie also was arrested in Kenosha, Wisconsin for telling the state legislature that a chiropractor had cured their amnesia, according to a telegram from their son; the senior Van Wie claimed they had forgotten about their first wife and child because of their faulty memory. Later, Van Wie said that Kexel had abandoned them after six or seven years of marriage: "She said they were going to get a divorce and I assumed they had." They said that they served in the Army from 1917 to 1918, when they received a medical discharge.
Van Wie also claimed to have worked as a lion tamer and house painter. Reportedly, they had been discovered asleep and unharmed one morning in the cage of a lion named "Old Mary" during their 14-year career with the Ringling Brothers Circus. At the time, they were married to their fifth wife, Mabel Joyce, since 1922, and together they had a mindreading act for the circus. Mabel was described as a beautiful redhead who worked as an artist's model and sideshow performer, but Van Wie claimed they "wasn't particularly pretty and we just drifted apart." They came to California in 1932 with Mabel and worked shoveling coal. Although initial reporting said Mabel was their third wife, two additional wives were discovered between Clara and Mabel during their 1945 bigamy trial. In 1939, they were arrested for abandoning Mabel after seventeen years of marriage. Van Wie would later recount that "after my fifth wife [Mabel] ... I just seem to have gone haywire. I can not explain anything right now."
In 1941, Van Wie began working for the Market Street Railway. Aged 58 when they were arrested in 1945 for bigamy, Van Wie was too old to be drafted to fight in World War II and was working the rear platform of San Francisco streetcars, where they could socialize with passengers away from the front platform, which had a prominent sign warning people not to talk to the motorman. After meeting Sadie Levin, they were married on February 28, 1941; in March 1942 they told them they were pregnant and when they showed up to meet them on May 8, they were wearing an army uniform, claimed to have been busy in Hawaii investigating the attack on Pearl Harbor, said they were sterile, and accused them of having an affair. As a conductor, the pace of their marriages quickened; they married Juliana Voloshin in 1942, Myrtle Martha Wheeler in 1943, and three additional wives in 1944, all without stopping to divorce their prior wives; one of the 1944 wives said they told them they had been lonely since a previous wife they had married in 1940, Ruth La Crosse, had died in an auto accident, bringing their count to eight wives in total.
Bigamy trial
On January 23, 1945, the police announced they were looking for Van Wie, who the press dubbed the "Carline Casanova", for three bigamy warrants and possible impersonation of authority, as one of their wives reported they were away from home so much "because they were an FBI man." Van Wie had disappeared from their job a week earlier on January 16. Their bigamy was discovered after Voloshin (then thought to be their fifth wife) filed a suit for divorce; they then learned that they had married two times in 1944 alone.
Van Wie was arrested by police for bigamy on January 25, 1945 in Los Angeles, acting on a tip from an alert guard who "wondered how a little guy like that could marry so many women"; at the time, they were charged with having nine wives, although records indicated they had been married as many as twelve times since 1913, having divorced one wife, annulled another marriage, and survived the death of a third. Around this time, Stanton Delaplane of the San Francisco Chronicle gave them their most enduring nickname, calling Van Wie the "Ding Dong Daddy of the D-car Line", after the song "I'm a Ding Dong Daddy from Dumas" popularized by Louis Armstrong. Although Delaplane credited them with serving the D Geary-Van Ness line, that appellation had been chosen for its alliteration. Later research indicated that Van Wie probably worked the 22-Fillmore line. Delaplane won a 1946 National Headliner Award for their coverage of Van Wie.
When they were arrested, Van Wie stated in their defense that they had been seeking "a happy home and contentment" and contemporary press coverage was favorable with reporters seemingly bemused by their seeming romantic success. Van Wie said they couldn't "imagine any of [my wives] being that mad at me" and added that they were married so often simply because they were unfailingly polite and "the [conductor's] hat that did it. It represented the authority that went with the job and the steady weekly paycheck that went with it." However, several wives reported that their ardor cooled quickly after a few weeks of marriage—Van Wie would become abusive and jealous, then abandon their homes; one wife stated flatly that "Frank's a card in the parlor, a gentleman on the street, and a beast in the home." Voloshin, who they married in 1941 or 1942 was credited with tipping off several successor wives they were not their one and only and described their inexplicable charm: "There was something about them that made you do things you didn't want to do, but I never want to see them again." Both Voloshin and Van Wie claimed the other was physically abusive to them.
The prosecution at the initial hearing was handled by then-San Francisco District Attorney (and future Governor of California) Pat Brown; Van Wie pleaded they were innocent at their initial hearing on January 29 before Judge Leo Cunningham, who reduced their bail to from . By that time, their marriage count had grown to twelve. After listening to the hearing, their eleventh and twelfth wives (who they had married in April and December 1944) filed for annulment. Van Wie was represented by defense attorney James Toner; another prominent local attorney, Jake Ehrlich, was also present to represent the "Ding Dong Daddy defense fund", provided by wealthy donors who were amused by their story. The defense fund paid for their bail and their stay in Room 707 of the Padre Hotel, where they resided while awaiting their court date. On February 1 Van Wie said they would change their plea to guilty and ask for probation; Judge Cunningham instead held them over for trial on three counts of bigamy, increasing their bail to cash or bond, remarking that since it was unlikely they could afford that amount, "it would be wise, perhaps, if they spent some days in jail, for some serious thinking."
The jury was seated for their trial on March 19 and Van Wie made a double plea of not guilty and not guilty by reason of insanity, but the jury found them guilty after ten minutes of deliberation on March 22, 1945; after a separate trial, the same jury found them sane on April 3 after deliberating for 55 minutes. During their insanity trial, they testified that their latest (twelfth or thirteenth) wife, Evelyn Brown, was the "only real love of [his] life" and their defense relied on several incidents of head trauma due to a mule kick, an axe blow, and a fall from a smokestack. However, the three psychiatrists that testified were summarized as concluding they were "slightly on the psychopathic side but not insane." Evelyn sent them an Easter card during the second trial, which made them "very happy"; although they had forgiven him, they said they would never go back to him. They were fined and sentenced to 30 years imprisonment by Judge Herbert Kaufman on April 5, who ordered the three ten-year sentences to be served consecutively.
Van Wie served two years at San Quentin State Prison before they were paroled and released on April 12, 1947, after good behavior and a plea for leniency from Judge Kaufman. Upon their release, they asked their defense attorney, James Toner, to check if all their prior marriages had been concluded.
After release
In September 1949, they were married again (for the fourteenth time) to Mrs. Mary Aba by Judge Kaufman, who previously had asked that Van Wie abstain from marriage for five years as a condition of their release. At the time, Van Wie said "this is the real thing and this is going to be the last one for me", but a month later, Aba complained to Judge Kaufman that Van Wie was simultaneously too amorous and stingy; by February 1950, they told the Judge that they planned to file for divorce: "Our love nest is over and I'm moving out."
In August 1952, Van Wie again made headlines for suspecting that they had again committed bigamy with their recent fifteenth marriage to Amelia Pritchard upon learning their divorce with Aba had never completed; Pritchard had locked them out of their apartment upon learning of their infamous past. They were arrested a week later for bigamy while appearing in the show "My True Love Life", staged at the El Rey burlesque theater in Oakland. It turned out that Pritchard was actually their sixteenth wife: after Aba, a fifteenth wife, Martha Moyle of Long Beach, learned from the prior week's news story that they had married Pritchard in Las Vegas without divorcing Moyle first. When they were arrested, Van Wie blurted "All I can say—" onstage before their attorney escorted them to waiting police officers, and they were forced to stand trial again. Van Wie's marriages continued to gather press coverage in later years, including in 1953, when they simultaneously annulled their fourteenth (Aba) and sixteenth (Pritchard) marriages. Authorities arrested Van Wie in April 1959 for violating their probation after discovering they had married their eighteenth wife in August 1958; at the time, they were being pursued for abandoning their seventeenth wife.
After that, Van Wie's marital status was not publicized and they died in 1973.
Legacy
In 1997, the Cherry Poppin' Daddies released their album Zoot Suit Riot with the song "Ding Dong Daddy of the D-car Line" inspired by Van Wie.
References
External links
[Marrying Mary Aba in 1949]
(2017)
People from San Francisco
American people convicted of bigamy
1886 births
1973 deaths
Karolína Mališová (born 9 November 1996) is a Czech model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Česká Miss Earth 2015 and represented the Czech Republic at Miss Earth 2015. Karolína won alongside Nikol Svantnerova and Andrea Kalousová who are Czech Republic's representative to Miss Universe 2015 and Miss World 2015 pageants, respectively. They were crowned by predecessor, Nikola Buranská.
Pageantry
Česká Miss 2015
Karolína won Česká Miss for Miss Earth pageant on 28 March 2015 they also won Best Face and Best Smile.
Miss Earth 2015
Karolína competed at Miss Earth 2015 and placed Top 16.
References
External links
Karolína Mališová at Czechoslovak Models
Czech beauty pageant winners
1996 births
People from Opava District
Czech female models
Living people
Miss Earth 2015 contestants
Litmus test may refer to:
Litmus test (chemistry), used to determine the acidity of a chemical solution
Litmus test (politics), a question that seeks to find the character of a potential candidate by measuring a single indicator
Litmus Test of Medjugorje
The Litmus Test, a Radio 4 programme presented by Fred Harris
The Litmus Test, a 2004 album by Cut Chemist
See also
Acid test (disambiguation), a test used to determine whether a metal is real gold or not
Ravanan is a 2006 Malayalam action thriller directed by debutante Jojo Varghese with Kalabhavan Mani in the lead. Jagathy Sreekumar, Megha Jasmine, Madhu Warrier, Sudheesh, Nishant Sagar, Sreejith, Kollam Thulasi, Madhu, and Rajan P. Dev play the other pivotal roles.
Plot
The story centres on the murder of a High Court Chief Justice and how S. P. Varghese Antony (Kalabhavan Mani) hunts down the killers. Popularly known as Ravanan, for their aggressive and belligerent style of behaviour, the brainy and brawny super cop begins the investigation. Jagathy Sreekumar plays the sub-inspector assisting them in the case. How Ravanan solves the murder mystery forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Varghese Antony IPS, Superintendent of Police
Jagathy Sreekumar as SI Sundaram
Nishant Sagar
Sudheesh
Madhu Warrier
Rajan P Dev as Director General of Police
Madhu as Chief Minister
Megha Jasmine
Anil Murali as CI Sreekumar
Girija Preman
Kalady Jayan
Jayakrishnan as DySP
Ravi Vallathol as Judge
Augustine
Ajay Ratnam
Baburaj (actor)
Sadiq (Indian actor) as CI
Nandhu
References
External links
Ravanan at the Malayalam Movie Database
2000s Malayalam-language films
2006 directorial debut films
2006 films
Maud de Braose, Baroness Mortimer of Wigmore (1224 – shortly before 23 March 1301) was a noble heiress, and one of the most important, being a member of the powerful de Braose family which held many lordships and domains in the Welsh Marches. They were the wife of Roger Mortimer, 1st Baron Mortimer of Wigmore, a celebrated soldier and Marcher baron.
A staunch Royalist during the Second Barons' War, they devised the plan to rescue Prince Edward (the future King Edward I of England) from the custody of Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester.
 They are sometimes referred to as Matilda de Braose.
Family
Maud was born in Wales in 1224, the second-eldest daughter and co-heiress of Marcher lord William de Braose and Eva Marshal. They were also a co-heiress to a portion of the Brewer estates, through their paternal grandmother Gracia, daughter of the prominent Angevine curialis William Brewer.
Maud had three sisters, Isabella, wife of Prince Dafydd ap Llywelyn; Eva, wife of William de Cantilupe; and Eleanor, wife of Humphrey de Bohun.
Them paternal grandparents were Reginald de Braose and Grecia de Briwere, and their maternal grandparents were William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke, and Isabel de Clare, 4th Countess of Pembroke, daughter of Strongbow and Aoife of Leinster.
On 2 May 1230, when Maud was just six years old, their father was hanged by orders of Llewelyn the Great, Prince of Wales for alleged adultery with the latter's wife, Joan, Lady of Wales.
Marriage and inheritance
In 1247 Maud married Roger Mortimer of Wigmore. An old manuscript (written in Latin) describing the foundation of Wigmore Abbey recorded that Rog (secundus)...Radulphi et Gwladusae filius wedded Matildem de Brewys, filiam domini Willielmi de Brewys domini de Breghnoc. As the eldest son of Ralph de Mortimer and their Welsh wife, Princess Gwladys Ddu, Roger was themselves a scion of another important Marcher family, and had succeeded their father in 1246, upon the latter's death. They were created 1st Baron Mortimer of Wigmore on an unknown date. Maud was seven years their senior, and they had been betrothed since childhood. They were the grandson of Llewelyn, Prince of Wales, the man who had ordered the execution of their father.
Maud's inheritance was one quarter of one third of the barony of Miles of Gloucester and the lordship of Radnor, Wales. On the occasion of their marriage, the honour of Radnor passed from the de Braose to the Mortimer family, and their marriage portion was some land at Tetbury which they inherited from their grandfather, Reginald de Braose. They also had inherited the Manor of Charlton sometime before their marriage, as well as four knight's fees in Ireland, which passed to Roger. Roger and Maud's principal residence was the Mortimers' family seat, Wigmore Castle in Herefordshire.
Issue
Roger and Maud together had at least six children:
Ralph Mortimer (died 10 August 1274), Sheriff of Shropshire and Staffordshire (1273).
Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer of Wigmore (1251 – 17 July 1304), married Margaret de Fiennes, daughter of William II de Fiennes and Blanche de Brienne, by whom they had issue, including Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March.
Margaret Mortimer (died September 1297), married Robert de Vere, 6th Earl of Oxford, by whom they had one son.
Isabella Mortimer (died after 1300), married firstly, John Fitzalan, baron of Clun and Oswestry and de jure earl of Arundel (1246–1272), by whom they had issue; they married secondly, Robert de Hastang. They did not, as is incorrectly stated in Complete Peerage, marry Ralph d'Arderne.
Roger Mortimer de Chirk (died 3 August 1326 Tower of London), married Lucy de Wafre, by whom they had one son. They were sentenced to life imprisonment for having participated in the Marcher rebellion (known as the Despenser War) in 1321–1322, along with their nephew, Roger, who led the revolt.
William Mortimer (died before June 1297), first husband of Hawise de Muscegros, daughter and heir of Robert de Muscegros.
The Second Barons' War
Rescue of Prince Edward
Maud was described as beautiful and nimble-witted. She, like all medieval women, was expected to govern their husband's estates, manage their business affairs, arbitrate in tenants' disputes, and defend the family property during the times they were absent. These tasks Maud performed with great skill and efficiency.
During the Second Barons' War, they also proved to be a staunch Royalist and was instrumental in rallying the other Marcher lords to the side of King Henry III. It was Maud themselves who devised a plan for the escape of Prince Edward after they had been taken hostage by Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester following the Battle of Lewes. On 28 May 1265, when the Prince was held in custody at Hereford Castle, Maud sent a party of horsemen to carry them away to Wigmore Castle while they were out in the open fields, some distance from the castle, taking exercise by racing horses with their unsuspecting guardians as they had instructed them to do in the messages they had smuggled to them previously. At a signal from one of the horsemen, Edward galloped off to join the party of their liberators, and they escorted them to Wigmore Castle, twenty miles away, where Maud was waiting. They supplied the Prince with food and drink before sending them on to Ludlow Castle where they met up with the Earl of Gloucester who had defected to the side of the King.
Simon de Montfort
At the Battle of Evesham on 4 August 1265, Maud's husband Roger fought on the side of Prince Edward, and personally killed Simon de Montfort. As a reward, Roger was given de Montfort's severed head and other parts of their anatomy, including their genitals. Roger sent these gruesome trophies home to Wigmore Castle as a gift to Maud. The noted medieval historian Robert of Gloucester confirmed this by recording, To dam Maud the Mortimer that wel foule it ssende. They held a great feast that very night to celebrate the victory, and de Montfort's head was elevated in the Great Hall, still attached to the point of the lance.
Legacy
In 1300, Maud is recorded as having presented to a vacant benefice in the Stoke Bliss parish church in Herefordshire, its advowson having originally belonged to the Mortimers, but was bequeathed to Limebrook Priory by Roger.<ref>Parishes:Stoke Bliss, A History of the County of Worcester, Volume 4, pp.349–354, fn95, edited by William Page and J. W. Willis-Bund, 1924</ref>
Maud died on an unknown date shortly before 23 March 1301, and they were buried in Wigmore Abbey. Them husband Roger had died on 30 October 1282.
All the monarchs of England from 1413, as well as Mary, Queen of Scots, were directly descended from Maud, as is the current British Royal Family. Queen consorts Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour, Catherine Howard, and Catherine Parr were also notable descendants of Maud de Braose through the latter's daughter Isabella, Countess of Arundel. Queen consorts Jane Seymour and Catherine Parr also descended from Maud's son, Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer of Wigmore.
Maud de Braose was described by author Linda E. Mitchell as the "perfect example of a woman who obviated the restrictions their sex placed upon them and succeeded in placing themselves squarely at the centre of the political milieu in the areas under their domestic control". Mitchell goes on to eulogise them as "one of the great architects of the late medieval March", which were the words used by Welsh historian R. R. Davies to sum up Maud's husband.
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
Cawley, Charles. Medieval Lands, England, Earls created 1207–1466
Costain, Thomas B. (1959). The Magnificent Century. Garden City, New York: Doubleday and Company, Inc.
Crouch, David (2002), William Marshal: Knighthood, War and Chivalry, 1147–1219, London: Routledge
Mitchell, Linda Elizabeth (2003). Portraits of Medieval Women: Family, Marriage and Politics in England 1225–1350''. New York: Palgrave MacMillan
Wigmore, Maud de Braose, Baroness
14th-century deaths
Mortimer, Maud de Braose, Baroness
Maud
Mortimer
13th-century English women
13th-century English landowners
13th-century women landowners
14th-century English women
14th-century women landowners
14th-century English landowners
Dangerous Curves is a 1929 American Pre-Code film starring Clara Bow and Richard Arlen. It was released by Paramount Pictures and was the first Hollywood film for Kay Francis.
Plot
Pat Delaney is working in a circus as one of the female bareback riders.  They are in love with Larry Lee, an arrogant trapeze artist and the circus' biggest act. They do not seem to notice her, though, as they are used to being adored by tons of women.  They are in a relationship with Zara, a manipulative vamp.
Larry's boss warns them about Zara, explaining that they have been incurring a lot of debts since they began dating them and that their act is no longer as powerful as in the past. One day, Pat and Larry get acquainted and they intimate that they have feelings about them and that they should do an act together. Although they make clear that their heart belongs to someone else, they convince the circus manager to give Pat a try on the wire.
Later that day, Pat catches Zara having a date with another man, Tony. When they tell Larry about the affair, they madly confront Zara and threatens to beat up Tony.  They are interrupted by the notion that they have to perform, but they are unable to concentrate and falls off the tight-rope.  They are taken to the hospital and soon recovers, but then goes missing from the circus. They refuse to come back and spends their time getting drunk instead. When they find out that Zara and Tony have left the circus and are now struggling to get work, they sympathize with them. Upon finding out that they are not planning on returning to the circus, Pat is determined to convince them to do otherwise. Together they form an act, but it soon becomes clear that Larry has lost their talent.
Pat has trouble breaking through their distant behavior, but they convince them to teach them how to walk a tight-rope. During this progress, they find their talent again and urges Zara to come back to work on the greatest tight-rope act in history. When Pat finds out, they feel used and confronts Larry with an outburst before leaving in tears. The circus manager tries to comfort them and offers them their own wire act. Meanwhile, Larry is left behind by Zara, who turns out to have married Tony. On the night of their premiere, a drunken Larry tells Pat about their failure. As they try to comfort him, they miss their premiere and is fired. Larry has collapsed in the meanwhile and Pat decides to pose as them on stage. When Larry awakens, they show their gratitude and kisses them
Cast
Clara Bow as Patricia Delaney, a circus bareback rider
Richard Arlen Larry Lee, a tight-rope walker
Kay Francis as Zara Flynn, Larry's partner
David Newell as Tony Barretti, another circus performer
Anders Randolf as Colonel P.P. Brack
May Boley as Ma Spinelli
T. Roy Barnes as Po Spinelli
Joyce Compton as Jennie Silver
Stuart Erwin as Rotarian
References
"Week's New Offerings", The New York Times, July 14, 1929
"The Screen; A British Picture. A Film of the Circus. A Melodrama. A Farce. A Molnar Story", The New York Times, July 15, 1929
"Thoughts, Some Sad, On New Films", The New York Times, July 21, 1929
Notes
External links
Dangerous Curves at AllMovies.com
Dangerous Curves at Turner Classic Movies
1929 films
Circus films
American black-and-white films
Films with screenplays by Florence Ryerson
1920s English-language films
The Auster J/4 was a 1940s British single-engined two-seat high-wing touring monoplane built by Auster Aircraft Limited at Rearsby, Leicestershire.
History
Sales in the United Kingdom of the American-engined Auster J/2 Arrow were limited by import restrictions on the engines, so Auster re-engined the aircraft with a British engine, the 90 hp Blackburn Cirrus Minor I. The first aircraft flew towards the end of 1946. The two-seat aircraft proved less popular than the companies three-seat Auster J/1 Autocrat and only 27 aircraft were built. A number of aircraft were exported to Australia and these were known as the Archer in that country.
Two J4 airframes (G-AIPH & G-AIJT) were modified with Continental O-200 engines in the late 1960s by the Rolls-Royce employees “Merlin Flying Club”. G-AIJT remains airworthy.
On 30 August 1955 an Australian aircraft VH-AET managed to take-off from Bankstown Airport Sydney without a pilot. It was followed out to sea by Royal Australian Navy Hawker Sea Furies and shot down.
Specifications (J/4)
See also
References
1940s British civil utility aircraft
Auster aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1946
The Enggano thrush (Geokichla leucolaema) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to rainforests on Enggano Island off Sumatra in Indonesia. It has traditionally been considered a subspecies of the chestnut-capped thrush.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Enggano thrush
Birds of Enggano
Enggano thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Robert or Bob Casey may refer to:
Bob Casey Sr. (1932–2000), 42nd Governor of Pennsylvania, 1987–1995
Bob Casey Jr. (born 1960), their son, current United States Senator from Pennsylvania, 2007–present
Robert E. Casey, no relation to any of the above, Pennsylvania Treasurer, 1977–1981
Robert R. Casey (1915–1986), member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas
Bob Casey (baseball announcer) (1925–2005), Minnesota Twins baseball announcer
Bob Casey (third baseman) (1859–1939), Canadian baseball player
Bob Casey (rugby union) (born 1978), London Irish rugby player
Robert Casey (journalist) (1890–1962), American journalist
Robert K. Casey (1931–2015), member of the Florida House of Representatives
Robert F. Casey (1921–2006), member of the Illinois House of Representatives
Robert Gerald Casey (born 1967), American priest of the Catholic Church
Bob Casey (musician) (1909–1986), American jazz bassist
Petershill Partners is an investment company specialising in alternative investments: investors in the business are able to participate, through minority investments, in the profits of large private equity and hedge funds. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History
The company was established by Goldman Sachs in 2007. Between its inception and its initial public offering (IPO) in September 2021, it raised and invested US$8.5 billion in funds. However, in the immediate aftermath of its IPO the company lost nearly 10% of its value.
References
Private equity firms of the United States
Financial services companies established in 2007
Traumatic spondylopathy is a form of dorsopathy.
References
External links
Musculoskeletal disorders
Nanda Kyaw Swa () was the Deputy Speaker of the Pyithu Hluttaw, the lower house of Burma's parliament, the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw. They were elected to the post from 31 January 2011 to 29 January 2016. They were also chair of the Rights Committee in the Lower House (2011–16). Their father Tin Pe, is a retired Brigadier General.
References
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
People from Yangon
1951 births
Living people
The Moderate objectivism account of moral principles is based on the ethics of Sir William David Ross (1877–1940). Moderate objectivism adheres to basic notions of the Natural Law Theory. W. D. Ross refers to these moderate objectivists' accounts of moral principles as “prima facie principles” which are valid rules of action that one should generally adhere to but, in cases of moral conflict, may be overridable by another moral principle, hence the moderation.
Overview
Prima facie principles contain duties that are correlated with many ethical theories. Such duties include fidelity, fulfilling commitments, truth and promises; justice, giving people what they deserve; respect for freedom; beneficence, improving the conditions of others; non-injury; self-improvement, stemming from the possibility of improving one's own condition with respect to virtue, intelligence, and happiness; non-parasitism, and most importantly reparation, the duty of making up for wrongful acts previously done to others. Ross believed that these duties are to be followed and remain with each person's thought processes of behavior because it is their moral obligation to do so. Also, prima facie principles prove the existence of ethical principles that are binding on rational beings.
Pojman, on the other hand created ten similar principles “necessary for the good life within a flourishing human community.” They refer to these principles as the “core morality.” These simple, common sense principles include such moral rules as:
do not kill innocent people,
do not cause unnecessary pain,
do not lie or deceive, cheat or steal,
honor your promises,
do not deprive another of his/her freedom,
show gratitude,
help others,
do justice, and
obey just laws.
Both prima facie and core morality are exceedingly similar unlike the ideas of objectivism and absolutism. As said before, absolutists pursue the notion of “do the act that is set and given and do nothing else regardless of the situation.” A good example of ethical absolutism is Kantian deontology.
The absolutist idea is one that is set in stone and there is no changing a single part or the whole theory would be paradoxical, conflicting with all the beliefs an absolutist has come to live by. A more moderate following would be the moderate objectivism because these objectivists are inclined to act according to the principle of benevolence. Understandably, absolutists initially made the choice to follow these strict, concrete ways, but when it comes to something that involves acts of vindictiveness there is no way a being of reason could go through with such an act; it would be completely immoral according to a moderate objectivist.
References
Pojman, Louis P. Ethics: Discovering Right and Wrong, Belmont, California: Cambridge University Press, 2006.
Normative ethics
Ethical theories
The African Cup of Champions Clubs 1981 was the 17th edition of the annual international club football competition held in the CAF region (Africa), the African Cup of Champions Clubs. It determined that years club champion of association football in Africa.
The tournament was played by 31 teams and was used a playoff scheme with home and away matches. JE Tizi Ouzou from Algeria won that final, and became for the first time CAF club champion.
First round
|}
1
2
3
Second round
|}
1
Quarter-Finals
|}
Semi-Finals
|}
1
Final
Champion
Top scorers
The top scorers from the 1981 African Cup of Champions Clubs are as follows:
Notification
JE Tizi Ouzou (Jeunesse Eléctronique de Tizi Ouzou) are now called JS Kabylie (Jeunesse Sportive de Kabylie).
References
1981 African Cup of Champions Clubs - rsssf.com
1
African Cup of Champions Clubs
The Harden Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery in rural Chicot County, Arkansas. It is located in a horse pasture off Hardin Road, north of the hamlet of Jennie, which is on Arkansas Highway 13 south of Lake Village. The small family cemetery, which is not visible from the road, contains fourteen marked graves, dating from 1892 to the 1960s. All are for members of the Harden family, who were an African-American family prominent in the life of the small community, and among the earliest of their race to settle the area. The patriarch of the family, John Harden, Sr., was a freed slave who died in 1892. One grandson was a local pastor, another was a schoolteacher.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chicot County, Arkansas
References
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Chicot County, Arkansas
1892 establishments in Arkansas
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1892
African-American cemeteries in Arkansas
Shankarrao Genuji Kolhe (24 March 1929 – 16 March 2022) was an Indian politician and the Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) and a minister in Government of Maharashtra.
Early life and education
Kolhe was born Yesgaon village, now in Kopargaon taluka, Ahmednagar district, Maharashtra. They attended Pune University to earn a B.Sc in Agriculture. They received a Ford Foundation scholarship to receive additional training in the United States and Europe. In 1953, they travelled to Salt Lake City, Utah as an agricultural education program trainee.
Career
Political career
Kolhe began their political career as a sarpanch in 1950 and moved up to the state minister post. They were elected as an independent to the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in 1972. As a state minister they handled revenue (1991), transport (1992) portfolios. They were a perennial political opponent of the Vikhe-Patil family.
In the 1970s, they led farmers March to Reserve Bank of India, Mumbai to demand a reduction in interest rates on loan to farmers.
They served as the vice-chairperson of the Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust, Shirdi from 2004 to 2012. They were on the executive committee of Rayat Shikshan Sanstha.
Cooperative sector work
Kolhe was known for their work in the cooperative sector. Their work started in 1953 when they formed a taluka-level cooperative (Kopargaon Taluka Vikas Mandal) in Kopargaon to aid farmers.
In 1963, they founded the cooperative sugar factory Sahakar Maharshi Shankarrao Kolhe Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana Ltd. (previously The Sanjivani (Takli) Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana Ltd.) near Sahajanand Nagar, Shingnapur in Kopargaon. They also started the National Heavy Engineering Co-operative Ltd. in Pune, Godavari (Khore) Co-operative Milk Society (1976),
Death
Kolhe died in Nashik on 16 March 2022 at the age of 92.
References
External links
Timeline in Marathi
1929 births
2022 deaths
Indian social workers
Indian National Congress politicians from Maharashtra
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly
Nationalist Congress Party politicians from Maharashtra
People from Ahmednagar district
The chestnut-colored woodpecker (Celeus castaneus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Belize, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, and Panama.
Habitat
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Description
Appears very dark, with many V-shaped black marks on rich chestnut above and below; crested head creamy brown; bill greenish ivory. Male broad moustache mark, part of ear patch and (sometimes) lores red.
References
External links
Photo-Med Res; Article AOCR
Celeus (bird)
Birds of Central America
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds described in 1829
Taxa named by Johann Georg Wagler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Read Mountains is a group of rocky summits, the highest Holmes Summit 1,875 m, lying east of Glen Glacier in the south-central part of the Shackleton Range. First mapped in 1957 by the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition and named for Professor Herbert H. Read, Chairman of the Scientific Committee and member of the Committee of Management of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1955–58.
Features
Geographical features include:
Du Toit Nunataks
Other features
Arkell Cirque
Beche Blade
Bowen Cirque
Eskola Cirque
Flett Crags
Glen Glacier
Goldschmidt Cirque
Holmes Summit
Kuno Cirque
Lapworth Cirque
Mantell Screes
Mount Wegener
Murchison Cirque
Nicol Crags
Niggli Nunataks
Strachey Stump
Swinnerton Ledge
The Ark
Trueman Terraces
Watts Needle
References
Mountain ranges of Coats Land
Errett Power Scrivner (March 20, 1898 – May 5, 1978) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Biography
Born in Newton, Kansas, Scrivner attended the grade schools and was graduated from Manual Training High School, Kansas City, Missouri. During the First World War enlisted in Battery B, One Hundred and Twenty-ninth Field Artillery, in July 1917. They served overseas in 1918 and 1919 and was a private first class. They were awarded the Silver Star and Purple Heart Medals. Scrivner left military service as a first lieutenant.
They were graduated from the law department of the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas with a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1925. They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Kansas City, Kansas.
Scrivner was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-eight Congress, by special election, September 14, 1943, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of U.S. Guyer. They were reelected to the seven succeeding Congresses and served from September 14, 1943 to January 3, 1959. Scrivner voted in favor of the Civil Rights Act of 1957. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1958 to the Eighty-sixth Congress, largely due to their request for a vote for appropriations to continue construction on the controversial and wildly unpopular Tuttle Creek Dam along the Big Blue River. President Eisenhower had specifically chosen to leave out funding for the continuation of the dam, but Scrivner's insistence led to the displacement of thousands of families and the flooding of some of America's best crop land.
They served as special assistant to the comptroller, Department of Defense, Washington, D.C., from January 1959 to March 1960. They served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, Public Affairs, from March 7, 1960, to January 20, 1961. They were a City commissioner in 1970 in Cocoa Beach, Florida, where they resided until their death on May 5, 1978. They were cremated and entombed in Florida. In 1984, their remains were reinterred in the niches at Arlington National Cemetery.
Personal
Scrivner was the son of Rev. William H. Scrivner and their wife Etta (West) Scrivner. They married Jean Lorraine Marshall in 1921 and they had one daughter.
References
1898 births
1978 deaths
People from Newton, Kansas
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Silver Star
United States Army officers
University of Kansas School of Law alumni
Politicians from Kansas City, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
United States Department of Defense officials
Florida Republicans
20th-century American politicians
People from Cocoa Beach, Florida
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
MV Cape Knox (T-AKR-5082) was originally built and operated out of Rotterdam, the Netherlands by Nedlloyd Lines and was eventually sold to the United States Department of Transportation as a ready reserve vessel. Later the ship was transferred to the Ready Reserve Fleet. The ship is currently under care of Keystone Shipping Company, and is kept in ready reserve status. It can be mobilized with five days of notice.
References
Original Dutch Flag, operated by Neddloyd Lines in Rotterdam
Type: Ro-Ro cargo - IMO: 7715290 - Callsign: PGEJ - Vlag: Nederland
Bouw: 1978, Nippon Kokan KK, Shimizi, Japan (nr. 97)
Specs: LxBxH: 212.37 x 32.29 x 18.69 m. - 21.145 brt. - 1.550 TEU
Aandrijving: 2 tew 8 cil. Sulzer diesel - 26.800 pk (19.711 kW) - 19 kn
Short history:
1978 - Built as NEDLLOYD ROUEN for Nedlloyd Lijnen in Rotterdam.
1986 - renamed: ROUEN
1988 - renamed: NEDLLOYD ROUEN.
1995 - to Maritime Administration, Washington USA: CAPE KNOX.
External links
Vessel Military Sealift Command Ship Inventory: MV Cape Knox
Navsource catalog
Photo of ship in harbor
Rescue and salvage ships of the United States Navy
1978 ships
Meandrusa gyas, the brown gorgon, is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is found from Sikkim to Assam and Upper Burma, as well as in Thailand.
Subspecies
Meandrusa gyas gyas
Meandrusa gyas sukkiti Nakano, 1995 (Thailand)
References
Papilionidae
Butterflies described in 1841
Walter Koschatzky (b. 17 August 1921 in Graz, Styria, d. 9 May 2003 in Vienna) was an Austrian art historian, curator and art history author.
Personal life
Koschatzky attended the Realgymnasiums Bundeserziehungsanstalt Liebenau, in Graz, until 1936 when they moved to the Military Middle School, also in Liebenau. Between 1940 and 1945 they served in the German armed forces.
In 1945 they commenced studies in art history, archeology, history and philosophy at the University of Graz and graduated in 1952. They had financed their studies with a jazz ensemble, working for the British military broadcasters (britischen Besatzungsmacht betriebene Sendergruppe Alpenland) and the Styrian Provincial Theatre.
Koschatzky married Trude Caroline Bauer in March 1948; they died in July 1994. On 15 July 1996, they married Gabriela Elias, an Austrian author, museum curator and cultural journalist.
Walter Koschatzky was buried in Hietzinger Cemetery in Vienna.
Career
In 1953, Koschatzky joined the Office of the Styrian Government, and moved in 1955 to the Neue Galerie at the Universalmuseum Joanneum in Graz where they worked from 1956 to 1961 as a director. They produced acclaimed art exhibitions, art discussions, lecture series on the radio, art walks in Graz, art tours and activities in public education; they were an eloquent expert on the arts. In 1961, they succeeded Otto Benesch as director of the Albertina ago as their successor.
From 1 January 1962 to 1 October 1986 they were appointed, by Minister of Education Henry Drimmel, as director of the collection of Prints and Drawings at the Albertina in Vienna. During their term, there were more than 200 exhibitions; Koschatzky was one of the most famous directors of museums in Vienna. The list of exhibitions held during their term as director began in 1962 with Gustav Klimt (celebrating Klimt's 100th birthday). Koschatzky curated 100 exhibitions outside the Albertina, including important ones in foreign countries. In 1972, there were exhibitions of important drawings from the Albertina in Moscow and Leningrad; in 1985 in Washington DC and in New York City. In 1986, Koschatzky presented European draftsmanship in Beijing. They continued to produce exhibitions after they had retired.
Koschatzky participated in television programmes about artists.
Between 1973 and 1989, they taught at the Universities of Vienna and Salzburg.
Partial bibliography
Koschatzky wrote numerous works on art history, including:
Die Albertina in Vienna (The Albertina in Vienna) (with Alice Strobl; 1959)
Anton Lehmden (1970)
Die Kunst der Graphik. Technik, Geschichte, Meisterwerke (The art of the Graphic. Technology, History, Masterpieces) (1972, Taschenbuch 1975)
Rudolf von Alt 1812–1905 (1975; significantly expanded edition in 2001 with their second wife Gabriela Koschatzky Elias)
Mit Nadel und Säure (With needle and acid) (1982)
Die Kunst von Stein (The Art of Stone) (with Kristian Sotriffer; 1985)
In 2001, Koschatzky published their autobiography, Faszination Kunst.
Decorations and awards
Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class (1977)
Grand Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria (1983)
Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav (1967)
Commander of the Order of the British Empire (1969)
Commander of the Order of the Crown (Belgium) (1971)
Great Cross of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (1979)
Commander of the Order of the Polar Star, 1st class (Sweden, 1980)
Gold Honorary Medal of Vienna (1981)
Grand Golden Decoration of Styria (1981)
Honorary Ring of Styria (1996)
Honorary Ring of the city of Graz (2002)
References
1921 births
2003 deaths
Writers from Graz
Austrian art historians
Recipients of the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class
Recipients of the Grand Decoration for Services to the Republic of Austria
Honorary Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Commanders of the Order of the Crown (Belgium)
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Commanders First Class of the Order of the Polar Star
This is a list of the best selling singles, albums and as according to IRMA. Further listings can be found here.
Top-selling singles
"The Climb" – Joe McElderry
"I Gotta Feeling" – The Black Eyed Peas
"Poker Face" – Lady Gaga
"Just Dance" – Lady Gaga featuring Colby O'Donis
"Fight for This Love" – Cheryl Cole
"Meet Me Halfway" – The Black Eyed Peas
"Hallelujah" – Alexandra Burke
"Bad Boys" – Alexandra Burke featuring Flo Rida
"Broken Strings" – James Morrison featuring Nelly Furtado
"Bad Romance" – Lady Gaga
Top-selling albums
I Dreamed a Dream – Susan Boyle
Circus – Britney Spears
The Fame/The Fame Monster – Lady Gaga
I Am... Sasha Fierce – Beyoncé
The E.N.D. – The Black Eyed Peas
No Line on the Horizon – U2
Where We Are – Westlife
Sunny Side Up – Paolo Nutini
The Script – The Script
Only by the Night – Kings of Leon
Notes:
*Compilation albums are not included.
References
2009 in Irish music
Ireland top selllers
2009
Svend Aage Mortensen, M.D., Sc.D. (31 August 1942 – 22 April 2015) was a Danish cardiologist at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen, Denmark. Rigshospitalet was until February 2017 the largest hospital in Denmark; only surpassed by Skejby Sygehus, however, Rigshospitalet is a flagship in the Danish health care system. From 1990 until their death in 2015, Mortensen was the medical director of the heart transplantation unit at Rigshospitalet. They were a fellow of the European Society of Cardiologists. Mortensen is best known as the chief researcher and the leading author for the Q-Symbio study of the "Effect of Coenzyme Q10 on Morbidity and Mortality in Chronic Heart Failure."
Coenzyme Q10 Research
Mortensen was one of the first researchers, along with Dr. Gian-Paulo Littarru, Dr. Per Langsjoen, and Dr. William V. Judy, to work with Dr. Karl Folkers, who urged more research into the use of Coenzyme Q10 as an adjuvant treatment for heart failure patients. The early collaboration with Dr. Folkers led to the development of a study protocol for the Q-Symbio Study.
The Q-Symbio study was a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that investigated the effectiveness of adjunctive treatment of chronic heart failure patients with daily Coenzyme Q10 supplements in the ubiquinone form. The patients took 300 milligrams of Coenzyme Q10 (100 milligrams three times daily, with meals) or matching placebos for two years.
The results from the Q-Symbio study showed significantly improved symptoms and survival for the patients taking the active Coenzyme Q10 treatment together with their conventional heart failure medications.
Multiple treatment options with Coenzyme Q10
As a cardiologist, Mortensen saw multiple treatment options with Coenzyme Q10 in cardiovascular disease:
As a prophylactic treatment in statin therapy
As an adjunctive treatment of ischemic heart disease and angina pectoris
As a pretreatment for coronary artery bypass surgery or valve surgery
As an adjunctive treatment in arterial hypertension
As a prophylactic treatment in anthracycline therapy
As an adjunctive treatment in chronic heart failure
New guidelines for the management of heart failure
Following the publication of the results of the Q-Symbio study, Mortensen urged that the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines for the management of heart failure be revised to include adjunctive treatment with the natural substance Coenzyme Q10.
They summarized the case for Coenzyme Q10 as an adjunctive treatment for heart failure:
Safety: no serious side effects recorded in randomized controlled trials (RCT)s
Interactions: no definite drug interactions reported
Efficacy:
RCTs: reduced hospitalizations and reduced mortality for heart failure patients
Meta-analyses of RCTs: improved left ventricular ejection fraction and improved NYHA class
Formulations: best bio-availability of the Coenzyme Q10 when it is dissolved in vegetable oil and administered in capsules manufactured under pharmaceutical quality control
Coenzyme Q10 and the "energy starved heart"
Mortensen's research prior to the Q-Symbio study had convinced them of the importance of adequate Coenzyme Q10 for the heart muscle cells:
They knew that there is an inverse correlation between the concentrations of Coenzyme Q10 in the heart muscle tissue and the severity of heart failure.
They suspected that energy starvation of the myocardium (the "energy starved heart") is a dominant feature of heart failure; their research efforts were focused on finding a well-tolerated agent (Coenzyme Q10) to improve the energy and force of the heart muscle.
They liked the safe and positive way in which Coenzyme Q10 adjunctive treatment improved heart function; Coenzyme Q10 as a medication did not block any neurohormonal responses in the heart. Instead, Coenzyme Q10 naturally enhanced the process of producing energy in the heart muscle cells.
They were aware that statin medications inhibit not only the bio-synthesis of cholesterol but also the bio-synthesis of Coenzyme Q10, thereby reducing the level of Coenzyme Q10 in the blood and in the heart muscle tissue.
Concern for heart failure patients
Mortensen's highest concern was the welfare of their heart failure patients and heart transplantation patients. They knew that heart failure is a disabling disease that diminishes the quality of life of the patients. It is a disease with an increasing prevalence. It is a disease that continues to have a poor prognosis even though advances have been made in various drug and medical device therapies.
Mortensen's research established Coenzyme Q10 adjunctive treatment as a way to improve heart failure outcomes and break the metabolic vicious cycle in the heart muscle.
References
1942 births
2015 deaths
Nayan Tara Das (born January 1, 1915 in Puranigunj, Monghyr, date of death unknown) was member of 1st Lok Sabha from Jamui (Lok Sabha constituency) in Bihar.
They were elected to 2nd from Munger, 3rd and 4th Lok Sabha from Jamui.
References
1915 births
Year of death missing
India MPs 1952–1957
India MPs 1957–1962
India MPs 1962–1967
India MPs 1967–1970
Bihari politicians
People from Jamui district
People from Munger district
Judith Collins (died 2014) was a university lecturer and researcher at Durham University. They were Deaf and a British Sign Language user.
Biography
Collins was born to a Deaf family. They worked as a teacher and researcher at Durham University for more than 20 years. They began as a Teaching Fellow at the University of Durham in the Deaf Studies Research Unit (DSRU), joining in 1991 as one of the first Deaf academics to be appointed by the university. They taught on a range of postgraduate courses and contributed to research projects in the fields of Deaf Studies, Deaf Education and Sign Linguistics. They were member of the team that produced the first British Sign Language Dictionary in 1993, a dictionary containing over 1800 depictions of signs, along with their definition and explanation.
Upon the closure of the DSRU in 2000, Collins transferred to the Modern Language Centre and the School of Linguistics and Language, teaching Sign Language undergraduate modules. Them research interests included the translation into BSL of assessments for Deaf children, and the provision of interpreter services in the UK. In particular, they co-ordinated and contributed to teaching a BSL/English interpreter programme. They were also a representative on the executive of the Association of Sign Language Interpreters (ASLI) for the ASLI Deaf Interpreters Network, and they were involved in the setting up of the Deaf Interpreter Consortium in 2007.
In 2005, they were elected for a three-year term as a member of the Senate of Durham University as one of the representatives of academic staff of the university. They were believed to be the first native BSL user to be a member of the highest formal academic planning body of a university.
They were ill with cancer in 1987, after which they helped to set up the Deaf Women's Health Organisation, of which they remained Patron until their death in 2014.
References
Deaf people from England
BSL users
Year of birth missing
2014 deaths
is a former Japanese football player and manager. They played for Japan national team.
Club career
Matsumoto was born in Utsunomiya on November 3, 1941. After graduating from high school, they joined Toyo Industries in 1964. In 1965, Toyo Industries joined new league Japan Soccer League. The club won league champions in 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1970. The club also won 1965, 1967 and 1969 Emperor's Cup. They retired in 1973. They played 88 games and scored 31 goals in the league. They were selected Best Eleven in 1966.
National team career
In December 1966, Matsumoto was selected Japan national team for 1966 Asian Games. At this competition, on December 10, they debuted against India. In 1968, they were selected Japan for 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. They played 4 matches and Japan won Bronze Medal. In 2018, this team was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. They played 11 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1969.
Coaching career
After retirement, Matsumoto became a manager for Toyo Industries as Kenzo Ohashi successor in 1976. They also named a manager for Japan U-20 national team. They managed at 1979 World Youth Championship in Japan. In April 1999, they signed with J2 League club Kawasaki Frontale. They led the club to won the champions and promoted to J1 League. In 2004, they signed with Sagan Tosu and managed in 3 seasons. In 2009, they were selected Japan Football Hall of Fame. In 2010, they became a manager for Sagan Tosu again. In September 2013, when they were 71 years old, they signed with Tochigi SC. They became the first manager for the 70s in J.League.
National team statistics
Managerial statistics
Awards
Japan Soccer League Best Eleven: 1966
Japan Soccer League Star Ball Award: 1966
References
External links
Japan National Football Team Database
Japan Football Hall of Fame at Japan Football Association
Japan Football Hall of Fame (Japan team at 1968 Olympics) at Japan Football Association
1941 births
Living people
Waseda University alumni
Association football people from Tochigi Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan international footballers
Japan Soccer League players
Sanfrecce Hiroshima players
Olympic footballers of Japan
Olympic medalists in football
Olympic bronze medalists for Japan
Footballers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in football
Asian Games bronze medalists for Japan
Footballers at the 1966 Asian Games
Japanese football managers
J2 League managers
Kawasaki Frontale managers
Sagan Tosu managers
Tochigi SC managers
Association football forwards
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Muriel Evelyn Robb (13 May 1878 – 12 February 1907) was an English female tennis player.  They are best remembered for their ladies' singles title at the 1902 Wimbledon Championships. They also won the Irish and Scottish singles titles in 1901 and the Welsh singles title in 1899. They attended the Cheltenham Ladies' College, in Gloucestershire from 1893 to 1897 and was a member of the Jesmond Lawn Tennis Club in Newcastle. From 1899 to 1902 they participated in four Wimbledon Championships and reached at least the quarterfinal on all occasions.
They died of "Lymphadenoma 2 years 4 months” and “Exhaustion and cardiac failure” (death certificate) on 12 February 1907 in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne.
Grand Slam record
Wimbledon
Singles champion: 1902
This match set a record for the longest women's final. On the first day of play rain stopped play at 4–6, 13–11. It was replayed the next day when Robb won 7–5, 6–1.
Grand Slam singles final
Win (1)
Grand Slam performance timeline
See also
Performance timelines for all female tennis players who reached at least one Grand Slam final
References
1878 births
1907 deaths
19th-century English people
19th-century female tennis players
20th-century English people
20th-century English women
English female tennis players
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in women's singles
Sportspeople from Newcastle upon Tyne
Wimbledon champions (pre-Open Era)
Deaths from cancer in England
British female tennis players
Tennis people from Tyne and Wear
Myeongil-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Gangdong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
History
The name of Myeongil was named after 'Myeongil-won' during Goryeo Dynasty in the 10th century. Myeongil-won was an accommodation facilities and duty station of renting or transferring horses for the Public officials who go a business trip. In modern times, Myeongil-dong was actually a part of Myeongil-ri, Gucheon-myeon, Gwangju, Gyeonggi-do Province, and then be included into Seoul in 1963. Even nowadays, the street of Gucheonmyeon-gil still exists. From the late 1970s to mid-1980s, large scale of falm and orchard were renovated into huge apartments complex built by Korea National Housing Corporation (currently Korea Land & Housing Corporation), Samick, Woosung, Hanyang and Hyundai Engineering and Construction and developed as one of new town in Seoul, along with Mok-dong and Sanggye-dong in the 1990s. In 1995, Seoul Subway Line 5 was passed through this area stopping at Godeok Station, Myeongil Station and Gubeundari Station. Currently, Myeongil-dong is well known for the location of Myungsung Presbyterian Church, E-mart Myeongil branch, Home plus Gangdong branch and neighborhood of Hanyoung Foreign Language High School.
Area information
The new 5-digit postal code for Myeongil-dong is 05257.
The 6-digit postal code, used until 2015, was 134-070. 134 is for Gangdong-gu and 070 is for Myeongil-dong.
See also
Administrative divisions of Gangdong-gu
Administrative divisions of Seoul
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Gangdong-gu official website
Gangdong-gu map
The Myeongil 1 dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Gangdong District
Chrome Hill is a limestone reef knoll
in Derbyshire, England, in the upper Dove valley beside the border with Staffordshire. It is adjacent to Parkhouse Hill, another reef knoll. The walk over Chrome Hill and Parkhouse Hill is known as the Dragon's Back ridge.
Chrome Hill was declared open access land
under the provisions of the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000. However, the only access from the north west remains along a concessionary footpath. Chrome Hill contains good exposures of Gigantoproductus fossils; it is part of a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest which makes it an offence for visitors to remove geological samples.
A double sunset can sometimes be seen against Chrome Hill from the southern flank of Parkhouse Hill; and also from nearby Glutton Bridge, on the upper valley of the River Dove, which is more easily accessible. The phenomenon is visible from Glutton Bridge in good weather for a short period around the summer solstice, when the sun sets just to the southwest of the summit of Chrome Hill, begins to re-emerge almost immediately afterwards from its steep northeastern slope before fully reappearing and later sets for a second and final time at the foot of the hill.
Chrome Hill has had songs written in its honour by the Norwegian musicians Sigurd Hole (Chrome Hill) and Jonas Howden Sjøvaag (Up on Chrome Hill). In 2008 the Norwegian jazz quartet Damp changed its name to Chrome Hill.
Broadcast in 2022, the final episode of the final season of Peaky Blinders was filmed overlooking Chrome Hill.
References
Mountains and hills of the Peak District
Mountains and hills of Derbyshire
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Derbyshire
Roman Mykolayovych Debelko (; born 8 August 1993) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih.
Career
Debelko is a product of the FC Prykarpattya and FC Metalurh Donetsk youth sportive schools.
Honours
Shakhtyor Soligorsk
Belarusian Premier League: 2021
Riga
Latvian Higher League: (2) 2019, 2020
Levadia Tallinn
Estonian Supercup: 2018
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Metalurh Donetsk players
FC Stal Kamianske players
FC Urartu players
FC Karpaty Lviv players
FCI Levadia Tallinn players
Riga FC players
FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk players
FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Meistriliiga players
Latvian Higher League players
Belarusian Premier League players
Armenian Premier League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Armenia
Expatriate footballers in Estonia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Estonia
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Sportspeople from Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker, first published in 1914, two years after Stoker's death, at the behest of their widow Florence Balcombe.
The same collection has been issued under short titles including simply Dracula's Guest. Meanwhile, collections published under longer titles contain different selections of stories.
Contents of the collection
Adaptations
"The Burial of the Rats" was adapted in 1995 as a movie called Bram Stoker's Burial of the Rats by Roger Corman's film company and as a comic book by Jerry Prosser and Francisco Solano Lopez.
"The Squaw" was adapted for comics by Archie Goodwin (script) and Reed Crandall (art) for Creepy magazine no.13.
Dracula's Guest was adapted for comics by E. Nelson Bridwell (script) and Frank Bolle (art) for Eerie magazine no.16.
Notes
References
Klinger, Leslie S. (2008) The New Annotated Dracula. W.W. Norton & Co.. .
Skal, David J. (1993). The Monster Show: A Cultural History of Horror. Penguin Books. .
External links
Bram Stoker Online – Full text and PDF versions of the entire collection.
1914 short story collections
Books published posthumously
Dracula in written fiction
Horror short story collections
Routledge books
Short story collections by Bram Stoker
Vampires in written fiction
Springfield High School (SHS) is a public secondary school located in Springfield, Illinois, United States. It is the oldest of the three high schools in Springfield Public Schools District 186 (the other two being Southeast High School and Lanphier High School). The school draws mainly from the west side of Springfield.
While the school opened in 1857, the current building was opened in 1916. A number of notable alumni have called the school home, with the writer Vachel Lindsay being the most associated with the town, which featured prominently in their writings.
Building history and architecture
Springfield High School opened on 4 September 1857 in a small building on Market Street, now known as Capitol Avenue. It was located in this building for only a single school year before it moved to the Academy Building on South 5th Street near Monroe until 1864. In 1865, a $65,000 school building was completed for the high school and was located on 4th and Madison Street. Due to congestion, Central High School was built in 1897, but was already overcrowded by 1915.
In 1915, plans were made to erect a new school in Forest Park. Once the site of a church and Hutchinson Cemetery, the church was gone, but there were still gravestones and remains that were moved to Oak Ridge Cemetery before construction could begin. The new school was completed in 1916.
There are four mosaics on the exterior walls of the building completed by Henry Chapman Mercer. The original molds are a part of the Moravian Pottery and Tile Works.
Academics
In 2008, SHS had an average composite ACT score of 22.0, and graduated 91.0% of its senior class. Springfield High School has not made Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) on the Prairie State Achievement Examination, which with the ACT, comprise the State of Illinois' assessment as part of the federal No Child Left Behind Act. The school, overall, did not meet AYP in mathematics, and two student subgroups failed to meet AYP in both mathematics and reading.
Student life
Activities
29 student clubs are hosted at SHS, ranging from academic and foreign language to school spirit and philanthropic. Among the national organizations with chapters or affiliates at the school are Junior State of America, Model United Nations, and the National Honor Society.
The school's scholastic bowl team finished fourth at the IHSA state championship tournament in 2008, as well as second in 2021.
Athletics
Springfield High School competes in the Central State Eight Conference, and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA), which governs most interscholastic athletics and competitive activities in Illinois. Teams are stylized as the "Senators".
SHS sponsors interscholastic athletic teams for young men and women in basketball, cross-country, golf, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis, and track & field. Young men may compete in baseball, football, and wrestling, while young women may compete in cheerleading, softball, and volleyball.
The following teams have finished in the top four of their respective IHSA sponsored state championship tournaments or meets:
Baseball: 2nd place (1984–85) 2nd place (2015–16) State Champions 2020-21
Basketball (boys'): 4th place (1915–16); 3rd place (1966–67); 2nd place (1914–15, 1918–19, 1932–33); State Champions (1916–17, 1934–35, 1958–59)
Basketball (girls'): 4th place (2008–09, 2011–12); 3rd place (2009–10, 2010–11)
Cross Country (boys'): 4th place (2007–08, 2011–12, 2014–15, 2017–18); 3rd place (2009–10); 2nd place (2010–11, 2018–19)
Cross Country (girls'): State Champions (2009–10); 3rd place (2010–11); 4th place (2011–12)
Golf (boys'): 4th place (1952–53, 1953–54, 1986–87)
Golf (girls'): 2nd place (1984–85, 1985–86)
Soccer (boys'): State Champions (1997–98); 3rd place (2014–15)
Softball: 3rd place (1991–92)
Tennis (boys'): 4th place (1949–50)
Track & Field (boys'): 4th place (1894–95, 1913–14, 1915–16, 1919–20, 1921–22); 3rd place (1892–93, 1918–19); 2nd place (1945–46, 1946–47)
Track & Field (girls'): 4th place (2013–14); 3rd place (2010–11)
Fine arts
Springfield has three choir groups and one showhchoir (Seven and Senators, Scarlet Harmony, Mixed Chorus, and IN Session Showchoir). The "IN Session" showchoir is an extracurricular activity who rehearses two nights a week. IN Session showchoir is a choir that combine choral singing with dance. Started in 2011, IN Session performs around the city of Springfield and competes around the Midwest. Since 2011, IN Session showchoir has won numerous awards and has been rank by the Nation showchoir rank system.
The school has a marching band, which performs at home football games and at other local events, and two pep bands, which take turns playing at home basketball games. For the concert season there are three groups (Concert Band, Symphonic Band, and Wind Ensemble). There are also two jazz bands and a flute choir, along with a clarinet choir.
The school stages a play each autumn and a musical each spring. Recent musicals include Cats, created by Andrew Lloyd Webber, Legally Blonde, Hairspray, and "Beauty and the Beast."
PLATO (computer system)
The only remote PLATO III terminal was at Springfield High School. It was connected to the PLATO III system by a video connection and a separate dedicated line for keyboard data.
Notable alumni
Charles A. Bane (class of 1930) was a prominent jurist and civil rights activist. They were nominated by President Richard Nixon to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, but never confirmed.
Thom Bishop (class of 1969) is a songwriter, author, producer, playwright, and educator.
Thomas A. Broady (class of 1896) was a ragtime piano composer and performer.
J. Edward Day (class of 1932) was a lawyer and political appointee who served as Illinois State Insurance Commissioner before being appointed U.S. Postmaster General (1961–63) by President John F. Kennedy.
Toy Dorgan (class of 1963) is a former speed skater who placed 14th in the 3,000 meter events at the 1968 Winter Olympics. They later took up cross-country skiing, winning the Australian national championship five times.
John Porter East (class of 1949) was a U.S. Senator from North Carolina (1981–86).
Ruth Ellis was the oldest known open lesbian, and a LGBT rights activist. Them life was the subject of a documentary, Living With Pride: Ruth C. Ellis @ 100. They formed the Ruth Ellis Center, a social service agency dedicated to helping LGBTQ teens and youth adults experiencing homelessness.
Robert Fitzgerald (class of 1928) is known for translating many Greek texts into the English versions that many consider the standard. From 1984–85, they were Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress, the equivalent of Poet Laureate of the United States.
Richard Fortman (class of 1933) was a champion checkers player and authority on the game.Staff. "Richard L. Fortman", State Journal-Register, November 10, 2008. Accessed December 25, 2008.
Jerry Fry (class of 1974) is a former Major League Baseball player, briefly playing for the Montréal Expos in 1978.
William Howarth (class of 1958) is a writer and professor at Princeton University. They study the relationship between man and nature, especially as expressed in literature.
Justin Knoedler (class of 1998) was a catcher for the San Francisco Giants (2004–06).
Andrew Lam (class of 1994) author and retinal surgeon
Vachel Lindsay (class of 1897) was a poet (The Golden Book of Springfield, Bryan, Bryan, Bryan, Bryan, Abraham Lincoln Walks at Midnight).
William H. Luers (class of 1947) is a career United States Foreign Service officer who served as United States Ambassador to Venezuela (1978–82) and Czechoslovakia (1983–86). They later served as president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
James S. Martin Jr. (class of 1938) was the NASA Project Manager for the Viking program.
Jared Palomar (class of 2002) is a bass player for the California-based band Augustana.
Dave Robisch (class of 1967) played professional basketball in both the ABA and NBA (1971–84). Their uniform number 40 is retired by the University of Kansas.
Ducky Schofield (class of 1953) is a former MLB player for the St. Louis Cardinals, Pittsburgh Pirates, San Francisco Giants, New York Yankees, Los Angeles Dodgers, Boston Red Sox, and Milwaukee Brewers.
Hiram Sherman was an actor, both on television, and on Broadway. They twice won a Tony Award (Two's Company, How Now Dow Jones'').
Edward Sternaman was a running back for the Chicago Bears. From 1920–32 they were the co-owner of the Bears with George Halas.
Joey Sternaman was a professional football quarterback (1922–30), playing most of their career with the Chicago Bears.
N. Ronald Thunman (class of 1949) served 35 years of active duty in the United States Navy, rising to the rank of vice-admiral. Their work included Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Submarine Warfare and Chief of Naval Education and Training. Thunman was the commander of the first-year class of John McCain.
Bob Trumpy (class of 1963) is a former Pro Bowl tight end for the Cincinnati Bengals (1968–77).  They are currently a broadcaster with the NFL on Westwood One.
Harlington Wood Jr. (class of 1938) was a jurist and lawyer who served on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois (1973–76) and United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (1976–2008). While working for the United States Department of Justice in 1973, they led negotiations that ended the Wounded Knee incident.
References
External links
Springfield High School website
1857 establishments in Illinois
Educational institutions established in 1857
Public high schools in Illinois
Schools in Springfield, Illinois
The siege of Ganja was the successful siege of the city of Ganja, by the Georgians under King George IV in 1213.
Background
After Queen Tamar's death, the kingdom was inherited by their son George IV. The young king was no sooner crowned than Uzbek, Eldiguzid ruler of Ganja revolted and stopped bringing tribute to the King. Learning of this, King George called Darbazi – the supreme royal council – where they proposed punishing the atabeg of Ganja immediately. The nobles approved a campaign and with an ample army George IV set out to ravage Ganja.
Battle
The Georgian army under Ivane Mkhargrdzeli immediately sent troops to Ganja and enforced Georgian suzerainty by besieging, instead of storming the city. George lost patience with their generals' decision, detached 4,000 men from the siege force and circled Ganja, from the plain alongside the river Kura, to attack from behind. The Ganja garrison realized George's vulnerability: 10,000 well-armed men left the citadel and attacked. The ensuing fighting, although the Georgians won, caused heavy casualties. Because Ganja's besieged citizens were starving, Uzbek called for a truce. The atabeg of Ganja was compelled to continue paying the tribute and acknowledge themselves a subject of Georgia. George IV was reprimanded and had to apologize when the military authorities scolded them for their wayward and willful behavior.
References
13th century in the Kingdom of Georgia
Ganja
The 2020–21 NWFL Premiership was the 31st season of Nigeria women's top-flight association football league and the first since its renaming. The season began December 9, 2020.
This season saw 14 teams competing as the number of clubs were expanded from 12.
Adamawa Queens, Ibom Angels and Heartland Queens failed to meet the deadline for club licensing and registration and where subsequently relegated to the NWFL Championship. They were replaced by Dream Stars Ladies and Osun Babes who were initially relegated from the 2019 season.
Pro-league champions Olori Babes, were promoted and renamed Royal Queens, Pelican Stars were also promoted from the Pro-league.
On 25 April 2021, Rivers Angels won the Super Six tournament, clinching their 7th title and qualifying for the maiden CAF Women's Champions League. Subsequently, on 11 May, Ibom Angels and DreamStar Ladies were confirmed relegated, the later eliminated on goal difference.
Format
This season saw a return to the straight table format without the clubs divided into groups since the 2014 season. All 14 teams were to play each other home and away to decide the league champions.
On 5 April, the NWFL board and the 14 clubs participating in the league agreed that the top six clubs at the end of the first round would play in a "Super Six" series to determine the league champions, while the bottom four clubs at the end of the same period would battle for survival in a play-off, with the last two teams at the end of the series relegated. The decision was taken due to the inaugural CAF Women's Champions League due to begin in May, so as to enter the country's representatives.
Clubs
Regular season
Playoffs
Championship playoffs
The top six teams at the end of the regular season engaged each other in a round-robin playoff between 19 to 25 April in order to decide the league champion and representative at the maiden CAF Women's Champions League. All matches were played at the Dipo Dina International Stadium in Ijebu-Ode.
Relegation playoffs
The bottom four teams at the end of the regular season engaged each other in a round-robin playoff between 8 to 11 May to decide the last two clubs to be relegated. All matches were played at the University of Benin Sports Complex in Benin City.
Statistical leaders
Top scorers
This does not include playoffs.
Hat-tricks
Individual awards
Monthly awards
References
External links
NWFL Premiership 2020/21 at RSSF
NWFL Premiership seasons
N
Women
The 2014–15 Cyprus Basketball Division A was the 48th season of the Cyprus Basketball Division A, the top-tier level professional basketball league on Cyprus. The season started on November 1, 2014, and ended April 21, 2015. AEK Larnaca won the national championship.
Regular season
Rounds 1-12
Rounds 13-18
Playoffs
References
Cyprus
Basketball
Basketball
Cyprus Basketball Division 1
The 2005 Under-18 European Promotion Cup for Women was the fifth edition of the basketball European Promotion Cup for U18 women's teams, today known as FIBA U18 Women's European Championship Division C. It was played in Scotland from 11 to 16 July 2005. The host team, Scotland, won the tournament.
Participating teams
First round
Group A
Group B
5th–8th place playoffs
5th–8th place semifinals
7th place match
5th place match
Championship playoffs
Semifinals
3rd place match
Final
Final standings
References
2005
2005–06 in European women's basketball
FIBA U18
Sports competitions in Scotland
FIBA
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1976–77 season.
Overview
Al Kuwait Kaifan won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1976–77
1976–77 in Asian association football leagues
football
Gavin Marc Rothery (born 22 September 1987) is an English footballer who played as a midfielder for Pontefract Collieries as well as being a youth team coach at Leeds United.  They are a former England U19 international.
Playing career
Early career
Born in Morley, West Yorkshire, Rothery progressed through the Leeds United youth system and was first involved in the first team after being an unused substitute against Rotherham United on 8 May 2005. They were named in the England under-19 team in February 2006 along with Theo Walcott. They agreed a new one-year contract with Leeds in August 2007.
Rothery was rated as one of the best prospects at the academy but suffered a major ankle injury which required ankle reconstruction surgery which ultimately became a major setback for their development.
After being released by Leeds in April 2008, they signed a short-term contract with Conference Premier team York City on 24 October following a trial. They made their debut as a 90th-minute substitute in a 1–0 defeat to Oxford United. They were released by new manager Martin Foyle on 23 December, after making three appearances for York. They signed for Harrogate Town of the Conference North on 31 December.
Carlisle United
Rothery started a trial with League One team Carlisle United in January 2009, which was later extended. They signed a one-month contract with the club and had this extended in March. They made one appearance for Carlisle before the end of the 2008–09 season, being an 86th-minute substitute in a 1–0 defeat to Huddersfield Town. After the end of the season, in May, they were offered a new one-year contract, which they subsequently signed. They joined Conference Premier team Barrow on loan until 3 January 2010 on 26 November. They finished the 2009–10 season with five appearances for Carlisle and the club announced that they would be released when their contract expired on 30 June.
Guiseley
At the start of the 2010–11 season they joined newly promoted Conference North side Guiseley on trial and was subsequently signed on in July. In November 2010, Guiseley were drawn against Conference Premier leaders Crawley Town. As a result of good form in the first half of the 2011–12 season, Rothery was handed a contract extension in January 2012, keeping them at Nethermoor until May 2013. They missed the second half of the 2011/12 season with a broken toe. In the 2012/13 season, they won the Conference North player of the month for August after netting five goals in four games for the Lions.
Gainsborough Trinity
On 16 June 2016 it was announced that Rothery had signed for National League North side Gainsborough Trinity.
Northern Premier League
After a brief spell at Bradford Park Avenue on loan in the 2016–17 season, they signed for newly promoted Northern Premier League Premier Division side Shaw Lane in the summer of 2017. They only spent one season at Shaw Lane as the club folded at the end of the campaign due to lack of investment. They subsequently joined newly-promoted Hyde United on a free transfer. In October 2018 they dropped down a division to sign for Northern Premier League East Division side Pontefract Collieries on a season-long loan before making it a permanent transfer at the end of the campaign.
Coaching career
After having their career disrupted due to injury, Rothery returned to their original club Leeds United on 19 July 2011, to start a new career coaching children at schools in Leeds for Leeds United's youth academy.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Morley, West Yorkshire
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Leeds United F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Harrogate Town A.F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Barrow A.F.C. players
Guiseley A.F.C. players
Gainsborough Trinity F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Hyde United F.C. players
Pontefract Collieries F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Northern Premier League players
Rock Da Party is the studio album by Sukshinder Shinda released on 12 July 2012.
Videos were released for "Nanka Mail" , "Hurrr" , "Ni Sohniye Ni" , "Mucch Khari", and "One in a Million".
Track listing
All music composed by Sukshinder Shinda
References
External links
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/rock-da-party/id544006319
2012 albums
Archuleta County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,359. The county seat and the only incorporated municipality in the county is Pagosa Springs.
History
Archuleta County was created by the Colorado legislature on April 14, 1885, out of western Conejos County. It was named for Jose Manuel Archuleta, "head of one of the old Spanish families of New Mexico", and in honor of their son Antonio D. Archuleta, who was the Senator from Conejos County at the time.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Mineral County, Colorado - north
Rio Grande County, Colorado - northeast
Conejos County, Colorado - east
Rio Arriba County, New Mexico - south
San Juan County, New Mexico - southwest
La Plata County, Colorado - west
Hinsdale County, Colorado - northwest
Airport
Stevens Field
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 84
U.S. Highway 160
State Highway 17
State Highway 151
National protected areas
Rio Grande National Forest
San Juan National Forest
Chimney Rock National Monument
South San Juan Wilderness
State protected area
Navajo State Park
Scenic and historic trails
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Waterways
Chamita River
Dutton Creek
Little Navajo River
Martinez Creek
McCabe Creek
Mill Creek
Piedra River
Rio Blanco
Rio Chama
San Juan River
Stollsteimer Creek
Williams Creek
Demographics
According to the 2020 census, there were 13,359 people, 5,736 households living in the county. The average household size was 2.34 persons. The population density was 9.9 people per square mile (3.8/km2). As of 2021, there were 9,693 housing units at an average density of 7.2 per square mile (2.8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.9% White, 0.9% Black or African American, 3.8% Native American, 1.2% Asian, 0.2% Pacific Islander, and 3.1% from two or more races. 18.5% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
The age distribution was 4.1% under 5 years, 17.5% under 18 years, 51.1% between 18 and 64 years, and 27.3% 65 years or older. 49.9% were female.
The median household income (in 2020 dollars) was $55,658. The per capita income for the county was $32,995. About 9.40% of the population were at or below the poverty line.
Politics
As of January 2022, Archuleta County had approximately 10,696 active registered voters. There were 40.6% unaffiliated with a party, 38.3% Republican, 19.6% Democrat, .8% Libertarian, .2% Green, and .5% various other parties.
Voting in the county tends to favor conservative choices, especially at the state and national level, but winning elections for unaffiliated local candidates are not uncommon.
Communities
Town
Pagosa Springs
Census-designated place
Arboles
Other unincorporated places
Chimney Rock
Chromo
Juanita
Education
School districts include:
Archuleta County School District 50-JT
Bayfield School District 10 JT-R
Ignacio School District 11-JT
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Archuleta County, Colorado
References
External links
Archuleta County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
1885 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1885
Colorado counties
The Charles County school system (CCPS) is a public school system run by the publicly-elected Charles County Board of Education and is funded by Charles County, Maryland through taxpayer money allocated by the Charles County Board of Commissioners.
Located south of Washington, D.C., in Charles County, Maryland, CCPS is one of the fastest growing school systems in Maryland. The mission of CCPS is to provide an opportunity for all school-aged children to receive an academically challenging, quality education that builds character, equips for leadership and prepares for life, in an environment that is safe and conducive to learning.
Board of Education
An eight-member elected Board of Education serves the educational needs and interests of Charles County. The Board is made up of 7 at-large members and 1 student member. The Board establishes educational and fiscal policy, provides overall direction and governs Charles County Public Schools. Board members serve four-year terms. The Student Board member serves a one-year term. The next election is in November 2022.
Following legislation passed in the 2021 Maryland General Assembly Regular Session, the Board of Education will consist of 10 members following the 2022 Maryland gubernatorial election. The school board will have 1 at-large member, 2 members from each Commissioner district (8 total), and 1 voting student member. The student member gained a vote in all matters except capital and operating budgets, personnel decisions, and a few other minor exclusions. The legislation also restricted Board members to serving no more than 3 consecutive terms.
* denotes Chairman of Board of Education.
** denotes Vice Chairman of Board of Education.
Student Member of the Board
The Charles County Board of Education is one of few Boards of Education in the nation to have a voting Student Board member. The Student Member of the Board has a vote on all matters except capital and operating budgets, personnel decisions, and a few other minor exclusions.
* While Lindsey Adkisson's two terms were counted separately, Ian Herd's were counted together.
Schools
High schools
La Plata High School (La Plata)
Henry E. Lackey High School (Indian Head)
Maurice J. McDonough High School (Pomfret)
North Point High School (Waldorf)
Thomas Stone High School (Waldorf)
Westlake High School (Waldorf)
St. Charles High School (Waldorf)
Middle schools
Theodore G. Davis (Waldorf)
John Hanson (Waldorf)
Matthew Henson (Pomonkey)
Mattawoman (Waldorf)
Piccowaxen (Newburg)
General Smallwood (Potomac Heights)
Milton M. Somers (La Plata)
Benjamin Stoddert (St. Charles)
Elementary schools
C. Paul Barnhart (Waldorf)
Berry (Waldorf)
Dr. Gustavus Brown (Waldorf)
Dr. James Craik (Pomfret)
William A. Diggs (Waldorf)
Gale-Bailey (Marbury)
Dr. Thomas L. Higdon (Newburg)
Indian Head (Indian Head)
Daniel of St. Thomas Jenifer (Waldorf)
Malcolm (Malcolm)
T.C. Martin (Bryantown)
Mary H. Matula (La Plata)
Arthur Middleton (Waldorf)
Walter J. Mitchell (La Plata)
Mt. Hope/Nanjemoy (Nanjemoy)
Dr. Samuel A. Mudd (Waldorf)
Mary Burgess Neal (Waldorf)
J.C. Parks (Pomonkey)
J.P. Ryon (Waldorf)
Eva Turner (St. Charles)
William B. Wade (Waldorf)
Other
Special Education Department, Assistive Technology Center
Adult Education Services, External Diploma Program, Adult Services Center
F.B. Gwynn Educational Center
Adult Education Services, Lifelong Learning Center
Nanjemoy Creek Environmental Education Center
Robert D. Stethem Educational Center
James E. Richmond Science Center
References
External links
Charles County Public Schools
School districts in Maryland
Education in Charles County, Maryland
Thanking the Audience () was a 1900 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 292 in its catalogues.
The film was designed to be projected at the end of a showing of short films. It depicted seven international figures—"a Frenchman, English soldier, German, Spaniard, Italian lady, Russian, and Turkish lady"—transforming into each other, each displaying the words "Thanks, hope to see you again" in a different language.
Thanking the Audience is currently presumed lost.
References
1900 films
French silent short films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
Lost French films
French black-and-white films
1900s French films
Ernest Benn Limited was a British publishing house.
Sir John Benn
Founded by Sir John Benn as Benn Brothers in 1880, it started as the publisher of the trade journal, The cabinetmaker.
Ernest Benn
After Sir John was elected to Parliament in 1892, they passed control of the firm to their eldest son Ernest, who became managing director and started publishing more trade journals, such as Gas World, the Fruit Grower and the Electrician, as well as "technical books for each specialized public". In 1923, Ernest changed the name of the firm to Ernest Benn Limited. However, the name 'Benn Brothers' was subsequently revived with the formation of Benn Brothers plc.
Benn hired Victor Gollancz in 1921. Gollancz published a very successful series of art books. They later recruited the writers Edith Nesbit, Robert W. Service and H. G. Wells.
Thanks to Gollancz's gifts as a publisher, the company's turnover increased 100-fold in seven years. But Benn was unwilling to cede control of the company to him. Moreover, Benn had moved to the political right and Gollancz to the left. Gollancz left the firm in 1927 to form their own firm, Victor Gollancz Limited.
The firm published a number of books for children and young people, including The Story of the Amulet (1927) by E. Nesbit, Moominsummer Madness (1955) by Tove Jansson, Donkey Days (1977) by Helen Cresswell, and Sybil and the Blue Rabbit (1979) by Jane Johnson.
Book series
In addition to individual books, Ernest Benn Limited was known for a number of series:
Benn's Essex Library
Benn's Yellow Books
The Blue Guides – travel guides (previously published by Muirhead)
Chats Series: Practical Handbooks for Collectors
Contemporary British Artists
Contemporary British Dramatists
Drawings of the Great Masters
Kai Khosru Monographs on Eastern Art
Leaders in Philosophy
Mermaid Critical Commentaries
Mermaid Series &ndash reprints of English Elizabethan, Jacobean and Restoration plays
The New Mermaids – new version of Benn's Mermaid Series
New Ninepenny Novels
The Players' Shakespeare
Self and Society Booklets
Sixpenny Library – early paperback educational series
Sixpenny Poets
Stead's Poets, begun by W. T. Stead in 1895 and re-issued by Benn from ?–1926
Stories of the Commonwealth Series
Tolley Tax Guides
University College (London) Monographs on English Mediæval Art
1980s
Ernest Benn Ltd, along with Benn Brothers plc and the other members of the Benn Group of Companies, was taken over by the Extel Group in June 1983. Extel was taken over by United Newspapers in 1987.
References
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Publishing companies established in 1880
1880 establishments in the United Kingdom
Lal Vijay Shahdeo is an Indian writer, director and producer in the Indian film and television industry.
Early life
They were born in Hesapiri village in Kisko block of Lohardaga. Shahdeo has worked as a theatre director, actor, to their shift to television as casting director, writer, producer and finally a film writer, director and producer.
Career
Shahdeo has worked with many companies such as UTV, Percept Picture Company, B.R. Films, Creative Eye, Miditech and Big Synergy. Shahdeo had the opportunity to work with television channels in India, including Star Plus, Star One, Sony, Zee TV and Hungama. They have worked as a casting director, senior executive producer, creative director, supervising producer, head of operations, project head, writer and director.
They have directed short film, The Silent Statue, which was accepted at Cannes Film Festival 2016 in Short Film Corner. Shahdeo directed feature films Lohardaga in Hindi, Nagpuri/Hindi debut Phulmania premiered in the Jharkhand International Film Festival Awards (JIFFA) in 2018 and 2019 respectively. Films Lohardaga and Phulmania also premiered in the 2019 Cannes Film Festival.
Filmography
Film and television
Controversies
At the second Jharkhand International Film Festival, Shahdeo accused an organiser of mismanagement and bribery.
Awards and honors
Jharkhand Gaurav Sammaan(2019)
Birsa Munda Jyoti Samman (2021) for best film director.
References
External links
Akriti Entertainment Pvt. Ltd., Official website
Film directors from Jharkhand
Film producers from Jharkhand
Hindi-language film directors
Living people
People from Lohardaga district
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nagpuria people
The first season of the American television series Supergirl, which is based on the DC Comics character Supergirl / Kara Zor-El, a costumed superhero who is the cousin to Superman and one of the last surviving Kryptonians.
Supergirl was ordered to series in May 2015, and later picked up for a full season in November 2015, with filming taking place primarily in Los Angeles. Melissa Benoist stars in the titular role, and is joined by principal cast members Mehcad Brooks, Chyler Leigh, Jeremy Jordan, David Harewood, and Calista Flockhart.
The series premiere was watched by 12.96 million viewers, tied with NBC's Blindspot as the top-rated series premiere of the 2015–16 fall season. The season, which premiered on CBS on October 26, 2015, and ran until April 18, 2016, over 20 episodes, overall received positive reviews. The series was renewed for a second season on May 12, 2016, and moved to The CW.
Episodes
Cast and characters
Main
Melissa Benoist as Kara Zor-El / Kara Danvers / Supergirl
Mehcad Brooks as James Olsen
Chyler Leigh as Alex Danvers
Jeremy Jordan as Winslow "Winn" Schott, Jr.
David Harewood as J'onn J'onzz / Martian Manhunter and Hank Henshaw
Calista Flockhart as Cat Grant
Recurring
Laura Benanti as Astra In-Ze and Alura Zor-El
Dean Cain as Jeremiah Danvers
Jenna Dewan-Tatum as Lucy Lane
Peter Facinelli as Maxwell Lord
Brit Morgan as Leslie Willis / Livewire
Glenn Morshower as Sam Lane
Italia Ricci as Siobhan Smythe / Silver Banshee
Helen Slater as Eliza Danvers
Chris Vance as Non
Laura Vandervoort as Indigo
Briana Venskus as Vasquez
Guest
The hosts of The Talk, Sara Gilbert, Julie Chen, Sharon Osbourne, Aisha Tyler and Sheryl Underwood, cameo as themselves.
Production
Development
By September 2014, Warner Bros. Television was looking to create a television series centered around Kara Zor-El / Supergirl. Executive producers for the series include Greg Berlanti (also a creator/producer for Arrow and The Flash), Ali Adler, who were both writing the script, and Berlanti Productions' Sarah Schechter. DC Comics' Geoff Johns was also expected to be part of the project. Titles under consideration for the series included Super and Girl. Berlanti confirmed the show shortly after, and stated it was in development and had yet to be pitched to networks. On September 20, it was announced that CBS had landed Supergirl with a series commitment, with an expected premiere in 2015 of the 2015–16 television season.
The show was officially picked up to series on May 6, 2015. On November 30, 2015, CBS ordered an additional seven episodes of Supergirl, for a full season of 20 episodes.
Writing
In January 2015, CBS Entertainment chairperson Nina Tassler revealed the show would be a procedural, saying, "There will be [crime] cases, but what [executive producers] Ali Adler and Greg Berlanti pitched was a real series arc for them The beauty of it is now with shows like The Good Wife and Madam Secretary, you can have serialized story elements woven into a case of the week. She's a crime solver, so she's going to have to solve a crime." In July 2015, Adler spoke on how much influence Superman would have on the show, saying, "Our prototype is the way the president is seen on Veep. It's certainly [inspired by] so much of what Julia Louis-Dreyfus' character goes through. Ultimately, this is a show about Supergirl and we really want to see it through their lens."
Casting
For the role of Kara Zor-El / Supergirl, the producers wanted a Caucasian actor aged between 22 and 26 years. In January 2015, it was announced by The Hollywood Reporter that Melissa Benoist would star as the character. Benoist later revealed that auditioning for the part "was a long, drawn-out, three-month process"; they were the first actor looked at for the role, although Claire Holt and Gemma Atkinson were also considered. In the same month, Mehcad Brooks was cast as James Olsen, based on the character Jimmy Olsen. Unlike the comics, where the same character is portrayed as a Caucasian and goes by "Jimmy", this version is African-American and goes by "James". Brooks described this as a form of "intermixing of races", differing from the 1940s where "white things were white, black things were black. Latino things were Latino". In February, Chyler Leigh was cast as Alex Danvers, an original creation for the series. In the same month, David Harewood and Calista Flockhart were cast as Hank Henshaw and Cat Grant, respectively. It was eventually revealed that Harewood's character was actually J'onn J'onzz / Martian Manhunter impersonating Henshaw. In March, Jeremy Jordan was cast as Winslow "Winn" Schott. The character was written for the series as the son of Winslow Schott / Toyman, unlike the comics where Toyman's son is Anton Schott.
Filming
In February 2015, it was announced that Andrew Kreisberg, co-creator of Arrow and The Flash, had joined the series as a writer and executive producer; and Arrow / The Flash and Smallville alum Glen Winter was announced to be directing the pilot. Principal photography for the pilot took place from March 4 to March 29, 2015. Filming locations included the Warner Bros. lot, where Lois and Clark was shot. Each episode cost approximately $3 million to broadcast, which is one of the highest license fees ever for a first year show. Filming wrapped in March 2016.
Music
The score for the season was composed by Blake Neely.
Release
Broadcast
The season began airing on CBS on October 26, 2015, and ended on April 18, 2016. The season premiered on October 29, 2015, in the United Kingdom on Sky One. The series premiered in Australia on December 6, 2015, on FOX8. In Canada, Supergirl aired in a sim-subbed simulcast on Global with the American broadcast in the season.
Home media
Reception
Ratings
Critical response
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 92% approval rating with an average rating of 7.53/10 based on 71 reviews. The website's consensus reads, "Melissa Benoist shines as Superman's plucky little cousin in Supergirl, a family-friendly comic-book adaptation that ditches cynicism for heart." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 75 out of 100 based on 33 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Max Nicholson of IGN gave the season a score of 7.3 out of 10, along with the verdict, "While Supergirl's first season disappointed in several key areas -- namely its villains and romantic subplots -- Supergirl themselves was spot-on, and the story offered several surprising twists (e.g., Hank Henshaw as J'onn J'onzz). Yes, not all episodes were winners, but when the series flew, it soared, especially in terms of emotional impact." Reviewing the season as a whole, Colin Campbell of Polygon criticized the costumes, fight sequences, the ludicrous villains, the predictable nature of the plot, and felt that the title character was not "Super enough", but noted that "unless your interest is in seeing yet another comic-book franchise transferred reverently to the screen they're of only marginal concern." Evan Valentine of Collider ranked Supergirl eighth in their list of the worst and best superhero television series of 2015 and wrote, "Aside from presenting the best Supergirl we've seen in live action with Melissa Benoist [...] it managed to capture a sense of fun among the cast that was infectious."
Accolades
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="1" | 2015
| Critics' Choice Television Awards
| Most Exciting New Series
| Supergirl
|
|
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="7" | 2016
| People's Choice Awards
| Favorite New TV Drama
| Supergirl
|
|
|-
| Teen Choice Awards
| Breakout Series
| Supergirl
|
|
|-
| rowspan="5" | Saturn Awards
| Best Actress on Television
| Melissa Benoist
|
|
|-
| Best Guest Starring Role on Television
| Laura Benanti
|
|
|-
| Best Superhero Adaptation Television Series
| Supergirl
|
|
|-
| Best Supporting Actress on Television
| Calista Flockhart
|
|
|-
| Breakthrough Performance
| Melissa Benoist
|
|
|}
Notes
References
External links
2015 American television seasons
2016 American television seasons
Supergirl (TV series) seasons
The 2021–22 North Alabama Lions women's basketball team represented University of North Alabama during the 2021–22 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. They were led by head coach Missy Tiber in their ninth season at North Alabama. The Lions played their home games at the Flowers Hall in Florence, Alabama as members of the Atlantic Sun Conference.
This was North Alabama's final of a four-year transition period from Division II to Division I. As a result, the Lions are not eligible for NCAA postseason play but are eligible to participate in the ASUN Tournament.
Previous season
The Lions finished the 2020–21 season 7–18, (6-9) to finish in sixth place in ASUN play. They advanced to the quarter-finals of the conference tournament.
References
North Alabama Lions women's basketball seasons
North Alabama Lions women's basketball
North Alabama Lions women's basketball
The 100 Greatest TV Ads is a British TV entertainment programme that first aired on 29 April 2000 on Channel 4. It is part of the channel's 100 Greatest strand of programmes, and was presented by Graham Norton.
The programme counted down the 100 greatest ever television adverts shown on British television since the launch of commercial broadcasting in 1955. A public poll was conducted on both the Channel 4 website and The Sunday Times newspaper to determine the outcome of the result. In addition to the programme showing the top 100 adverts, it also featured contributions from both special guests and those who worked behind the scenes on the adverts. There were also two feature contributions in the programme, one from Peter Kay looking at some of the most obscure adverts in history, and the other showcased some classic international adverts with Gail Porter.
Top 100
Great Ads of the 21st Century
Since its original broadcast, the programme has been repeated numerous times on both Channel 4 and E4. On its first two reruns - in both 2003 and 2004 - additional inserts were added that showed some adverts that were not part of the original vote in 2000. These were, in order of appearance:
Reebok - Belly's Gonna Get You
John West Foods - Bear Fight (not included in the 2004 re-run)
Adidas - David Beckham & Jonny Wilkinson (only included in the 2004 re-run)
Metz - Judderman
Bacardi Breezer - Tomcat
John Smith's - Diving
Monster.co.uk - Beware Of The Voices (not included in the 2004 re-run)
Lynx Pulse - Make Luv (only included in the 2004 re-run)
Microsoft Xbox - Life Is Short, Play More
See also
100 Greatest (TV series)
References
2000s British television series
British television specials
Channel 4 original programming
English-language television shows
Top television lists
British television-related lists
Channel 4 documentary series
Exhaled breath condensate (EBC) is the exhalate from breath, that has been condensed, typically via cooling using a collection device (commonly to 4 °C or subzero temperatures using a refrigerating device). EBC reflects changes in the respiratory fluid that lines the airways and is an inexpensive, non-invasive tool that has potential for scientific research. Despite its promises, it has not been proven for screening or diagnosing diseases of the lung and other conditions, yet. It has long been appreciated that the exhaled breath is saturated by water vapour (e.g. by wind musical instrument players), but using it for studies of the lung was probably first described in the Russian scientific literature.
Overview
Exhaled breath condensate reflects not only the composition of the airway lining fluid and alveoli. EBC may also mix with salivary and gastric droplets. In addition, volatile gases arising from the alveoli, lower and upper airway wall as well as oral cavity dissolve into the exhaled water vapour and influence its pH. The primary constituents of EBC include:
Aerosolised particles of airway lining fluid collected from the airways induced by airflow, probably by turbulence.
Water vapour condensation produced around the aerosolised particles
Water-soluble volatile gases dissolved into the water vapor condensate
As EBC reflects the composition of the airway lining fluid, it contains most molecules found in the airway, but these are probably diluted by water vapour. Thus, these can range from simple ions, e.g. H+ measured as pH, hydrogen peroxide, proteins, cytokines, eicosanoids, and macromolecules such as mucin, phospholipids and DNA. Dilution is an issue that is a problem with all methods of sampling the airway and lungs including sputum collection and bronchoalveolar lavage. Suggestions to allow for dilution include using a denominator such as protein, urea or conductivity, but no single method is universally accepted at present.
Increasing evidence indicates that in disease states EBC contains molecules reflective of that disease or greater concentrations of particular markers. For example, patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease have been demonstrated to have pepsin (usually localised to the stomach) in their EBC. Patients with COPD and asthma have been demonstrated to have increased levels of reactive oxygen species and histamine after bronchial challenge (Ratnawatti 2008).
The content of exhaled breath condensate, however, is also strongly affected by physiological factors, such as diet, physical exercise and even pregnancy may affect mediator concentrations.
Collection devices
The chemical properties of the collection device will influence the device and its characteristics. Some devices can contaminate the sample, or react with oxidative markers particularly if containing metals
Examples of devices include:
Simple, custom-made. These include glass tubes cooled by ice, Teflon tubing in ice or in dry-ice or water-cooled glass condensers.
Refrigeration systems. These allow the regulation of the collection temperature usually within a pre-set range.
Disposable exhaled breath condensate collector. This device is placed inside a metal sleeve which has been chilled in a freezer. The collection temperature gradually increases as it is used at room temperature. After use the disposable condensation tube inside is then removed from the external metal sleeve and the sleeve is returned to the freezer. Condensate is extracted from the walls of the condensation tube using a plunger and swept into a fluid pool for analysis.
Potential applications
EBC has potential uses in combination with exhaled breath analysis. There is significant interest in exhaled nitric oxide analysis in conjunction with EBC analysis but in addition, the analysis of the breath has many applications. Well known examples include and estimation of the breath alcohol level, but others included non-invasive measurements to estimate blood glucose, and well as using it for diagnosing other systemic and local lung diseases, such as lung cancer.
Footnotes
Breath tests
Mount Riley () is a mountain, 2,100 m, standing along the northeast side of Long Valley, just west of California Plateau, in the Queen Maud Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for LTJG Stephen G. Riley, photographic officer with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 on Operation Deep Freeze 1966 and 1967.
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Batrachedra monophthalma is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found on Rapa Island.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Lammas Green is a Grade II listed housing estate in Lewisham, South London.
Designed by notable architect Donald McMorran of Farquharson and McMorran., the estate comprises three rows of terraces, two blocks of flats and a community hall set around a village green. The estate was built between 1955-57 for the Corporation of the City of London.
Architectural style
The estate is built from traditional materials to create a village-like feel that, at the time, was considered unique for inner London.
According to a council statement in 2010, the City of London Corporation built Lammas Green as a 'conscious return to the Kent vernacular, with colour-washed walls, pantile roofs and stout brick chimneys - perhaps out of step with the prevailing trends in architecture'.
The estate reflected a traditionalist approach by maintaining older values of proportion and style but was unique in that these values were applied to a public estate. Typically, McMorran differed from similar traditionalist architects at the time for their willingness to tackle progressive projects of this type. Lammas Green is considered the finest example of the four public housing schemes McMorran built.
At 57 dwellings per acre, the estate's low density was intended 'so as to establish conditions under which a community with its own continuity and life might be able to flourish'.
Influence
The partnership forged between McMorran and their client the City of London while building Lammas Green was thought to have been a successful one, so much so that it would have a profound effect on the City of London and the way they tackled similar large-scale social housing projects in the mid-twentieth century.
References
Architecture of London
The National Association of Primary Care is a membership association for Primary care professionals in the National Health Service and is the primary care provider network of the NHS Confederation.
Dr Nav Chana is the chair of the association. It has offices in London.
Until 1998 it was called the National Association of Commissioning GPs and many of its members were involved with GP Fundholding.
It is involved in the development of plans associated with the Five Year Forward View for bringing GP practices together across populations of up to 50,000 patients in what it calls the 'primary care home'. This is similar to the multispecialty community provider model, but on a smaller scale. This has been implemented in 15 pilot sites during 2016, covering around 500,000 patients. Occupational therapists, mental health therapists, clinical pharmacists and other clinical professionals are given a more prominent role in these organisations. The Nuffield Trust produced a preliminary report on it in August 2017, which was quite positive, but found would need time, money and strong working relationships across the NHS and social care to be effective.
Simon Stevens addressed a meeting of the association in October 2016 to explain plans for capital investment in 300 GP practices using the £900 million Estates and Technology Transformation Fund between 2016 and 2021.
References
External links
Official website
Primary care
Health care industry trade groups based in the United Kingdom
Achromadoridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Chromadorida.
Genera:
Achromadora Cobb, 1913
Paradoxolaimus Kreis, 1924
Kreisonema Khera, 1969
References
Nematodes
314 Action is a nonprofit political action committee that seeks to elect scientists in the United States.
Mission
The mission of 314 Action is to connect people with backgrounds in science, technology, engineering, and math to the skills and funding needed for a successful political campaign.
The group is characterized as a liberal and Democratic-leaning group since 314 Action uses ActBlue as its payment processing platform and mostly targets Republican-held federal and state positions in its campaigns.
Founding
The organization was founded in 2016 by researcher Shaughnessy Naughton. Naughton is a business owner and a chemist who ran for Congress in Pennsylvania in 2014.
Name
The group gets its name from pi (π), a mathematical constant approximately equal to 3.14.
References
Sources
"As a Response to Trump, This Group Is Drafting Scientists to Run for Office". Motherboard. January 10, 2017. Retrieved February 23, 2017.
Mukherjee, Sy (January 25, 2017). "Scientists Gear Up to Run for Office In a World of 'Alternate Facts'". Fortune. January 25, 2017. Retrieved February 23, 2017.
Amy Harmon and Henry Fountain "In Age of Trump, Scientists Show Signs of a Political Pulse". New York Times. February 6, 2017.
Ed Yong February 28, 2018 "Here's How The Scientists Running for Office Are Doing". The Atlantic. February 28, 2018.
Maggie Astor January 13, 2019"An Ocean Engineer and a Nuclear Physicist Walk Into Congress …. ". New York Times. January 13, 2019.
Emma Goldberg May 9, 2020 "Nightly Applause Is Nice, but Some Doctors Think Votes Would Be Nicer". New York Times. May 9, 2020.
Joseph Marks May 20, 2019 "The Cybersecurity 202: These political candidates are running on their cybersecurity expertise". The Washington Post. May 20, 2019.
External links
United States political action committees
Science advocacy organizations
The 2022 Cazoo Players Championship Finals will be the fourteenth edition of the PDC darts tournament, which will see the top 64 players from the 2022 PDC Players Championship series taking part. The tournament will take place from 25 to 27 November 2022 at the Butlin's Resort, Minehead.
is the defending champion, after defeating 11–10 in the 2021 final.
Prize money
The 2022 Players Championship Finals have a prize fund of £600,000, up from £500,000. It is not yet known how it will be broken down.
The following is the breakdown of the fund:
Qualification
The top 64 players from the Players Championships Order of Merit qualify, which is solely based on prize money won in the Players Championship events during the season.
After 24 of the 30 Players Championship events, the following players are set to qualify:
Top 64 in the Players Championship Order of Merit
Draw
There was no draw held, all players were put in a fixed bracket by their seeding positions.
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
Players Championship Finals
Players
Players
Players
Shoghlabad or Shaghlabad () may refer to:
Shoghlabad, Kerman
Shoghlabad, Razavi Khorasan
Shangani Patrol is the soundtrack to the 1970 film Shangani Patrol. It was released in 1970 and was performed by the RPM Studio Orchestra, composed and conducted by Mike Hankinson, and recorded in RPM Studios Johannesburg, South Africa, by Geoff Tucker. Conducted by the composer Michael Hankinson with a session orchestra. A notable member of this group of musicians was trumpeter Eddie Calvert - also known in England as "The man with the golden horn". Part of the proceeds from the sale of this album were donated to Brandwag Fund/Fond comforts for border troops. The film was based on the true story of the Shangani Patrol.
Track listing
"Overture" - 2:00
"Title Music" (Shangani Patrol theme music) by Dan Hill and Mike Hankinson - 3:28
"Matopos" - 0:42
"Boarder Battle" - 1:20
"Poem" - 1:13
"Leaving Fort Victoria" - 1:09
"Ringing Rocks" - 1:38
"Under Attack" - 2:28
"Jameson's Arrival" - 0:54
"Diary" - 2:00
"Stampede" - 1:51
"Ambush and Escape" - 2:13
"Call for Reinforcements" - 2:00
"Night Watch" - 1:20
"Royal Spear (Matabele Chant)" - 1:30
"Last Stand" - 2:00
"To Brave Men" - 0:57
References
Shangani Patrol Album jacket
War film soundtracks
1970 soundtrack albums
Charity albums
RPM Records (United Kingdom) soundtracks
The establishing charter of the abbey of Tihany is a document known for including the oldest written words in the Hungarian language. The document, dated to 1055, lists the lands the king donated to the newly founded Tihany Abbey. It is mostly in Latin, but contains several Hungarian words and expressions, the longest of which is feheruuaru rea meneh hodu utu rea (in modern Hungarian: Fehérvárra menő hadi útra, 'onto the military road leading to Fehérvár').
Background
The Benedictine abbey of Tihany was founded by King Andrew I and was dedicated to the Virgin Mary and Aignan of Orleans. The establishing charter is likely to have been composed by Bishop Nicholas. The Benedictine monks were settled in Tihany by King Andrew, who had a church and a monastery built for them on the hill of the Tihany peninsula near Lake Balaton. The charter, written on vellum, is today in the Benedictine abbey of Pannonhalma.
The road mentioned must have been a military road from Roman times, still used in medieval times. It was the most important road from Fehérvár to the south. Fehérvár – today Székesfehérvár – was one of the most important cities of medieval Hungary.
Content
The Hungarian words in the text reflect 11th century Hungarian language. Not only proper nouns, but common nouns and expressions are included. The longest of these, & feheruuaru rea meneh hodu utu rea clearly shows a language stage in which the -ra suffix (-re after front vowels) has not yet evolved into a suffix from a postposition, and in which the final vowels are still preserved (compare 'Feheruuaru' with modern 'Fehérvár' and 'utu' with modern 'út' – don't pay attention to the diacritics as in 1055 Hungarian spelling was not yet developed to show the a/á and u/ú difference, although they must have existed in pronunciation). In total, the document includes 58 Hungarian words, among them Tichon, an early spelling of the name Tihany.
See also
Funeral Sermon and Prayer, the oldest existing text written completely in Hungarian
Lamentations of Mary, the oldest existing poem in Hungarian
Footnotes
References
PDF copy of the document
Mons Sacer 996-1996. Pannonhalma ezer éve. Szerkesztő: Takács Imre. Pannonhalma, 1996
Browsing by Citation "Tanulmányok a 950 éves Tihanyi alapítólevél tiszteletére / Szerkesztő: Érszegi Géza. - Tihany, Tihanyi Bencés Apátság, 2007
Géza Bárczi: A tihanyi apátság alapítólevele mint nyelvi emlék. Budapest, 1951.
Erzsébet Zelliger: A Tihanyi Alapítólevél. Bencés kiadó
István Hoffmann: A Tihanyi alapítólevél három szórványáról: Huluoodi, Turku, Ursa
Medieval charters and cartularies
11th century in Hungary
1050s works
Hungarian language
Hungarian literature
Earliest known manuscripts by language
Anne Spencer (1882–1975), was an American poet.
Anne Spencer may also refer to:
Anne Spencer, Countess of Sunderland (1683–1716)
Anne Spencer, Countess of Sunderland (died 1715) (c. 1646–1715)
Anne Spencer (WRNS officer) (1938–2012), Director of the Women's Royal Naval Service
See also
Anne Spencer House, formerly belonged to the poet
Anna Garlin Spencer (1851–1931), American educator, feminist, and Unitarian minister
Nuhlar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 91 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Breidjing Camp () is a refugee camp in Chad created in May 2004 for Sudanese refugees from Darfur.
Refugee camps in Africa
Refugees of the War in Darfur
2004 establishments in Chad
Populated places in Chad
Medical observation is a medical service aimed at continued care of selected patients, usually for a period of 6 to 24 (sometimes more) hours, to determine their need for inpatient admission. This service is usually provided in emergency departments.
A patient held for observation is not admitted to the hospital, though there are certain similarities: patients will be checked in, pertinent information from the patient or their representative can be taken, and nurse(s) and doctor(s) from the given department may visit and a physical exam and personal and family history, and basic blood and imaging tests be conducted, and a bracelet for the observation period be given to the patient. However, they are not admitted formally to the hospital as an inpatient. They may be assigned a bed on the hospital's patient floors outside of the ER or the department they arrived in, or in a dedicated observation unit.
An EmPATH unit is a specialized type of hospital-based outpatient medical observation unit dedicated to mental health emergencies.
In the United States, some Medicare patients have spent several days as an outpatient in the hospital, but never officially being an inpatient in the hospital, which results in unexpected bills and makes them ineligible for Medicare payment for some future necessary services, especially skilled nursing care.
See also
Hospital bed
Inpatient care
References
Emergency medical services
Marcus Mårtensson (born 23 April 1990) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Stafsinge IF on loan from Falkenbergs FF as a midfielder.
References
External links
(archive)
1990 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Kalmar FF players
Cambodian League 2, formerly the Cambodian Second League, is the second tier professional football league in Cambodia managed by the Cambodian Football League Company (CFLC). It was first started in 2016 by the Football Federation of Cambodia. The winners from each of the 6 regions of the third level, the Regional League (North, South, East, West, Middle, and Phnom Penh), and from the Hun Sen Cup are qualified to play in the Cambodian League 2. Winner of the Cambodian League 2 will be promoted to the top division Cambodian Premier League the following season.
2022 season and clubs
Championship history
2016–2021 Cambodian Second League
2022–present Cambodian League 2
Championships by club
References
Football competitions in Cambodia
People's Action is a national progressive advocacy and political organization in the United States made up of 40 organizations in 30 states. The group's stated goal is to "build the power of poor and working people, in rural, suburban, and urban areas to win change through issue campaigns and elections."
People's Action and the associated tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization, People's Action Institute, were established in 2016 through a merger of three national networks of community organizing groups, National People's Action, the Alliance for a Just Society and USAction, as well as of organizations like the Campaign for America's Future and the Center for Health, Environment and Justice.
National People's Action
National People's Action was a federation of 29 grassroots organizations in 18 states working together for racial and economic justice. Headquartered in Chicago, the organization was founded in 1972 by Austin neighborhood activist Gale Cincotta and professional organizer Shel Trapp.
History
Founded in 1972 by Cincotta and Trapp, the organization pushed for federal housing legislation including the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, and the National Affordable Housing Act of 1990. For many years, Cincotta and Trapp offered training to the group's affiliates through their National Training and Information Center. The organization continued after the retirement of Trapp and the death of Cincotta in 2001, but refocused its efforts on organizing, issue campaigning, and direct action, de-emphasizing the training programs once offered through NTIC.
George Goehl has been the executive director since 2008.
Program
The organization conducted a series of "Showdown" events starting in October 2009. The events, dubbed "Showdown In America", "called for the end of corporate lobbying and too-big-to-fail financial institutions".
According to the group, it existed as a network to create a society in which "racial and economic justice are realized in all aspects of society, resulting in more equity in work, housing, health, education, finance, and other systems central to people's well-being". The organization pushed for stricter regulations on lending and financial institutions, including increased taxes.
The organization has been part of the Democracy Initiative, a coalition including labor unions and environmentalist groups working to reverse what they saw as the takeover of American democracy by individual billionaires in collaboration with right-wing politicians.
In August 2018, People's Action sponsored 50 community cookouts across the country to emphasize the value of families.
Criticism
The organization was notable for aggressive tactics, especially protests against the residences of their opponents. Nina Easton of Fortune magazine wrote in their column about one such protest, at the home of their neighbor, a lawyer for Bank of America. In association with the Service Employees International Union, demonstrators trespassed on the executive's property, protesting while only their son was home, Easton said. Easton characterized the demonstration as "the politics of personal intimidation".
References
Further reading
Rachel G. Bratt, Michael E. Stone, Chester W. Hartman, A Right to Housing: Foundation for a New Social Agenda (Temple University Press, 2006).
Frances Moore Lappé, Democracy's Edge: Choosing to Save Our Country by Bringing Democracy to Life (John Wiley and Sons, 2005).
Jacqueline Mondros, Organizing for Power and Empowerment (Columbia University Press, 1994).
Kristina Smock, Democracy in Action: Community Organizing and Urban Change (Columbia University Press, 2003).
David Walls, Community Organizing: Fanning the Flame of Democracy (Polity Press, 2015), pp. 102–104.
Michael Westgate, Gale Force: Gale Cincotta, The Battles for Disclosure and Community Reinvestment (Harvard Bookstore, Cambridge, 2011).
External links
OurFuture.org by People's Action
Non-profit organizations based in Chicago
Community organizations
Political advocacy groups in the United States
501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations
Progressive organizations in the United States
Tatyana Titova may refer to:
Tatyana Titova (runner) (born 1965), Russian long-distance runner
Tatyana Titova (synchronised swimmer) (born 1967), Russian synchronised swimmer
The 1998 Havering London Borough Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council stayed in no overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1998
1998 London Borough council elections
The United States Second Fleet is a numbered fleet in the United States Navy responsible for the East Coast and North Atlantic Ocean. The Fleet was established following World War II. In September 2011, Second Fleet was deactivated in view of the United States Government's perception that the potential military threat posed by Russia had diminished. On 4 May 2018, Admiral John M. Richardson, the Chief of Naval Operations, announced plans to reestablish Second Fleet amid heightened tensions between NATO and Russia. It was reestablished on 24 August 2018, with Vice Admiral Andrew "Woody" Lewis in command.
Second Fleet's historic area of responsibility included approximately of the Atlantic Ocean from the North Pole to the Caribbean and from the shores of the United States to the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Second Fleet's United States West Coast counterpart was United States First Fleet from the immediate post-World War II years until 1973, and United States Third Fleet from 1973.
Prior to its 2011 disestablishment, Second Fleet oversaw approximately 126 ships, 4,500 aircraft, and 90,000 personnel home-ported at U.S. Navy installations along the United States East Coast.
Mission
As of 2008, the Commander, Second Fleet (COMSECONDFLT), under the Commander, U.S. Fleet Forces Command (CUSFFC), was also designated as Commander, Task Force 20. CTF-20 planned for, and when directed, conducted battle force operations in the Atlantic command in support of designated unified or allied commanders. CTF-20 directed movements and exercised operational control of USFFC assigned units to carry out scheduled ocean transits and other special operations as directed, in order to maximize fleet operational readiness to respond to contingencies in the Atlantic command area of operations.
In order to command and control its forces, CTF-20 maintained a Joint Maritime Operations Center at its Maritime Headquarters, which was officially said to offer a new approach to command and control for fleet commanders.
Until 2005, COMSECONDFLT had a permanent assignment with NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Atlantic's (SACLANT) chain of command, as the Commander Striking Fleet Atlantic (COMSTRIKFLTLANT). COMSTRIKFLTLANT commanded a multinational force whose primary mission was to deter aggression and to protect NATO's Atlantic interests. Striking Fleet Atlantic was tasked with ensuring the integrity of NATO's sea lines of communication. STRIKFLTLANT was deactivated in a ceremony to be held on on 24 June 2005, being replaced by the Combined Joint Operations from the Sea Center of Excellence located at the Second Fleet headquarters.
Training
During its existence, Second Fleet was responsible for training and certifying Atlantic Fleet units for forward deployment to other numbered fleets, primarily U.S. Fourth Fleet, U.S. Fifth Fleet, and U.S. Sixth Fleet. Second Fleet's main training and certification venues were the Composite Unit Training Exercise (COMTUEX) and Joint Task Force Exercise (JTFEX), conducted off the eastern U.S. coast from Virginia to Florida. These exercises serve as a ready-for-deployment certification events for Carrier Strike Groups, Amphibious ready groups, as well as independently deploying units.
Joint Task Force 120
In times of crisis and during certain exercises, Second Fleet became the Commander, Joint Task Force 120. This joint task force consists of elements of the Atlantic Fleet, U.S. Army quick reaction airborne and air assault units, U.S. Air Force aircraft and support personnel, U.S. Marine Corps amphibious forces, and at times, designated units of the United States Coast Guard. When activated, Joint Task Force 120 was tasked to execute a variety of contingency missions.
Subordinate Task Forces
Commander Second Fleet oversaw several subordinate task forces, which were activated as needed.
Additionally, Commander, Second Fleet was the immediate superior to a number of Carrier Strike Groups, Expeditionary Strike Group 2, Commander Strike Force Training Atlantic, as well as the Standing Navy Command Element (COMSTANDNAV CE), a deployable command element that has served multiple rotations as the headquarters of Combined Joint Task Force-Horn of Africa.
In October 1996 COMSECONDFLT created Task Force 28, consisting of independent deployers operating in both the Caribbean Sea and Eastern Pacific. Commander, Western Hemisphere Group was assigned as Commander Task Force 28 (CTF 28). This arrangement assigned COMWESTHEMGRU the operational control (OPCON) of these Second Fleet destroyers.
History
The U.S. Second Fleet traces its origin to the reorganization of the Navy following World War II in December 1945 and the formation of the United States Eighth Fleet under the command of Vice Admiral Marc A. Mitscher. In January 1947, Eighth Fleet was renamed Second Task Fleet. Three years later, in February 1950, the command was redesignated U.S. Second Fleet. Second Fleet's area of responsibility included the Atlantic coast of South America and part of the west coast of Central America.
Cuban Quarantine
In October 1962, President John F. Kennedy called on Second Fleet to establish quarantine during the Cuban Missile Crisis. For more than a month, Second Fleet units operated northeast of the island, intercepting and inspecting dozens of ships for contraband.
The operational control of the quarantine force was assigned to the Commander of the Second Fleet, Vice Admiral Alfred G. Ward, who organized Task Force 136 for this purpose. Task Force 136 included the support carrier USS Essex. Effective deployment constituted a mammoth task to be accomplished in minimum time. To prevent future difficulties, plans had to be developed, ship captains briefed, supply ships dispatched, and thousands of details checked. Other Navy and Marine forces faced similar tough schedules. Marines, if not already engaged in landing exercises, were loaded on amphibious ships and ordered to sea. At the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, dependents were evacuated to the United States on 22 October, and Marine units were shipped by air and sea to reinforce the base. Task Force 135, including the carrier , was sent to the south of Cuba, ready to join in the defense of the Guantanamo Bay base if needed. The carrier and the supporting ships of Carrier Division Six stood by to provide additional support. Antisubmarine forces were redeployed to cover the quarantine operations. An intensive air surveillance of the Atlantic was initiated, keeping track of the 2,000 commercial ships usually in the area; regular and reserve Navy aircraft were joined in this search by SAC bombers.
Major exercises the fleet participated in during the Cold War included Exercise Mariner, Operation Strikeback in 1957, the maritime component of Exercise Reforger, and Northern Wedding.
From 9 to 12 February 1978, Task Group 21.6 ( and USS Spruance) visited Monrovia in Liberia.
Urgent Fury
In 1983, President Ronald Reagan ordered the Second Fleet to the Caribbean to lead the invasion of Grenada during Operation Urgent Fury. Leading joint forces, Vice Admiral Joseph Metcalf, III, COMSECONDFLT, became Commander, Joint Task Force 120 (CJTF 120), and commanded units from the Air Force, Army, Navy, and the Marine Corps.
The amphibious force for the operation was made up of Amphibious Squadron 4 (the amphibious assault ship , the amphibious transport dock , the dock landing ship , and
the tank landing ships and ) and the 22nd Marine Amphibious Unit, built around 2nd Battalion, 8th Marines. Vice Admiral Metcalf assigned to the amphibious force, designated Task Force 124, the mission of seizing the Pearls Airport and the port of Grenville, and of neutralizing any opposing forces in the area. Simultaneously, Army Rangers (Task Force 121)— together with elements of the 82d Airborne Division (Task Force 123)— would secure points at the southern end of the island, including the nearly completed jet airfield under construction near Point Salines. Task Group 20.5, a carrier battle group build around Independence and Air Force elements would support the ground forces.
Desert Shield/Desert Storm
Before the Persian Gulf War's Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm, Second Fleet trained more than half of the Navy ships deployed to Southwest Asia.
Twenty-first century
On 22 February 2005/24 June 2005, with the establishment of Allied Command Transformation, and in the total absence of the Soviet threat that had prompted its creation, the Striking Fleet Atlantic nucleus was disbanded. It was replaced in 2006 by the Combined Joint Operations from the Sea Center of Excellence.
On 1 July 2008, the Navy re-established the United States Fourth Fleet, based at Naval Station Mayport in Jacksonville, Florida, which then assumed responsibility for U.S. Navy ships, aircraft and submarines operating in the Caribbean Sea and the waters of Central and South America.
In the aftermath of the 2010 Haiti earthquake, Second Fleet dispatched 17 ships, 48 helicopters, 12 fixed-wing aircraft and over 10,000 Sailors and Marines in support of Humanitarian Assistance/Disaster Response. Second Fleet units conducted 336 air deliveries, delivered 32,400 US gallons (123,000 L; 27,000 imp gal) of water, 111,082 meals and 9,000 lb (4,100 kg) of medical supplies. Hospital ship , as well as survey vessels, ferries, elements of the Maritime Prepositioning ship and underway replenishment fleets, and a further three amphibious operations ships also participated.
During the evacuation of Hurricane Irene in August 2011, the fleet evacuated to the safety of the open ocean.
Disestablishment
On 21 August 2010, it was reported that Secretary Robert Gates was considering disestablishing Second Fleet.
On 6 January 2011, it was reported via a DoD news article that the Navy would disestablish Second Fleet in order to "use those savings and more to fund additional ships". The fleet was officially dissolved in a ceremony at Norfolk on 30 September 2011.
Second Fleet's responsibilities and its additional title of Commander, Task Force 20, were transferred to the re-organized United States Fleet Forces Command, as was the post of CJOS COE.
Reestablishment
On 4 May 2018, Defense News reported that Admiral Chris Grady announced the reestablishment of the Second Fleet. Pentagon spokesperson Johnny Michael remarked that "NATO is refocusing on the Atlantic in recognition of the great power competition prompted by a resurgent Russia," citing that as the reason for the reestablishment of the fleet.
Second Fleet was scheduled to resume operations officially on 1 July 2018, initially with a staff of 15 personnel (11 officers and four enlisted personnel), although plans call for its work force to expand to 256 (85 officers, 164 enlisted personnel, and seven civilians). It will exercise operational and administrative authorities over assigned ships, aircraft, and landing forces on the United States East Coast and in the northern Atlantic Ocean, as well as plan and conduct maritime, joint, and combined operations and train, certify and provide maritime forces to respond to global contingencies. Commander, Second Fleet will report to United States Fleet Forces Command. Vice Admiral Andrew L. Lewis was confirmed on 18 June 2018 as Commander, U.S. 2nd Fleet. Second Fleet was reactivated in Norfolk on 1 July 2018 and received formal establishment on 24 August 2018. Commander Second Fleet will be dual-hatted as the Commander for Joint Force Command for the Atlantic that will report to the Supreme Allied Commander Europe. This Joint Forces Command is formally known as Joint Force Command Norfolk.
Rear Adm. Doug Perry, director of joint and fleet operations at Fleet Forces Command, was quoted in early November 2018 that the fleet was reformed because '..the Navy needed a commander to direct sustained combat operations in the Atlantic'. Perry made clear that the standup sends the message that "we understand we are in a battle for the Atlantic, and we will contest it." Defense News reported that 2nd Fleet was fully operational on 31 December 2019.
During Exercise Steadfast Defender '21, Canadian Rear Admiral Steve Waddell, vice commander, Second Fleet, served as commander of C2F's forward-deployed Task Force 20.
On May 26, 2021, the U.S. Navy announced that Rear Admiral (lower half) Brian L. Davies would be assigned additional duties as deputy commander, Second Fleet, Norfolk, Virginia. They were to retain all currently assigned duties as Commander, Submarine Group 2, Norfolk, Virginia.
References
External links
Official website of the Second Fleet
U.S. 2nd Fleet Contributing to Global Operations – Office of Information – U.S. Navy (11 May 2010)
2
Military units and formations established in 1950
Military units and formations disestablished in 2011
Military units and formations established in 2018
Displaced aggression, also referred to as redirected aggression, occurs when an animal or human is fearful or agitated by external stimuli, a provocation, or perception, but is unable or unwilling to direct their aggression toward the stimulus. The aggressor may direct aggression toward whoever is nearest. The behavior is more common in cats than it is in dogs. In certain species of monkeys anger is redirected toward a relative or friend of an opponent. In cichlid fish, it may be used to manage conflict within the group. Displaced aggression is experienced by humans and animals.
Cats
Redirected aggression is a common form of aggression which can occur in multiple cat households. Usually there is some stimulus that agitates: this could be a sight, sound, or another source of stimuli which causes a heightened level of anxiety or arousal. If the cat cannot attack the stimulus, it may direct anger elsewhere by attacking or directing aggression to the nearest cat, dog, human or other being. Redirected aggression is more common in cats than it is in dogs.
Dogs
Aggressive behavior in dogs is often rooted in fear. It is thought that a dog may go into a state of self-protection when it feels threatened. Some dogs may also become overstimulated or feel frustrated when they cannot get to the stimuli, which causes anxiety or fear. The dog may divert their anger toward their owner in what is referred to as a redirected bite.
In some cases, dogs may be frustrated by being unable to go after prey, and they turn on the owner in what is redirected aggression. One woman, Bethany Lynn Stephens, was killed by their own two dogs; the incident has been referred to as a possible case of dogs redirecting aggression.
Elephants
Some solitary adolescent male elephants (10 to 15 years old) were observed bashing vegetation or charging other non-threatening animals in what is thought to be a form of redirected aggression.
Monkeys
The behavior has also been observed in monkeys of the rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) and vervet and yellow baboon (Papio cynocephalus) species. In the case of the rhesus macaques, and vervets, the redirected anger is not toward a random monkey, it is toward a relative of the monkey's opponent. In yellow baboons the redirected anger was toward the rival baboon's friends. Yellow baboons are known to form long term friendships.
Cichlid fish
The behavior has been observed in cichlid fish Julidochromis regani, which is considered a social fish living in groups. Observing the fish, researchers noted that after an attack the target fish redirected aggression toward a third party fish, diverting the aggressor's attention toward the third party. This behavior was observed in the females of the species. The researchers also noted that the redirected aggression did not delay aggression from the original aggressor. Their conclusion was that redirected aggression is used to manage conflict in social fish.
People
Displaced aggression is not only experienced by animals; it is also experienced by humans. It may also take the form of scapegoating. Much like redirected aggression in animals a target of aggression or provocation directs their anger at a third party. Usually this is because it is either not possible or perhaps unwise to return or direct aggression to the original source of provocation. In example, a victim attacks an uninvolved third party who had little to do with the victimization. Often the target of redirected aggression is a weaker or smaller person.
Displaced aggression can take the form of domestic violence. In the United States, ten million people per year—one in three women and one in ten men 18 years of age or older—experience domestic violence.
Road rage is another example of displaced aggression; the American Psychological Association states that factors such as crowded roads can boost anger behind the wheel causing displaced anger. Traffic on the roads can cause people to take their aggression out on uninvolved drivers. Year over year there is a seven percent increase on reported cases of road rage in the United States. Frustrated or impatient drivers operate recklessly by speeding and cutting off drivers.
In the case of human groups or communities the aggression may be directed at a local minority population. This behavior has been observed in redirected aggression toward immigrants in the form of xenophobia. The term scapegoating is occasionally used to describe this phenomenon.
Strategies
The agitated animal must be avoided until it is no longer angry. Humans should avoid getting involved by interfering in fights or using physical punishment as a corrective tool. The person may be considered the threat in those scenarios. The animal's access to whatever the stimulus was should be restricted.
See also
Kick the cat
References
Redirected aggression
Problem behavior
Dispute resolution
Symptoms and signs of mental disorders
Violence
The Philippine Basketball League awards a championship trophy (or cup) to the winning team at the end of each tournament.
Champions by season
Champions by franchise
Notes:
The original Magnolia franchise disbanded after the 1995-96 season. The second incarnation of Magnolia thru Viva Mineral Water, which joined the league in 2003, won two championships under coach Koy Banal. Their title victory in 2004 was referred as "first".
For some reason, the Otto Shoes ballclub's roots was traced to Sta.Lucia, but the Realtors was considered a different team from the ESQ Merchants, whom they completely took over at the start of the 1987 PABL season.
Ateneo-Hapee's title victory was not counted to that of Hapee Toothpaste' three championships.
Most Valuable Players
No MVP was awarded during this conference only a Finals MVP for this conference. League started to name season MVP in the 2007-08 season. In 2008-09 season, the league handed out awards for the Best Player of the Conference, similar to the Philippine Basketball Association.
Season Most Valuable Players
Best Player of the Conference
Finals Most Valuable Players
Champions by coach
PABL / PBL coaches with one championship:
Ron Jacobs (De La Salle)
Loreto Carbonell (Arellano University)
Nemie Villegas (Bank of Rizal)
Chuck Barreiro (ESQ)
Carlos Badion (Army)
Alfredo Enriquez (Lhuillier)
Arturo Valenzona (Swift)
Fortunato Co, Jr (Crispa)
Bogs Adornado (Crispa)
Orly Castelo (Nikon)
Perry Ronquillo (Burger Machine)
Willie Generalao (Casino)
Jimmy Mariano (Agfa)
Leo Isaac (Dr. J)
Joel Banal (Ateneo-Hapee-Nenaco)
Robert Sison (Montaña)
Caloy Garcia (Welcoat)
Glenn Capacio (Oracle)
Ato Agustin (Excel Roof)
References
External links
Gameface.ph: PBL/PABL Champions past & present
Philippine Basketball League
Oscilloquartz, a company of ADVA Optical Networking, is a manufacturer of frequency sources, such as GPS& GLONASS receivers or caesium clocks for telecommunications applications and has been producing similar products for about 60 years. It also providers synchronization solutions for turnkey synchronization projects in e.g. PDH, SDH, SONET and all kind of mobile telecom networks e.g. GSM, X-CDMA, TETRA, 2.xG, 3G, 4G, UMTS, WiMAX.
It also offers a wide range of technology, including its proprietary SyncView management software and including, as SyncView agents or embedded solutions, Q3, SNMP, TL1 interfaces.
It also manufactures a range of products including single oven and double oven oscillators, targeted at the synchronisation of mobile base stations and other telecommunication equipment.
The company headquarters is in Saint-Blaise, Switzerland.
History
Oscilloquartz began its operations as a department of Ebauches SA in 1949, during the pioneering days of time and frequency measurement.
In 1950, Oscilloquartz equipped the Observatory of Neuchâtel where the first quartz clocks were installed. Further quartz clocks were delivered to the Observatory of Paris in 1955.
In 1958, Oscilloquartz began their activity in atomic frequency standards. An ammoniac maser designed by the LSRH, was built and shown at the Universal Exhibition of Brussels. Subsequently a hydrogen maser was developed and, until 1988, nine units were manufactured and delivered to several observatories and institutes worldwide.
In 1962, it developed of a complete redundant frequency generating system for Swisscom (formerly named Swiss PTT) of which more than 50 were delivered in the 1960s and 1970s.
In 1964, it focussed on the field of caesium frequency standards and in 1966 delivered its first commercial atomic clock to the ESRO, the predecessor of the European Space Agency (ESA).
In 1967, The Swiss atomic clock "OSCILLATOM" was shown at Expo 67, Montreal. During that same year, transport and transfer of precise time was carried out in the United States, Canada, Far East and South America.
In 1971, Oscilloquartz SA was officially registered as a corporation.
In 1978, Swisscom (formerly Swiss PTT) commissioned Oscilloquartz to supply a new generation of plesiochronous and synchronous equipment for hierarchy levels I and II of their digital communications network. Over thirty similar synchronization systems were subsequently installed worldwide.
In 1988, In a joint venture with SERCEL, France, Oscilloquartz developed the new European Digital Caesium Standard, EUDICS, with fully digital control loops and remote capabilities via RS-232 interface.
In 2014, ADVA Optical Networking acquired Oscilloquartz SA from the Swatch Group.
References
Manufacturing companies of Switzerland
One of the many Bismarck towers built in the former German Empire (Kaiserreich) is located in Szczecin (Gocław), now in north-western Poland (known as Stettin in German).
History
Its construction began relatively late, in 1913, and it was only finished in 1921. The total construction cost of the -tall tower was approximately 200,000 German Papiermarks.
The tower is located on top of a small hill and is surrounded by a small wood, although the surrounding area is now generally industrial. It is approximately from the city centre, close to a tram terminus.
Although one can visit the tower, the main entryway is fully sealed off, as are all windows, making entry impossible. It is also in need of restoration.
See also
Szczecin-Gocław
External links
Bismarck towers on the official website
Bismarck towers on Wikipedia Germany
Towers completed in 1921
Monuments and memorials in Poland
Prussian cultural sites
Bismarck towers
Buildings and structures in Szczecin
Round towers
1921 establishments in Poland
Electronics technicians help design, develop, test, manufacture, install, and repair electrical and electronic equipment such as communication equipment, medical monitoring devices, navigational equipment, and computers. They may be employed in product evaluation and testing, using measuring and diagnostic devices to adjust, test, and repair equipment. Electronics technicians may also work as sales workers or field representatives for manufacturers, wholesalers, or retailers giving advice on the installation, operation, and maintenance of complex equipment and may write specifications and technical manuals. Electronics technicians represent over 33% of all engineering technicians in the U.S. In 2009, there were over 160,000 electronics technicians employed in the U.S. Electronics technicians are accredited by organizations such as the Electronics Technicians Association (ETA), or International Society of Certified Electronics Technicians (ISCET).
Education and training
Most employers prefer to hire electronics technicians with an associate degree or other post-secondary training in engineering technology. Training is available at technical institutes, at community colleges, at extension divisions of colleges and universities, at public and private vocational-technical schools, and in the Armed Forces. Naval electronics technicians are the largest group of engineering technicians in the military (see Electronics Technician (US Navy)). Many 2-year associate degree programs accredited by the Technology Accreditation Commission of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) include at least college algebra and trigonometry and one or two basic science courses. Depending on the specialty, more math or science may be required. About 200 ABET-accredited programs are offered in engineering technology specialities. ABET-accredited electronics technician programs usually require at least two mathematics courses and two physics courses in addition to the core competencies.
Electronics technician curriculum generally consists of courses in basic electricity and electronics, including Ohm's Law, Parallel and Series Circuits, Magnetism, AC/DC Circuits, Capacitance, Inductance, Transformers, Resonance, Filters, Semiconductors, Transistors, Amplifiers, Integrated Circuits and Digital electronics. In addition to vocational learning outcomes associated with the study of electronics and control systems, graduates of electronics technician programs are also expected to have essential employability skills and meet certain general education learning outcomes. Individual schools largely determine the specific program structure, delivery methods, and other curriculum components to be used to assist students in achieving the required program outcomes.
A significant component of course material includes laboratory experimentation. These lab courses and projects often represent up to 50% of the course material and are used to reinforce theoretical concepts associated with the study of electronics. Schools offering electronics technician programs will have electronics laboratories to support the delivery of course curriculum. Historically, these laboratories have been traditional "hands on" learning environments, although in recent years the trend is moving towards electronics simulation software such as Multisim and CircuitLogix. Electronics software simulation is also used in conjunction with traditional labs to provide greater opportunities for students to complete laboratory projects as part of their studies.
Career prospects
The demand for jobs in the electronics engineering and service fields is the result of a recent proliferation of both consumer and industrial electronics products. The design, installation, servicing and maintenance of this equipment has created significant employment opportunities in the electronics industry.
Typical job-related activities may involve:
design
assembly
installation
maintenance
testing
troubleshooting
repair
upgrading of associated electronic equipment and systems.
Job opportunities for electrical and electronics technologists and technicians are increasing because many industries use electronic products and systems. Key sectors are telecommunications, audio/video, computers, robotics, energy conversion and efficiency, power generation, transmission and distribution, and electrical equipment manufacturing.
Employment opportunities for electronics technicians vary and are largely based on their areas of expertise. For example, employment growth for Electronics technicians in areas such as robotics, energy conversion, and power generation is expected to grow by 5%/yr from 2010 through 2020.
References
Further reading
Electrical and Electronics Engineering Technicians
Classification & Qualifications
Technicians
Electronics industry
Edmund March Blunt (June 20, 1770 – January 4, 1862) was an American navigator, author, and publisher of nautical magazines. They established a nautical book and chart publishing firm that became the largest publishing firm in the early 19th century. In 1796, they published American Coastal Pilot, which described every port of the United States. Blunt created a map in 1796 of what is now the Federated States of Micronesia.
Personal life
Blunt was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and lived in Sing Sing, New York. They had four sons: Nathaniel B., Edmund, George and Joseph. Edmund Blunt was a hydrographer. Mount Blunt in Antarctica is named for him.
Nautical publisher
Blunt published the Impartial Herald, under the firm name of Blunt and Robinson, which was established on May 18, 1793. The firm was disovled on February 28, 1794, and Blunt became the publisher of the Herald. In December, 1794, under the new firm name of Blunt & March, they united the Morning Star with the Impartial Herald. By 1795, the Impartial Herald was published twice a week. In 1796, Blunt sold their interest in the paper to Angier March who continued the publication until it was merged with the Political Gazette in 1797 when the name changed to the Newburyport Herald. When Blunt sold the Impartial Herald, they published the American Coast Pilot in 1796, in Newburyport, Massachusetts. It was published until 1858 by the United States Hydrographic Office, reaching 21 editions by 1867. Its final publication was produced in New York. (Sabin 6025). Blunt expanded chart coverage into the Pacific Ocean and in 1857, expanded into the Indian Ocean.
Move to New York
By 1815, Blunt had moved to New York where they opened a place of business at 202 Water Street, Beekman Slip, New York, "where charts and pilots for every part of the world, nautical books of every description, sextants, circles, quadrants, spy glasses, compasses and every nautical and mathematical instruments requisite at sea may be had on the most reasonable terms."
In 1824, their two sons, George and Edmund went into business with their father at the publishing house of marine works called E. & G. W. Blunt Publishing. Blunt published Blunt's Coastal Pilot, which became American Coast Pilot. The firm closed in 1872 and sold the chart copyrights and plates to the Coast Survey and U.S. Navy Hydrographic Office.
From 1819 to 1826 they conducted marine surveys on the Bahama Islands and the Nantucket Shoals. They made the first accurate survey of the New York harbor.
Death
Blunt died at their residence in Sing Sing, Westchester County, New York on Saturday January 4, 1862, at 92. Their funeral was at the Presbyterian church in Sing Sing. They were buried at the Sparta Cemetery in Ossining, New York.
References
1770 births
1862 deaths
People from Portsmouth, New Hampshire
People from Ossining, New York
American explorers
18th-century publishers (people)
American magazine publishers (people)
Wulflaich was a Lombard Catholic deacon and holy man in 6th-century Francia.  They are known only from the Ten Books of Histories of Gregory of Tours, who recounts how they chose to live as a stylite (that is, atop a pillar) in the diocese of Trier during the episcopate of Magneric (before 587) and the reign of King Childebert II (576–596).
Gregory met Wulflaich at the castle of Yvois and accompanied them to the monastery they had built on a hill some eight miles away. They report Wulflaich's own account of their conversion. The Lombard was a disciple of Aredius, abbot of Limoges, when the two visited the shrine of Saint Martin at Tours. The abbot collected some dust from Martin's tomb and placed it in a capsule as a relic. When the relic was placed in a box, the box filled with dust. These miracles convinced Wulflaich to found their own monastery outside Trier. They found the locals still worshipping Diana, so they erected a pillar and stood on top of it:I myself set up a column, on which I remained standing with bare feet, no matter how much it hurt me. When winter came in its season, it so froze me with its icy frost that the bitter cold made my toenails fall off, not once but several times, and the rain turned to ice and hung from my beard like the wax which melts from candles. This district is famous for its harsh winters.
Their preaching eventually had its effect. The inhabitants pulled the statue of Diana down with ropes and broke it up with hammers. The local bishops, however, ordered them to come down from their pillar:It is not right, what you are trying to do! Such an obscure person as you can never be compared with Simeon the Stylite of Antioch! The climate of the region makes it impossible for you to keep tormenting
yourself in this way. Come down off your column, and live with the brethren whom you have gathered around you.
Although they disagreed with the bishops, they complied and the bishops destroyed the column.
Notes
References
Further reading
Aldrovandi, Alberto. "Vita di Wulflaich, stilita e santo longobardo del sesto secolo". Academia.edu.
6th-century Lombard people
Stylites
The 2020 United States presidential election in Washington was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 U.S. states plus the District of Columbia participated. Washington voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Washington has 12 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Prior to the election, most news organizations forecast Washington as a state that Biden would win, or a safe blue state. Biden won the state by almost 20 points, the largest winning margin for a presidential candidate of any party since 1964. They also flipped the swing county of Clallam, which now holds the record for the longest ongoing streak of voting for the national winner, having supported the winning candidate in every election since 1980. Biden also became the candidate with the highest vote total in the state's history, with 2,369,612 votes. This was the first time since 1988 that Washington voted to the left of Illinois.
The Seattle area, home to almost two-thirds of the state's population, is overwhelmingly Democratic. Despite this, even if you remove the votes from King, Snohomish, and Pierce counties (the entire Seattle metropolitan area), Biden would have carried the state by over 4,000 votes. However, Trump won a considerable majority in outlying communities, garnering over 70% of the vote in rural counties such as Columbia. Eastern Washington is very rural and leans Republican, partly due to the strong tinge of social conservatism it shares with neighboring Idaho, a GOP stronghold. That said, Biden was able to improve on Clinton's margin in Whitman County--anchored by the college town of Pullman--increasing it from 4.1% in 2016 to 10.2% in 2020, the best performance for a Democrat in the county since 1936. In addition, they narrowed Trump's margin in Spokane County from 8.4% to 4.3%. Biden earned 75% of the vote in King County, home to Seattle. This was the largest margin by any candidate in a presidential race since the county's creation.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden's strength in Washington came from 59% among white voters and 79% among Asian-Americans. 34% of voters were secular and supported Biden by 78%. Additionally, a majority of Native Americans in the state backed Biden by about 65%, with some tribes supporting Biden by over 80%. Biden also became the first Democrat since Washington's admission into the union to win the presidency without winning Mason County, the first Democrat since John F. Kennedy in 1960 to prevail without winning Cowlitz County, and the first Democrat since Woodrow Wilson in 1916 to prevail without winning Grays Harbor County and Pacific County.
Primary elections
The primaries for the major parties were on March 10, 2020. On March 14, 2019, Governor Jay Inslee signed a bill moving the state's presidential primary up from May to the second Tuesday in March.
Republican primary
Donald Trump, Bill Weld, Joe Walsh, and Rocky de la Fuente had declared their candidacy for the Republican Party, but only Trump met all of the state party's criteria by the official deadline of January 21, 2020, for being included on the ballot. Thus Trump essentially ran unopposed in the Republican primary, and thus they received all of Washington's 43 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
A number of Democratic Party candidates ran or expressed interest in running. Additionally, Seattle-based billionaire Howard Schultz announced a potential bid as an independent in early 2019, but backed out in September of that year. The party's candidates included on the ballot at the deadline were Michael Bennet, Joe Biden, Michael Bloomberg, Cory Booker, Pete Buttigieg, John Delaney, Tulsi Gabbard, Amy Klobuchar, Deval Patrick, Bernie Sanders, Tom Steyer, Elizabeth Warren and Andrew Yang.
Green primary
As a minor party, Washington State's Green Party affiliate is excluded from the publicly funded Presidential Primary in Washington State. The Green Party of Washington facilitated its primary by a mail-in ballot to its members after its Spring Convention on May 23 (deadline was June 13).
All candidates recognized by the Green Party of the United States by April 23 were on the ballot, plus a write-in option:
Howie Hawkins
Dario Hunter
David Rolde
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
<noinclude>
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and generic Democrat
Electoral slates
These slates of electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidate win the state:
Results
By winning nearly 58% of the vote, Joe Biden's performance was the best showing for a presidential candidate of any party in Washington since Lyndon B. Johnson's landslide victory in 1964.
By county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Clallam County (the largest municipality: Port Angeles)
By congressional district
Biden won 7 of 10 congressional districts with the remaining 3 going to Trump.
See also
United States presidential elections in Washington (state)
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Washington
2020
Presidential
The hairy-breasted barbet (Tricholaema hirsuta) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae. It is found throughout the Africa tropical rainforest.
Taxonomy
The species was described as Pogonias hirsutus by William John Swainson in 1821. Four subspecies are recognized: T. h. hirsuta, from Sierra Leone to south central Nigeria; T. h. flavipunctata, from southern Nigeria to central Gabon; T. h. angolensis, from southern Gabon to northern Angola and T. h. ansorgii, from eastern Cameroon and the east of the DRC to western Kenya and northwestern Tanzania.
Distribution and habitat
The hairy-breasted barbet is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Tanzania, Togo and Uganda. The size of its range is estimated at . It is found at elevations of up to . Its habitat is mainly lowland primary forests and it also enters older secondary forests.
Description
Its length is , and it weighs . The male has a blue-black head with a white superciliary line and a white malar stripe. The upperparts are black with yellow spots on the back and yellow bars on the rump. The tail is brown-black. The throat is black. The breast and flanks are yellow with black markings. The wings are brown-black, with some feathers having yellow edges. The beak is black and the legs are grey. The eyes are red or red-brown. The dorsal markings and underparts of the female are more golden yellow. The immature has laxer plumage. The spots on its upperparts are paler and sparser. The black markings on its vent are more barred.
T. h. flavipunctata does not have stripes on its head. There are white spots on its face and yellow spots on its head. Its back is browner, and its underparts are a dull brownish-yellow. T. h. angolensis is browner than flavipunctata. There are fine whitish spots on its face. Its vent is brownish, and its throat is brown-white with brown bars. T. h. ansorgii has narrow lines on its face. Its throat is white and streaked with black. Its upperparts are browner, and its underparts are less bright.
Behavior
The hairy-breasted barbet usually feeds singly or in a pair. Its diet consists of fruits, including drupes and berries, along with insects, such as beetles and caterpillars. It has been observed to remove wings and legs from insects by bashing them on branches.
It sometimes joins mixed-species foraging flocks.
Each pair defends a territory, and both the male and female sing. The song is repeated or notes. While a bird sings, it spreads out some of its feathers, puffs its throat and rotates its head from side to side. In flight displays, it swoops downwards and it also glides without moving its wings. Its breeding is not well known. It has been found in cavities in trees, but it is not known if it nests in these cavities. Breeding activity, including in females with large ovaries and juvenile birds, has been observed in different parts of the year in different regions.
Status
The population size is not known. The population trend is probably stable because the species does not seem to have population declines or threats. The IUCN Red List has listed the species as least concern because it has a large range and appears to have a stable population trend.
References
hairy-breasted barbet
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
hairy-breasted barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Church of Jesus Christ is a schismatic organization in the Latter Day Saint movement which was organized in 1965 as a fracturing from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Strangite).
In the early 1950s, Theron Drew, a member of the Strangite church, met Merl Kilgore, who at the time was the leader of another Latter Day Saint group called Zion's Order of the Sons of Levi. Drew was convinced that Kilgore was the "One Mighty and Strong" prophesied in Mormon scripture and that Kilgore should become the successor of James Strang, to lead the Strangite Church. However, not long after promoting Kilgore, Drew changed their mind.
When Drew met again with the Strangite Church, they were rejected and excommunicated by them in 1965. Drew, their family, and a small number of supporters then organized The Church of Jesus Christ, claiming it to be the true successor of Joseph Smith's Church of Christ. The Drewite Church met in a farmhouse previously owned by Wingfield W. Watson, an early leader within the Strangites. Theron Drew died in 1978 and leadership of the church passed to their son, Richard Drew.
The Strangite Church sued The Church of Jesus Christ to recover some documents in Theron Drew's possession, but the lawsuit was unsuccessful.
References
Edward T. Couch (1980). Evidences and Inspiration (Bay Springs, Mich., n.p.)
J. Gordon Melton (1996, 5th ed.). Encyclopedia of American Religions (Detroit, Mich.: Gale) p. 582
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Strangite)
Strangite denominations in the Latter Day Saint movement
Christian organizations established in 1965
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
Eduardo Schiaffino (1858-1935) was an Argentine painter, critic, intellectual and historian. A member of a group known as the Generation of '80, they founded the National Museum of Fine Arts in Buenos Aires and sparked the development of painting in their country.
Biography
Schiaffino was born in Buenos Aires in 1858. Trained initially by Venetian painter Giuseppe Agujari, at 18 they were among the founders of the Society for the Stimulus of Fine Arts, the initial name of the National Academy of Fine Arts. In 1884 they travelled to Europe as correspondent for the newspaper El Diario, publishing various articles on artistic themes under the pseudonym Zig Zag.
In 1891 they were one of the founders of the Buenos Aires Athenaeum, a group dedicated to renewing Hispanic American culture through the participation of distinguished figures like Ruben Darío and Leopoldo Lugones. In 1895 they won a victory when the government agreed to create the National Museum of Fine Arts, a project for which they had long struggled. They acted as its first director until 1910, and secured Auguste Rodin's contribution of numerous sculptures for newly established parks in Buenos Aires. The trend in painting they pursued during this period was towards symbolism, which they had publicly and polemically criticised. They acquired a large number of works in thus genre for the Fine Arts Museum during their tenure, just the same.
Schiaffino was afterwards engaged in various diplomatic undertakings in Europe, but in 1933 they returned to Buenos Aires and published their most important book, Painting and Sculpture in Argentina.
References
Biography, in Spanish, from Rudas Macho (pdf)
La Nación: Eduardo Schiaffino, un olvidado.
Argentine art critics
Argentine art historians
Argentine people of Italian descent
1858 births
1935 deaths
19th-century Argentine painters
19th-century Argentine male artists
Argentine male painters
20th-century Argentine painters
20th-century Argentine male artists
Piacenza Calcio had their most successful season ever, with 41 points in 34 games, albeit just three points above the relegation zone. Many thanks to 15 times goal scorer Simone Inzaghi, Piacenza was able to secure a fifth consecutive season in the top flight. The remarkable finish with seven wins out of the last eleven, was key in determining the survival.
Squad
Goalkeepers
Valerio Fiori
Sergio Marcon
Michele Nicoletti
Defenders
Mauro Barberini
Giordano Caini
Daniele Cozzi
Daniele Delli Carri
Gianluca Lamacchi
Alessandro Lucarelli
Gian Paolo Manighetti
Stefano Sacchetti
Pietro Vierchowod
Midfielders
Renato Buso
Paolo Cristallini
Alessandro Mazzola
Daniele Moretti
Gianpietro Piovani
Adolfo Speranza
Francesco Statuto
Giovanni Stroppa
Stefano Turi
Francesco Varrenti
Attackers
Davide Dionigi
Simone Inzaghi
Massimo Rastelli
Ruggiero Rizzitelli
Alberto Gilardino
Serie A
Matches
Top Scorers
Simone Inzaghi 15 (8)
Davide Dionigi 5 (1)
Gianpietro Piovani 5 (1)
Massimo Rastelli 4
Pietro Vierchowod 3
References
Sources
RSSSF - Italy Championship 1998/99
Piacenza Calcio 1919 seasons
Piacenza
Mashtayage Danishka Gunathilaka (born 17 March 1991) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer, who plays all formats of the game internationally.  They are an opening batsman of Sri Lanka who plays with partner Kusal Perera, but occasionally removed from the squad with the injuries. They have also been occasionally sidelined due to disciplinary issues.  They are a left-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who plays for Colombo. They were born in Panadura. They studied at Mahanama College, Colombo 03.
Early and domestic career
Gunathilaka made their cricketing debut in the 2007–08 Inter-Provincial Twenty20 tournament for Sri Lanka Schools, alongside fellow Colts Cricket Club player Kusal Perera.
Gunathilaka made their List A debut for Colombo Cricket Club against Sinhalese Sports Club in 2009–10, scoring a single run. They also come from Mahanama College school cricket. They also played for Sri Lanka national under-19 cricket team at the 2010 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
In March 2018, they were named in Kandy's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, they were also named in Kandy's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.
In August 2018, they were named in Dambulla's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. In March 2019, they were named in Dambulla's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.
Lanka Premier League
In October 2020, they were drafted by the Galle Gladiators for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League. They also ended up the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League in 2020 as the leading runscorer of the tournament with 476 runs in 10 matches and singlehandedly carried the Galle Gladiators franchise to the tournament final. Their performance in the tournament was also praised by veteran Pakistani allrounder and Galle Gladiators captain Shahid Afridi who called Gunathilaka as potentially the next Kumar Sangakkara of Sri Lanka. Their bizarre runout after colliding with Suranga Lakmal in the 2020 LPL final against Jaffna Stallions drew social media attention and sympathy towards him. Due to their sublime performances at the 2020 My11Circle Lanka Premier League they were named in the LPL team of the tournament. In November 2021, they were selected to play for the Galle Gladiators following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League. In July 2022, they were signed by the Galle Gladiators for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
They made their One Day International debut for Sri Lanka against the West Indies on 1 November 2015. They were selected for home ODI series against West Indies in 2015 after a string of impressive performances with the Sri Lankan A side in the tour of New Zealand in the same year scoring two fifties in four innings.
After Kusal Perera dropped from the 2015–16 New Zealand tour due to drug scandal, Gunathilaka was included to the ODI squad for opening position with Tillakaratne Dilshan. Their batting ability did not show in the first two ODIs, but in the third ODI, which was their only 4th international match, Gunathilaka scored a fast and dashing 65 runs from 45 balls. The innings included 7 fours and 4 sixes and getting the match away from New Zealand. Sri Lanka won the match by 8 wickets and Gunathilaka adjudged man of the match for their performance. During the same tour, they made their Twenty20 International debut for Sri Lanka against New Zealand on 7 January 2016.
Gunathilaka was not initially announced to the Sri Lanka squad for 2017 ICC Champions Trophy. But they were called for the squad for injured Chamara Kapugedera. They scored 77 runs against India, guiding the team to victory. Sri Lanka chased 321 at the end, recording the highest chase every in Champions Trophy history. During the run chase, they put on a 159 run stand with Kusal Mendis for the second wicket.
Gunathilaka scored their maiden ODI century on 6 July 2017 against Zimbabwe at MRIC Stadium. They along with Niroshan Dickwella added 229-run partnership for the first wicket, where Dickwella also scored their maiden ODI century. Sri Lanka chased 310 to win the match, which is recorded as the first 300+ chase by Sri Lanka in home soil as well. Gunathilaka won man of the match award for their impressive batting performance.
In the fourth ODI against Zimbabwe, they and Niroshan Dickwella set the record for becoming the first pair of batsmen to score two successive 200-plus partnerships in ODIs. They missed out their consecutive century, dismissed for 87 runs, whereas their counterpart Dickwella scored their second consecutive century.
They made their Test debut for Sri Lanka against India on 26 July 2017. They only scored 18 runs in the match, and took the sole wicket of Abhinav Mukund. Sri Lanka finally lost the match by huge 304 runs.
In May 2018, they were one of 33 cricketers to be awarded a national contract by Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) ahead of the 2018–19 season. However, in July 2018, SLC suspended them from all forms of international cricket, after they breached the code of conduct. Despite their disciplinary issues, they helped Sri Lanka to have a firm opening stand in the second test against South Africa, where Gunathilaka along with Dimuth Karunaratne put on a century partnership in the first innings and a 91-run partnership in the second innings. Gunathilaka scored two fifties in the match and Sri Lanka won the match by 199 runs to seal the series 2–0. They were ruled out from the Sri Lankan side prior to the start of the 2018 Asia Cup due to suffering an injury in the training session and was replaced by Shehan Jayasuriya.
On 2 October 2019, Gunathilaka scored their second ODI century during the second ODI against Pakistan in Karachi. They scored 133 off 134 deliveries to post a target of 197 for Pakistan. However, Pakistan won the match and sealed the series 2–0. During the first T20I, Gunathilaka scored their second T20I fifty. They along with Avishka Fernando had an opening partnership of 84 runs, which laid the foundation for 165 runs. Pakistan bowled out for 101 runs and Sri Lanka won the match by 64 runs, which is the highest winning margin against them in all T20Is. Gunathilaka won the man of the match award for their all round performance.
On 10 March 2021, in the first match against the West Indies, Gunathilaka became the first cricketer for Sri Lanka to be given out obstructing the field in ODIs. However, West Indies captain Kieron Pollard later apologised to Gunathilaka after their error in the game. However, during the ODI series, they were the top scorer for Sri Lanka with the scores of 55, 96 and 36. Even though their impressive opening stand, Sri Lanka lost the series 3-0.
Disciplinary issues
On 5 October 2017, Gunathilaka was suspended for six limited over international matches and also omitted from the Sri Lanka ODI squad for Pakistan in the UAE. This suspension was given by Sri Lanka Cricket due to missing training sessions, turning up to a match without their gear, and showing indifferent attitude during training. However, the suspension was reduced to three matches on 17 October 2017 after a meeting of Sri Lanka Cricket's executive committee in Colombo. Gunathilaka was also fined 20% of their annual contract fee.
In January 2018, ICC officially reprimanded Gunathilaka for breaching Level 1 of the ICC Code of Conduct when they gave send off to Bangladeshi batsman Tamim Iqbal when they were dismissed during the final of the ODI Tri Nation Series between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.
On 22 July 2018, Gunathilaka was again suspended from international cricket by Sri Lanka Cricket for breaching the "Player Code of Conduct" by breaking the team curfew. Their suspension came immediately after the end of the second test against South Africa. Gunathilaka was fined their entire match fee from the second test and was suspended for six matches. The first three matches of the six-match suspension are for their current breach of the code of conduct, whereas the other three matches about October 2017 incidence. The reason for the suspension from international cricket was due to the fact that one of the friends of Gunathilaka was accused of raping a Norwegian woman in a hotel room at Colombo and Gunathilaka was inquired by the Sri Lanka Police regarding the matter. The Sri Lankan Police later revealed that Gunathilaka was innocent and cleared them from allegations of rape and sexual assault.
In March 2021, the International Cricket Council reprimanded Gunathilaka for breaching Level 1 of the ICC Code of Conduct for using offensive, indecent and inappropriate language towards West Indies batsman Nicholas Pooran after dismissing them during the 35th over of the West Indies innings in the third ODI between Sri Lanka and West Indies.
On 28 April 2021, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) censured Gunathilaka for their indecent behaviour regarding reports claiming that they had a brawl with few others during an event at a hotel in Matara, with a three-member inquiry panel finding their conduct unprofessional and lacking integrity. They were directed to attend mandatory counselling sessions for a year instead of handing another ban from cricket. SLC in a media release said, “…based on the findings and recommendations made by the panel, the Management Committee of Sri Lanka Cricket warned the player not to engage in any conduct which violates the standards of honesty, morality, fair play, and sportsmanship which result in bringing disrepute to Sri Lanka Cricket.“The three-member Inquiry Panel headed by an Independent Attorney-at-Law has found the players' conduct with regard to the alleged incident to be unprofessional and lacking the required level of integrity expected of a National Player.” “The committee also directed Gunathilaka to attend mandatory counselling sessions conducted by a doctor nominated by Sri Lanka Cricket for a 1 year period,” the statement also read. However, Gunathilaka refused the allegations and had initially asked SLC to intervene into the false allegations levelled against him.
On 28 June 2021, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) suspended Gunathilaka, Kusal Mendis and Niroshan Dickwella after they breached the team's bio-secure bubble during Sri Lanka's tour of England. All three players were seen in the city centre of Durham, with SLC sending them all back home ahead of the ODI matches. In July 2021, following the outcome of the incident, Gunathilaka was suspended from playing in international cricket for one year. Sri Lanka Cricket agreed to lift the ban early, rescinding the punishment in January 2022.
References
1991 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Test cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Colombo Cricket Club cricketers
Wayamba cricketers
Sri Lanka Cricket Combined XI cricketers
Sri Lanka Schools XI cricketers
Sinhalese Sports Club cricketers
Basnahira Cricket Dundee cricketers
People from Panadura
Sylhet Sixers cricketers
Kandy Crusaders cricketers
Southern Express cricketers
Galle Gladiators cricketers
John Hope (6 February 1841 – 12 November 1910) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played four first-class matches for Otago between 1863 and 1867.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1841 births
1910 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Derbyshire
Yokena Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church building near Vicksburg, Mississippi. It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
References
Presbyterian churches in Mississippi
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Queen Anne architecture in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1885
Buildings and structures in Vicksburg, Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Warren County, Mississippi
In-camera editing is a technique where, instead of editing the shots in a film into sequence after shooting, the director or cinematographer instead shoots the sequences in strict order. The resulting "edit" is therefore already complete when the film is developed.
The process takes a lot of planning so that the shots are filmed in the precise order they will be presented. However, some of this time can be reclaimed, as there is no editing, cutting out or reordering scenes later on. When the last scene is filmed by the director or cinematographer, the production is completely finished.
A benefit of the technique, largely now irrelevant due to the rise of digital video, is a reduction in the cost of the production. When the cost of film was a significant fraction of the budget, filmmakers used this technique to optimize film usage.
Because of its apparent simplicity, in-camera editing is also popular with new students who may lack experience with editing, or who want to skip the editing step. It can also be a very educational process because of time and organizational skills that are required. The discipline required to plan out each shot is a useful pedagogical technique. Many introductory video production courses cover the topic of in-camera editing for this very purpose.
The technique may also be used to limit directing and editing interference in a production (often on the part of producers or financiers) because the film exists only as shot, with no options for editing. Any subsequent editing would require costly reshoots and pick-ups.
Finally, if the filmmaker does not have access to film editing equipment (notably, a non-linear editing system), then in-camera editing may be the only available option.
Notable uses of in-camera editing
Alfred Hitchcock used the technique, notably in Rope. Jean-Luc Godard also made use of it in their film Breathless. Both of these directors helped to create in-camera editing in films and led to the technological advancement of in-camera editing. Steven Spielberg is said to be an ardent fan of this technique.
References
Film and video technology
Television terminology
Betty and Wilbur Davis State Park is a state park located in Otsego County, New York. The park is southeast of Cooperstown and is in the northwest corner of the Town of Westford.
The park is named for the New York couple who donated the land, and features forests, open land and two ponds.
Facilities
Betty and Wilbur Davis State Park was opened in 2001, and fully furnished log cabins were added in 2006. The park also features picnic tables and pavilion, ponds for catch and release fishing, hiking trails, and hunting in season. During the winter, the park is available for cross-country skiing and snowshoeing.
See also
List of New York state parks
References
External links
New York State Parks - Betty and Wilbur Davis
Betty and Wilbur Davis State Park trail map
State parks of New York (state)
Parks in Otsego County, New York
Protected areas established in 2001
2001 establishments in New York (state)
Henry of Antioch (; 1217-27 June 1276) was a nobleman from the Latin East who governed the Kingdom of Jerusalem from 1263 until 1264. They were made bailli by their wife, Isabella of Cyprus, who exercised regency on behalf of their nephew King Hugh II of Cyprus. They died in a shipwreck after their son, Hugh III, became king of both Cyprus and Jerusalem.
Family
Henry was born in 1217. They were the youngest of the four sons of Prince Bohemond IV of Antioch and their first wife, Plaisance Embriaco. Bohemond IV had a tense relationship with the House of Ibelin, who opposed the idea that their son Bohemond should govern the Kingdom of Cyprus after marrying Queen Alice, mother of King Henry I. They reconciled with the Ibelins in order to resist the ambitions of Emperor Frederick II, who attempted to assert their authority over the Crusader states. The young Bohemond's marriage to Alice was annulled, and the prince of Antioch instead readily consented to John of Ibelin's suggestion that the former's younger son Henry should marry King Henry's sister Isabella. They married 1233, and had two children, Hugh and Margaret.
Lieutenancy
King Henry died in 1253. Their son, King Hugh II of Cyprus, was regarded as the heir presumptive of the absent King Conrad III of Jerusalem and was thus recognized as regent by the High Court of Jerusalem. But King Hugh was a minor, and so the regency was exercised on their behalf by their mother, Queen Plaisance. Plaisance died in 1261. Henry's wife Isabella, aunt and closest relative of King Hugh, waived their right to Cypriot regency in favour of their son, Hugh. But in 1263, Isabella claimed the right to exercise regency in the Kingdom of Jerusalem on Hugh's behalf. They and Henry arrived in Acre, the capital of what had remained of the mainland kingdom, to assume the reins of government shortly after Baibars attacked.
Isabella deputised Henry to act as their bailli. This appointment was resented, possibly because coming from the ruling family of Antioch made Henry appear as an outsider. The High Court refused them fealty and homage, claiming that they should have brought King Hugh with them. The following year, Pope Urban IV implored Henry, John II of Beirut, Geoffrey of Sergines, and John of Jaffa to settle their differences for the sake of the kingdom. Little is known about Henry's government. It was cut short by Isabella's death in 1264, as their lieutenancy then lapsed.
Aftermath
Henry and Isabella's son, Hugh, was selected to exercise regency in Jerusalem after Isabella's death. When the young kings of Cyprus and Jerusalem died in 1267 and 1268, respectively, Henry's son ascended both thrones. Henry died in a shipwreck on 27 June 1276 when the taride carrying them from Acre to Cyprus hit a rock. They were buried in the church of the Knights Hospitaller in Nicosia, Cyprus.
References
Sources
1217 births
1276 deaths
Deaths by drowning
Principality of Antioch
13th-century people of the Kingdom of Jerusalem
House of Poitiers
The East-Tarkosalinskoye gas field is a natural gas field located in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. It was discovered in 1971 and developed by and Novatek. It began production in 1994 and produces natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the East-Tarkosalinskoye gas field are around 7.013 trillion cubic feet (198×109m³), and production is slated to be around 1.23 billion cubic feet/day (34.8×105m³) in 2010.
References
Natural gas fields in Russia
Natural gas fields in the Soviet Union
Khanpur–Chachran Railway () was one of several branch lines in Pakistan, operated and maintained by Pakistan Railways. The line began at Khanpur Junction and ended at Chachran. The total length of this railway line is with 4 railway stations.
History
The branch line was initially referred to as the Bahawalpur Royal Railway and was a Darbar line financed by the Princely Bahawalpur State. The line opened in 1911 as part of the North Western State Railway network. The line was owned by the Bahawalpur State Darbar, who also owned the Bahawalnagar–Fort Abbas Railway. Following Pakistan's independence, the line became part of the Pakistan Railways network. The line linked Khanpur and Chachran.
Stations
Khanpur Junction
Kotla Pathan
Jajja Abbasian
Zahir Pir
Chachran
See also
Samasata-Amruka Branch Line
Mandra–Bhaun Railway
Karachi–Peshawar Railway Line
Railway lines in Pakistan
References
Closed railway lines in Pakistan
Railway lines opened in 1911
Railway stations on Khanpur–Chachran Railway
Dream PetHouse is a defunct mobile simulation social network game created by Zynga. This game was available for users to download starting on February 2, 2012. The game was similar to other games that focus on building, such as Zynga Dream Zoo. In Dream PetHouse, users could collect and care for cute animals. A free version of the game was available to users, but to speed up advancement in the game, a user could pay real money to buy digital fruit, seeds or coins. This type of game is known as a freemium. The height of Dream PetHouse's popularity was in June, 2012, when according to Daily Active User (DAU) metrics, there were about 400,515 daily users. Using DAU metrics, Dream PetHouse had about 12,602 daily users in April, 2013. On May 21, 2013, Zynga announced that it would cease supporting this game on June 28, 2013. The server was finally shut down on July 4 or 5.
References
2012 video games
Android (operating system) games
Zynga
IOS games
Video games developed in the United States
Virtual pet video games
Anne-Marie Campora (1938 – 12 November 2015) was a Monegasque politician.
Early life and family background
Anne-Marie Campora was born in 1938. Them father, Charles Campora, served as the president of AS Monaco FC, the national football club of Monaco. Them twin brother, Jean-Louis Campora, served as the president of AS Monaco FC from 1975 to 2003, and as the president of the National Council from 1993 to 2003.
Career
Campona served as the Mayor of Monaco from 1991 to 2003. They were the first and only woman to serve as the mayor of Monaco.
Death
Campora died on 12 November 2015. Them funeral was held at the Saint-Charles Church in Monaco. It was attended by Albert II, Prince of Monaco, mayor Georges Marsan, and all members of the Council of Government. Campora was buried in their family tomb at the Monaco Cemetery.
References
1938 births
2015 deaths
Women mayors of Monaco
20th-century women politicians
21st-century women politicians
Jia Zongyang (born 1 March 1991 in Fushun, Liaoning, China) is a Chinese aerial skier. They competed for China at the 2010, 2014, and 2018 Winter Olympics, winning a bronze medal in 2014 and a silver in 2018. At the 2010 Olympic Games in Vancouver, 18-year-old Jia Zongyang showed the best result in qualifying, but took only sixth place in the final.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Chinese male freestyle skiers
Olympic freestyle skiers of China
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in freestyle skiing
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for China
Olympic bronze medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in freestyle skiing
Freestyle skiers at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Medalists at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Universiade medalists in freestyle skiing
Universiade gold medalists for China
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
People from Fushun
Skiers from Liaoning
William R. Martin is a Partner at the D.C. office of Barnes & Thornburg, LLP. Their notable past clients have included NBA stars Allen Iverson and Jayson Williams, Monica Lewinsky's mother, and Chandra Levy's parents. They also represented former Atlanta mayor Bill Campbell on racketeering, bribery and wire fraud charges; Campbell was convicted of three counts of tax fraud, but acquitted on racketeering and bribery charges. Martin also defended former NBA player Jayson Williams at trial during Spring 2004.
Martin represented Senator Larry Craig in their effort to have their disorderly conduct conviction overturned and expunged. On December 9, 2008, the Minnesota Court of Appeals affirmed a District Court's ruling denying Craig's request to withdraw their guilty plea. Martin has said they may appeal to the Minnesota Supreme Court.
Martin is a graduate of Howard University and the University of Cincinnati College of Law.  They are married to National Public Radio journalist and radio host Michel Martin.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American lawyers
Howard University alumni
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
Chiesa di Santa Maria Assunta (Italian for Church of Santa Maria Assunta) is a Romanesque church in Bominaco, Province of L'Aquila (Abruzzo).
History
Architecture
See also
Catholic Church in Spain
References
External links
Maria Assunta Bonamico
Maria Assunta
Bominaco
Veeramakaliamman Temple is situated at Perambur in Kulathur taluk of Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu, India.
Location
This temple is located at Pudukottai-Sengipatti road, at a distance of 26 km. from Pudukottai.
Presiding deity
The Veeramakaliamman is the presiding deity.
Specialities
The temple is found in an open space. So many devotees from Thanjavur and Trichy districts come to this temple to have the darshan of the deity. In order to fulfil their vows they come over here and offer their offerings here. Goats are sacrificed and a festival in connection with this sacrifice is held every year. At that time large number goats are offered to the deity. Just before the offering people from Gandharvakottai and nearby areas came and halt here. After their offerings, the family members in groups cook the non vegetarian food and ate them in the temple campus.
Festivals
During the Tamil month of Chithirai one day festival and during the Tamil month of Vaikasi three day festival are held in a grand manner in this temple. During the last Fridays of the Tamil month of Aadi special pujas are conducted.
Worship time
The temple is opened for worship from 6.00 a.m. to 7.30 p.m.
References
Hindu temples in Pudukkottai district
The 2nd Independent Spirit Awards, honoring the best in independent filmmaking for 1986, were announced on March 28, 1987. The ceremony was hosted by Buck Henry and was held at 385 North, a restaurant in Los Angeles.
Winners and nominees
Films with multiple nominations and awards
Special awards
Special Distinction Award
'''A Room with a View
28 Up
Men...
Mona Lisa
My Beautiful Laundrette
References
External links
1986 Spirit Awards at IMDb
1986
Independent Spirit Awards
Michael Anthony Rizzitello (March 29, 1927 – October 26, 2005), also known as "Mike Rizzi", was a high ranking Italian American mobster in the Los Angeles crime family. Rizzitello's criminal record stretched back to 1947. They were also featured in several biography novels by mobsters-turned-informants Jimmy Fratianno (The Last Mafioso and Vengeance Is Mine), Anthony Fiato (The Animal in Hollywood), and Kenny Gallo (Breakshot).
Early life
Rizzitello was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on March 29, 1927. They later moved to New York City and as an adult became associated with organized crime. They worked for "Crazy Joe" Gallo in the 1950s who was a member of the Profaci crime family (later named the Colombo crime family). When Gallo attempted to take over the Profaci crime family, Rizzitello was one of their key gunmen. Rizzitello allegedly participated in the murder of mobster John Guariglia and Paul Ricci at the HiFi Lounge in Brooklyn on November 11, 1961, along with future LA mob soldier Tommy Ricciardi. Soon in 1956, Mike Rizzitello moved to California. In California, Rizzitello first became affiliated with the Los Angeles crime family working as a debt collector and extortionist for Salvatore "Dago Louie" Piscopo along with a friend of their named Louie "Lefty" Castiglione. They were also mentored by Joseph Sica; an associate of Piscopo.
Los Angeles
In 1962, Rizzitello was arrested by the LAPD for a string of armed robberies of restaurants and businesses in the Hollywood area, and after conviction they served nine years in prison. In 1970. Rizzitello met inmate William Carroll in prison at Chino prison. The two men became quick friends. In the mid 80's Carroll would become the manager of the Mustang Club, a well known exotic dance club in Santa Ana that Rizzitello received "protection" money from. Carroll later testified in court the protection amount was $5,000 per week. Allegedly, they became associated with Joe "Pegleg" Morgan and Rodolfo Cadena, two members of the Mexican Mafia while in prison. During their time in Los Angeles, Rizzitello also became associated with the Los Angeles crime family. They became involved in illegal gambling, loan sharking, mail fraud, insurance fraud, and extortion. After working extensively with the L.A. Mob, On June 6, 1976, Louie Piscopo allegedly sponsored Rizzitello to become a made man. Attending the ceremony were, consigliere Frank Bompensiero, acting boss Aladena "Jimmy the Weasel" Fratianno and co-acting boss Louis Tom Dragna. Later in 1976, they were arrested and convicted of insurance fraud and was subsequently arrested and acquitted of strong-arming an acquaintance over a gambling debt. In 1977, they were arrested in a mail-billing scheme and convicted. They were sentenced to three years for the two convictions. Rizzitello quickly moved up in the L.A. family and was promoted to caporegime by acting boss Jimmy Fratianno a year later, in 1977.
In 1977, Rizzitello was charged with extortion and filing a false insurance claim. Rizzitello pleaded no contest on May 2, 1977 to one count of insurance fraud. A second grand theft charge was dismissed. On May 22, 1977 they were sentenced to serve 2 to 3 years in state prison, but was allowed to remain free after a $20,000 bond was secured. Rizzitello had quickly become well respected, and was a large cash earner for the L.A. family. In 1977, the Chicago Outfit sent Rizzitello to pressure casino owner Moe Dalitz into giving the Outfit $1,000,000. However, the FBI was tipped off by new informant Jimmy Fratianno, and they intervened in the extortion incident. In 1978 mob boss Dominic Brooklier had tried to get Rizzitello to set up the murder of Jimmy Fratianno. Fratianno later turned state's evidence and testified against many of their fellow mobsters. Rizzitello was later put on trial for conspiring with Fratianno to attempt to kill a government witness for Pennsylvania crime boss Russell Bufalino, but was acquitted.
In November 1980, Rizzitello was convicted of racketeering and extortion, and sentenced two months later to five years in prison. They were released from prison in 1986, they were put on trial again on charges that they and others tried to defraud a Montana firm in a fraudulent transfer of stock. They were acquitted. In 1987, they were put on trial again; this time charged with trying to market $1 million in stolen bonds. For the third straight time they were acquitted, using attorney Anthony Brooklier, the son of L.A. Mafia boss Dominic Brooklier, as their attorney. Jimmy Fratianno wrote extensively about their working relationship and friendship with Rizzitello in their best selling book about the Los Angeles mob, The Last Mafioso.
When Rizzitello was released from prison in early 1986, Peter Milano had become the new boss of the Los Angeles crime family. While Milano and Rizzitello had worked together in the 1970s, they now had a distant relationship. Rizzitello then went to the Gambino crime family in New York City to seek permission to start their own crime family in California, but it never came to be. However, they were able to run an independent crew under Milano's family. Rizzitello worked closely with and mob mentored Anthony Fiato in the 1980s, before Fiato secretly decided to cooperate with the FBI. In 1988, Rizzitello was blacklisted from every casino in Las Vegas due to their involvement in crime and specifically illegal gambling in the city.
Conspiracy to commit murder
On May 1, 1987, Rizzitello and Joey Grosso attacked William Carroll, the chief financier for the Mustang Club in Santa Ana, over an extorted money dispute. In an empty parking garage in Costa Mesa, Carroll survived three shots to the back of their head, which left them permanently blind. A month later, Rizzitello was returned to federal prison for a parole violation—associating with known criminals. In October 1988, Carroll named Rizzitello and Grosso as their attackers.
Defended again by attorney Anthony Brooklier, Rizzitello was sentenced on April 20, 1990, to a total of 33 years in prison; 25 years for conspiracy to commit first-degree murder, three years for great bodily injury to Carroll, two years for use of a firearm, and three more because Rizzitello was a convicted felon with a firearm.
Terminally ill, Rizzitello died of complications of cancer at the age of 78, on October 26, 2005, in Palm Springs, California. They were still in custody at the time of their death. Rizzitello was interred at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Cathedral City, California.
References
1927 births
2005 deaths
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
Canadian gangsters of Sicilian descent
American people convicted of fraud
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery (Cathedral City)
Mafia extortionists
Los Angeles crime family
People convicted of racketeering
People acquitted of racketeering
American people convicted of murder
Criminals from Montreal
People from Palm Springs, California
Deaths from cancer in California
Canadian emigrants to the United States
2015 Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan) was the 30th edition of the Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan) which took place over six stages, between 28 May and 2 June 2015 in Iranian Azerbaijan. The race was won by Iranian rider Samad Pourseyedi.
Schedule
Stages
Stage 1
28 May 2015 — Tabriz to Meshginshahr,
Stage 2
29 May 2015 — Sareyn to Tabriz,
Stage 3
30 May 2015 — Tabriz to Urmia,
Stage 4
31 May 2015 — Urmia to Aras Free Zone,
Stage 5
1 June 2015 — Aras Free Zone to Ayenehlu,
Stage 6
2 June 2015 — Tabriz to Tabriz,
Final standings
General and Asian rider classifications
Points classification
Mountains classification
Teams classification
References
External links
videos of 2015 Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan)
Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan)
Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan)
The 1936 National Challenge Cup was the annual open cup held by the United States Football Association now known as the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. This edition featured the fifth of six consecutive final appearances for Alex McNab's team. The Shamrocks not participating in their local league that year were playing inter city matches with top competition primarily from Cleveland, Chicago and Detroit. One of their only losses during the season was to Heidelberg, eventual Western Final opponents of the Shamrocks. Early in the season Heidelberg took the first game of a three-game set, the second match ended in a draw and McNab's men evened up the series by pulling out a victory in the third game. Both teams eventually made their way to the Western Final, Heidelberg led by the lone scorer for the USA at the 1934 World Cup Aldo Donelli. The Shamrocks with their World Cup veterans including William Lehman, Billy Gonsalves, Werner Nilsen, and Bert Patenaude overcame the Pennsylvanians with a 3-2 aggregate over two games. The final showcased still further US nationals. The Philadelphia German-Americans roster boasted a quartet of their own including Bill Fiedler, Al Harker, Peter Pietras, and Francis Ryan. After a two all draw in the first leg of the final in St. Louis, Philly took home the trophy by blanking the Shamrocks 3–0 in the second leg.
Eastern Division
Western Division
a) aggregate after three games
Final
First game
Second game
Sources
St. Louis Post-Dispatch
U.S. Open Cup
Nat
Lieutenant General Sir John Colquhoun Grant (177220 December 1835) was a British soldier.
Military career
Sir Colquhoun Grant joined the 36th Foot as an ensign in 1793, exchanging (some years later) to the cavalry (25th Light Dragoons), with which they served at Seringapatam, but returning to the infantry in 1802 to command the 72nd Foot, which they led for six years. In 1806, at the head of their regiment they joined Sir David Baird's expedition to the Cape of Good Hope and on 8January was wounded in action against the Batavian army at the Battle of Blaauwberg. On announcing the victory of the British in despatches Baird remarked: "Your lordship will perceive the name of Lt.-Col. Grant among the wounded ; but the heroic spirit of this officer was not subdued by their misfortune, and they continued to lead their men to glory as long as an enemy was opposed to the 72nd Regt."
They exchanged to the 15th Hussars in 1808, and took part in Sir John Moore's expedition to the Peninsular, being wounded at Sahagún fighting the French. They returned to Spain in January 1813, in command of a cavalry brigade, which saw action at the Battle of Morales. They continued to serve in this capacity, with one interruption, until the end of the Peninsular campaign. Wellington was less than impressed with the performance of Grant's hussar brigade at the Battle of Vitoria and Grant was eventually replaced in command. However, Grant's political influence meant that they soon returned to the Peninsular to take over command of the light dragoon brigade of Robert Ballard Long. They were appointed KCB in 1814. At Waterloo, Grant commanded the 5th Cavalry Brigade, consisting of the 7th and 15th Hussars with the 13th Light Dragoons attached, which was stationed in the centre of the allied position; during the battle they had five horses shot under him. Grant was promoted to lieutenant-general in 1830, and they served as a Tory Member of Parliament (MP) for the rotten borough of Queenborough from 1831 until the borough was disenfranchised under the Reform Act 1832.
Grant was a groom of the bedchamber to Prince Ernest Augustus, Duke of Cumberland, later King of Hanover. They were reputed to have been the strongest man in the British Army, and was given the nickname "The Black Giant." They were appointed colonel of the 12th (The Prince of Wales's) Royal Regiment of (Light) Dragoons (Lancers) in 1825. They transferred to the 15th (The King's) Regiment of (Light) Dragoons (Hussars) in 1827, succeeding the Duke of Cumberland, a post they held until their death.
Personal life
Grant died in 1835. They had married Marcia, daughter of the Reverend J. Richards, of Long Bredy, Dorset. Their only surviving child, Marcia, eloped with Whig politician Richard Brinsley Sheridan in May 1835.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
1764 births
1835 deaths
British Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Tory MPs (pre-1834)
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Queenborough
UK MPs 1831–1832
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Recipients of the Waterloo Medal
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
Knights Third Class of the Military Order of William
12th Royal Lancers officers
15th The King's Hussars officers
A Sano shunt is a shunt from the right ventricle to the pulmonary circulation.
In contrast to a Blalock–Taussig shunt, circulation is primarily in systole.
It is sometimes used as the first step in a Norwood procedure.
This procedure was pioneered by the Japanese Cardiothoracic Surgeon, Shunji Sano (b.1953) in 2003.
References
Cardiac surgery
Alice is a compilation album of recordings by Italian singer-songwriter Alice, released by EMI Music in 1986.
The Alice compilation was released in Continental Europe and Scandinavia in early 1986 after the commercial success of the 1984 Eurovision Song Contest entry "I treni di Tozeur", a duet with singer and composer Franco Battiato, and the following tribute album Gioielli rubati - Alice canta Battiato in 1985, including hit single "Prospettiva Nevski"; the cover picture is in fact from the same photo sessions as for the Gioielli Rubati album. The collection, which was the first career retrospective and also compact disc release with Alice, comprises material from their first four studio albums for the EMI label, Capo Nord (1980), Alice (also known as Per Elisa, 1981), Azimut (1982) and Falsi allarmi (1983), including hit singles "Il vento caldo dell'estate", "Per Elisa", "Una notte speciale", "Messaggio" and "Notte a Roma" and the set opens with their first duet with Franco Battiato, 1982's "Chan-son Egocentrique".
The Alice compilation is not to be confused with a similar eponymously titled compilation, first released by CGD/Warner Music in 1984.
Track listing
"Chan-son Egocentrique" (duet with Franco Battiato) (Franco Battiato, Francesco Messina, Tommaso Tramonti) – 3:52
From 1982 album Azimut
"Azimut" (Alice) – 3:44
From 1982 album Azimut
"La mano" (Alice) – 5:35
From 1982 album Azimut
"A cosa pensano" (Francesco Messina, Alice) – 3:42
From 1982 album Azimut
"Messaggio" (Alice, Albert Kui (pseudonym for Franco Battiato), Giusto Pio) – 3:46
From 1982 album Azimut
"Principessa" (Alice) – 4:28
From 1982 album Azimut
"Il vento caldo dell'estate" (Franco Battiato, Giusto Pio, Francesco Messina, Alice) – 3:34
From 1980 album Capo Nord
"Una sera di Novembre" (Alice) – 3:03
From 1980 album Capo Nord
"Solo un'idea" (Alice, Matteo Fasolino, Alice) – 4:16
From 1983 album Falsi allarmi
"Il profumo del silenzio" (Alice, Matteo Fasolino, Alice) – 4:32
From 1983 album Falsi allarmi
"Notte a Roma" (Alice) – 4:22
From 1983 album Falsi allarmi
"La canzone più bella" (Alice, Matteo Fasolino, Alice) – 5:07
From 1983 album Falsi allarmi
"Per Elisa" (Franco Battiato, Giusto Pio, Alice) – 3:40
From 1981 album Alice
"Una notte speciale" (Alice, Franco Battiato, Giusto Pio) – 4:14
From 1981 album Alice
Sources and external links
Rateyourmusic.com entry
Alicewebsite.it discography entry
External links
1986 greatest hits albums
Alice (singer) albums
EMI Records compilation albums
Italian-language compilation albums
Ascent is an American literary magazine that publishes stories, poems, and essays, many of which are later reprinted in annual anthologies. The journal is based at Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota.
The journal was founded in 1975 at the University of Illinois by Daniel Curley. In 1996, essayist and English scholar W. Scott Olsen became the editor-in-chief. The journal moved to an online format in 2010, where it would reach a wider audience for its award-winning authors.
Recent notable contributors include Victoria Anderson, Jacob M. Appel, Karen Brown, Peter Chilson, Leo Damrosch, Philip Heldrich, Michael Martone, Sarah Baker Michalak and Marjorie Stelmach.
See also
List of literary magazines
Notes
External links
Ascent Web site
Defunct literary magazines published in the United States
American literature websites
Concordia College (Moorhead, Minnesota)
Magazines established in 1975
Magazines disestablished in 2010
Magazines published in Illinois
Magazines published in Minnesota
Online literary magazines published in the United States
Online magazines with defunct print editions
Brothers Conflict is an anime television series produced by Brain's Base and directed by Atsushi Matsumoto. The romantic comedy follows the misadventures of Ema Hinata who is the daughter of the famous adventurer Rintarō Hinata. One day, Ema finds out that their dad is going to remarry with a successful apparel maker named Miwa Asahina. Rather than bothering them, they decide to move into the Sunrise Residence complex that is owned by Miwa. From there, they discover that they have 13 step-brothers.
Episode list
Brothers Conflict
Brothers Conflict Episode 12.5
Brothers Conflict OVA Episode 2
Brothers Conflict OVA Episode 1
Reeve Island () is an island 1.5 nautical miles long, lying between Knight and Friar islands in the Wauwermans Islands, in the Wilhelm Archipelago. Shown on an Argentine government chart of 1950. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1958 after one of the characters in Chaucer's Canterbury Tales.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Wilhelm Archipelago
The black-headed woodpecker (Picus erythropygius) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It typically inhabits deciduous and coniferous forests and is found in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Description
The black-headed woodpecker is a medium-sized bird at around 33cm tall and 100-135g. Adult birds have very distinct plumage and have a black face, yellow throat, green wings, a red lower back, and a white stomach. They also have white/yellow eyes and some individuals have a thin white line from their eye to their neck. Males have a red crown, while females have a completely black crown with no red. Juveniles are less pigmented than adults and juvenile males have fewer red crown feathers on their head.
Taxonomy
The black-headed woodpecker is a member of the woodpecker family Picidae and the genus Picus. They have been considered to be most closely related to the European green woodpecker (P. viridis) and the grey-headed woodpecker (P. canus). However, recent studies have challenged this original phylogenetic relationship.
Subspecies
There are two recognized subspecies of the black-headed woodpecker:
Picus erythropygius nigrigenis (Hume, 1874) - Myanmar and Northwest-West Thailand. This subspecies is more commonly found and can be identified by its black bill.
Picus erythropygius erythropygius (Elliot, 1865) - Northeast Thailand and Indochina. This subspecies has a white bill, as opposed to a black one.
Distribution and habitat
Black-headed woodpeckers are found in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam. They are most commonly found in the mid-story and sub-canopy of deciduous and coniferous forests. They usually prefer dry dipterocarp forests, semi-evergreen forests, riverine forests, and savanna forests. They are also resident birds.
Behaviour and ecology
Diet
Black-headed woodpeckers, like most woodpeckers, are insectivorous and glean insects on the bark of trees. They most commonly consume termites, but they also eat ants and other insects and invertebrates.
Vocalization
Their song is a loud series of yelps that sound similar to laughing. These yelps ("ka-tek-a-tek-a-tek-a-tek" or "cha-cha-cha, cha-cha-cha") are rapidly repeated and the first note is emphasized.
Reproduction
Little is known about their reproduction, but they reproduce between February-June and nest within trees. They also have around 3-4 eggs. In a wildlife sanctuary in Chiang Mai, their nests were occupied in May.
Flocks
Black-headed woodpeckers are usually found in groups with other bird species. These bird waves consist of larger flock sizes, which allow birds to worry less about predators and spend more time foraging. Black-headed woodpeckers are typically found in flocks with white-crested laughingthrushes (Garrulax leucolophus), lesser necklaced laughingthrushes (Garrulax monileger), and greater racket-tailed drongos (Dicrurus paradiseus). In these flocks, black-headed woodpeckers, along with the other birds, produce alarm calls when predators approach.
Parasites
The black-headed woodpecker is vulnerable to many parasites, including avian haemoproteid parasite, Haemoproteus bennetti, which has been detected in its blood. They are also susceptible to Picidae-specific parasites, including chewing lice, Picicola roberti, and quill mites, Picobia heeri, which inhabit the feather quills.
Status and Conservation
The black-headed woodpecker is currently classified as the least concern, but populations are decreasing. This is mostly due to habitat destruction caused by human settlement and agricultural fields.
In 2003, the black-headed woodpecker was declared a protected wildlife species by the Thai government. The species is also found in many wildlife sanctuaries across Thailand.
References
External links
Black-headed woodpecker audio. Macaulay Library - The Cornell Lab of Ornithology.
black-headed woodpecker
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Cambodia
Birds of Laos
black-headed woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rip Point () is a point on Nelson Island forming the south side of the east entrance to Fildes Strait, in the South Shetland Islands. The name appears on a British Admiralty chart showing the results of a survey by DI personnel on the Discovery II in 1935.
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Headlands of Antarctica
Desisa lunulatoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1968.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1968
Rissoellidae are a family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.
Rissoellidae is the only family within the superfamily Rissoelloidea in the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Genera
Genera within the family Rissoellidae include:
Cythnia Carpenter, 1864
Rissoella Gray, 1847 - synonyms: Heterorissoa Iredale, 1912; Jeffreysia Alder [in Forbes & Hanley], 1850
References
External links
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
ZipCodeZoo
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Mount Kaschak is a peak, high, standing west of Gambacorta Peak in the southern Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica. It was mapped from the United States Geological Survey surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1956 to 1966, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for John P. Kaschak, an aviation machinist at Ellsworth Station during the winter of 1958.
References
Mountains of Queen Elizabeth Land
Pensacola Mountains
Larissa Muldoon (born 11 March 1991), from Ballybofey, Co Donegal, is a rugby union player for Railway Union, Ulster rugby and the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Them first sport was ladies gaelic football which they played for Donegal at Under-14 and Under-16 level.
They made their debut for the Ireland women's rugby union team at the age of 19, just two years after taking up the sport.
They played for Ulster's U18s and seniors first and their selection for Ireland was prompted by the Cardiff Metropolitan University who sent a video of them in action to the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Muldoon was a member of the Ireland team that won its first ever Six Nations and Grand Slam in 2013 and also a member when they won the 2015 Women's Six Nations.
They also represented at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup held in France where they had a historic victory over New Zealand's Black Ferns and finished fourth.
They played for Ireland at the 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.
In 2021 they were selected at scrum-half in the Irish women's Team of the Decade by the Front Row Union website. They have amassed 48 caps for the Ireland women's rugby union team but was unavailable for selection in 2021 due to injury.
Muldoon obtained a Masters in Sports Management and Leadership from Cardiff Metropolitan University.  They are a qualified teacher and coach. They worked as a Gaelic Games Development Officer for Dublin GAA in 2017 but, since late 2018, has worked fulltime as a Development Officer for Leinster Rugby, specialising in promoting the game for girls and women.
References
External links
Irish Rugby Profile
1991 births
Living people
Irish female rugby union players
Ireland women's international rugby union players
Irish expatriates in England
Irish schoolteachers
Rugby union players from County Donegal
Ireland international women's rugby sevens players
Irish Exiles women's rugby union players
Railway Union rugby union players
Maloma is a town in southeastern Eswatini. It is located about 15 kilometres south-west of Sithobela.
Maloma is the site of Eswatini's only commercially productive mine, an anthracite coal mine that began operations in 1993.
References
Populated places in Eswatini
The Bangladesh Karate Federation is the national federation for karate and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. Dr Md Mozammel Haque Khan, a commissioner of Anti-Corruption Commission, is the President of Bangladesh Karate Federation. Kyaw Shwe Hla is the Secretary General of the Bangladesh Karate Federation.
History
The Bangladesh Karate Federation was established in 1972 as the Bangladesh Judo and Karate Federation. Bangladesh Judo and Karate Federation divided into two, Bangladesh Karate Federation and Bangladesh Judo Federation, in 2001 by Lieutenant General M Harun-Ar-Rashid.
Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers sent Nonka, a karate player, to work with Bangladesh Karate Federation to develop karate in Bangladesh. Mitsuito Yoshido served as the coach of Bangladesh Karate Federation. In 1982, the federation held the first National Karate Championships in Bangladesh. In the 2000s, JICA stopped providing coaches and supporting the karate federation.
References
Karate in Bangladesh
Karate organizations
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Karate
Organisations based in Dhaka
Bryan Park may refer to several places in the United States:
Bryan Park (Downsville, Louisiana), a public park in Downsville, Louisiana
Bryan Park (Miami), a neighborhood in Miami, Florida
Bryan Park (Richmond, Virginia), a public park in Richmond, Virginia
Bryan Park, Delaware, a place in Delaware
Bryan Park (Omaha, Nebraska), a park in Omaha, Nebraska
Bryan Park (Greensboro, North Carolina)
Shelagyote Peak is the highest mountain in the Sicintine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada, located at the head of Barger Creek. It has a very large prominence of , created by the Shelagyote Pass.
References
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Skeena Mountains
Cassiar Land District
The men's shot put event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 12 June in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Shot put at the African Championships in Athletics
At the 1900 Summer Olympics, an association football tournament was contested for the first time. Only two matches were held between the three club sides, and no medals were awarded.
France's representatives were determined by the USFSA, which elected the Parisian champion Club Français. For Belgium, after Racing Club de Bruxelles declined to participate, a student selection with players from the Université libre de Bruxelles was sent by the Federation. The team was reinforced with a few non-students. On the other hand, English club Upton Park F.C. represented Great Britain.
The International Olympic Committee credits Great Britain, France and a "Mixed Team" with gold, silver and bronze medals, respectively, as part of its attempt to reconcile early Olympic Games with the modern award scheme. The Belgian team included one British and one Dutch player.
The football matches were held at the Vélodrome de Vincennes in Paris.
Competition schedule
The match schedule of the tournament.
Venue
Squads
Matches
In the first game, the British squad had little difficulty defeating the USFSA XI. Upton Park led 2–0 after the first half, getting two more goals in the second to win 4–0. Gaston Peltier scored in the first minute to give the USFSA XI an early lead, but Université de Bruxelles scored twice to take a 2–1 first half lead. The French scored five goals in the second half, however, to take the match 6–2.
|}
|}
Final ranking
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
See also
List of Olympic medalists in football
References
football
1900
1900
1900
Olympics
Olympics
Olympics
Olympics
Rtari is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 204 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The 1951–52 New York Knicks season was the sixth season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks finished third in the Eastern Division with a 37–29 record, and advanced to the NBA Playoffs for the sixth consecutive season.
In the first round of the Eastern Division playoffs, the Knicks defeated the Boston Celtics in a best-of-three series, two games to one, to move on to the Eastern Division Finals. New York won 3–1 in a best-of-five series with the Syracuse Nationals to reach its second straight NBA Finals. In the Finals, the Knicks lost to the Minneapolis Lakers in seven games.
NBA draft
Note: This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Regular season
Season standings
x = clinched playoff spot
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Playoffs
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| March 19
| @ Boston
| L 94–105
| Max Zaslofsky (20)
| Dick McGuire (7)
| Boston Garden
| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2
| March 23
| Boston
| W 101–97
| Connie Simmons (22)
| Dick McGuire (7)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 3
| March 26
| @ Boston
| W 88–87 (2OT)
| Max Zaslofsky (21)
| Dick McGuire (9)
| Boston Garden
| 2–1
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| April 2
| @ Syracuse
| W 87–85
| Max Zaslofsky (26)
| Onondaga War Memorial
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| April 3
| @ Syracuse
| L 92–102
| Harry Gallatin (16)
| Onondaga War Memorial
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 3
| April 5
| Syracuse
| W 99–92
| Max Zaslofsky (20)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 2–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4
| April 6
| Syracuse
| W 100–93
| Max Zaslofsky (20)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 3–1
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| April 12
| @ Minneapolis
| L 79–83 (OT)
| Simmons, McGuire (15)
| Nat Clifton (12)
| Dick McGuire (5)
| St. Paul Auditorium8,722
| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2
| April 13
| @ Minneapolis
| W 80–72
| Harry Gallatin (18)
| Harry Gallatin (11)
| Dick McGuire (5)
| St. Paul Auditorium
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| April 16
| Minneapolis
| L 77–82
| Max Zaslofsky (17)
| Nat Clifton (10)
| Dick McGuire (10)
| 69th Regiment Armory4,500
| 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4
| April 18
| Minneapolis
| W 90–89 (OT)
| Connie Simmons (30)
| Nat Clifton (12)
| Dick McGuire (6)
| 69th Regiment Armory5,200
| 2–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 5
| April 20
| @ Minneapolis
| L 89–102
| Nat Clifton (17)
| Clifton, Gallatin (8)
| six players tied (1)
| St. Paul Auditorium7,244
| 2–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 6
| April 23
| Minneapolis
| W 76–68
| Max Zaslofsky (23)
| Harry Gallatin (13)
| Ernie Vandeweghe (7)
| 69th Regiment Armory3,000
| 3–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 7
| April 25
| @ Minneapolis
| L 65–82
| Max Zaslofsky (21)
| Nat Clifton (10)
| Nat Clifton (3)
| Minneapolis Auditorium8,612
| 3–4
|-
Player statistics
Awards and records
Transactions
See also
1951–52 NBA season
References
External links
1951–52 New York Knickerbockers Statistics
New York Knicks
New York Knicks season
New York Knicks
New York Knicks seasons
1950s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Jonas Nainys (born June 25, 1983, Pasvalys, Lithuania), better known by their stage name DJ Jovani, is a Lithuanian music producer, radio and TV host.
Background
Early life and career
Jonas Nainys was born on 25 June 1983 in Pasvalys. They attended Petras Vileišis school in Pasvalys. They enrolled in Vilnius University Šiauliai Academy and earned a bachelor's degree in Philosophy. In 1998, Nainys made their debut appearance as a DJ at a school event. In 2003, they began performing at several nightclubs. After that, Nainys started their broadcasting career on the popular local radio station, Saulės Radijas.
In 2006, they first gained fame through their appearance in LNK reality show Lith. Ideali pora and won it. Jonas Nainys hosted the Jovani At Club program that focussed on nightlife and nightclub culture. During this program, Jonas interviewed many famous musicians such as Fedde Le Grand, Funkerman, Tiësto, David Guetta, James Zabiela and many others. Soon after, Jonas Nainys landed a job as a host at the radio station ZIP FM. In 2007, they co-founded the Radistai DJs, a musical group and event management firm, with Rolandas Mackeviius.
In 2013, Nainys released the music album On Air, which they recorded in collaboration with Vaidas Baumila, Justinas Jarutis, Linas Adomaitis, and others. It contained a total of 13 dance tracks, and 15,000 copies were sold in Lithuania. Radistai released their second album On Road, after a three-year hiatus, which likewise sold 15,000 copies. One song of this album Good Things was noticed by American record label Warner Music and released under their name. They also started organizing arena events in 2013.
In 2017, they nominated for Electronic Act of the Year award at the Music Association Awards of the Year.
Radistai celebrated Christmas 2019 at the Žalgiris Arena. Performers such as Vaidas Baumila, Justinas Jarutis, Mantas Wizard, Donatas Montvydas, Monika Linkytė, Flying Saucer Gang, Mad Money, and many others performed at these events.
In 2019, Radistai launched the Inconvenient Questions show (Lith. Nepatogūs klausimai). The show is broadcast by the news portal Delfi.lt and many famous Lithuanian personalities have appeared on the show.
Notable shows
M.A.M.A. awards event, 2012.
M.A.M.A. awards event, 2014.
Season four of Lietuvos balsas, 2015.
First season of the LNK show Women vs Men (Lith. Moterys prieš vyrus), 2015.
LNK show Good One! (Lith. Čia tai geras!), 2017.
Second season of the show Women vs Men (Lith. Moterys prieš vyrus), 2017.
References
Only a small portion of the content in this page is based on the Lithuanian version.
Living people
1983 births
Lithuanian television presenters
Vilnius University Šiauliai Academy alumni
People from Pasvalys
An-Nur Great Mosque is a mosque located in Pekanbaru, Riau, Indonesia. Construction began in 1963 and was completed in 1968. The mosque can accommodate about 4,500 worshipers. It is one of the largest mosques in Indonesia. The mosque has influences from various architectural styles: Malay, Turkish, Arabic and Indian.
History
The mosque was finished on 20 October 1968. It was inaugurated by Arifin Ahmad, the Governor of Riau. In 2000, it was renovated during the time of Governor Saleh Djasit, with its area tripled from 4 hectares to 12.6 hectares. Due to the renovation, football stadium Hang Tuah was demolished.
The mosque was once a campus for the Faculty of Usul al-Din State Institute of Islamic studies (IAIN) Sultan Syarif Kasim Pekabaru from its founding until 1973. IAIN Sultan Syarif Kasim State Islamic University is now the Sultan Syarif Kasim (UIN SUSKA) Pekanbaru.
Architecture
Architecturally, An-Nur is similar to the Taj Mahal. The mosque was designed by IR. Roseno. The building consists of three floors; the top level is used for prayer and the lower level for offices and meeting rooms. The upper part consists of large rooms and a Hall. Downstairs is the Secretariat of the Board and classroom space. The building is equipped with escalators connecting floors one and two.
See also
Indonesian architecture
Islamic architecture
Islam in Indonesia
List of mosques in Indonesia
References
Mosques in Indonesia
Buildings and structures in Riau
Mosques completed in 1968
Katharine, Catherine or Kate Johnson (or similar) may refer to:
People
Arts
Katharine McMahon Johnson (1855–1924), American literary figure and wife of Robert Underwood Johnson
Katie Johnson (English actor) (1878–1957)
Kate Edelman Johnson (born in 1893 ), American film and television producer and philanthropist
Kathie Lee Johnson (born 1953), American singer and television personality
Catherine Johnson (playwright) (born 1957), English playwright
Catherine Johnson (novelist) (born 1962), English author
Katy Johnson (born 1978), American beauty pageant winner, Miss Vermont 1999
Kate Johnson (writer) (born 1982), English author
Kate Lang Johnson (born 1984), American actor and model
Katie Johnson (American actor) (born 1986), American model and actor
Sports
Kathy Johnson (born 1959), American artistic gymnast
Kathryn Johnson (field hockey, born 1963), Canadian field hockey player
Kathryn Johnson (field hockey, born 1967), English field hockey player
Kate Johnson (rower) (born 1978), American rower
Kathryn Johnson (rugby union) (born 1991), American rugby player
Others
Catherine Johnson (scientist), planetary scientist
Kathryn Magnolia Johnson (1878–1954), educator and political activist
Katherine Johnson (1918–2020), American physicist, space scientist, and mathematician
Katie Johnson (secretary) (born 1981), American assistant to President Obama
Characters
Katherine Johnson, a character in Jack Higgins' novel Day of Reckoning
Other uses
S. S. Katherine Johnson, an NG-OA Cygnus cargo space capsule used on ISS mission Cygnus NG-15
USS Catherine Johnson (SP-390), American ship built in 1913; scrapped in 1932
See also
Katie Johnson (disambiguation)
Kathy Johnson (disambiguation)
Katarina Johnson-Thompson (born 1993), English track and field athlete
Katrina Johnson (born 1982), American actor
Katrina McClain Johnson (born 1965), American basketball player
Louisa Catherine Johnson (1775–1852), American First Lady and wife of John Quincy Adams
Kathrine Johnsen (1917–2002), Norwegian broadcaster considered the mother of Sámi radio
Kathryn Johnston (disambiguation)
Johnson (disambiguation)
Alexander Township is a township in Benton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Alexander Township was formed on February 13, 1838, taking its name from Judge George Alexander, who settled on Turkey Creek in 1832.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County, Missouri
Olivella is a municipality in Catalonia, in the province of Barcelona, Spain. It is situated in the comarca of Garraf.
History
The first known village in the area was founded in 992 around a castle known as Castell vell. The inhabitants lived off dryland agriculture.
This initial nucleus was almost abandoned after the black plague caused numerous deaths.
The area was resettled in the 14th century and gradually prospered.
Nowadays there are some new housing developments in the area as well as the "Sakya Tashi Ling". Buddhist monastery, located in Plana Novella.
Geography
The village is located in the Garraf Massif, in a natural park area, not far from Barcelona.
References
External links
Olivella official website
Government data pages
Municipalities in Garraf
Steven Reid (born July 27, 1936) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Senior PGA Tour.
Reid was born in Santa Barbara, California. Reid defeated Gary Player on the second extra hole in a playoff at the 1968 Azalea Open Invitational for their first and only PGA Tour win. Their best finish in a major was T-26 at the 1968 PGA Championship.
Professional wins (1)
PGA Tour wins (1)
PGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
References
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Golfers from California
Sportspeople from Santa Barbara, California
People from Rutherfordton, North Carolina
1936 births
Living people
Remarkable Creatures may refer to:
Remarkable Creatures, a novel by Tracy Chevalier
Remarkable Creatures, a book and monthly New York Times column by Sean B. Carroll
Eugen York (26 November 1912 – 18 November 1991) was a German film director. They directed 35 films between 1938 and 1984. They were born in Rybinsk, Russian Empire and died in Berlin, Germany.
Selected filmography
Film
Morituri (1948)
The Last Night (1949)
Shadows in the Night (1950)
Blondes for Export (1950)
(1950)
The Allure of Danger (1950)
Das Fräulein von Scuderi (1955)
A Heart Returns Home (1956)
The Heart of St. Pauli (1957)
The Copper (1958)
Man in the River (1958)
(1958)
Murderer in the Fog (1964)
(1977)
Television
Das Sparschwein (1952)
Aufruhr (1960) — based on the play Disturbance by Hugh Forbes
Polly liebt nur Kapitäne (1963)
Haus der Schönheit (1963) — based on the play Pariser Platz 13 by Vicki Baum
(1964–1966, TV series, 26 episodes)
Sechs Stunden Angst (1964) — based on the novel Six heures d'angoisse by
(1966) — based on a radio play by
Spätsommer (1966) — based on the novel Altersschwach by
Das kleine Teehaus (co-director: Paul Martin, 1967) — based on The Teahouse of the August Moon
(1967–1968, TV series, 8 episodes)
Der Tag, an dem die Kinder verschwanden (1967) — based on The Day the Children Vanished by Hugh Pentecost
(1969–1970, TV series, 12 episodes)
(1969, TV series, 6 episodes)
Der Opernball (1971) — based on Der Opernball
Kennzeichen Rosa Nelke (1971, TV series, 6 episodes)
Ball im Savoy (1971) — based on Ball im Savoy
(1973) — based on Paganini
Gräfin Mariza (1974) — based on Countess Maritza
Madame Pompadour (1974) — based on Madame Pompadour
Glückliche Reise (1975) — based on
Viktoria und ihr Husar (1975) — based on Viktoria und ihr Husar
Frau Luna (1975) — based on
Hatschi! (1979)
Und plötzlich bist du draußen (1981)
(co-director: Rolf von Sydow, 1982)
Ein Fall für zwei: Zwielicht (1983, TV series episode)
Ein Fall für zwei: Herr Pankratz, bitte! (1983, TV series episode)
Ein Fall für zwei: Chemie eines Mordes (1984, TV series episode)
References
External links
1912 births
1991 deaths
People from Rybinsk
German mass media people
German film directors
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Germany
Kolorah High School is a school located at Kolorah Howrah, India. This is a Bengali medium school and is affiliated to the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education for Madhyamik Pariksha (10th Board exams), and to the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for Higher Secondary Examination (12th Board exams). The school was founded in 1907.
See also
Education in India
List of schools in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
High schools and secondary schools in West Bengal
Schools in Howrah district
Educational institutions established in 1907
1907 establishments in India
Erna Witoelar (born 6 February 1947) is an Indonesian politician who was Minister of Human Settlements and Regional Development from 1996 to 2001.
Life
Dr. Andi Erna Anastasjia Walinono was born in near Lake Tempe in 1947.
They have been a UN Special Ambassador for the Millennium Development Goals and they sit on the board of various international and Indonesian committees and the International Institute for Sustainable Development.  They are married to Rachmat Witoelar and they have three sons.
Witoelar is the former co-chair of Earth Charter International Council.
References
1947 births
Living people
Indonesian politicians
Politicians from South Sulawesi
The Panamerican Karate Federation (PKF) is the governing body of sport karate of about 37 countries of national karate federation in the Americas. The PKF was founded in 1975 with original name PUKO (Panamerican Union of Karate Organization) with 13 countries founder the PUKO in Long Beach, California, USA, and in 1995 it officially changes the name to Panamerican Karate Federation. PKF is duly recognized by the World Karate Federation, the largest international governing body of sport karate with over 130 member countries. It is the only karate organization recognised by the International Olympic Committee and has more than ten million members. The PKF organized juniors and seniors Championship in many countries in Panamerica and participates in WKF World Karate Championships. The President of the PKF is William Millerson.
History of PKF
The PUKO was founded in October 1975. The foundation act took place in the room “Mayfair” the Queen Hotel Mary in Long Beach, California. The countries founders were Argentina, Bermuda, Canada, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Dominican Republic, Trinidad and Tobago, the United States and Venezuela.
This first Championship of the PUKO was organized in the island of Curaçao on 1–3 May 1981, with the participation of 10 countries. It is remarkable that William Millerson was the organizer of the championship, was trainer and coach of their team, as well as they were competing. And it gained to Billy Blanks in the end of the category +80 kg to him.
During the Pan-American championship of 1990 in Niteroi, Brazil, was where several countries of the South America, like Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Uruguay, began to participate very actively in the championships of the PUKO. In 1991 there was a participation record of 26 countries, in the organized Pan-American Championship in Curaçao.
The Karate participate for the first time in the Central American and Caribbean Games in 1993 in Ponce, Puerto Rico and for the first time in the Pan-American Games in 1995 in Mar del Plata, Argentina. In 1995 during the Junior Pan-American Championship in Medellín, the new Statutes of the PUKO were approved and at the same time change the name of the organization to Panamerican Karate Federation P.K.F.
References
External links
Official website
World Karate Federation official website
List of the Recognized members
Sports organizations established in 1975
Karate organizations
Bruna Dias Furlan (born 28 April 1983) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer. They have spent their political career representing the São Paulo, having served as state representative since 2011.
Personal life
Furlan was born to Rubens Furlan and Sonia Dias. Them father is also a politician. Before becoming a politician Furlan worked as a lawyer. Furland is a member of the Christian Congregation in Brazil Pentecostal church. Furlan holds a master's degree from the Universidade Paulista (UNIP), and has post-graduate degrees in city management from Fundação Armando Alvares Penteado and in executive leadership from Harvard University in the United States.
Political career
At the age of 27, Furlan was the youngest representative elected in the 2010 Brazilian general election at the age of 27. Furlan was the vice-leader of the PSDB in the chamber of deputies from 2011 to 2016, and has been the leader if the party in the chamber since 2018.
Furlan voted for the impeachment motion of then-president Dilma Rousseff. Furlan voted in favor of the 2017 Brazilian labor reform, and they would vote against a corruption investigation into Rousseff's successor Michel Temer.
References
1983 births
Living people
People from São Paulo (state)
21st-century Brazilian lawyers
Brazilian Pentecostals
Members of the Christian Congregation (Pentecostal)
Brazilian Social Democracy Party politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Brazil) from São Paulo
Brazilian women in politics
21st-century Brazilian women politicians
21st-century Brazilian politicians
Novosibirsk Crematorium () is a funerary establishment located in the eastern suburb of Novosibirsk, Russia. One of the two crematoriums of the city. It was created by business person Sergey Yakushin. The crematory was opened in 2003.
The first private crematorium in Russia.
History
The crematorium opened in the summer of 2003.
On July 26, 2010, the virtual funeral was held in the crematorium, farewell ceremony to honor Stanislav Janusz Kolodejczyk, a famous Polish traveler who died while traveling along the Trans-Siberian Railway. An online funeral was organized for their relatives living in Poland and USA. Catholic priest Johann Cann performed the funeral rite in Polish. The ceremony was accompanied by chants of nuns from Poland. It was the first virtual burial ceremony in Russia.
Description
Alleys, sculptures, gazebos and other objects are located near the crematorium.
Several animal species inhabit here: Mongolian camel and squirrels.
The Museum of World Funeral Culture is located here. it is a member of the International Federation of Thanatologists Associations.
Two halls for a farewell ceremony, a room for dead bodies, an embalming room, a room with cremation equipment are located in the crematorium.
Farewell ceremony
It is possible to observe the process of burning the body, or leave before the moment of cremation. At the same time, the viewing room and the hall with stoves are specially separated from each other by bulletproof glass, because there is a danger of aberrant behavior of people in a state of severe psychological shock.
References
External links
Funeral business with a human face. Snob. Похоронный бизнес с человеческим лицом. Сноб. August 22, 2011.
Burial Culture: Rites or Faith? NGS.NOVOSTI. Культура захоронения: обряды или вера? НГС.НОВОСТИ. May 6, 2011.
Crematorium came up with a beautiful life. Pravda.Ru. Крематорий придумал красивую жизнь. Правда.Ру. June 8, 2011.
Death in Novosibirsk
Crematoria
2003 establishments in Russia
Dion Joseph Weisler (born 20 August 1967) is an Australian-born business person, and was the chief executive officer and president of HP Inc. from November 2015, when HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise split into separate companies, to November 2019.
Weisler has a bachelor's degree in computing from Monash University.  They are married with two children, and lives in Palo Alto, California. Weisler is a pilot who owns and flies a Pilatus PC-12.
On November 1, 2019, Weisler stepped down as chief executive officer and president of HP Inc due to "a family health matter".
References
1967 births
Living people
People from Palo Alto, California
Monash University alumni
American chief executives of Fortune 500 companies
Hewlett-Packard people
Australian expatriates in the United States
The 2016–17 Cool & Cool Present Jazz National T20 Cup was a Twenty20 domestic cricket competition held in Multan, Pakistan. It took place from 25 August to 16 September 2016, with eight teams competing instead of 18 in previous years. It was the thirteenth season of the National Twenty20 Cup in Pakistan.
Karachi Blues won the tournament, beating Karachi Whites by 3 runs in the final. However, they were not invited to defend their title the following year.
Squads
The following players were selected:
Points table
Team qualified for the Semi-finals
Fixtures
Round-robin
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
Pakistani cricket seasons from 2000–01
Domestic cricket competitions in 2016–17
2016 in Pakistani cricket
2016–17 National T20 Cup
The Crosman 2100B (Crosman 2100 Classic) is an American-made pneumatic air gun that is manufactured for small game hunting, large and small pest control, and target shooting.
Design overview
The 2100 Classic is manufactured with adjustable iron sights, but the 2100 Classic also has a dovetail rail for fitting a scope onto the gun. The materials are very basic:
Barrel: Rifled Steel
Stock: Synthetic
Forearm: Synthetic
Muzzle velocity:
pellet: 725 fps
BB: 755 fps
Also, for loading the magazine, there is a 17-shot magazine and a 200-round-capacity reservoir in the stock for BBs. Pellets are single shot only.
Operation
Like most air rifles, the 2100 has only one safety, located behind the trigger, but the 2100 also comes with a plastic trigger block to put behind the trigger when not in use, and is only operated by an included special key. To put the gun into a fire-ready mode, the operator must work the action fully open, whether or not a round will be fired, and then close the action fully. Before or after working the action, the operator has to work the air pump at least once to shoot the round, but like most multi-stroke pneumatic air rifles, three pumps is usually the minimum for firing a powerful round, depending on the distance the round is being fired. And most importantly, the safety must be OFF to fire.
Loading
In order to load the 2100, the Repeater Magazine spring must be pulled back and locked into its notch to keep it in place, and then, after loading the BB reservoir, shaking the rifle up and down or in a twisting motion until the magazine is fully loaded, and then snapping the magazine spring back into the normal position. Then, when the action is worked, the magnetic bolt automatically loads a round into the chamber. Working the action multiple times will put more ammunition into the barrel, but they will roll out of it because only the first round is magnetically held in place.
Legality
Even though most American States do not regard BB guns as firearms, some states' definition of firearms (i.e. Michigan) is misleading. Though they may consider .177 caliber spring, gas, or air BB guns not to be firearms, the usual definition is only limited to smooth-bore BB guns, so one should be careful handling BB guns openly as many airguns look very similar to actual weapons and can be mistaken as such by the police.
See also
Crosman
Crosman Nightstalker
References
Product Page
Crosman Online Store Page
External links
Manual
Complete Model 2100 Classic Owner's Manual
Images
Full Left-Side View
Thumbnail
Air guns of the United States
Katrina Bowden (born September 19, 1988) is an American actor.  They are best known for their roles as Cerie on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock (2006–2013) and as Flo Fulton on the CBS daytime soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful (2019–present). They have also appeared in the films Tucker & Dale vs. Evil, Sex Drive, Piranha 3DD, American Reunion, and Scary Movie 5.
Early life
Bowden was raised in Wyckoff, New Jersey. They attended the now-defunct Saint Thomas More School in Midland Park, New Jersey. They later attended Immaculate Heart Academy in Washington Township, New Jersey.
Career
In 2006, Bowden landed their first acting role in a two-episode arc on ABC's daytime soap opera One Life to Live as Britney. They have since guest-starred on shows such as Law & Order: Special Victims Unit and Ugly Betty. Bowden's breakthrough role came when they were cast as a recurring character on the Emmy Award-winning television series 30 Rock, which premiered on October 11, 2006 on NBC. They portrayed the attractive receptionist Cerie, and with the cast received seven Screen Actors Guild Award nominations and one win. They signed on as a regular for the show's second season in 2007, and appeared in the series through to its series finale in January 2013.
They appear in the music videos "Dance, Dance" by Fall Out Boy, as well as "After Hours" by We Are Scientists, and "Miss Jackson" by Panic! at the Disco.
In 2008, Bowden made their film debut in the Summit Entertainment comedy film Sex Drive, released to theaters on October 17, 2008. The following year, Bowden starred in two low-budget straight-to-DVD projects The Shortcut and Ratko: The Dictator's Son. In 2010 Bowden starred in the widely acclaimed horror-comedy film Tucker & Dale vs Evil as Allison. The film had a limited release and grossed over $4,749,516 and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. The film holds a 'fresh' rating of 85% on Rotten Tomatoes.
In April 2011, Bowden was voted as Esquire Magazines The Sexiest Woman Alive. They were also the face of the Jordache television campaign that made its premiere in September 2011. In April 2011, Universal Pictures announced that Bowden was cast as the role of Mia, an "L.A. party girl type", and girlfriend to Chris Klein's character, in the fourth installment of the American Pie film trilogy, American Reunion. The film was released on April 5, 2012 to mixed reviews but financial success. Also in 2012, Bowden appeared in the horror films Piranha 3DD, which was panned by critics, and Hold Your Breath, which received a limited theatrical release before being released to DVD. Bowden co-starred in Nurse 3D (2013). In 2018, the actor played the lead role in the Hallmark Channel movie Love on the Slopes, a part of the channel's Winterfest event. They starred in Great White, an Australian survivor horror film, in which two great white sharks circle the crew of a stranded seaplane, which was released in 2021.
Personal life
In May 2013, Bowden married musician and singer Ben Jorgensen, of the band Armor for Sleep. They divorced in 2020.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
References
External links
Interview at WickedInfo.com
1988 births
21st-century American actores
Actresses from New Jersey
American child actores
American film actores
American television actores
Immaculate Heart Academy alumni
Living people
People from Wyckoff, New Jersey
Talas District may refer to:
Talas District, Kazakhstan
Talas District, Kyrgyzstan
Batrachorhina ratovosoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1970.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1970
Richardson Nunatak () is a nunatak in the southern part of Hugi Glacier, in Graham Land, Antarctica. Photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd. in 1955–57, and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 for E.C. Richardson (1871–1954), the "father of British skiing," one of the principal founders and first secretary of the Ski Club of Great Britain.
Nunataks of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Magdalena González may refer to:
Magdalena González Furlong (born 1958), Mexican politician
Magdalena González Sánchez (born 1974), Mexican astrophysicist
Jaap Robben (born 1984) is a Dutch writer. An acclaimed author of children's books, they published their debut novel for adults Birk in 2014. The book was a bestseller in the Netherlands where it won several awards. The book has been translated into English by David Doherty.
Selected works
Twee vliegen (Two Flies, 2004)
De nacht krekelt (The Night is Full of Crickets, 2007)
Zullen we een bos beginnen? (Shall We Start a Wood?, 2008, shortlisted for the Gouden Uil for Children's Literature)
De Zuurtjes (The Sourballs, 2010)
Als iemand ooit mijn botjes vindt (If Anyone Finds My Bones, 2012).
Birk (2014, translated as You Have Me to Love. Winner of the Dioraphte Prize, the ANV Debut Prize, etc.)
References
21st-century Dutch writers
Living people
1984 births
The is a professional chamber orchestra, founded in 1988, based in Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan, and is a full member of the Association of Japanese Symphony Orchestras. The Orchestra's home is Ishikawa Ongakudō (Ishikawa Music Hall). Since 2007, its music director is Michiyoshi Inoue.
Activities
The Orchestra performs more than 100 concerts every year. In 1992, the Orchestra's CD "合奏協奏曲第1番(シュニトケ)、カルメン組曲(ビゼー" (Concerto Grosso No. 1 by Schnittke and Carmen by Bizet) received the Japan Record Academy Award. In 1994, the Orchestra's CD "21世紀へのメッセージ" (Message for 21st Century) published by Polydor Kabushiki Kaisha received Artistic Work Award from Agency for Cultural Affairs of Japan. In 1995, the Orchestra received the Grand Prize of Idemitsu Music Prize for 1994. In 1995, the Orchestra's CD "21世紀へのメッセージ vol. 2" (Message for 21st Century vol. 2) received the Japan Record Academy Award.
In 2008, it performed 128 concerts including seven overseas concerts, making it the 11th largest Japanese orchestra in terms of concert revenue. On January 7, 2010, the Orchestra's home Ishikawa Music Hall received the Internal Minister's Prize from Japan Foundation for Regional Art Activities for the collaboration with the Orchestra to promote art in the region. In 2005, the Orchestra's CD of Mozart piano concerto featuring pianist Yoko Kikuchi received the Music Pen Club Award.
Music director／Artistic Chef
Hiroyuki Iwaki (1988–2006)
Michiyoshi Inoue (2007–2018)
Marc Minkowski (2018-)
Composer-in-residence
Toshi Ichiyanagi (1988–1991)
Maki Ishii (1988–1991)
Yūzō Toyama (1991–1992)
Akira Nishimura (1992–1993)
Joji Yuasa (1993–1995)
Tōru Takemitsu (1995–1996)
Toshiro Mayuzumi (1996–1997)
Shin-ichiro Ikebe (1997–1998)
Keiko Fujiie (1998–1999)
Hikaru Hayashi (1999–2000)
Tetsuji Emura (2000–2001)
Teizo Matsumura (2001–2002)
Akira Miyoshi (2002–2003)
Toshirō Saruya (2003–2004)
Atsuhiko Gondai (2004–2005)
Lera Auerbach (2004–2005)
Michio Mamiya (2005–2006)
Tokuhide Niimi (2006–2007)
Toshi Ichiyanagi (2007–2008)
Shigeaki Saegusa (2008–2009)
Roger Boutry (2009–2010)
Takashi Kako (2010–2011)
Kei Mochizuki (2011–2012)
Unsuk Chin (2012–2014)
Atsuhiko Gondai (2014-2015)
Toshi Ichiyanagi (2015-2016)
Thierry Escaich (2016-2017)
Shin'ichirō Ikebe (2017-2018)
Miho Hazama (2018-2019)
References
External links
Official OEK website
Official OEK website
Musical groups established in 1988
Japanese orchestras
Kanazawa
Musical groups from Ishikawa Prefecture
El Tag (; also Al-Tag, Al-Taj) is a village and holy site in the Kufra Oasis, within the Libyan Desert subregion of the Sahara. It is in the Kufra District in the southern Cyrenaica region of southeastern Libya. The Arabic el tag translates as "crown" in English, and derives from the position above the Kufra basin. El Tag, being on a rise, is without an oasis spring and native date palm habitat.
Senussi
El-Tag was founded in 1895 by Muhammad El-Mahdi es-Senussi (1844–1902), after the Ottomans forced them and the Senussi Order from Jaghbub in the Cyrenaican desert to Kufra. They were the son of the founder and the supreme leader (1859-1902) of the Order. El-Mahdi founded a Zaouia (madrassa—school) with a mosque a low octagonal minaret tower here. They also built several tombs of the Senussi family here, which later included their own therefore making El-Tag a Senussi holy place.
Italians and World War II
During the colonial Italian Libya period, the Italians built a World War I–style fort in El Tag in the mid-1930s. Although some guns were stationed at the fort, its battlements were out of date and of little use in the mobile warfare tactics of World War II. The fort, airfield, and town of Kufra were taken by Free French forces and the British-New Zealand Long Range Desert Group in the 1941 Capture of Kufra, in the Allies World War II Western Desert Campaign.
References
Sources
Populated places in Kufra District
Forts in Libya
Italian Libya
Senussi dynasty
Cyrenaica
World War II sites in Libya
World War II sites of Fascist Italy
Burial sites of the Senussi dynasty
The Key Underwood Coon Dog Memorial Graveyard is a specialized and restricted pet cemetery and memorial in rural Colbert County, Alabama, US. It is reserved specifically for the burials of coon dogs. The cemetery was established by Key Underwood on September 4, 1937. Underwood buried their own dog there, choosing the spot, previously a popular hunting camp where "Troop" did 15 years of service. , more than 300 dogs were buried in the graveyard.
Criteria for burial are fairly well established, albeit being subject to interpretation and application. Only bona fide "coonhounds" are to be buried there. The exact measure of that standard depends on breeding, experience and performance; and seemingly depends on who and when the tale is told and the determination made.
History
Key Underwood established the cemetery on September 4, 1937, interring their coon dog, Troop, in an old hunting camp located in rural Colbert County, Alabama, US. The closest town is Cherokee, Alabama. At the time, Underwood only intended to bury Troop in a place they had coon hunted together for 15 years. The memorial was a serendipitous afterthought. Underwood buried Troop there, three feet deep, with an engraved old chimney stone for a marker. Later, other bereaved hunters followed their example when their dogs died, and the cemetery flourished as a result.
The entrance is marked by a statue of two coonhounds treeing a raccoon. During a 1984 interview with columnist Rheta Grimsley Johnson, Underwood said that burying Troop was doing "something special for a special coon dog". Allowance of mere pets is contraindicated. "It would reveal that you must not know much about coon hunters and their dogs, if you think we would contaminate this burial place with poodles and lap dogs."
Dogs must meet three requirements to qualify for burial at the cemetery:
the owner must verify that their dog was a purebred coonhound
a witness must declare that the dead animal is a coon dog
a member of the local coonhunters' organization must be allowed to view the remains The cemetery is not actually "breed specific" but at a minimum requires that the dog was actually used to hunt coons, and not something else. Admission criteria are game specific. Quoting O'Neal Bolton, former caretaker of the Coon Dog Graveyard, the cemetery's website notes:"We have stipulations on this thing, ... A dog can run no deer, possum nothing like that. He's got to be a straight coon dog, and he's got to be full hound. Couldn't be a mixed up breed dog, a house dog."
To be sure, being a full blooded coonhound from a recognized breed i.e., "Redbone, black and tan, English bluetick, English redtick, Plott, Treeing Walker, and various combinations of the above" is a plus. But "many non-AKC breeds of Southern hunting hounds (such as our native frontier hounds, the Black Mouth Curs, Plott Hounds, Catahoulas, and Mountain Curs)" may be admitted, but then must be proven to meet all three of the criteria, and have no fewer than three witnesses who will attest that they have seen the dog track and tree coons single-handedly.
Headstones and markers in the cemetery range from homemade metal and wooden monuments to more intricate marble engraved stones, akin to human gravesites. They range from humble and homemade to relatively well-crafted and ostentatious. Each reveals a touching story and makes a tribute. Some have epitaphs, such as "He wasn't the best, but they were the best I ever owned". The interred dogs include many notable hunting dogs such as Hunter's Famous Amos, Ralston Purina's 1984 Dog of the Year. It is the only cemetery in the world specifically dedicated to coonhounds. By 2014, over 300 dogs were buried in the cemetery.
More generally, There are two monumental sculptures. It is a tourist attraction, albeit well off the beaten path. Maintained by the Tennessee Valley Coon Hunters Association, it receives nearly 7,000 visitors annually. Visitors are encouraged to sign in to the guest book on premises.
The entrance is festooned with warning signs, some pocked with many bullet holes, which advise visitors of surveillance by the neighborhood; another forbids lighting fires, and stresses only coon dogs buried with permission are allowed.
"Remembrances of dogs past happen a lot at the cemetery. Tears are shed, for they're more than dogs. They're more than pets. They're friends. More – they are family members. Funerals befitting a family's grand matriarch up on the hill a handful of times a year because some of the dogs there are grand matriarchs. Families bury their own, like Key Underwood did that sad Labor Day." The seriousness and solemnity of being interred at the memorial is illustrated here:
"A group of solemn men, dressed in black mourning coats and hip boots, wearing carbide lamps on their heads stood beside a mound of soil and a freshly dug hole. A hunting horn sounded and the bay of hounds filled the air." Four outiftted pallbearers "... walked slowly toward the gathered crowd, a small wooden box carried between them".
"The last lines of William's eulogy memorialize the relationship between hunter and dog:
"'...he knows in coon dog heaven they can hunt again when the sun goes down and the tree frogs holler. May the bones of Ole Red rest in peace, through the mercy of God and may the coon hunters light perpetually shine upon him.'"
Caretaker and contact person for the cemetery was Janice M. Williams, aka the "Coon Dog Lady", who is the cemetery board's president. They were the first reported person to actually "count the graves scattered across that pastoral acre: 307 as of January 2014. They keep it presentable (without care the forest quickly encroaches)."
As the 75th anniversary of the cemetery approached, coins and replica service medals started to be left on the graves.
The cemetery evolved, as has the sport of coon hunting. "These days hunting's about competition... Used to, people hunted [raccoons] for their hides or in the Depression, they ate them, but we don't shoot [raccoons] anymore." Dogs are supposed to be independent, capable of hunting on their own, and "honest, meaning it won't run deer or rabbits; and it'll stay put, meaning it'll stay no matter rain, a storm, or another dog aggravating it," says Lee Hatton, grounds caretaker. A United Kennel Club title requires beating other champions and "It takes 100 hard-earned points to become a champion."
The facility is officially recognized as an historic cemetery by the State of Alabama.
The memorial's thematic purpose has been summarized:
"Twelve years is a long time to be loved like that, and it's a good life for a dog. It's a good life for anybody. This is the only graveyard I've been to that was less an acknowledgment of death than it is a celebration of what almost certainly was, grave for coon dog grave, a damn good life."
Labor Day
Every Labor Day the Tennessee Valley Coon Hunter's Association sponsors a gathering at the cemetery in a tribute to the inauguration of the cemetery on Labor Day in 1937. The celebration includes bluegrass music, dancing, barbecue and a liar's contest. Admission is free to the public, but donations are accepted and help defray upkeep expenses. In 2014 eight Redbone Coonhound puppies were sold at the gathering, with proceeds going to upkeep. The gathering is often attended by local politicians.
Popular culture
The cemetery was featured in the movie Sweet Home Alabama, but the producers used artistic license to relocate it to south Alabama. The film's protagonists go looking for the graves of dogs named "Bear" and "Bryant", an homage to Bear Bryant the football coach.
The cemetery and the Labor Day gathering are remembered in song by Milan Miller.
In 1987, an authorized 50th anniversary Case knife souvenir was sold to honor the dogs and the cemetery. With new graphics and subject matter, the promotion was repeated to honor 75th annniversary in 2012.
See also
Armstrong, William H. Sounder novel (1969) and film (1972)
Gates of Heaven documentary film about the Pet cemetery business
Hunting with hounds
Rainbow Bridge (pets)
Rawls, Wilson. Where the Red Fern Grows, children's novel and two film adaptations 1974 and 2003.
The Hunt (The Twilight Zone)
Variant Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (Kuru) from eating squirrel brains.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
and related books.
Children's book.
External links
Coon Dog Cemetery Photo Gallery
Key Underwood Coon Dog Memorial Graveyard Cemetery on Facebook
Ramsey, William W.; Ramsey, Braley W. (Introduction) (2005) The Coon Dog Eulogy
Afterlife places
Animals and humans
Animal cemeteries
Animals in religion
Cemeteries in Alabama
Dogs in religion
Dog monuments
Florence–Muscle Shoals metropolitan area
Hunting by game
Hunting in the United States
Hunting with hounds
Protected areas of Colbert County, Alabama
Tourist attractions in Colbert County, Alabama
Procyonidae
Báječná léta pod psa (English - Those Wonderful Years That Sucked) is a 1997 movie, adapted from the book of the same title by Michal Viewegh. The film is directed by Petr Nikolaev.
Plot
It's the beginning of the 1960s in Czechoslovakia where the heavy impact of the Soviet Union influences all the happenings in the country. A young mother, played by Libuše Šafránková and a father, played by Ondřej Vetchý, are expecting their first baby. They have already agreed on a name - Quido. The baby is due to be born on August 5, but because nothing happens as planned, Quido is born earlier, during the performance Waiting for Godot written by Samuel Beckett. This might have influenced their life because since that moment they seem to be a genius boy. Of course their intelligence makes them trouble during their teenage years at school and also during their attempts to get a girlfriend. Eventually they manage to pick the right one.
For Quido everything suddenly looks wonderful, when another disaster comes. Their father starts to suffer from persecution mania after they have been degraded from their job and asked to come to a police interrogation. They change completely and thinks that the situation becomes unbearable. That's why they are making themselves a coffin. Quido's mother feels desperate and comes with an idea which could save their husband. They want Quido to have their own baby so that their husband could see the world from a better perspective again.
Eventually the whole situation is saved not only by Quido's child, but mainly by The Velvet Revolution in 1989.
As a result, Quido's father starts to feel much better. The whole atmosphere is then interrupted by the fact that it becomes more and more obvious that the situation hasn't changed that much.
Cast list
Libuše Šafránková as Quido's mother
Ondřej Vetchý as Quido's father
Jan Zahálka as Quido - young boy
Jakub Wehrenberg as Quido - young man
Klára Botková as Jaruška - young girl
Jitka Ježková as Jaruška - young woman
Vladimír Javorský as Šperk
Vilma Cibulková as Šperková
Miriam Kantorková as grandmother Věra
Vladimír Dlouhý as Zvára
Květa Fialová as grandmother Líba
Stanislav Zindulka as grandfather Josef
Otakar Brousek st. as dědeček Jiří
Viktor Preiss as playwright
Jiří Schmitzer as Dr. Liehr
Alice Bendová as Zita
Miloň Čepelka as gateman
References
External links
1997 films
1997 drama films
1990s Czech-language films
Films set in 1963
Films set in 1989
Czech drama films
The red-crowned barbet (Psilopogon rafflesii) is a species of bird in the family Megalaimidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
The red-crowned barbet is medium-large, at 24.5–27 cm (9.6–10.6 in) in length and 99–150 grams (3.5–5.3 ounces) in weight. It is primarily green, with a red crown and spots below the eyes, black and yellow face, and a blue throat and eyebrow. Females resemble males, but are duller.
Feeding habits
The prey of red-crowned barbet include land snails of the genus Amphidromus.
References
red-crowned barbet
Birds of Malesia
red-crowned barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Feng Jialiang (Chinese: 封加梁; b. 1966) is a painter from Wuxi, Jiangsu province, China, specializing in oil painting.
They studied oil painting in the School of Fine Arts in Nanjing University of the Arts and was awarded a bachelor's degree in 1991. They were awarded a master's degree in oil painting by Nanjing Normal University and began their teaching career there in 1997. They further studied techniques and materials in École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts de Paris in 1998, and went on a study tour in the US from 1999–2002 and an academic exchange to Russia in 2002. They were awarded a doctor of arts in 2009.
Currently residing in Nanjing, Feng is a professor and graduate supervisor in the School of Fine Arts in Nanjing Normal University and Deputy Secretary General of Jiangsu Oil Painting Association.
Exhibitions
1989, The Girl, Seventh National Art Exhibition
1990, Still Life, Exhibition of Oil Painting, Nanjing
1991, Portrait of A Female College Student, Second prize of Jiangsu Oil Painting Exhibition, collected by Wuxi Gallery
1992, The Girl, 1992 China Exhibition of Oil Paintings
1996, The Green Background, Jiangsu Exhibition of Oil Painted Portraits
1998, The Wall of Mountains, First Jiangsu Art Festival
1999, The Stone Tablet, Jiangsu Exhibition of Oil Paintings
1999, Self-Portrait, One Hundred Years, One Hundred People, One Hundred Family Names
1999, The Series of Buddha, Personal Exhibition in the US
2000, The Series of Portraits, Personal Exhibition in the US
2003, The Series of Buddha, Personal Exhibition in Nanjing Gallery
2011, Dusk and Night, The Overlapping World – Exhibition of Contemporary Art in Nanjing Gu'an Art Center
2011, The Series of Human Bodies, Asking the Way – Exhibition of Contemporary Art, Xijinhui Gallery of Contemporary Art, Jiangsu
2011, The Portrait, Discovering the Noumenon – Exhibition of Jiangsu Young and Middle-aged Oil Painters, Guangdong Lingnan Gallery
2011, Dusk, National Exhibition of Art Teachers, Guangdong Gallery
2011, Night and Restraint, Wuxi Centenary Exhibition of Oil Paintings, Wuxi Sujia Gallery
2012, Descent, awarded work of excellence in the Eighth Jiangsu Oil Painting Exhibition, Jiangsu Gallery
2012, Personal Exhibition of Feng Jialiang, Beijing 798 Art Zone
2012, Inside and Outside the Frame – Width 5, Exhibition of Contemporary Arts
2012, Depiction of Jiangsu - Exhibition of One Hundred Painters, Nanjing University of the Arts
2012, Broad, Concise, Profound, Aesthetic – Exhibition of 100th Anniversary of NUA
2012, Traitor to Art, Nanjing Shangdong Contemporary Gallery
2012, Fatigue and Extension – Departure from Nanjing, Nanjing Sanchuan Contemporary Gallery
2013, Exhibition of Contemporary Asian Arts, Hong Kong
2013, Grace of the Age – Art Exhibition of Jiangsu Universities, Gallery of NUA
2013, Detached from Material Life – Exhibition of Jiangsu Contemporary Arts, Zhejiang Gallery
2013, Exhibition in Fangshan Art Camp, Nanjing
2014, Nanjing International Art Exhibition, Nanjing International Expo Center
Publications
1996, Romance of Rivers and Lakes: Fachang's Paintings, Chinese Painters
2004, Reconstruction of Art Education System, Art and Design
2005, Unfulfilled Dreams of Space: Modigliani and Their Caryatids, Exploration of Art
2005, The Creation and Evolution of Giorgione's Sleeping Females, Artists
2006, Oil Painting – Textbook for University Art Students
2010, The Cause to Xu Beihong's Realism, New Art
2011, The New Order of Chinese Painting and Calligraphy in Home Decoration, Chinese Decoration
2011, The Visual Order of National Fancy: Analysis of the Visual Logic of Spanish Superealistic Oil Paintings in 20th Century, Art and Design
2011, Study on Xu Beihong's Theory of Art Education
Collections
Feng's works are mostly collected by collectors from the US, Germany, South Korea, Hong Kong and Mainland China.
Notes
External links
Faculty page at Nanjing Normal University
Living people
Painters from Wuxi
1966 births
Writers from Wuxi
Educators from Wuxi
Nanjing Normal University faculty
The Rajaram Cricket Stadium is located in Ichalkaranji, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The venue has a capacity of 20,000 and most of the places are standing places. The stands are covered with a roof. It is used for several events, but mainly for cricket matches. The stadium became one of the largest sports venues by capacity in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The construction of the stadium started in 1987 and it opened in 2002.
References
Football venues in Maharashtra
Cricket grounds in Maharashtra
Sports venues completed in 2002
2002 establishments in Maharashtra
Gülbahçe is a village in the Urla district of Izmir Province, Turkey. Due to its location on the Gulf of Gerence and near the İzmir Institute of Technology, the village is greatly expanding. The old village is surrounded by vacation homes for people living in Izmir. The old route of the D.505 passes through the village and connects to the D.300 just south of the village. As of 2000, the population of Gülbahçe was 2,466.
References
Villages in Urla District
Populated coastal places in Turkey
Ian Roger Hagemoen (December 4, 1940 – ) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions, Edmonton Eskimos and Saskatchewan Roughriders. They won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964. Their death was announced on October 17, 2009.
References
1940 births
2009 deaths
Players of Canadian football from British Columbia
BC Lions players
Edmonton Elks players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
People from the Cariboo Regional District
Profound Mysteries II is the seventh studio album by Norwegian electronic music duo Röyksopp, released on 19 August 2022. It is the second of three albums in the Profound Mysteries series of albums. It was released with collections of short films (each by a different director) and animated visualizations (by artist Jonathan Zawada) created to accompany each track.
Background and development
In an interview with NME Svein Berge stated that "We are focussing on what we call the mystery – it's rather pompous, I know," "We even added profound to turn up the nobhead-hood of it all! But anyway, the thing with part two in particular is that with this one, we point to the inspirational genres and artists who helped to forge us when we were kids." They further commented that those with a keen ear will notice heavy references to other artists like Kraftwerk and Depeche Mode, and also genres like Italo Disco and '90s UK rave. It's something they've always used in their music, but that this time it's more strident. They said that "It's meant as a tribute, not a rip-off."
Critical reception
Profound Mysteries II received critical acclaim from music critics.
Eivind August of Aftenposten stated that the album has "Driving bass lines, slowly building rhythms and of course dreamy synth lines. This is Röyksopp as we know them, but with enough innovation that they don't just float on nostalgia." Joakim Randa of Bergens tidende noted that "Especially in its first half, Profound Mysteries II almost sounds like the debut album Melody A.M., but from an alternative universe." and further stated that the track It Was A Good Thing is "a truly beautiful piece of pop music and clearly the best track on the album. The production is restrained, with simple, almost resigned motifs". Timothy Monger of AllMusic described that "Musically, [Röyksopp] continue to subtly expand their signature mix of lush downbeat drama and clever electropop, getting cinematic and darkly funked-out, sometimes in the same song" and that the album is "as satisfying as its predecessor", and that it "is yet another quality entry in Röyksopp's already sterling canon." Marius Asp of Verdens gang stated that the album "gets even better with [the track] Let's Get It Right, [...] - a smooth pop melody that benefits enormously from a warm, organic and intimate soundscape." and commented that the track Unity "is lifted to heaven by euphoric house piano, breakbeats and a powerful singing performance from British Karen Harding."
Track listing
Accompanying short films
Released between June and August 2022, alongside tracks from Profound Mysteries II.
Charts
References
External links
Profound Mysteries on the official Röyksopp website
2022 albums
Röyksopp albums
Sequel albums
Edgington v Fitzmaurice (1885) 29 Ch D 459 is an English contract law case, concerning misrepresentation. It holds that a statement of present intentions can count as an actionable misrepresentation and that a misrepresentation need not be the sole cause of entering a contract so long as it is an influence.
Facts
Company directors sent shareholders a prospectus inviting subscriptions for debenture bonds. It said money would go to alter their buildings, buy horses, vans and expand into supplying fish. Really though, the purpose was to pay off liabilities, because the company was in trouble. Mistakenly believing they would get a first charge on company property, Mr Edgington bought bonds. If they were aware that they wouldn't get a charge, they wouldn't have done so. Mr Edgington sought to recover money for deceit.
Judgment
The Court of Appeal upheld Denman J at first instance, saying that the directors were liable for deceit. Cotton LJ held that the statement of purpose was a fraudulent misrepresentation and Mr Edgington had relied on that despite their admission of mistake over charges. They said,
To fulfil the requirement that Mr Edgington relied on the statement, it is not necessary to show the misstatement was the sole cause of acting, so long as there was an influence.
Bowen LJ said ‘the state of a man's mind is as much a fact as the state of their digestion... A misrepresentation as to the state of a man's mind is, therefore, a misstatement of fact... such misstatement was material if it was actively present to their mind when they decided to advance their money.'
Fry LJ said the ‘inquiry is whether this statement materially affected the conduct of the Plaintiff in advancing their money.' They pointed out the ‘prospectus was intended to influence the mind of the reader.'
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
Notes
United Kingdom company case law
English misrepresentation case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1885 in case law
1885 in British law
Evciler is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
Souverain was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy, lead ship of their class.
They took part in the Battle of the Chesapeake, in 1781. In 1792, they were renamed Peuple Souverain ("Sovereign People").
In 1798, they took part in the battle of the Nile. A shot from (at the rear of the British line) cut their cable and they drifted out of position, later in the battle being captured by the British. They were subsequently recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS Guerrier, but was in too bad a shape to serve in the high sea, so they were used as a guard ship.
Citations
Sources
External links
HMS Guerrier
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Souverain-class ships of the line
1757 ships
Captured ships
Sonny Truitt was an American jazz trombonist, pianist, and composer. They were best known for their work with Miles Davis.
Discography
With Bill Chapin
Jim Chapin Sextet (Prestige, 1955)
With Miles Davis
Miles Davis and Horns (Prestige, 1953)
With Charlie Mariano
Charlie Mariano (Prestige, 1951)
With Tony Scott
The Complete Tony Scott (RCA, 1956)
With The Six (John Glasel & Bob Wilber)
The View from Jazzbo's Head (Bethlehem, 1956)
References
American jazz trombonists
Male trombonists
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
American male jazz musicians
Koottukudumbam is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Sheela and Sharada in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as Radhakrishna Kurup
Sathyan as Appukkuttan
Sheela as Thankamma
Sharada as Shyamala
KPAC Lalitha as Saraswathi
Adoor Bhasi as Kollam Raghavan
Manavalan Joseph as Soman
Adoor Bhavani as Karthyayinippilla
Adoor Pankajam as Saraswathi's Sister-in-law
Alummoodan as Unnithan
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Ilanjikkal Rama Kurup
N. Govindankutty as Velayudhan Pillai
S. J. Dev
S. P. Pillai as Thankamma's Father
Ushakumari as Radhika
KPAC Khan as Govindan Nair
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1969 films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Associazione Calcistica Castellana Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Castel Goffredo, Lombardy. It currently plays in Serie D.
History
The club was founded in 1973.
In the season 2004–05 the club was promoted from Eccellenza Lombardy to Serie D.
Colors and badge
Its colours are white and blue. The team away plays in the orange jersey with white shorts.
The symbol of Castellana consists of a shield with the company colours within which is placed the coat of arms of the local municipality.
Stadium
The club plays its home matches at "Stadio Comunale" of Castel Goffredo, located in via Svezia. The plant, with a single grandstand, has 1500 seats. The budding fund measures 65 metres wide and 105 in length.
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Lombardy
Association football clubs established in 1973
1973 establishments in Italy
Orhanlı can refer to:
Orhanlı, İhsaniye
Orhanlı, Niğde
Orhanlı, Yeşilova
The Video Standards Council (VSC), also known as the VSC Rating Board, is an administrator of the PEGI system of age rating for video games. It was established in 1989, and has been responsible for the age ratings of video games sold in the United Kingdom since 2012. The organisation is accountable to the Department of Culture, Media and Sport.
History
The VSC was established in 1989 following concerns from the Home Secretary about the video industry. The organisation designed a code of practise to ensure that the video and video game industries delivered their products to the public responsibly. It also provides retailers with staff training courses concerning the supply of age restricted videos, DVDs and video games.
Since 1994, the VSC has been responsible for the age ratings of video games. Initially, they worked on behalf of the UK Interactive Entertainment Association (formerly ELSPA). Since 2003, they have been administrators of the PEGI system, which was incorporated into UK law in 2012. Since then, the VSC has been the statutory body responsible for the age rating of video games in the UK. From 2012 to 2017, the VSC branded the arm of their organisation fulfilling this statutory responsibility as the Games Rating Authority. This branding was scrapped in 2017, and the new title of the VSC Rating Board adopted, to make it clearer that it was a division of the VSC rather than a separate entity. The VSC Rating Board also rates games for at least 30 other European countries.
References
Information technology organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1989
Video gaming in the United Kingdom
Video game censorship
British Board of Film Classification
Mass media companies
Morvada is a village in Vav Taluka of Banaskantha district in Gujarat, India.
History
Morvada is said formerly to have belonged to Turks and to have been conquered from them by Vaghela Rajputs, who in (1535), were expelled by Visaldev, a descendant of Lunaji Vaghela of Tharad.
There is a Jain Temple in village. The idols are said to around 2200 years old (samprati maharaja).
It was ruled the Vaghela house of Tharad, the
lineal descendants of Visaldev till independence of India.
Morvada entered into agreements with the British Government in the 1820s. It was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency, which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency. After Independence of India in 1947, Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State. When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State, it fell under Banaskantha district of Gujarat.
Morvada falls on Radhanpur - Suigam state highway.
References
Notes
Bibliography
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
Villages in Banaskantha district
