Jeremiah A. Brown (November 14, 1841 – March 28, 1913) was a politician and civil rights activist in the American city of Cleveland, Ohio. Early in their life, Brown worked on steamboats with Mark Twain. They later moved to Cleveland, where they were elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1885 where together with Benjamin W. Arnett, they played an important role in fighting black laws, supporting education, and working for the civil rights of Ohio's African Americans. They also held numerous state and national political appointments.
Brown was the first African-American to receive a political appointment in Cuyahoga County, the first to serve as a deputy sheriff in Ohio, and the second to be elected to the Ohio state legislature.
Biography
Early life
Jeremiah A. Brown, known as "Jere", was born November 14, 1841 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They were the oldest child of six children of Thomas A. and Frances J. Brown. Their sister, Hallie Quinn Brown, was a noted educator and civil rights activist. They attended school in Pittsburgh until age thirteen. Their classmates included Rev. Benjamin Tucker Tanner, Thomas Morris Chester, and James T. Bradford. They then joined their father as a steamboatman along the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. As a steamboatman, Brown claimed friendship with Mark Twain, and was said to be a survivor of the famous 1858 explosion of the steamboat Pennsylvania.
About the age of seventeen they apprenticed themselves to James H. McClelland to work as a carpenter and joiner. Many other employees of McClelland quit when Brown joined the shop, unwilling to work with a black person. They also attended Avery College in Allegheny, Pennsylvania for a short time. After their apprenticeship, Brown's parents moved the family to Chatham, Ontario, to be away from discrimination. When the US Civil War began, Brown moved to St. Louis, Missouri to work on steamboats. On January 17, 1864, they married Mary A. Wheeler, sister of Chicago lawyer Lloyd G. Wheeler and Harford minister Robert F. Wheeler. Brown's wife died in the late summer of 1904. Brown later remarried and they had two children.
Political career
In 1869 or 1870, Brown and their family moved to Cleveland where they began their political career. Their first position was as bailiff of the county probate court, followed by deputy sheriff and county prison turnkey. They then became clerk of the City Boards of Equalization and Revision, and finally letter-carrier for the post office in August 1881, a position they held until being elected in 1885. They were also involved with black social movements, taking part in numerous state and national conventions of colored people at least as early as 1884.
In 1885 they were elected to the Ohio State House of Representatives. Their district was estimated as being one-tenth black. They frequently worked with another African-American legislator elected that same year, Benjamin W. Arnett. Arnett's district was one-twentieth black. They were very active in the legislature, particularly in working to end the Black Laws in Ohio. They were especially known for passing an anti-discriminating insurance bill. In 1901, Brown became a member of the Ohio State Republican Party executive committee.
They were active in republican politics and supported prominent Ohio Republicans including John Sherman and Mark Hanna, for which they were rewarded with public positions after serving in the legislature. In 1899 they went to Washington, DC to get appointment to federal civil service positions and in 1890 they were made United States Customs Inspector at Cleveland. Brown was appointed clerk in the Internal Revenue Bureau in Cleveland. In 1902, they were put in charge of the office of immigrant inspector in Cleveland. They held a number of other appointments including deputy in the state insurance commissioner's office.
Brown was also a member of the Carpenters' and Joiners' Union of Cleveland. They noted in an 1886 letter to the black newspaper, the New York Freeman, that they opposed segregated labor unions. Brown was a prominent Mason in Ohio and was a Grand Master of Prince Hall Masonry. They also served as Trustee of Wilberforce University. Later in life they were active in promoting education and religion. They were a member of the Congressional club of Cleveland. Brown was raised in the African Methodist Episcopal church and was a member of the Mt. Zion Congregational Church, in the denomination United Church of Christ at their death.
Death and legacy
Brown died the morning of March 28, 1913.
See also
African American officeholders during and following the Reconstruction era
Footnotes
Politicians from Pittsburgh
Politicians from Cleveland
1841 births
1913 deaths
Activists for African-American civil rights
African-American state legislators in Ohio
19th-century African-American activists
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Wilberforce University
Ohio Republicans
American trade union leaders
Prince Hall Freemasonry
Shipwreck survivors
Activists from Ohio
20th-century African-American people
Kenneth Spencer (25 April 1913 – 25 February 1964), was an American operatic singer and actor. Spencer starred in a few Broadway musicals and musical films in the United States during the 1940s. Frustrated with the racial prejudice they experienced in the United States as a black man, Spencer moved to West Germany in 1950 where they had a successful singing career. They also appeared in a number of German films. Their career was cut short when they died in the crash of Eastern Air Lines Flight 304.
Life
Spencer was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of a steelworker. They took private vocal lessons while working as a gardener, and eventually caught the attention of the tenor Roland Hayes who helped them to get a scholarship at the Eastman School of Music. After graduating in 1938, Spencer tried to get a performing career going but met many obstacles due to racial prejudice in the United States.
In 1938 they sang in the Federal Music Project NBC Blue radio opera Gettysburg, first from El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles, then at the Hollywood Bowl.
In 1940 they were understudied for Paul Robeson in the short lived Broadway musical John Henry. This was followed by their professional recital debut in 1941 at New York City's Town Hall.
During the early 1940s Spencer made their first major successes in California as a concert artist at the Hollywood Bowl and as a radio performer. This led to theirs being cast in significant parts in two MGM films in 1943, the musical film Cabin in the Sky where they shared the screen with Ethel Waters, Lena Horne, Eddie "Rochester" Anderson, and Louis Armstrong, and the war movie Bataan. Spencer also sang the ballad in A Walk in the Sun (1945). They returned to Broadway to portray Joe in the critically acclaimed 1946 revival of Kern and Hammerstein's Show Boat, in which they sang Ol' Man River. The revival was highly successful, running almost exactly a year, remarkable at the time for a revival of a play or musical. This was the first American production of Show Boat to receive a full-fledged Broadway cast album, rather than just a studio cast recording (there had been a British cast album in 1928).
In 1949 Spencer's life changed after performing in Europe for the first time at the International Music Festival in Nice. The European public responded with enthusiasm to their performance and they were soon getting offers to perform all over Europe. It was the first time that Spencer experienced a working environment and culture that was not hindered by racial prejudice. In 1950 they returned to Europe to sing in a number of radio broadcasts with the Radiodiffusion-Télévision Française and perform in several highly lauded concerts in Berlin, including performances with the Berlin Philharmonic. Spencer was so enamored with the German public and frustrated with the meager opportunities they found as a black artist in America that they moved their family to Wuppertal, West Germany in late 1950.
Spencer spent the next 14 years in Germany performing in concerts, operas, and plays. They also appeared in a few German films. Their ability to perform not only Spirituals and classical music, but also folk songs in their original languages (French, German, Italian, Russian, Hebrew) won them much popularity in France and post-war Germany. They made a number of recordings with Columbia Masterworks Records during the 1950s and 1960s which consisted of classical music, spirituals, and folk songs.
Spencer died in the crash of Eastern Air Lines Flight 304. The plane crashed into Lake Pontchartrain after leaving the New Orleans International Airport on 25 February 1964.
Filmography
Notes
References
External links
25. April 1911 - Kenneth Spencer wird geboren: "Ol' man river" Westdeutscher Rundfunk 25 April 2011
1913 births
1964 deaths
20th-century African-American male singers
20th-century American male opera singers
Accidental deaths in Louisiana
African-American male opera singers
American emigrants to Germany
American operatic basses
American male musical theatre actors
American gospel singers
American operatic bass-baritones
Male actors from Los Angeles
Eastman School of Music alumni
Singers from Los Angeles
20th-century American male actors
Musicians killed in aviation accidents or incidents
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1964
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Waterton Lakes National Park is a national park located in the southwest corner of Alberta, Canada. It borders Glacier National Park in Montana, United States. Waterton was the fourth Canadian national park, formed in 1895 and named after Waterton Lake, in turn after the Victorian naturalist and conservationist Charles Waterton. Its range is between the Rocky Mountains and prairies. This park contains of rugged mountains and wilderness.
Operated by Parks Canada, Waterton is open all year, but the main tourist season is during July and August. The only commercial facilities available within the park are located at the Waterton Park townsite. This park ranges in elevation from at the townsite to at Mount Blakiston. It offers many scenic trails, including Crypt Lake trail. In 2012/2013, Waterton Lakes National Park had 402,542 visitors.
The park was the subject of a short film in 2011's National Parks Project, directed by Peter Lynch and scored by Cadence Weapon, Laura Barrett and Mark Hamilton.
History
William Pearce, a Dominion Land Surveyor was the first to suggest a park be established in the vicinity of Waterton Lakes in their 1886 annual report, although no action was taken by the government. In 1893, Frederick William Godsal, a rancher who resided north of the lakes wrote Pearce referencing their 1886 report and suggested the area be turned into a park reserve, Pearce forwarded the proposal, noting the land had no value for agricultural and minimal grazing potential. Minister of the Interior Thomas Mayne Daly came across the proposal and directed a park reserve be created in the area. Finally on May 30, 1895, Order-in-Council 1895-1621 established a unnamed forest park under the Dominion Lands Act.
While oil had been found in the area since the late 1880s, the government began approving reservation and sales of land for prospecting in 1898. In 1901, John Lineham of Okotoks organized the Rocky Mountain Drilling Company. In 1902 they drilled the first oil exploration well in Alberta on the site of oil seeps near Cameron Creek. Despite a small recovery of 34° API sweet oil, neither this well nor seven later exploration attempts resulted in production. The oil well and surrounding area was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1965. By 1905 more than half of the sections of land compromising the park had been sold or reserved for oil exploration. On September 21, 1905 Frederick William Godsal wrote the Secretary of the Interior requesting they consider expanding the park reserve for scenic and recreational purposes. The Dominion Forest Reserves Act which came into force in 1906 established the Kootenay Lakes Forest Reserve under the authority of the Superintendent of Forestry.
In 1911 Minister of the Interior Frank Oliver introduced the Dominion Forest Reserves and Parks Act which designated all existing mountain parks, Elk Island and Buffalo Parks into forest reserves, with the authority to designate all or part of the reserve a "Dominion Park" (later National Park). On June 8, 1911, Order-in-Council P.C. 1338 designated of the area of Waterton Lakes Forest Reserve as Dominion Park, much smaller than expected by resident staff, and only a small portion of the original 1895 reserve of . In 1914, Frank Oliver's successor as Minister of the Interior, William James Roche, significantly expanded the area of Waterton Lakes Park to .
In 1920 William Thomson, the designer and head professional of the original golf course in Banff National Park was brought to Waterton to design a nine hole golf course. A clubhouse would be constructed in 1928 and the course was expanded to 18 holes between 1931 and 1936. Further renovations to the course in the 1950s were designed by golf course architect Stanley Thompson.
Prince of Wales Hotel
The Prince of Wales Hotel, one of Canada's grand railway hotels, was constructed between 1926 and 1927 adjacent to Upper Waterton Lakes, by the Great Northern Railway of the United States in an attempt to lure American tourists during the U.S. prohibition era. The hotel which opened in July 1927 is the only grand railway hotel in Canada to be constructed by an American railway company. The hotel was named after the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VIII), in a transparent attempt to entice them to stay in the hotel on their 1927 Canadian tour, but the prince stayed at their own nearby ranch in Pekisko, Alberta instead. The hotel was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada on 6 November 1992.
Later history
In 1932, Waterton-Glacier International Peace Park was formed from Waterton Lakes National Park and Glacier. It was dedicated to world peace by Sir Charles Arthur Mander on behalf of Rotary International on 18 June 1932, whose members from the Alberta and Montana chapters lobbied for the formation of the park. The Peace Park was the first of its nature in the world, and was intended to promote goodwill between nations and underscore the international nature of protection of wilderness.
In terms of local governance, those lands within Waterton Lakes National Park were split between the Municipal District of Kerr No. 39 and the Municipal District of Castle River No. 40 prior to 1944. Following a partial amalgamation of the two municipal districts, remnant unsurveyed lands within the park were incorporated as Improvement District (ID) No. 11 on January 1, 1944. It was renumbered to ID No. 8 on April 1, 1945 and again to ID No. 4 on January 1, 1969.
The Waterton-Glacier International was inscribed a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995. In 1979, Waterton became Canada's second biosphere reserve and the first Canadian national park to take part in this UNESCO program. Biosphere Reserves are created to achieve a better understanding of the relationship between humans and the natural environment.
In September 2017, a large forest fire forced the evacuation of the townsite and park. The fire burned through 200 km2 of the park, destroying the visitor centre, stables and other buildings. Some 80% of hiking trails were affected and several remained closed for the 2018 season.
Geology
The oldest rocks in the park are marine sediments dating back 1.5 billion years. These rocks are composed of limestone, dolomite and igneous rocks. There are fossilized sea beds as well as salt pseudomorph. There are numerous stromatolite formations that are 1.3 billion years old.
Unlike the Canadian Rockies, whose sedimentary strata are more or less inclined, the Waterton sediments are characterized by a single overlap. The Lewis Overthrust allowed sediment Proterozoic to move as a unit, more or less, horizontally on the rocks of the Cretaceous period dating from about 70 million years ago on a remote 100km south-east of the mountain's present location. The fact that older rocks end up on younger rocks is a rare occurrence in geology. Under the Proterozoic layer, there is a layer dating from the Upper Cretaceous which is mainly composed of schist.
Although there are no glaciers left in Waterton, aside from a few expanses of eternal snow, the landscape has been greatly shaped by the Wisconsin glaciation. The park has many glacial troughs, the hanging valleys, the ridge, the cirque, the kame and esker. Since the end of the last ice age, the Cameron and Blakiston rivers have formed two alluvial fans at their mouths.
Ecology
Waterton Lakes National Park spans four ecoregions, foothills parkland, montane, subalpine and alpine. Waterton is the only National Park in Canada with the foothills parkland ecoregion, which comprises approximately 10 percent of the Park and occupies a narrow band along the eastern edge of the foothills of Alberta from Calgary to Waterton and into parts of the United States.
Flora
There are over 1000 species of vascular plants found in the park. Over 20 species are endemic to the park such as Lewis' mock-orange and white-veined wintergreen. Over 50 species of plants that are found the park are rare in Canada such as Bolander's quillwort, Lyall's scorpionweed, and Brewer's monkeyflower. Waterton Lakes National Park is also home to small ferns called moonworts and the Waterton moonwort is endemic to the park.
Fauna
Animals that inhabit this national park include wolverines, bighorn sheep, bald eagles, white-tailed deer, mule deer, mountain goats, elk, moose, foxes, timber wolves, bison, coyotes, beavers, river otters, cougars, lynxes, bobcats, snowshoe hares, pikas, hoary marmots, grizzly bears and black bears. Many bird species nest or migrate through the park, some of which include bald eagles, Canadian geese, orange-crowned warblers, and MacGillivray's warblers.
Climate
Waterton Lakes National Park Cameron Falls weather station has a humid continental climate (Koppen: Dfb), bordering relatively closely on a subarctic climate (Dfc). Summertime is mild with cool nights, while winter is chilly with highs around freezing. Snowfall is heavy, averaging 481.5 cm (189.6 inches).
Biosphere Reserve
In 1979, Waterton and bordering Glacier National park in the US were designated as World Biosphere reserves, preserving mountains, prairie, lakes and freshwater wetlands ecosystems. Habitats represented in the parks' range include: prairie grasslands, aspen grove forests, alpine tundra/high meadows, lower subalpine forests, deciduous and coniferous forests.
World Heritage Site
The park is part of the Waterton-Glacier International Peace Park, designated as World Heritage Site in 1995 for their distinctive climate, physiographic setting, mountain-prairie interface, and tri-ocean hydrographical divide. They are areas of significant scenic values with abundant and diverse flora and fauna.
Photo gallery
See also
Kootenay National Park
List of National Parks of Canada
List of mountains of Alberta
List of protected areas of Alberta
List of trails in Alberta
List of waterfalls of Alberta
References
External links
Waterton Lakes National Park (Parks Canada)
Pure Experience: Waterton Lakes National Park (Travel Alberta)
World Heritage Sites in Canada
Biosphere reserves of Canada
National parks of the Rocky Mountains
Protected areas established in 1895
1895 establishments in Alberta
is one of the Ōsumi Islands belonging to Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan. The island, 444.99 km2 in area, is the second largest of the Ōsumi Islands, and has a population of 33,000 people. Access to the island is by ferry, or by air to New Tanegashima Airport. Administratively, the island is divided into the city, Nishinoomote, and the two towns, Nakatane and Minamitane. The towns belong to Kumage District.
Geography
Tanegashima is the easternmost and the second largest (after Yakushima) of the Ōsumi Islands. It is located approximately south of the southern tip of Ōsumi Peninsula in southern Kyushu, or south of Kagoshima. The Vincennes Strait (Yakushima Kaikyō) separates it from Yakushima.
The island is of volcanic origin; however, unlike neighboring Yakushima, it presents a flat appearance, with its highest elevation at only above sea level. The island has a length of and a width ranging from to .
The climate is subtropical. The island, along with neighbouring Yakushima, has been recognised as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because they support populations of Japanese wood pigeons, Ryukyu green pigeons and Ryukyu robins.
History
Tanegashima has a long history of Kofun. Other burials on Tanegashima, namely the Yokomine and Hirota sites, attest to a uniquely well-developed Yayoi period culture at the end of the 4th century AD. The artifacts include magatama, an engraved pendant, and emblems with apparent writing.
During the Nara period, the embryo state of Japan began to make contact with Tanegashima. According to the Nihonshoki, the imperial court hosted a banquet for the islanders of Tanegashima in 677. In 679, the court sent a mission to the island who returned in 681. Other missions to the island mentioned in the book were in 683 and 695. According to the Shoku Nihongi, people from Tane, Yaku, Amami and Dokan (possibly Tokunoshima) came to the imperial court to pay tribute in 699. These activities resulted in the establishment of Tane Province on the island in 702. Tane Province lasted until 824 and was merged into Ōsumi Province.
Sometime around 1140, the whole island of Tanegashima became part of the Shimazu Estate, the largest medieval shōen of Japan. In the early Kamakura period, the positions of the land flight attendant of the Shimazu Estate and the military governor of Ōsumi Province were given to the Shimazu clan. However, the clan lost these positions to the Hōjō clan, the de facto ruler of the shogunate. The Hōjō clan sent the Higo clan as deputy governors. A branch line of the Higo clan made itself autonomous on Tanegashima after the Hōjō clan was annihilated and began to claim the clan name of Tanegashima.
The Tanegashima clan ruled the island until the Meiji restoration. The Tanegashima clan enjoyed a high degree of autonomy until Shimazu unified southern Kyūshū in the late 16th century, and after that, served as a top-ranking retainer to the Satsuma domain. Following the Meiji restoration, the island has been administered as part of Kagoshima Prefecture.
Introduction of firearms into Japan
Tanegashima is traditionally known as the site of the introduction of European firearms to Japan in 1543. Until modern times, firearms were colloquially known in Japan as "Tanegashima", due to the belief that they were introduced by the Portuguese on board the first Portuguese ship.
In their memoirs published in 1614, Portuguese adventurer turned author, Fernão Mendes Pinto placed themselves in the first landing party, although this claim has since been roundly discredited and in fact contradicts their claims to have been in Burma at the time. The two Portuguese traders, António Mota and Francisco Zeimoto, should actually be credited as the first Europeans to introduce firearms. However, Mendes Pinto does appear to have visited Tanegashima soon thereafter. The Europeans had arrived to trade, not only guns, but also soap, tobacco and other goods unknown in medieval Japan, for Japanese goods.
During the Muromachi period, Tanegashima functioned as a relay station for one of the main routes of Chinese trade that connected Sakai to Ningbo. The Tanegashima clan cooperated with the Hosokawa clan, one of two powers who controlled Chinese trade. The clan also maintained a firm connection with the Honnō-ji Temple of Kyoto. These account for the rapid spread of firearms from Tanegashima to central Japan.
Knife industry
Edge tools (particularly knives and scissors) made in Tanegashima are famous traditional handicrafts in Japan. Craftsmen in Tanegashima have kept alive traditional techniques for forging and sharpening iron tools. Tanegashima is also famous as the center of iron sand production. The technique has been around since about 1185 when the Taira clan were exiled here from Kyoto by Minamoto no Yoritomo, taking with them craftsmen and chefs from Kyoto. The people of the island speak with a Kyoto accent even now, rather than a Kyūshū or Kagoshima accent, despite its proximity to Kyūshū. These craftsmen were the original users of the distinct techniques used for forging and sharpening. The technique is unique in the world, and produces such tools as "Tanegashima Hōchō" (Tanegashima knives), used by chefs, and "Tane-basami" (Tanegashima scissors), preferred by many for the art of Bonsai. Nevertheless the local population has fallen from over fifty thousand in 1970 to just twenty-eight thousand today, in spite of tourism and space industries, putting traditional crafts at risk.
Tanegashima Space Center
The Tanegashima Space Center is Japan's largest space development center. It is run by JAXA, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and is located at the southeastern end of Tanegashima. It was established in 1969 when the National Space Development Agency of Japan (NASDA) was formed. Activities include assembly, testing, launching and tracking satellites, as well as rocket engine firing tests. Activity includes orbital launches of the H-IIA rockets from the Yoshinobu Launch Complex.
The Space Science and Technology Museum is near the TSC. It offers an intricate view of rocket history and technology in Japan. Though most of the displays are in Japanese, there are English tour pamphlets available.
Climate
Tanegashima has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification Cfa) with hot, humid summers and mild winters. Precipitation is high throughout the year, but is highest in the months of May, June and September.
Sporting events
The Tanegashima "Rocket Marathon" takes place in March each year.
Notable people
Miyu Uehara – gravure idol and TV personality
Kōbō Kenichi – sumo wrestler
Wakashimazu Mutsuo – sumo wrestler
References
Sources
Lidon, Olof. Tanegashima: The Arrival of Europe in Japan, NIAS Press (2002)
External links
Ōsumi Islands
Islands of Kagoshima Prefecture
Important Bird Areas of the Nansei Islands
Imma assita is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
References
Moths described in 1986
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Palmares is a district of the Palmares canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
Geography
Palmares has an area of km² and an elevation of metres. It is in the Central Valley (Valle Central), 6 kilometers southeast of the city of San Ramón, 38 kilometers northwest of the provincial capital city of Alajuela, and 56 kilometers from the national capital city of San Jose.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Palmares had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 135
National Route 148
Culture
Fiestas de Palmares
During January the city hosts their 'Fiestas', a large fair organized by a local committee which have become along with Zapote in December, and Liberia in July, one of the largest fairs in the country. This fair lasts for two weeks, with two days of special note: the 'Tope' (a massive horseback riding parade through town) and the 'Carnaval' (carnival); it is said that during these days you can find over 500,000 people in Palmares. It ranks 2nd in most beer consumed in a yearly festival (after Oktoberfest)
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
The Lampsacus Treasure or Lapseki Treasure is the name of an important early Byzantine silver hoard found near the town of Lapseki (ancient Lampsacus) in modern-day Turkey. Most of the hoard is now in the British Museum's collection, although a few items can be found in museums in Paris and Istanbul too.
Discovery
The Lampsacus Treasure was accidentally found in 1847 by farmers digging in a field near the village of Lapseki (ancient Lampsacus) in north-west Turkey. Dating to 6th and 7th centuries AD, the hoard of largely silver objects provides a significant catalogue of design and fashion from the early Byzantine period. Soon after its discovery, the bulk of the treasure came into the possession of Henry Richard Charles Wellesley, Earl of Cowley, who donated it to the British Museum in 1848. Two other institutions also have objects from the treasure: the Istanbul Archaeological Museum possess two bowls; the Louvre a further two spoons.
Description of the treasure
The hoard includes a wide range of ecclesiastical objects that may have originally belonged to a church or a wealthy individual connected with the church. It includes a silver tripod lamp-stand with five imperial control stamps that date from the reign of Justinian I (527–65AD). In the British Museum there are also twelve pear-shaped spoons, six of which bear inscriptions and verse in Greek and/or Latin, a (slightly damaged) silver chalice, two silver dishes with nielloed monograms in the centre, an ornate silver polycandelon, part of a folding stool, and various jewellery and furniture/vessel fittings.
Gallery
See also
First Cyprus Treasure
References
Bibliography
D. Strong, Greek and Roman Silver Plate (British Museum Press, 1966)
D. Buckton (ed.), Byzantium: Treasures of Byzantium (London, The British Museum Press, 1994)
J.P.C. Kent and K.S. Painter (eds.), Wealth of the Roman world, AD 300-700 (London, The British Museum Press, 1977)
M Mango: Three illuminating objects in the Lampsacus treasure: Studies in Byzantine and Medieval art and archaeology. Oxford, 2003, pp. 68–71.
Treasure troves of Medieval Europe
Silver objects
Medieval European objects in the British Museum
Byzantine art
Archaeological discoveries in Turkey
1847 archaeological discoveries
Byzantine antiquities of the Louvre
Bünsow Land is a land area at the inner end of Isfjorden at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It forms a peninsula between Billefjorden and Sassenfjorden and Tempelfjorden. Bünsow Land is named after Friedrich Christian Ernestus Bünsow.
Bünsow Land is included in the Sassen – Bünsow Land National Park.
References
Geography of Svalbard
Peninsulas of Spitsbergen
Holyoake Range () is a mountain range in the southern section of the Churchill Mountains, extending in a northwest–southeast direction for about between Prince Philip Glacier and Errant Glacier.
It and the Churchill Mountains are part of the Transantarctic Mountains System.
The Holyoake Range was named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee for the Rt. Hon. Keith Holyoake who, first as Minister of Agriculture, then as Prime Minister, and later than Leader of the Opposition, gave strong support to New Zealand participation in the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition of 1956–58.
Features
Geographical features include:
Adams Bluff
Cambrian Bluff
Errant Glacier
Gutenberg Glacier
Hunt Mountain
Mansergh Snowfield
Melrose Peak
Mount Richter
Peters Peak
References
Mountain ranges of the Ross Dependency
Transantarctic Mountains
Shackleton Coast
Qualification for shooting at the 2024 Summer Paralympics begins from June 7, 2022. There will be three events for male and female sports shooters and seven mixed events. There will be a total of 160 athlete quotas (45 male, 60 female, 55 gender free).
Timeline
Detailed direct allocation slots are listed in the qualification slots section.
* Subject to change.
Qualification requirements
Eligibility scores
Each athlete from each NPC must at least aim to score targets in each medalling event in the qualifying tournaments.
Summary
Qualification slots
An NPC may enter a maximum of two (2) eligible athletes per medal event.
An athlete may only obtain one (1) qualification slot for his/her NPC. An NPC may obtain a maximum of two (2) qualification slots per medal event across all Qualification Competitions. The maximum number of events that an athlete may compete in is three (3).
An NPC can be allocated a maximum total of twelve (12) qualification slots, with a maximum of eight (8) slots for male athletes or eight (8) slots for female athletes.
Qualification slots are allocated to the NPCs, not to the individual athlete however in Bipartite Commission Invitation, the slot is allocated to the individual athlete not to the NPC.
After Châteauroux World Cup 2022.
Pistol
P1 – Men's 10 m Air Pistol SH1
P2 – Women's 10 m Air Pistol SH1
P3 – Mixed 25 m Pistol SH1
P4 – Mixed 50 m Pistol SH1
Rifle
R1 – Men's 10 m Air Rifle Standing SH1
R2 – Women's 10 m Air Rifle Standing SH1
R3 – Mixed 10 m Air Rifle Prone SH1
R4 – Mixed 10 m Air Rifle Standing SH2
R5 – Mixed 10 m Air Rifle Prone SH2
R6 – Mixed 50 m Rifle Prone SH1
R7 – Men's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions
R8 – Women's 50 m Rifle 3 Positions
R9 – Mixed 50 m Rifle Prone SH2
References
2024 Summer Paralympics
Summer Paralympic Games
International sports competitions hosted by Paris
2020s in Paris
2024 in disability sport
The Hospital Universitario San Ignacio is a 4th level university hospital in Bogotá, Colombia. It is located within campus of the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana and is home to this school's faculties of Medicine, Nursing and Dentistry. The hospital serves nearly all fields in medical expertise and has been home to several recognised physicians including neurologist Rodolfo Llinás and anesthesiologist Alejandro Jadad. Its ample resources and serving the Downtown and northeast areas of the capital city make it an important referral centre in all fields.
History
Recognition
The Hospital Universitario San Ignacio was recently ranked third best hospital in Colombia, according to the National Ministry of Social Protection.
Departments
Anaesthesiology (Director: Fritz Gempeler, MD)
Cardiology (Director: Ricardo Bohórquez, MD)
Dermatology
Endocrinology (Director: Ana María Gómez, MD)
Epidemiology
Gastroenterology (Director: Albis Hani, MD)
Genetics (Director: Jaime Bernal, MD)
Geriatrics (Director: Carlos A. Cano, MD)
Hemato-oncology
Infectious diseases (Director: Carlos Álvarez, MD)
Internal Medicine (Director: Ricardo Bohórquez, MD)
Mental Health (Director: Carlos Gómez-Restrepo, MD)
Nephrology (Director: Roberto d'Achiardy, MD)
Neurosciences (Director: Felipe Pretelt, MD)
Nutrition and diet
OB/Gyn (Director: Jaime Luis Silva, MD)
Ophthalmology (Director: Giovanni Castaño, MD)
Orthopaedics (Director: Luis Fernando Useche, MD)
ORL (Director: Santiago Gutiérrez, MD)
Paediatrics
Plastic Surgery
Pneumology (Director: Jully Sanchez, MD)
Radiology
Rheumatology (Director: Juan M. Gutiérrez, MD)
Sleep Medicine (Director: Patricia Hidalgo, MD)
Surgery (Director: Mauricio Peláez, MD)
Transplant Unit (Director: Héctor Pulido, MD)
Urology (Director: Juan G. Cataño MD)
Annex facilities
The HUSI works jointly with two leading centres in the field of oncology and genetics. These are:
Centro Javeriano de Oncología (Director: Francisco Henao, MD)
The CJO is the most modern cancer specialised facility in Colombia, offering diagnostic as well as therapeutic alternatives relying on the centre's two linear accelerators. Potential uses including radiosurgery, radiotherapy, brachytherapy and chemotherapy are in service. It serves approx. 150 radiotherapy patients/day, 40 chemotherapy patients/day and 150 consults/day.
Instituto de Genética Humana (Director: Juanita Angel Uribe, MD, PhD)
The IGH offers research for patients in the field of inherited metabolic diseases, familial cancer and other genetic or inherited disorders, via cytogenetic analyses and biochemical testing. It is located behind the hospital, beside the Medical School's morphology dept.
Consulta Externa
The outpatient service atop the annex parking facilities has over 20 rooms, some of which are conditioned for several specialties (High-risk pregnancy care, urology among others).
Faculty of medicine and student life
Students are expected to begin working in the hospital starting 5th semester (3rd year). At this point rotations for semioloy require only 2-3h daily practise. However, starting 6th semester and onward, students must work in the hospital permanently in the various rotations according to the specialty (as long as they are not rotating in other hospitals). This also requires 12- to 24-hour night rounds.
For this purpose, the hospital has conditioned a student area on the 6th floor, with over 60 bunkbeds divided into 12 rooms (each with its own toilet and shower), a TV room, lockers and study rooms. Further improvements are expected soon.
See also
Pontificia Universidad Javeriana
Pontificia Universidad Javeriana Faculty of Medicine
References
External links
Official website of the HUSI
Official website of the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana - Faculty of Medicine
Hospital buildings completed in 1953
Hospitals in Colombia
Medical education in Colombia
Teaching hospitals
Hospitals established in 1953
Buildings and structures in Bogotá
The Doud Building, also known as the James Doud Building is a historic commercial building in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California. It was built and designed in 1932, by master builder Michael J. Murphy as a mixed-use retail shop and residence. It is an example of a Spanish Colonial Revival architecture style building. The structure is recognized as an important commercial building in the city's Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey, and was nominated and submitted to the California Register of Historical Resources on February 21, 2003. The building is now occupied by the Mad Dogs & Englishmen Bike Shop and the Carmel Sport clothing store.
History
The Doud Building was established for business person and real estate developer James Doud and their family, in 1932 as a mixed-use retail shop and residence, located on the SW corner of Ocean Avenue and Mission Street in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, opposite the Reardon Building, which it meant to mirror.
It is a two-story wood-frame, concrete, stucco Spanish Colonial-style building with the original corner tower. The Reardon Building, directly across Ocean Avenue, has a similar tower. The ground level has a succession of large, fixed pane arcade show windows that were created in a 1970 remodel that cost $15,000 (). The upstairs multipaned inset casement windows with original extended wrought iron balconies and railings are accessible by double-pane French doors that lead to an office space that was originally an apartment. Inset Moorish tiles and beveled corners cover the tower that is topped with a hipped Spanish tile roof. A second story insert balcony has a diamond pattern railing. There is a basement retail shop to the rear of the building.
The building qualified for inclusion in the city's Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey, and has been nominated and submitted to the California Register of Historical Resources on February 21, 2003. The property is significant under the California Register criterion 1, in the area of history, as a Spanish Colonial Revival commercial building that was built on the site of the Manzanita Club that was the main social gathering place in Carmel from 1916 to 1926. The building was designed and built by master builder Michael J. Murphy in 1932 at a cost of $6,300 (). Developer Samuel Finley Brown Morse made use of this style for houses built in Pebble Beach, California, and the style was used in downtown Carmel in the late 1920s and 1930s.
The Ocean Avenue property has been the home of many businesses over the years. It was the site of Doctor Becks's Drug store built by Hugh W. Comstock. The drug store was later demolished, and M. J. Murphy built the Doud Building as an altered Spanish Colonial Revival for commercial shops. Several additions and remodeling's took place over the years. The upstairs apartment was converted to an office and studio space after World War II. Local architect Robert Jones used the office during the 1950s and 1960s. In 1970, Comstock did a remodel of the former dry cleaners into an Orange Julius corner store for $15,000 ().
James C. Doud
James "Jimmy" Cooper Doud (1902-1984) was born on May 17, 1902, in Monterey, California, in a house built by their grandfather. They were from the pioneering Doud family, which arrived in Monterey in the 1840s. Their father was Thomas Doud (1854-1929) and mother was Margaret Boland (1865-1950). They were engaged to Leslie Thorne in Chicago in 1926. They married Frances Lillian Allen (1901-1993) ca. 1928 and they had a son, Dr. Toland "Toley" Sharon Doud (1925-2007) of Carmel Valley, and a daughter Stephanie "Peggy" Doud (1928-2002) of Pebble Beach; and one half sibling, Louise Glassell-Warren (1922-2011) of Mollinson, N.J. They were married for 56 years.
They attended Stanford University in 1927. Doud was stationed with the Army at the Presidio of San Francisco during World War II. They worked in real estate for the Del Monte Prosperities Company out of the Hotel Del Monte. In the 1920s, they worked for William Wrigley and was sales manager for the Arizona Biltmore project that included a golf course and homes. After the death of their father in 1929, they returned to Monterey to run the family ranches near King City, California and the old Soberanes Ranch (now Garrapata State Park), below Carmel Highlands, California, where they took an active part in roundup, branding, and in cattle drives. Doud was active in the development and sale of subdivisions in and near Carmel. Paradise Park, east of Carpenter Street and north of Ocean Avenue, became a subdivision in February 1918 was acquired by Doud and attorney William L. Hudson in 1940. Throughout the 1940s, they promoted Paradise Park and sold lots, with streets named Escole, Sterling, and Perry Newberry.
Doud joined Corum Jackson as a partner in the Carmel Realty Company. They also purchased property adjacent to the Mission Tract and Rancho Rio Vista. James Doud also owned The Doud Arcade that was a two-story commercial building built in 1961. It is the home for local craftsmen, which has offices on the second floor and shops and restaurants on the ground floor. It is located on Ocean Avenue SW of San Carolos Street. The arcade connects with The Doud Craft Studios, which was home to the Italian restaurant Paolina's. Doud retired in 1969.
Doud died on August 28, 1984, in Honolulu, Hawaii, at the age of 82. They were buried in the Monterey City Cemetery in Monterey, California. Funeral services took place on September 8, 1984 at the Santa Rosa Lia Chapel at the San Carlos Cemetery.
See also
List of Historic Buildings in Carmel-by-the-Sea
References
External links
Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey
1932 establishments in California
Carmel-by-the-Sea, California
Buildings and structures in Monterey County, California
Mustafa Altıntaş (1 January 1939 – 10 November 2010), otherwise known as Mustafa Köylü, was a Turkish footballer who played for Bursaspor and Kocaelispor.
Death
Mustafa died of cancer in Kartepe, Turkey on 10 November 2010.
Personal life
Mustafa's sons Yusuf Altıntaş and Yaşar Altıntaş, and their grandson Batuhan Altıntaş all have played professional football in the Turkish Süper Lig.
References
External links
Turkish footballers
Bursaspor footballers
Kocaelispor footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
Association football forwards
1939 births
2010 deaths
People from Kartepe
, also known as The Asahi Picture News, was a Japanese weekly pictorial magazine that ran from 1923 until 2000.
Asahi Graph started on 25 January 1923 as a daily feature from Asahi Shinbunsha (publisher of Asahi Shimbun and soon also of Asahi Camera); this ran until 1 September 1923 when it was stopped by the major earthquake in Tokyo. It was back as a weekly from 14 November. In 1926 it was joined by Asahi Graphic (朝日グラフィック) which the Osaka branch of Asahi Shinbunsha had been publishing since 2 January 1921.
Asahi Graph survived World War II and reemerged as something of a Japanese equivalent of the US magazine Life. (Mainichi Graph, from Asahi's rival Mainichi Shinbunsha, was similar.) The last regular issue of the magazine is dated 13 October 2000.
References
Shirayama Mari. "Major Photography Magazines". In The History of Japanese Photography, ed. Ann Wilkes Tucker, et al. New Haven: Yale University Press, 2003. . pp. 378–85. pp. 379–80.
Shirayama Mari (白山眞理). Nihon no shashin/kamera zasshi (日本の写真・カメラ雑誌). Nihon shashin-shi gaisetsu (日本写真史概説, "An outline history of photography in Japan"). Tokyo: Iwanami, 1999. . pp. 38–9.
External links
1923 establishments in Japan
2000 disestablishments in Japan
Asahi Shimbun Company
Defunct magazines published in Japan
Magazines established in 1923
Magazines disestablished in 2000
Weekly magazines published in Japan
Magazines published in Tokyo
Mass media in Osaka
Santé Diabète (SD) (Health Diabetes) is a French Non-governmental organization (NGOs) whose headquarters are in Grenoble (France) which is working on strengthening health systems to improve the prevention and management of diabetes in Africa. As part of a chronic disease like diabetes, improving the quality of care saves thousands of lives but also improves the quality of life for people living with diabetes.
History
The NGO Santé Diabète was created in 2001, by Stephane Besançon current CEO of the organization.
Santé Diabète was created following research conducted in Mali on the fonio (cereal that is present in West Africa) and diabetes with the International Center for Agronomic Research for Development (CIRAD) which enabled Stephane Besançon to be aware of the impact of diabetes on the African continent but also and especially the lack of access to health care for people living with diabetes in Africa and the lack of consideration of the issue by development actors (sponsors, United Nations, NGOs).
Purpose
Santé Diabète has focused on strengthening health systems to improve the prevention and management of diabetes, by supporting the development of long term field projects, of research projects or short-term expertise in many African countries.
The NGO focuses its work on a comprehensive approach including all the axes necessary for the establishment of prevention and care of quality for diabetes. This innovative approach is realized in practice by the development of 6 components:
Investing in primary prevention to reduce the human and economic burden of the disease progression.
Investing in the decentralization of care to ensure geographic accessibility to a care of quality.
Investing in secondary and tertiary prevention "therapeutic education" to reduce the burden of complications due to diabetes.
Investing in the reduction of care costs for geographic accessibility to a care of quality.
Investing in an integrated approach including active involvement of patients and their families through their associations by promoting self-management mechanisms and advocacy allowing them to defend their rights.
Investing in research - action to develop innovative approaches.
This approach is developed in the field with the institutional partners (public authorities, administrative authorities and local government).
This positioning into technical assistance to support prevention policies and treatment of diabetes implemented by the states ensures that the interventions done by the NGO can achieve long-term solutions.
In parallel to these field operations, Santé Diabète support many governments in the development or implementation of their diabetes policy.
More recently, the NGO Santé Diabète has also invested in France in the development of projects in development and international solidarity education.
Interventions areas
Field Project
Mali
Burkina Faso
Senegal
Union of the Comoros
Research and academic activities
Tanzania, Benin et Guinea.
Internal organization
Santé Diabète has 30 staff (data 2014) which is distributed among the various operational offices: Grenoble (France), Bamako (Mali), Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso) and Dakar (Senegal).
This team is working under the direction of a voluntary board of 12 members. This board includes people from different backgrounds and different nationalities (officials, doctors, professional of development, humanitarian, researchers, communications professionals, people with diabetes, academics, students, etc. ..) ensuring orientation of the organization.
Finally, in addition to these organs, Santé Diabète has a scientific advisory board of physicians and scientists of the highest levels from various specialties and different countries:
Anthropology
Development Economics
Educational Sciences
Epidemiology
Health Economics
Medicine
Public Policy
Sociology
Partners
Field results and the pole of experts involved have gradually done the NGO Santé Diabète the structure of international reference for many international organizations with which the NGO has established close partnerships:
International Diabetes Federation (IDF)
World Health Organization (WHO)
West African Health Organization (WAHO)
Francophone Society of Diabetes (SFD)
University of Montreal: Centre for Research on the nutritional transition (TRANSNUT)
University Hospital of Grenoble (France)
University Hospital of the Reunion Island (France)
Geneva University (Switzerland)
Association Française des Diabétiques (AFD)
Association des Jeunes Diabétiques (AJD)
International Insulin Foundation (IIF)
World Diabetes Foundation (WDF)
Publication and conferences
Books
Stéphane Besançon et Kaushik Ramaiya. Diabète Afrique. Edition ONG Santé Diabète, 2010, 80 pages.
Publications
Betz Brown J, Ramaiya K, Besançon S, Rheeder P, Mapa Tassou C, Mbanya J.C, Kissimova-Skarbek K, Wangechi Njenga E, Wangui Muchemi E, Kiambuthi Wanjiru H, Schneide E. Use of Medical Services and Medicines Attributable to Diabetes in Sub-Saharan Africa, PLOS One, September 2014
Besançon S, Beran D, Bouenizabila E. Accès à l'insuline dans les pays en voie de développement: une problématique complexe. Médecine des Maladies Métaboliques, April 2014
Besançon S, Sidibé A, Traoré B, Amadou D, Djeugoue P, Coulon AL, Halimi S. Injecter de l'aide dans une région oubliée Diabetes Voice, Volume 59, March 2014
Besançon S, Sidibé A. Le diabète : un enjeu de santé publique au Mali. Soins, N°781, December 2013
Besançon S. Afrique et diabète: La fin d'un paradoxe. Diabète et Obésité, Volume 8, N° 72, October 2013
Besançon S, Sidibé A.T. La société civile face à l'urgence du diabète au Mali. Diabetes Voice, Volume 57, July 2012
Delisle H, Besançon S, Mbanya JC, Dushimimana A, Kapur A, Leitzmann C, Makoutodé M, Stover PJ. Empowering our profession in Africa. World Nutrition May 2012, 3, 6, 269-284
Drabo J, Sidibé A, Halimi S, Besançon S. Une approche multipartenaire du développement de l'excellence dans la formation à la gestion du diabète dans quatre pays africains. Diabetes Voice, Volume 56, June 2011
Debussche X, Balcou-Debussche M, Besançon S, Sidibé AT. Challenges to diabetes self-management in developing countries. Volume 54, Special Issue World diabetes congress, October 2009
Besançon S, Sidibé AT, Nientao I. Décentralisation des soins du diabète au Mali, Un exemple de travail en réseau. Développement et Santé, July 2009
Besançon S, Sidibé AT, Nientao I. Adaptation des recommandations pour la prise en charge du diabète en Afrique. Développement et Santé, July 2009
Besançon S, Sidibé AT, Nientao I. Le diabète au Mali : aspects diététiques. Développement et Santé, July 2009
Besançon S, Sidibé AT, Nientao I, Sow DS. Comment a été développé le programme de prévention et de prise en charge spécifique du pied diabétique au Mali ?. Développement et Santé, July 2009
Beran D, Besançon S, Sidibé AT. Le diabète un nouvel enjeu de santé publique pour les pays en voie de développement : l'exemple du Mali. Médecine des maladies Métaboliques, March 2007
Besançon S. L'Association Malienne de Lutte contre le Diabète. Diabetes Voice, Volume 51 Numéro 3, September 2006
Beran D, Besançon S. Report of the International Insulin Foundation on the assessment protocol for insulin access in Mali, December 2004
Conferences
Symposium international de Libreville sur le diabète (2014). Besançon S. “Apport des pairs éducateurs dans l'éducation thérapeutique des patients diabétiques au Mali”. Libreville, Gabon, 6 et 7 juin 2014
Médecins Sans Frontière (MSF) International Diabetes Workshop (2014). Besançon S. “Management of diabetes in emergency contexts: a case study from Mali”. Genève, Suisse, 3 et 4 juin 2014
Médecins Sans Frontière (MSF) International Diabetes Workshop (2014). Besançon S. “Advocacy and International network on diabetes management in Africa”. Genève, Suisse, 3 et 4 juin 2014
2nd African Diabetes Summit (2014). Besançon S., Diabetes in war and conflicts. Yaounde, Cameroun, February 25 to 28, 2014
World Diabetes Congress (2013). Besançon S. "Peer educators structured educational intervention in type 2 diabetes - a randomised controlled trial in Mali". Melbourne, Australia, 2 au 6 décembre 2013
Symposium international de Libreville sur le diabète (2013). Besançon S. Accès au traitement pour le diabète: problématique médico-économique et logistique. Libreville, Gabon, 7 et 8 juin 2013
Congress of the French speaking society of diabetes (2013). Besançon S. Diabetes Africa : the end of a paradox. Montpellier international congress center. Montpellier, France, March 28, 2013
Regional Forum on NCDs : "Integrated and evidence-informed approaches to tackling NCDs in the West African Sub-Region". Besançon S. Development of prevention and management of diabetes in Mali. West African Health Organization (WAHO). Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, 20–21 November 2012,
The African Diabetes Congress (1st Scientific Sessions). Besançon S. Role of nutrition in the prevention and management of diabetes : research and programs developed in Mali. Arusha International Congress Center. Arusha, Tanzania, 25 – 28 July 2012.
Symposium international de Libreville sur le diabète en Afrique. Besançon S. Méthodologie développée pour décentraliser les soins pour le diabète au Mali. Libreville, Gabon, 1er et 2 juin 2012
Geneva Health Forum 2012. Besançon. S. State-NGO Partnership to Improve the Prevention and Management of Diabetes in Mali? Geneva (Suisse), April, 18–20 April 2012.
Expert Meeting on Indigenous Peoples, Diabetes and Development. Besançon S. Diabetes Education & Nutrition in Mali, Improving Care Amongst the Tuareg Population. Copenhaguen, Danemark, 01 and 2 March 2012
Therapeutic Patient Education: Issues and Perspectives. Besançon S. Developing the therapeutic education with limited resources: what Challenges ? The example of Mali. La Reunion, France, 24 février 2012
Sommet Africain Francophone du Diabète (SAFDIA). Besançon S. Sidibe AT. Décentralisation des soins pour le diabète, l'example du Mali. Brazzaville, Congo, 27 au 29 octobre 2011
Sustainability Leadership Programme – Cambridges university. Besançon S. Access to health and especially to drugs for diabetic patients, what perspective for the NGO Santé Diabète ? Copenhagen, Denmark, Wednesday 28th – Friday 30 September 2011
Séminaires du centre collaborateur OMS sur la transition nutritionnelle et le développement (TRANSNUT). Besançon S. Développement : des actions de recherches pour soutenir les activités de terrain et celles de plaidoyer. Centre TRANSNUT. Département de nutrition, Faculté de médecine Université de Montréal - 18 mai 2011
WHO African Region Ministerial Consultation on Non communicable Diseases. Besançon S., Collaboration State - NGO to improve prevention and management of diabetes in Mali. Brazzaville, Congo, 4–6 April 2011
Diabetes Leadership Forum Africa 2010. Besançon. S, Traore. N. M. Leveraging multi-stakeholder engagement in diabetes care. Johannesburg (Afrique du Sud), 30 septembre – 01 octobre 2010
Social and Economic Impact of Diabetes International Expert Summit. Besançon. S. Panel expert: Economic impact of diabetes in Africa. Pékin (Chine), 13-14 novembre 2010.
World Diabetes Congress. Nientao. I. Besançon. S. IDF Study on the Economic and Social Impact of Diabetes in Mali. Montréal (Canada), October 2009
African Diabetes Congress. Besançon. S. Sidibe.A. Nientao. I. Nutritional management of diabetes in Africa a new hope. Nairobie (Kenya), 2007
World Diabetes Congress. Besançon. S. Sidibe.A. T. Nientao. I. Nutritional management of diabetes in Africa the example of Mali. Cape Town (Afrique du sud), 2006
Symposium International sur le diabète. Besançon.S. How was the program developed « Towards an improved coverage of Diabetes Mellitus in Mali ». Manilles (Philippines). Avril 2006
References
External links
Health charities in France
International medical and health organizations
International volunteer organizations
Organizations established in 2001
Diabetes organizations
The Beck Cultural Exchange Center is a museum in Knoxville, Tennessee. The museum was established in 1975 to preserve the city's history, but its mission subsequently broadened to tell the story of the history and culture of African-Americans in East Tennessee.
The Center's collection includes more than fifty thousand artifacts, and a 2022 expansion into the Delaney Museum, which will honor Beauford Delaney and Joseph Delaney in the artists last home, will allow the center to better showcase those artifacts.
References
External links
Museums established in 1975
Museums in Knoxville, Tennessee
African-American cultural history
African-American museums in Tennessee
Eastern Conference Records is an independent record label based in New York City. It is owned and operated by DJ Mighty Mi, the DJ/producer for the High & Mighty.
During the label's brief heyday, it represented underground rappers such as Cage, Tame One (one-half of the duo The Artifacts), R.A. the Rugged Man, and The Weathermen, a supergroup created by Copywrite78 ( rapper , producer ) MHz and Cage, Aesop Rock, Copywrite, Tame One, Breeze Brewin of the Juggaknots, El-P, Camu Tao, and Yak Ballz.
History
Beginnings
Mr. Eon established the Eastern Conference imprint in 1996, in the midst of the late nineties indie boom of rap. During this epoch, which spanned from roughly 1996 to 2002, a renewed interest in vinyl records provided a niche market for many smaller record labels and fiercely independent rappers. In addition to Eastern Conference, Rawkus Records, Fondle 'Em Records, Solesides, and Stones Throw Records were established during this time period. The former two were based in New York alongside Eastern Conference, and the latter two in California.
Similar to both Fondle 'Em and Rawkus, Eastern Conference was initially a vinyl-only imprint. Critical response to the label's early output was positive, and the first Eastern Conference single, The High & Mighty's "It's All Good / Hands-On Experience (feat. Bobbito the Barber & El-P) / Cranial Lumps" quickly reached cult status on the strength of "Hands-On Experience", a whimsical ode to masturbation.
During its first three years of existence, Eastern Conference continued to release successful twelve-inch singles from the Smut Peddlers, Jurassic 5's Chali 2na, The High & Mighty, and Mad Skillz. The label's eye for new talent steadily built its reputation as an up-and-coming imprint in the contemporary rap scene.
In 1998, Eastern Conference released its first compilation, Eastern Conference All-Stars. This release was essentially a collection of the first eight or so vinyl singles, drawing comparisons to Rawkus Records' Soundbombing.
Peak and decline
In 1999, Eastern Conference Records began distributing through Rawkus Records, which had become an extremely successful label in its own right. This began what could arguably be called Eastern Conference's most successful period. During this time, two relatively successful albums were released: The High & Mighty's Home Field Advantage and the Smut Peddlers' Porn Again. Both cracked the Billboard Top 200 (the former at #193 and the latter at #184), and had strong supporting singles: "B-Boy Document '99 (featuring Mad Skillz & Mos Def)" and "That Smut", respectively. Amidst these successes, the label continued to release positively received twelve-inch singles, including Mad Skillz' "Ghostwriter" and Cage's "Suicidal Failure".
When Eastern Conference's two-year contract to Rawkus was up, Mighty Mi made the decision to sever ties with Rawkus and continue to "build independently", without releasing records under a major label. They soon found a distributor (Landspeed Records, who had released the first Eastern Conference All-Stars), and quickly began releasing material. The first release under Landspeed was, fittingly, Eastern Conference All Stars II, an all-new compilation featuring music from Jurassic 5, Big Daddy Kane, Reef the Lost Cauze, Tame 1, and The Last Emperor.
During the next three years, however, Eastern Conference experienced a dramatic decline in interest and support from rap fans. One speculated reason for this is that since the label no longer enjoyed major label backing, as it had through Rawkus, it became harder to distribute their projects as widely and promote them as heavily. However, many hip-hop fans claim that Eastern Conference's output simply suffered from a lack of overall quality.
Additionally, the label was dealt a harsh blow when Cage, along with their group the Weathermen, the label's biggest selling act, moved to the Definitive Jux label. When asked about the move in a HipHopSite.com interview, Cage replied
"I hit a ceiling with E.C., period. That was it. I wasn't making money. The amount of money I made with them, I could have made myself. But then again, in doing it myself, how many more pieces would I have sold? I'd be kind of doing the same thing, just not splitting the money so many different ways. But it was about expansion, about growth. It's what artists do."
However, Cage later stated that another reason for theirs leaving the label was financial mismanagement and lack of proper marketing and promotion for their albums. Instead, they claimed that Mighty Mi (and, to an extent, Mr. Eon) were funneling the label's money into their own projects. Encouraged by Cage, other artists who had formerly recorded for EC and supported their claims of Mighty Mi's sloppy business dealings. This created a storm of bad publicity for Eastern Conference Records & Mighty Mi, and were nearly as damaging as Cage's departure itself. Shortly after, other Weathermen, Yak Ballz and Tame One followed Cage and moved to other labels.
Whether caused by the artists' claims or not, Eastern Conference's output was drastically reduced from 2005 onward; the label released four albums in 2005, one album in 2006, and by June 2007 had only released one album.
Current label status
The current status of Eastern Conference Records is somewhat of a mystery. The label's website, ECRecs.com, is no longer functional, and output has been extremely limited. By June 2007, the only source of information about upcoming Eastern Conference releases was through DJ Mighty Mi's MySpace page.
In 2013 the label released Cage's fourth studio album Kill the Architect.
Artist roster
Current artists / groups (As of August 2013)
The High & Mighty
Sub-Conscious
Cage
Former artists / groups
Ill-Advised / Baby Blak
Mad Skillz
Smut Peddlers
The Weathermen
Nighthawks
Leak Bros
Camu Tao
R.A. the Rugged Man
Chief Kamachi & The JuJu Mob
Reef the Lost Cauze
Copywrite
Yak Ballz
Tame One
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
Eastern Conference All-Stars II Review
Cage interview @ HipHopSite.com
Eastern Conference Records Discography
Record labels established in 1996
American independent record labels
Hip hop record labels
Busst is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Busst (born 1967), English footballer and manager
John Busst (1909–1971), Australian artist and conservationist
The UEFA Women's Champions League is a women's association football competition established in 2001. It is the only international competition for European women's football clubs. The competition is open to the league champions of all UEFA member associations who run such championships; 46 of UEFA's 53 member associations have entered. The top eight associations may enter two teams, and the titleholder is also entitled to an additional spot if they do not qualify through their domestic league. The first final was held in a single match final. Between 2003 and 2009, the final was contested in two legs, one at each participating club's home, but the single match was reinstated in 2010. The competition was known as UEFA Women's Cup until 2009.
French side Lyon holds the record with eight titles. Umeå and VfL Wolfsburg hold the distinction of losing the final the most times with three final losses each. Germany is the most successful member association with nine titles.
List of finals
Performances
By teams
By nation
See also
List of European Cup and UEFA Champions League finals
List of UEFA Cup and Europa League finals
List of UEFA Cup Winners' Cup finals
List of UEFA Super Cup matches
List of UEFA Intertoto Cup winners
Notes
References
General
Specific
External links
UEFA Women's Cup official history
UEFA Women's Champions League
UEFA Women's Champions League
Women's sport-related lists
Arulmigu Subramaniya Swamy Temple is a Hindu temple, on the hill of Thiruttani, Tiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu, India, dedicated to Lord Muruga. The hill has 365 steps indicating 365 days of the year. It is fifth among the six abodes of Lord Muruga (Aarupadai veedugal) The other five are Palani Murugan Temple, Swamimalai Murugan Temple, Thiruchendur Murugan Temple, Thiruparankundram and Pazhamudircholai Murugan Temple. Thiruttani is from Chennai. During the Sangam era, Thiruttani was known as Kundruthoradal. After killing the demon Tharakasura in Tiruchendur, they came here to subside their anger, so Soorasamharam is not conducted here.
History
The origins of this temple, are buried in antiquity. This temple has been mentioned in the Sangam period work Tirumurugaatruppadai composed by Nakkeerar. It has been patronized by the Vijayanagar rulers and local chieftains and zamindars. The original animal mount of Murugan is believed to have been an elephant, compared to the peacock which is considered to be the most common mount. The white elephant, is considered a powerful, terror striking animal. The iconography is maintained only in two places, namely, this temple and Tiruttani Murugan Temple.
Legend
Legend also has it that Indra the king of the Gods gave their daughter Deivayanai in marriage to Skanda, and along with them presented their elephant Airavatam as part of their offering. Upon Airavatam's departure Indra found their wealth waning. Subramanyar is said to have offered to return the white elephant, however Indra bound by protocol refused to accept a gift that they had made, and insisted that the elephant face their direction, hence the image of the elephant in this temple also faces the east.
Another legend has it that Indra presented a sandal stone as a part of their daughter's gift. The sandal paste made on this stone is applied to the image of Subramanya and the applied paste is said to acquire medicinal value. Legend also has it that Skanda bore the discus thrown by the demon Tarakasuran on their chest, and hence there is a hollow in the chest region of the image of Subramanya in this temple. Legend also has it that Skanda gifted the discus to Vishnu. Skanda is also believed to have imparted knowledge of Tamil to the sage Agasthyar and they are regarded as Veeramurthy, Gnanamurthy and Acharyamurthy in this shrine.
Lord Rama, after putting an end to Ravana, worshipped Lord Siva at Rameswaram and then came to Tiruttani to find perfect peace of mind by worshipping Lord Subrahmanya here. In Dvapara Yuga, Arjuna got the blessings by offering prayers to Him on their way to the South for Teertha Yatra (pilgrimage to take sacred immersion). Vishnu prayed to the Lord and got back their powerful Chakra (sacred wheel), Shanku (sacred conch), which were forcibly seized from them by Tarakasura, brother of Soorapadma. Lord Brahma propitiated the Lord here at the holy spring known as Brahmasonai after their imprisonment by our Lord for their failure to explain the Pranava ('Om' mantra) and got back their creative function of which they were deprived by our Lord due to their egotistic impudence in neglecting to worship Subrahmanya on their way to Mount Kailasa to worship Siva.
The final steps to the eastern entrance.
On worshipping at Thanikai, the king of snakes Vasuki got their bodily wounds healed, which had been caused during the churning process in the Milky Ocean to secure the Amrita (nectar of immortality) by the devas and asuras when the Mantotra Mountain was used as the churning base and the snake king Vasuki as the rope. Sage Agasthyar Muni (of Potikai Hill) worshipped Muruga at Tanikai when they were blessed with the divine gift of the Tamil language.
Architecture
The temple is located on a hill named Thanigai hill reached with 60 steps. The temple has a five-tiered gopuram and four precincts. There are several water bodies associated with the temple. The temple has two shrines, namely, Murugan in the form of Shaktidharar and the shrines of Valli and Deivayanai in two other shrines.
Religious significance
Apart from its puranic greatness, Saint Arunagirinathar has praised this hill as the chosen place for worship by devas and the favorite abode of saints performing prolonged tapas. They also compared this hill to Sivaloka (Bhuloka) and as the very soul of the world. Sri Muthuswami Dikshitar, who lived 200 years ago (one of the trinity of Carnatic music) had their inspiration in Tiruttani when Murugan (in the guise of an old man) met them on the steps and sweetened their tongue with the prasadam of this temple, which impelled them to compose and render their first krithi "Shri Nathadhi Guruguho Jayathi Jayathi"(song) Murugan of Tanikai. The temple vimanam was covered by gold.
Administration
The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Timings
Usually the temple is open from 5:45a.m. to 21:00. On special days, the temple is open full day in between 12pm to 3 pm is closed on some festival time
Festivals
Besides the monthly Kiruthikais which attract a large number of devotees to this shrine, the two outstanding annual festivals are the Aadi Krittikai and 31 December New Year Step Festival. The float festival is celebrated in the month of Aadi, Bhramotsavam in the month of Maasi, during which Valli Kalyanam is celebrated on the 8th day, and the Skanda Sashti is celebrated in the Tamil month of Aippasi.
Aadi Krittikai
Aadi Krittikai festival (in July–August) lasts for three days with Float Festival when hundreds of thousands of devotees come to this holy place from far and near. The streets are thronged to the full. About one fifty thousand flower kavadis (which increase with each year) are offered to the deity. The sight of the devotees who carry them, uttering the sacred and inspiring "Haro Hara!" as they march and dance in long rows touches the very core of devotees' hearts and makes them spellbound.
Notes
References
External links
Official Temple page
Murugan Temples
Hindu temples in Tiruvallur district
Murugan temples in Tamil Nadu
Kaumaram
Joysagar Tank, also known as Joysagar Borpookhuri is a large tank located at Sivasagar district, Assam, India. The lake is 5 km from the center of the Sivasagar town. The lake has historical significance.
History
The lake was made during the reign of the renowned Ahom king, Rudra Singha. About 5 km from the Sivasagar township, three set of temples are located on the northern bank of the lake. The most renowned among these sanctuaries is the Joy Dol, which is also known as the Kesavanarayan Vishnudole. As the name recommends, the sanctuary is devoted to Lord Vishnu and their numerous manifestations. This lake was formed on 1697, in just 45 days. The lake was made in the memory of Joymoti Konwari, mother of Rudra Singha. The lake covers area of 318 acres (1.28 square km). The water level of the lake is 14 feet higher from ground level.
Tourism
The lake attracts international tourists. The northern bank of the lake has many temples which are visited by the locals every day. Joysagar is one of the most famous tourist attractions of Sivasagar and is visited by people in large numbers. During winters, Joysagar lake becomes home to hundreds of migratory birds. During this time bird watching is an important activity.
See also
List of lakes in India
List of lakes of Assam
Sivasagar Tank (Borpukhuri)
References
Lakes of Assam
Tourism in Northeast India
Sivasagar district
Henry William Worley (April 9, 1877 – August 5, 1938) was the 41st mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 37th person to serve in that office. They were elected in 1931 and served Columbus during the rise of the New Deal programs during the presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. After one term in office they were defeated in the 1935 mayoral election by Myron B. Gessaman.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Henry W. Worley at Political Graveyard
Mayors of Columbus, Ohio
1877 births
1938 deaths
Politicians from London
English emigrants to the United States
Ohio Democrats
Mark Amofah (born 7 July 1987) is a Ghanaian-born footballer who plays as a striker.
Career
Liberty Professionals F.C. bought Amofah from Fauzan F.C. in 2002 for an undisclosed fee. They spent the 2004 season on loan at Real Sportive. They scored 10 goals in 15 appearances to become the third highest-scoring player that year. In 2006 they joined Asante Kotoko SC. They joined Bloemfontein Celtic in 2007 and was declared surplus to the club. They joined Danish Superligaen SønderjyskE in 2009 in a two-year contract. In 2010 they joined Beitar Ramla. They returned to Ghana's premier league in 2011 with their former club Liberty Professionals. In 2012 they left Ghana and played with Phatthalung F.C. They played for Sitra Club in January 2014.
References
1987 births
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
László Dvorák (born 24 November 1964 in Kőszeg) is a Hungarian former wrestler who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Hungary
Wrestlers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male sport wrestlers
Sterling is an unincorporated community in Skagit County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
Sterling was laid out in 1878. A post office called Sterling was established in 1879, and remained in operation until 1890.
References
Unincorporated communities in Skagit County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
Timothy Peter Softley is Pro-vice-chancellor (PVC) for research and knowledge transfer at the University of Birmingham.
Education
Softley was educated at The Hewett School in Norwich and Wadham College, Oxford. They moved to the University of Southampton to complete a PhD supervised by Alan Carrington in 1984. From 1986 to 1987 Softley worked as a post doctoral researcher in the group of Richard Zare at the Stanford University.
Career and research
Softley is distinguished for their advances in two areas of Chemical Physics. First, the study of atoms and molecules in highly excited quantum states, known as Rydberg states. They have used their understanding of their properties, gained from laser spectroscopy and theory, to develop new applications including the study of model charge-transfer processes at solid-gas interfaces. Second, they have pioneered unique experiments utilising combinations of novel physical devices for making cold atoms, molecules and ions, for studying the kinetics and dynamics of chemical processes at ultralow temperatures – close to the absolute zero of temperature – where quantum effects determine the reactivity.
Much of their work was conducted in a twenty five-year period at Merton College, Oxford , where they served as head of the Department of Chemistry, University of Oxford from 2011 to 2015. Their former doctoral students include Helen H. Fielding.
Awards and honours
Softley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2018 for substantial contribution to the improvement of natural knowledge.  They are also a Fellow of the Institute of Physics (FInstP) and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry (FRSC). They were also awarded a Royal Society University Research Fellow (URF) at the University of Cambridge, held a Harkness Fellowship at Stanford University and was awarded the Corday Morgan Medal in 1994.
References
Living people
Fellows of the Royal Society
People educated at The Hewett School
Fellows of Merton College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society of Chemistry
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Year of birth missing (living people)
An Caisteal () is a mountain in the Breadalbane region of the Scottish Highlands, south of the village of Crianlarich. It is a Munro with a height of .
Overview
An Caisteal, which qualifies as a Munro, is located in a popular area for hill walking within a group of seven Munros and fourteen tops which stand on the eastern side of Glen Falloch in the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. The mountain reaches a height of 995 metres (3,264 feet) and is usually climbed together with the neighbouring Munro of Beinn a' Chroin, to which it is connected by a high col to the south east. The mountain's name translates from Gaelic as "the castle" and is believed to refer to the prominent castellated rocks at the summit which serve as an easy way of identifying it from a distance.
Geography
An Caisteal is a mainly grassy hill with some rocky outcrops on its higher slopes. The mountain is formed by four ridges which radiate from its summit, the north ridge goes over a series of undulating rocky knolls known as Twistin Hill to reach the subsidiary top of Sròn Gharbh (709 metres) before dropping down to the A82 road in Glen Falloch. This northern ridge is the most popular route of ascent and Twistin Hill has some curious features on it as it approaches the summit, there are a number of small caves close to the path and a deep cleft cuts into the ridge. The north west ridge also terminates in Glen Falloch after crossing the lesser top of Stob Glas (710 metres), this ridge can be used for ascent but is not as popular as the route over Twistin Hill.
The other two ridges are shorter and link to other mountains with the south west ridge connecting to the Munro of Beinn Chabhair some two kilometres distant and includes a sharp rough descent and ascent over a low col with a height of 619 metres. The south east ridge links to Beinn a' Chroin across the Bealach Buidhe (805 metres) and the headwaters of the River Falloch. Drainage from the mountain reaches both the east and west coast of Scotland, most precipitation goes via the River Falloch and Loch Lomond to reach the Firth of Clyde at the west coast, however a small amount drains from the southern slopes to go via Strathyre and the River Teith to reach the Firth of Forth at the east coast.
Ascents
An Caisteal is usually ascended from Glen Falloch — there is a large lay by for parking on the A82 at grid reference although it is also possible to start from Derrydaroch farm 2.5 kilometres to the south west. The route goes under the railway by a sheep creep and follows a track by the River Falloch upstream for about a kilometre before striking SW to climb Sròn Gharbh direct across pathless grass. A path is then picked up at the summit of Sròn Gharbh which leads across Twistin Hill and past "The Castle" rocks to reach the summit.
References and Footnotes
The Munros, Scottish Mountaineering Trust, 1986, Donald Bennett (Editor)
The High Mountains of Britain and Ireland, Diadem, 1993, Irvine Butterfield,
100 Best Routes on Scottish Mountains, Warner Books, 1992, Ralph Storer,
Hamish's Mountain Walk, Baton Wicks, 1996, Hamish Brown,
The Munros, Scotland Highest Mountains, Lomond Books 2006, Cameron McNeish,
Footnotes
Munros
Marilyns of Scotland
Mountains and hills of the Southern Highlands
Mountains and hills of Stirling (council area)
The 2014 Liga Indonesia First Division season is the last (19th) edition of Liga Indonesia First Division before the league merged with the Liga Nusantara on 2015 season. After removal of Badan Liga Sepakbola Amatir Indonesia (BLAI) First Division this season is managed by PSSI competition committee and further delegated to the PT. Liga Indonesia (LI).
PS Kwarta Deli Serdang is the last season champion.
The competition starts on 29 April 2014 and finish by 28 September 2014.
Cilegon United became champion after beating Persibat Batang in the final.
Format
As with previous seasons, the competition system used in the First Division this season is a home tournament with a round robin format. League is divided into three groups stage and knock-out round. In the first stage of the club is divided into 12 groups, group winner and runner-up advances to second stage. While the second stage is divided into four groups of six, the winner and runner-up of each group advances to third stage. In the third round the eight teams that qualify from the second round were divided into two groups of four, while the knockout consist of semi-finals and finals as well as the third place playoff. The champions and runner-up will promotion to 2015 Premier Division season
For regulatory and competition manual, still waiting for the discussion to be carried out when the managers meeting on 12 April 2014. Implementation of the 2014 First Division competition will be divided in five innings; the first round, second round, third round, fourth round, and Final. The timing of the competition will spend about five months since the end of April to September.
Both teams were finalists or champions and runners-up First Division competition will get a promotion to the Premier Division for the 2015 season. While the club was ranked three, four, five and six, or who are appearing in the fourth round are entitled to appear at the national level Piala Nusantara (Liga Nusantara) in 2014 as promotion play-off to the Premier Division next year.
Teams
This season there are 73 First Division club participants. A total of 66 clubs participating in amateur competitions ensure First Division. Certainty is obtained in 66 club forums Managers Meeting held in Jakarta and Surabaya, 12 to 13 April 2014.
The 66 clubs are divided into 12 groups based on consideration of the geographic aspects, and agreed to roll out its kick-off on 29 April.
PS Kwarta Deli Serdang (champion), Persinga Ngawi (runner-up), Bintang Jaya Asahan, Martapura FC, Persigubin Gunung Bintang, Villa 2000, PSGC Ciamis and Persida Sidoarjo promotion to the Premier Division this season after finishing in the top eight First Division last season.
PSPP Padang Panjang and Persipal Palu were relegated to the Liga Nusantara this season due to withdrew before the First Division last season started.
Persenga Nganjuk and Persifa Fak-fak do not participate in the First Division this season because of the team they become participants Premier Division this season after last season also featured in the Premier Division LPIS.
PSGL Gayo Lues and PSAB Aceh Besar were relegated from the Premier Division due to withdrew before the Premier Division last season started.
Persipas Paser participated in First Division after the disqualification of the Premier Division last season because of financial problems.
Perssin Sinjai, PSSB Bireuen and Persemalra Maluku Tenggara participated in First Division after not pass the verification participated Premier Division this season.
Cilegon United (champion), Jember United (runner-up), TGM Medan, Rumbai FC, Persilat Central Lampung, U.N.I Bandung, PS Badung, Persesa Sampang, Bontang Mitra United, PSN Nunukan, Persitoli Tolikara and Persiyali Yalimo promotion from Second Division after finishing in the top twelve last season.
First round
In this stage 73 teams divided into twelve groups of six/seven, this round will begin on April 29 and ended on 8 June 2014.
Group A
All matches played in Blangkejeren and Sigli, Aceh.
Group B
All matches played in Siak Sri Indrapura, Riau.
Group C
All matches played in Padang, West Sumatra and Kuantan Singingi Regency, Riau.
Group D
All matches played in Bandar Lampung, Lampung and East Jakarta, Jakarta.
Group E
All matches played in Bogor, West Java and Cilegon, Banten.
Group F
All matches played in Batang Regency, Central Java and Kuningan Regency, West Java.
Group G
All matches played in Banyumas Regency and Kendal Regency, Central Java.
Group H
All matches played in Tuban Regency and Pasuruan Regency, East Java.
Group I
All matches played in Lumajang Regency, East Java and Badung Regency, Bali.
Group J
All matches played in Bontang and East Kutai Regency, East Kalimantan.
Group K
All matches played in Ternate, North Maluku and Nabire, West Papua.
Group L
All matches played in Papua.
Second round
In this stage 24 teams divided into six groups of four. This round will begin on June 16 and ended on June 24, 2014.
Group M
All matches played in Blangkejeren, Aceh.
Group N
All matches played in Cilegon, Banten.
Group O
All matches played in Batang Regency, Central Java.
Group P
All matches played in Tuban Regency, East Java.
Group Q
All matches played in Badung Regency, Bali.
Group R
All matches played in Jayapura, Papua.
Third round
In this stage 12 teams divided into three groups of four. This round will begin on 30 August until 3 September 2014.
Group S
Group T
Group U
Fourth round
In this stage 6 teams divided into two groups of three. This round began on 8 September 2014 and ended on 12 September 2014.
Group V
Group W
Final
The format for this round will be determined at the time of the manager meeting. The winner of each group in the fourth round will compete in the Final. Cilegon United became the champion.
References
Liga Indonesia First Division seasons
3
The national flag of the Union of the Comoros (officially , Comorian: Udzima wa Komori, , ) was designed in 2001 and officially adopted on 23 December 2001. It continues to display the crescent and four stars, which is a motif that has been in use in slightly various forms since 1975 during the independence movement. In its constitution, the government of the Comoros refers to the insignia as , or the "national emblem", though it is understood to actually represent a flag.
Colours
The colours are defined in the constitution as simply yellow, white, red, blue, and green. Nowhere does the government document any specific colour shades.
For lack of any official standard, the colours used at the 2012 Olympics are shown in the table below.
Design
The design consists of a white crescent with four white five-pointed stars inside of a green triangle. The flag has four stripes, representing the four main islands of the nation: yellow for Mohéli, white for Mayotte (a French department claimed by the Comoros), red for Anjouan and blue for Grande Comore. The four stars on the flag also symbolize the four islands. The star and crescent, as well as the colour green on the flag, symbolise their main religion, Islam.
The stars' points are usually orientated upwards, as reflected in the model supplied when the flag was adopted, though legal documents concerning the flag do not specify the flag's orientation and there is a variant in which the stars point outwards and not up.
History
The first official flag of the Comoros was designed and adopted for local use in 1963 by Suzanne Gauthier, before the Comoros gained its independence. It had a white crescent at upper hoist facing the fly, four stars in a diagonal, and used a 5:7 proportion with a green background. This design continued to be used after independence in 1975.
The flag changed in 1975 under Ali Soilih. The crescent was moved and the stars were rearranged into a diamond. Two thirds of the flag became red and symbolized the regime's socialist ideology. This flag shares the design to that of the Soviet-era and current Belarusian flags.
When Ahmed Abdallah returned to the presidency in 1978, the flag changed again. It returned to being completely green, with the crescent moving to the centre of the flag and the stars forming a line between its horns. Information about the proportions of this variant suggest either a 1:2, 2:3, or 3:5 ratio.
With the adoption of a new constitution in 1992, the flag changed again, with the c in 2rescent and stars rotated to face upward rather than down and to the right.
The adoption of yet another constitution changed the flag again in 1996, rotating the flag to face the fly and adding a white inscription to the lower hoist and another to the upper fly. The inscriptions are written in Arabic calligraphy with the former reading "Muhammed" and the latter reading "Allah". The proportions of this flag were reported to be 7:5 (1.4:1). This flag was changed by referendum in 2001 to the modern one.
From 1996 until 2001, variants of the Comorian national flag supplied mainly by Annin Flagmakers contained the names "Muhammad" and "Allah" written out in longform. A similar flag using this design was flown outside the United Nations headquarters in 2000, which caught the attention of the Comorian ambassador, resulting in them rejecting the flag flown on display.
Former flags of the Comoros
Flags of individual islands
References
External links
Flag of the Comoros at the Encyclopædia Britannica.
Comoros
Flag
Flags of Africa
Comoros
Comoros
The 1948 Meistaradeildin was the sixth season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. B36 Tórshavn won its second championship.
Teams
A total of 6 teams participated in the league, facing each other once. Previous season's champions SÍ Sørvágur did not participate in the league. The same applied for SÍF Sandavágur and MB Miðvágur, who participated in the previous season. B36 and HB fielded two teams each, their first and their reserve team. KÍ from Klaksvík and VB from Vágur where the other two teams.
League table
Results
References
External links
Faroe Islands Premier League at Faroe Soccer (choose 1948)
Faroe Islands League Final Tables by webalice.it
Faroese champions by RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Johnny Dean Robinson (born February 14, 1959) is a former American football player. They were a defensive tackle for the Oakland / Los Angeles Raiders. They attended Louisiana Tech University.
References
1959 births
Living people
American football defensive tackles
Los Angeles Raiders players
Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football players
Oakland Raiders players
People from Jonesboro, Louisiana
Players of American football from Louisiana
Reverend Martin Jerome Scott, S.J., Litt. D. (1865-1954) was an American priest of the Society of Jesus of the Roman Catholic Church and author of a number of books, pamphlets, and articles.
Life
From 1902 to 1915, Fr. Scott was associated with the Church of St. Ignatius Loyola (New York City) in Yorkville, Manhattan; being in charge of the Altar Boys and the Boy's Choir. In 1905, they took charge of the supervision of the Young Ladies Sodality. In 1910, they directed the construction of a Day Nursery and facilitated the organization of the Ladies Auxiliary Society.
Selected works
God and myself: an inquiry into the true religion (1917)
The Hand of God: A Theology for the People (1918)
Convent life: the meaning of a religious vocation (1920)
Credentials of Christianity (1920)
You and Yours: Practical Talks on Your Home Life (1921)
A Boy Knight (1921)
Mother Machree: A Novel (1922)
The Divine Counsellor (1922)
What ails the world (article - North American Review, September 1922)
You and Yours: Practical Talks on Home Life (1923 2nd edition of 1921 book)
Man (1923)
For Better for Worse: A Novel (1923)
Christ or Chaos (1924)
Kelly: A Novel (1924)
The Virgin Birth (1925)
Evolution (1925)
Catholics and the Ku Klux Klan (article - North American Review, Summer 1926)
Religion and Common Sense (1926)
Isaac Jogues: missioner and martyr : an adaptation of the original biography of Martin-Shea (1927)
Things Catholics Are Asked About (1927)
Father Scott's radio talks, 1927–1928, station WLWL (1928)
The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass (1928)
Upstream (1929) Novel
Christs Own Church (1930)
Christ, True God (1930)
Marriage (1930 and 1941)
The Altar Boys of St. John's (1931) Novel
Happiness (1931)
What Use is Faith (1932)
Faith and Conduct (1932)
why Catholics Believe (1932)
Religious Certainty (1933)
The Church and the World (1934)
Courtship and Marriage (1934)
The Glories of the Catholic Church (with E.T. O'Dwyer, 1935)
Marriage Problems (1935)
What is Heaven (1936)
Catholic Pamphlets (1938)
Answer Wisely (1938)
Teacher's Manual for Answer Wisely (1938)
Introduction to Catholicism (1939)
Jesus as men saw them (1940)
Hundreds of Churches: But Only One is Christ's (1941)
No Pope Can be Wrong in Teaching Doctrine (1941)
Science Helps the Church: The Church Favors Science (pamphlet, 1941)
They Said They Blasphemed, They Said They were the Son of God: What Say You of Jesus Christ? (pamphlet, 1941)
This is my Body: the Sacrifice of the Mass (1941)
Prove There's a Soul that Will Live Forever (pamphlet, 1941)
God Forgives Sins: Why Confess to a Priest (pamphlet, 1942)
Divorce is a Disease which Destroys Marriage (pamphlet, 1944)
The Soul of Man (1945)
Have You a God?: What are They Like (1945)
Only One Church, Christ's Church (1945)
The Infallible Pope (1945)
This is My Body (1945)
They Said They were the Son of God (1945)
The Church the Champion of Science (1946)
All you who are burdened (1946)
Matthew, Mark, Luke and John - Were They Fooled, Did They Lie? (1946)
Catholicism: Preserver of Christianity (pamphlet, 1950)
The Life Work of the Nuns of the Good Shepherd (1900)
External links
Google Books: author Martin J. Scott
WorldCat.org http://www.worldcat.org/search?q=au%3AScott%2C+Martin+J.&qt=hot_author
References
19th-century American Jesuits
20th-century American Jesuits
1865 births
1954 deaths
Wictor B Songazaudzu Sajeni was born in Ntchisi, Malawi. They entered politics in 2009 as a member of Parliament for their home village, Ntchisi East, under the leadership of the late Bingu wa Mutharika. They served as the Presidential Advisor to President Arthur Peter Mutharika from 2014 to 2019. They served previously as Deputy Minister of Primary Education, responsible for primary and secondary schools, from 2009 until the death of President Bingu wa Mutharika in 2012. Wictor Sajeni studied for their MA at Swansea University in Wales. During their time at university they completed work experience at The Foyer, a supported housing project for young people in Swansea.
References
Alumni of Swansea University
Government ministers of Malawi
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tris(dimethylamino)methane (TDAM) is the simplest representative of the tris(dialkylamino)methanes of the general formula (R2N)3CH in which three of the four of methane's hydrogen atoms are replaced by dimethylamino groups (−N(CH3)2). Tris(dimethylamino)methane can be regarded as both an amine and an orthoamide.
Tris(dimethylamino)methane is a strong base and can be used as a formylation agent, as aminomethylenation reagent and as a source for the basic bis(dimethylamino)carbene of the formula (R2N)2C:.
Preparation
Tris(dimethylamino)methane is formed in the reaction of N,N,N′,N′-Tetramethylformamidinium chloride (TMF-Cl) or bis(dimethylamino)acetonitrile with lithium dimethylamide or sodium dimethylamide with yields between 55 and 84%.
From dimethylamine and trimethoxyborane sodium dimethylamide is formed in situ in the presence of sodium hydride which reacts with N,N,N,N-tetramethylformamidinium chloride in 84% yield to tris(dimethylamino)methane and with bis(dimethylamino)acetonitrile in 77% yield.
The reaction of the dimethylformamide (DMF) dimethylacetal, HC(OCH3)2N(CH3)2, (from the DMF–dimethyl sulfate complex and sodium methoxide) with dimethylamine in the presence of the acidic catalyst 2,4,6-tri-tert-butylphenol (which is largely stable to the alkylating agent) produces tris(dimethylamino)methane.
Tris(dimethylamino)methane is formed in good yield (83%) in the reaction of DMF with tetrakis(dimethylamino)titanium(IV).
N,N,N,N,N″,N″-Hexamethylguanidinium chloride (readily obtainable by dimethylamine and N,N,N,N-tetramethylchloroformamidinium chloride derived from tetramethylurea and phosgene) forms tris(dimethylamino)methane in 53% yield under the exposure of the reducing agent sodium bis(2-methoxyethoxy)aluminum hydride (Red-Al).
Sodium hydride and trimethyl borate reduce N,N,N,N,N″,N″-hexamethylguanidinium chloride in 80% yield to tris(dimethylamino)methane.
Properties
Tris(dimethylamino)methane is a clear, colorless or pale yellow liquid with a strong ammoniacal odor. The compound is freely miscible with many non-polar aprotic and water-free solvents. However, when heated tris(dimethylamino)methane reacts with protic solvents (such as water or alcohols) but also with weak CH-azide substances, such as acetone or acetonitrile.
Upon heating to 150–190 °C decomposition occurs with the formation of tetrakis(dimethylamino)ethene, a strong electron donor.
Applications
Tris(dimethylamino)methane dissociates into N,N,N,N-tetramethylformamidinium cations and dimethylamide anions, which abstract protons from CH- and NH-acidic compounds. The anions thus formed add to the formamidinium cations which in turn eliminate dimethylamine and react to form dimethylaminomethylene compounds (= CH−N(CH3)2) or amidines by aminomethyleneation.
Reaction to form a methyl α-cyano-β-dimethylaminoacrylate:
Reaction to form N,N-dimethyl-N-p-nitrophenylformamidine:
Aminomethylenation provides intermediates for the synthesis of heterocycles such as pyrimidines, pyrazoles, 1,4-dihydropyridines and indoles.
N,N,N,N-Tetramethylselenourea is accessible by the extended heating of tris(dimethylamino)methane with selenium in xylene, bis(dimethylamino)carbene is suggested as an intermediate.
Related reagent
Bis(dimethylamino)methane
References
Dimethylamino compounds
Karima Baloch (; 8 March 1983 – 20/22 December 2020), also known as Karima Mehrab (), was a Pakistani Baloch human rights activist and dissident. They campaigned for the independence of Balochistan from Pakistan, and was included in the BBC's list of 100 inspirational and influential women in 2016.
Activist career
Baloch started their career as a human rights and independence activist in 2005, when they attended a protest in Turbat over forced disappearances in the Pakistani province of Balochistan, where they carried a picture of one of their missing relatives. They joined the Baloch Students Organization (BSO) in 2006, serving in several different positions and eventually becoming the organization's chairperson in 2015. During these years, Baloch travelled all over Balochistan, organizing outreach programs such as protests and rallies. A 2014 OZY article about their states, "In Islamabad, Pakistan's capital, Karima is seen as a dangerous political actor and a threat to the nation's security. Meanwhile, a thousand kilometers southwest, deep inside Balochistan, she's a local hero and a beacon of hope."
In an interview in 2014, they said,
Exile from Pakistan
In 2015, Baloch went into self-imposed exile after terrorism charges were filed against them by the Pakistani state, with their younger sister Mahganj Baloch stating that, "She didn't go abroad because they wanted to, but because... open activism in Pakistan had become impossible." A year later, in 2016, they were granted asylum in Canada, where they lived until their disappearance and death in December 2020. In 2016, following Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's public speech on India's Independence Day in which they mentioned the situation in Pakistani Balochistan, Baloch addressed them in a video and thanked them for mentioning the issue, stating: "We will fight our own war, you just be our voice" .
Baloch was included in the 100 Women List by the BBC in 2016, where they were identified as a political activist who "campaigns for independence for Balochistan from Pakistan". Baloch listed Dad Shah and Hatun Bibi—both Baloch rebels who fought against the Imperial State of Iran in Iranian Balochistan—as the primary inspirations behind their activism. In 2018, they raised issues related to gender inequality in Pakistan at the United Nations Human Rights Council. They also raised issues related to Balochistan in Canada, such as during a meeting in Toronto, where they mentioned Pakistan's "occupation" of Balochistan.
Personal life and family
Baloch had two siblings, a brother named Sameer Mehrab and a sister named Mahganj Baloch. They married a fellow Baloch activist, Hammal Baloch (also known as Hammal Haider), in Toronto. Several members of their extended family have been linked to the Balochistan insurgency in Pakistan and Iran.
Disappearance and death
Baloch was last seen alive on 20 December 2020. On 22 December 2020, their dead body was found submerged at the Toronto Waterfront. The Toronto Police Service initially reported that their body was found near Lake Ontario, although no further details were given. CBC News reported that a close friend and fellow Baloch activist, Lateef Johar, said that "officers had told their family they were found drowned in the water". Small-scale protests demanding an investigation into their death occurred in both Pakistani Balochistan and Canada; ethnic Baloch, Pashtun and Sindhi minority groups in Canada issued a joint statement in this regard. Canadian police acknowledged the concerns around Baloch's death, but stated that they had found no evidence of foul play, and concluded that their death was "non-criminal". Chris Alexander, the former Canadian Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, stated in a tweet: "All of us who knew Karima sees the circumstances of their death as deeply suspicious. We must leave no stone unturned in uncovering & confronting the reality of what happened to her." CBC News documents the story of Baloch's activism and their death in the podcast The Kill List, along with the abductions and killings of dissidents from Pakistan around the globe. In the The Kill List, family and friends of Baloch, along with other activists, continue to believe that they were murdered by the Government of Pakistan in retaliation for their continued activism for human rights and political rights in Balochistan.
See also
Insurgency in Balochistan
Human rights violations in Balochistan
References
1983 births
2020 deaths
Baloch people
Baloch nationalists
Pakistani dissidents
Pakistani emigrants to Canada
Pakistani exiles
Pakistani human rights activists
Applicants for refugee status in Canada
Aclimação is a prosperous neighborhood in the central region of the city of São Paulo, Brazil. It is located in the municipal district of Liberdade, in the Sé Subprefecture.
History
Despite its central location, Aclimação is one of the newer neighborhoods in downtown São Paulo, developed settled only in the 20th century. The neighborhood has grown up on a winding hilly triangular-shaped area of land known as the Sítio Tapanhoin, bounded on its three sides by the Caminho do Mar highway to the port of Santos and the Lavapés and Cambuci rivers.
The land was purchased in 1892 by Carlos Botelho, a doctor born in Piracicaba and trained in Paris, who was anxious to pursue an ambition they had developed during their time in France to create a Brazilian equivalent of the "Jardin d'Acclimatation" in Paris, a place used for the acclimation of exotic species, with a research center for animal reproduction and hybridization and including a zoo among its various attractions. Inspired by the French model, they named their property the Jardim da Aclimação, from which both the Parque da Aclimação park and the neighborhood as a whole take their names.
For 30 years, up until the 1920s, the Garden, which was much larger than it is today, was one of the city's most popular attractions. Botelho developed it into a place of recreation and research. It was used as a quarantine station for cattle imported from the Netherlands. Visitors to the Garden's "creamery" were able to drink milk fresh from the cow or purchase dairy produce like cream and cheese. Before moving to Brooklin Novo, the Brazilian Equestrian Society (Sociedade Hípica Paulista) had its headquarters in the Garden, where there was also a livestock improvement station and a scientific research laboratory.
For recreation, there was the wood, a canoeing lake created by damming the streams running through the area, the city's first zoo, complete with bears, lions, monkeys, elephants, jaguars and other animals, as well as a dance hall, a skating rink, fairground stalls, an aquarium, and an amusement park. Visitors paid 300 reais to enter. As there were few people living nearby the Jardim da Aclimação could only be reached by public transport on Sundays and public holidays when the No. 28 tram ran to the Gardens from the Sé.
Adjoining the Garden were extensive private grounds belonging to the Botelho family. During the 1930s, Botelho's children, to whom they had transferred ownership of the property after deciding to follow a career in politics a few years earlier, began to build on the land. In 1938, hearing that they were having difficulty keeping up with the cost of maintaining the Jardim da Aclimação and planning to build on it, the Mayor of São Paulo, Prestes Maia, offered to purchase the property from them.
On 16 January 1939, Botelho's heirs, Antônio Carlos de Arruda Botelho, Constança Botelho de Macedo Costa, and Carlos José Botelho Júnior, formalized the sale of an area of 182 thousand square meters to the Prefecture of São Paulo, for the sum of 2,850 million reais. Paradoxically, rather than signaling the rebirth of the Jardim da Aclimação, the purchase spelled out the definitive end for most of its attractions and the beginning of a long period of alternating neglect and revival for the green open space.
Initial construction and high-rise redevelopment
Even while the Jardim da Aclimação was still a flourishing attraction, a residential neighborhood was starting to take shape around it. In 1900 the only roads and avenues in the area were the ones marking its boundaries, including the Rua Vergueiro, the Rua Lins de Vasconcelos and the Rua Tamandaré. By 1905, the Rua Pires da Mota, Rua Cururipe, Rua Espírito Santo, Rua José Getúlio, Rua Baturité, and the first section of the present-day Avenida da Aclimação had been laid out. In 1914, the Rua Machado de Assis and part of the Rua Paula Ney and the Rua José do Patrocínio had appeared on the map.
Nevertheless, between these roads built on the steepest part of the property, known as the Morro da Aclimação, originally belonging to the family of Francisco Justino da Silva, and the Rua Lins de Vasconcelos, the Avenida da Aclimação, and the Jardim da Aclimação, all that existed was an almost rural landscape dominated by scrubland, streams, fields, and farm buildings.
In 1916, again reflecting the irregular contours of the area, a series of roads were built in a semicircular arc off the Avenida da Aclimação and converging on the Largo Rodrigues Alves, the present Praça General Polidoro. These were all named after precious stones—Turmalina, Topázio, Diamante, Ágata, Safira, Esmeralda, Rubi, etc. Higher up, in the direction of the Rua Nilo, the street names took their inspiration from the planets of the solar system: Júpiter, Urano, Saturno. It was not until 1928 that the maps show an increasing number of buildings appearing on the Morro da Aclimação between the Rua Jurubatuba (now Avenida Armando Ferrentini) and the Vila Mariana cemetery.
A middle-class residential neighborhood sprang up, dominated by single and multi-story houses occupied by Italians, Japanese, Portuguese and natives of the city of São Paulo itself. The administrative Subdistrict of Aclimação was created in 1938 but was abolished in 1986 when the municipality of São Paulo was reorganized into 96 Districts. However, there is still a Civil Registry for the Subdistrict of Aclimação, established by the legal authorities at State level.
From the 1970s onwards, the onward march of construction led to increasing numbers of new buildings, as the neighborhood became more and more dominated by high-rise construction. The increase in population was followed by the establishment of banks, schools, shops, estate agents and other services attending to the needs of the local population. Along the major roads like the Avenida da Aclimação, very few private homes have managed to survive the onslaught of the property developers.
Aclimação today
Because of its location, the neighborhood has become increasingly popular with estate agents catering to the upper middle class and has become increasingly sought-after. The "property boom" has put pressure on transport facilities and resulted in the disappearance of the features that gave the neighborhood its former character including the semi-detached houses and the old multi-storey homes. The area has also undergone a socio-economic transformation, from a middle-class to an upper-middle-class neighborhood, as it has become an increasingly sought-after place to live
Aclimação is a stronghold of São Paulo's South Korean community. The Praça General Polidoro square is surrounded by Korean restaurants, churches and other businesses. According to local real estate surveys 30% of the area's resident population are Korean or of Korean origin. One possible explanation is the presence of Presbyterian churches nearby as most of the Koreans are Protestant Christians and also because of its proximity to the neighbourhood of Liberdade, a typical asian neighbourhood in the city.
References
External links
EncontraAclimação - Find everything about Aclimação neighborhood
Neighbourhoods in São Paulo
Tregwynt Mansion is a house in the parish of Granston in Pembrokeshire, Wales. The Tregwynt Hoard was found during renovations in 1996.
Location
Tregwynt means "place of the winds". The building has an exposed position on the coast above Abermawr.
Tregynt is one of the oldest house sites in the north of Pembrokeshire, with records dating to the 14th century.
For six centuries it was owned by the Harries family.
The 1844 Topographical Dictionary of Wales says of Granston, the parish that contains Tregwynt, "It is intersected by the turnpike-road leading from Fishguard to St. David's, and is watered by a small stream, which, after flowing through it, falls into the sea near Aberbâch. ... The surrounding scenery is not distinguished by any peculiarity of feature, though from the higher grounds some good views are obtained over the [St. George's] Channel and the adjacent country."
Building
The present Grade II*-listed manor house and outbuildings date from the 18th century.
The building is a plain two-story house with an L-plan, faced with yellow ochre roughcast.
The roofs are slate. There is a single-story farm wing attached to the west end.
The six-window east entrance front with narrow sashes dates to the earlier part of the 18th century.
The rear range, where an earlier stair-tower had stood, dates from the late 18th century or early 19th century.
The owners decided to add a ballroom to the house in 1792.
The large, plain hipped ballroom has five long windows above a low basement.
In the interior, the front range has low rooms with an oak roof. The rear has a pine roof.
There are fluted arches with keystones on both floors, which originally led to the rear stair.
The present stair hall to the rear was built in the early 19th century.
History
From medieval times the estate was the property of the Harries family.
James Harries, second son of John Harries of Tregwynt, married the daughter and heiress of Eynon Griffith of Trewissilt in 1640.
They were the ancestor of the Heathfield branch of the family, headed in 1894 by George James Harries, resident at Priskilly.
During the English Civil War (1642–51), a hoard of coins was buried in a redware pot in an outbuilding of the mansion.
The hoard was worth £51 9s, which at that time would have been a month's wages for fifty soldiers.
Possibly it was buried by a member of the Harries family in 1648 who was involved in the local conflicts of the Second Civil War.
The owner of the Tregwynt estate at the time was Llewellin Harries, who died in 1663. They were a prominent landowner who named ten children in their will (dated 1659) but may have had others who did not survive him.
They may have had royalist sympathies, but they avoided the fines levied on royalists after the war.
It is not known why the treasure was not later recovered.
In the 18th century the Harries family of Tregwynt Mansion owned land from just above Fishguard to beyond Mathry.
This included the Dyffryn (Valley) Mill, now the Melin Tregwynt.
In January 1737 George Harries of Tregwynt was appointed Sheriff of Pembrokeshire.
On the night of 22 February 1797 Mrs. Harries was entertaining the local gentry in the ballroom of Tregwynt Mansion.
An invasion force of 1,400 troops dispatched by the French Directory landed on the beach near Llanwnda beach near Fishguard that night.
Colonel Knox, who commanded the local militia, was a guest at a ball at Tregwynt that day when the event was interrupted by a messenger from the fort at Fishguard that the French had landed an invasion force. They left at once for the fort where their men were preparing to engage the enemy, but as the light was failing they decided to wait until the next day when John Campbell, 1st Baron Cawdor, would arrive with reinforcements from Haverfordwest.
The two militia met up the next day and Cawdor, an experienced soldier, took command.
The French were disorganized and demoralized, and surrendered to Cawdor on the 24th.
The incident has been called the Battle of Fishguard.
The Harries family sold the Tregwynt estate in 1830.
Richard Llewelyn owned the Tregwynt estate in 1841 according to the Tithe Map.
The previous year Richard Llewellyn of Tregwynt was appointed Sheriff of Pembrokeshire.
Richard Llewellin died on 24 March 1871 and was succeeded by their nephew, Richard Llewellin Purcell.
Mr. Purcell-Llewellin of Tregwynt played an important role in breeding a line of "English" setters.
The Harries family brought the property back in 1877, but later sold it again.
In 1996 the lawn outside the ballroom was taken up so a tennis court could be installed.
A local metal detectorist was given permission to search for buried metal before the court was laid down, and discovered a hoard of 33 gold and 467 silver coins.
They were given full value for the hoard, which is now held by the National Museums & Galleries of Wales in Cardiff.
It includes coins minted for Edward VI, Philip and Mary, Elizabeth I, James I, Charles I and the government of the Commonwealth of England.
The present owners let the ballroom be used for events such as art exhibitions, concerts, plays and recitals.
For example, in February 2015 the Fishguard Arts Society staged a miniature recreation of the Battle of Fishguard in the ballroom.
Notes
Sources
Grade II* listed buildings in Pembrokeshire
Lamb Island is a 2009 short dramatic film shot on Lamb Island, Queensland in Australia about a quiet woman who keeps their sorrows, pain and grief to herself. Things start to change when a stranger arrives on the island and decides to bring the peace and quiet to an end.
Cast
Margi Brown Ash as 'Myla Harris'
Amanda McErlean as 'Shopkeeper'
Lauren Orrell as 'Stranger'
Production
The film was developed and produced by QPIX under its Screen Australia Raw Nerve Short Film Initiative, in association with Screen Development Australia. QPIX is also financially assisted by the Pacific Film & Television Commission (now Screen Queensland).
References
External links
Australian short films
2009 films
Films set on islands
2000s English-language films
2000s Australian films
Joseph Craft III (born 1950) is an American business person and philanthropist.  They are the president and chief executive officer of Alliance Resource Partners, L.P., the third-largest coal producer in the eastern United States. Craft has taken the Giving Pledge, pledging "to give the vast majority of my resources to philanthropic causes and charitable endeavors targeted to people and organizations that embrace individual responsibility, economic freedom, reducing poverty and providing opportunities for those willing to chase the American dream."
Personal life
Craft received an undergraduate degree in accounting in 1972 from the University of Kentucky, and then earned a JD degree in 1976 from the University of Kentucky College of Law. Craft was a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
Craft's wife, business person and former US Alternate Delegate to the United Nations Kelly Craft, in 2017 was appointed as the U.S. Ambassador to Canada by Donald Trump. In 2019 they became the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, also appointed by President Trump. The couple shares six children and, as of 2018, 11 grandchildren.
Career
Craft began their career at Mapco Inc, a pipeline company that had diversified into other energy sectors, based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In 1985, they were elected senior vice president of legal and finance. In 1986, Craft became head of the coal division at Mapco.
In 1996, Craft led a management buyout of the unit. The buyout involved Mapco selling a 75% stake in the coal division to the Beacon Group Energy Investment Fund. The new company was called Alliance Coal LLC.
In 1999, they led the effort to take Alliance public. In August 1999, they became president and chief executive of Alliance. In January 2019, while already President and chief executive officer of Alliance Resource Partners' general partner, they also assumed the additional role of Chairman of the general partner's board of directors.
Political activism
The Lexington Herald-Leader reported that Craft had given more money to Democratic candidates at the state level of office between 2008 and 2019 than to Republican candidates. In January 2012, Craft donated around $500,000 to Restore Our Future, a Super PAC supporting Mitt Romney. On July 11, 2016, Craft hosted a private fundraiser for Donald Trump at the Aviation Museum of Kentucky. Through a trust, Craft contributed $1 million to the Trump presidential inaugural committee.
Philanthropy
In 2015 Joe Craft and their wife Kelly Craft co-founded the Craft Academy for Excellence in Science and Mathematics at Kentucky's Morehead State University, a special program for academically exceptional high school students. By 2019 they had committed over $10 million to the Academy.
After Craft pledged $6 million toward the completion of the project, the Joe Craft Center, a state-of-the-art basketball practice facility for the Kentucky Wildcats men's and women's basketball teams, was named for him. This was the largest private gift in the history of UK Athletics.
The Joe Craft Tower, a wing of the Hazard ARH Hospital in Hazard, was completed and opened in 2014. Craft donated $1 million to the project.
In 2014, they donated $5 million for "A Gathering Place for Tulsa", a park to be built along the city's Arkansas River waterfront.
In 2016, they donated $4.8 million for the construction of the facility housing the day-to-day University of Kentucky football operation.
In 2019, they made a $3 million gift to support the Institute for the Study of Free Enterprise, in the Gatton College of Business and Economics, of the University of Kentucky.
In 2022, they made a $7.5 million gift to renovate the University of Kentucky football team's indoor practice facility.
Craft has taken the Giving Pledge, pledging "to give the vast majority of my resources to philanthropic causes and charitable endeavors targeted to people and organizations that embrace individual responsibility, economic freedom, reducing poverty and providing opportunities for those willing to chase the American dream."
Awards
Craft was inducted into the Tulsa Hall of Fame in 2007. In 2008, Craft was named the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year for the Southwest Region energy, chemical, and mining category. In 2009, Craft was inducted into the University of Tulsa's Collins College of Business Hall of Fame. In 2010, they were inducted into the University of Kentucky College of Law Hall of Fame. In 2018, they were inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame.
See also
Coal mining in the United States
References
External links
Alliance Resource Partners, L.P.
Hazard ARH Celebrates Completion of new $47 million patient tower
Living people
People from Hazard, Kentucky
Businesspeople from Kentucky
1950 births
University of Kentucky alumni
University of Kentucky College of Law alumni
American billionaires
Philanthropists from Kentucky
21st-century philanthropists
Patrons of schools
Sports patrons
Giving Pledgers
The 2017 President's Cup (Maldives) Final was the 67th Final of the Maldives President's Cup.
Route to the final
New Radiant
TC Sports
Match
Details
Match rules
90 minutes.
30 minutes of extra-time if necessary.
Penalty shoot-out if scores still level.
Maximum of three substitutions.
See also
2016 President's Cup (Maldives)
References
President's Cup (Maldives) finals
Pres
The Base is a regional shopping centre located in Te Rapa, in the New Zealand city of Hamilton. The centre consists of the original outdoor strip mall, and the more recent Te Awa enclosed shopping mall.
History
The 30-hectare block of land that The Base sits on traditionally belonged to Waikato-Tainui. It was taken prior to World War II by the Crown under the Public Works Act for defence purposes, and became the Te Rapa Air Force Base (hence the name), which eventually closed in 1992. The land came back to the tribe in 1995 as part of the Waikato-Tainui Raupatu (land confiscation) settlement. It was put into what is known as Pōtatau Te Wherowhero title (named after the first Māori king), which means it can never be sold or alienated.
In 2002 Tainui Group Holdings announced that they would build a $50 million retail development that would eventually cover over 60,000 square metres of retail and commercial space. The initial resource consents were lodged, requiring a change to the Hamilton City District Plan, which the Council agreed to. However, there was a year of delays while a number of objectors appealed the Council approval to both the Environment and High Courts. Both challenges were lost and work finally began in August 2004.
In 2002 The Warehouse Group (TWG) was signed up as the anchor tenant of stage one of The Base. The first 16,000 square metres was to house one of their largest stores, and the first with the new store format that is in use today throughout the country. TWG later became part of a joint venture company with Tainui to operate the mall. In 2007, Tainui Group Holdings paid $37.4M to buy out The Warehouse Group's 50% stake in the joint venture company.
At the core of the site are three very important pou (carved poles). The first is symbolic, representing traditional guardianship of the site; the second acknowledges the recent presence of the Royal New Zealand Air Force; the third is a contemporary design that depicts the present day, and modernisation of the tribe.
The Base design was awarded a silver medal at the 2012 Asia Pacific Shopping Centre Awards in China.
Ownership and value
The Base was formerly wholly owned by Tainui Group Holdings, the holding company for the assets of the Waikato-Tainui Iwi, and has been valued at over $250M. However, in 2016 NZX-listed Kiwi Property Group invested $192.5 million in acquiring a 50% stake. This investment values the property at $385 million.
See also
List of shopping centres in New Zealand
Rotokauri Public Transport Hub
References
Buildings and structures completed in 2005
Buildings and structures in Hamilton, New Zealand
Tourist attractions in Hamilton, New Zealand
Shopping centres in New Zealand
Shopping malls established in 2005
2000s architecture in New Zealand
David Klein is the developer of the Jelly Belly brand of jelly beans.
Early life
Klein was born in Syracuse, New York in 1946. They moved to California at the age of three. Klein eventually attended the University of California, Los Angeles where they studied economics. Klein then went on to obtain a law degree from Southwestern Law School, but after taking the bar exam decided not to pursue a career as a lawyer.
Career
In 1976, Klein lived in Temple City and started the distribution company, Garvey Nut. They came up with the idea for a new type of jelly bean—later called "Jelly Belly"—and asked The Herman Goelitz Candy Company to make a batch for him.
Klein then rented a corner of Fosselman's Ice Cream in Alhambra, California to sell the new type of jelly beans. The first flavors were Very Cherry, Tangerine, Lemon, Green Apple, Grape Jelly, Licorice, Root Beer, and Cream Soda. Total sales for the first seven-day period was $44. The product was selling for $2 per pound, which was considered a very high price at the time. Klein convinced the Associated Press to write a story, arranging for friends and family to act as customers. The article caused sales to spike.
In 1980, Klein and their partner sold their interest in the Jelly Belly to The Herman Goelitz Candy Company, for $5 million, to be paid out over 20 years. Klein and their partner each received about $10,000 per month for 20 years, in exchange for their share of the Jelly Belly brand, including the trademark of that name.
Personal life
Klein's wife, Rebecca, who died in 2020, worked with them in their confectionery development business, Can You Imagine That Confections Inc.; their daughter, Roxanne, who studied business at the University of La Verne, also contributes to the business, such as coming up with the concept of 'Sandy Candy', which by October 2011 had made $1 million. The company operates from a factory in California.
In 2017 David Klein moved operations of Can You Imagine That and their new branded company Candyman Kitchens to Florida. They produce Sandy Candy as well as other new confections out of their factory in Largo, Florida.
Projects
In 2016 they launched a crowdfunding support page for 'THE ORIGINAL COFFEE HOUSE BEANS.' The combination of flavors delivers a taste mimicking gourmet coffee flavors. On its Kickstarter page, it is described as "a conventional jelly bean center texture surrounded by the most imaginative flavors on the outside of the bean."
In 2019, they created a campaign for Polar Popcorn - described as "A Freeze and Eat Treat™ made up of puffy popcorn kernels coated in caramel and ice cream/birthday cake flavor; topped with sprinkles".
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Businesspeople from Syracuse, New York
Living people
People from the San Gabriel Valley
American Jews
Dysart and Ruan is a Catholic parish in County Clare, Ireland. It covers the civil parishes of Ruan and Dysert, and includes the village of Ruan, which holds the parish office. The parish contains the ruins of the 12th century St. Tola's Church, part of Dysert O'Dea Monastery.
Location
The parish lies to the north of Ennis on the road to Corofin. The River Fergus runs through most of the parish, through Tedane and other lakes, to Clarecastle. In 1837 there were police stations in Dysert and Ruan, and chapels in each place.
The chapel in Ruan had been rebuilt by public subscription in 1834.
The parish includes the civil parishes of Ruan and Dysert.
Dysert is sometimes called Dysert O'Dea, since it was part of the territory of the O'Dea sept.
Ruan is near the Burren and between Corofin, Crusheen and Ennis.
The name "Ruan" (An Ruadhán) is an old Irish term for the alder tree, at one time used to make red dye.
Antiquities
Dysert O'Dea Church
The ruined Church of Disert consists of a nave and a choir .
It was described by Eugene Curry in 1839. At that time the walls were in perfect condition, about high and thick.
The west gable has a window, completely covered in ivy inside and out.
In the south wall at a distance of from the west gable there is a beautifully sculpted door high and wide.
The door has four circular arches, one over the other, resting on columns at the sides of the door. The columns are surmounted by human heads. The largest arch has nineteen stones that project a small way from the wall. They are carved with twelve human and seven animal heads.
The choir in 1839 had a beautiful circular arch built with finely cut grit-stone, about wide and the same height.
The gable had a double-headed curvilinear pointed belfry. There were pointed windows in the north wall of nave and in the south side of quire near the east gable.
The window in the east gable was wide and about high, divided into three compartments by two triangular pillars of masonry and lined all round with the same sort of cut stones as those in the choir arch, but looking somewhat fresher.
According to tradition the choir was added to the Church by O'Dea.
White Cross of Tola
About a mile east of the Church of Disert there is a deserted burying ground, near the old chapel, called Mainistir-na-Sratha-Duibhe (Monastery of the Black Sward).
There is a Holy Well near it called Tobar Oireachta at which Stations were still performed in 1839.
Nearby to the north is a small elevated spot called Cnocan-na-Croise (Height of the Cross), on which a Celtic cross was erected.
Part of the shaft remained standing in 1839 about high.
The ancient cross lay on the ground.
The cross was re-erected in 1871 by Francis Hutcheson Synge of Dysert.
The shaft of the cross is and the head is high. The north and south sides of the cross are cut into patterns. The north side includes a crude carving of two men swearing on a staff between another man and a bishop. The west side has two heads, but otherwise the carvings have been broken off. The east side has a figure of Christ, with outstretched arms. Below that is a large figure of Saint Tola of Clonard, the Bishop of Clonard and the founder and patron of the Dysert church. Tola died between 733 and 737.
Ruan Church
The ruined Church of Ruan stands in the Ruan townland of the Ruan civil parish.
It is in area. As of 1839 the walls stood at their original height apart from the west gable, the top of which is broken off.
There was a pointed doorway in the south side near the west gable, and a square one in the same side near the east gable. There is a double pointed window in the east gable, but its mullion is gone. There is a portion of the north wall elevated six feet above the rest, as if for the purpose of a ball-alley. There is a little Chapel projecting to the south from the south west angle, nineteen feet six inches long and sixteen feet three inches broad having a pointed door in its east side and elevated tomb in its north end, with a monumental stone over it in the Church wall, exhibiting the following inscription: "This Chapel and tomb were erected by Donogh O'Kerine, the son of Dermot O'Kerine of Owan, for them and their posterities' use in the year of our Lord God, 1688."
There is no patron saint associated with this church, and no holy well dedicated to any particular saint nearby.
The only holy wells in the area were named after the townlands.
Today
Dysart and Ruan is a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe.
The parish office is in the village of Ruan.
The parish churches are St Mary's in Ruan and St Tola in Dysart.
The parish runs two primary schools, Ruan National School and Toonagh National School.
The parish is home to the Ruan GAA, a Gaelic Athletic Association club, which fields teams in Hurling and Camogie competitions.
The church of St. Marys in Ruan was built in 1912. It replaced the 1834 church.
The stained glass windows behind the altar that were made by Franz Mayer & Co. of Munich, Germany.
They were formerly in the chapel of St. Xaviers Convent of Mercy in Ennis, and were moved to Ruan in the 1990s when the convent was closed.
The window on the left shows the Nativity. That in the center is the Sacred Heart, and includes sheaves of wheat, grapes and a chalice, symbols of the consecration.
The window on the right depicts life in the house of the Holy Family. Mary is working on the loom and Joseph is working on carpentry with Jesus by theirs side.
Gallery
References
Sources
Parishes of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe
Holmes Island () is an island long, lying south of Vieugue Island in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica. It was charted by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill, 1934–37, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Bryan Holmes, a Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey surveyor at Prospect Point in 1957, who was attached to the British Naval Hydrographic Survey Unit in this area, 1957–58.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Biscoe Islands
Lepidodactylus tepukapili is a species of gecko, which is known as the Tuvalu forest gecko and is known in the Tuvaluan language as moko or pili. It is the only recorded vertebrate that is endemic to Tuvalu. It has been located on Fuagea (also called Fuakea) and on Tepuka.
Lepidodactylus tepukapili's naming is based upon the Tuvaluan language words for "small lizard" and the island of Tepuka, where specimens were first discovered.
As of 2020, the Tuvalu forest gecko has not yet been assessed by the IUCN Red List.
References
Lepidodactylus
Endemic fauna of Tuvalu
Reptiles of Oceania
Reptiles described in 2003
The Gatesville Bridge spans the Pearl River between Copiah County, Mississippi and Simpson County, Mississippi. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
It brings a county road across the river, east of Gatesville, Mississippi. It has a Pennsylvania truss span and a Warren pony truss span. The bridge was built by the Converse Bridge Co. in 1908.
References
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Pennsylvania truss bridges
National Register of Historic Places in Copiah County, Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Simpson County, Mississippi
Bridges completed in 1908
Pearl River (Mississippi–Louisiana)
Issigau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany. In lies on the Issig River.
References
Hof (district)
The greater yellow finch (Sicalis auriventris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina and Chile.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, temperate grassland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
greater yellow finch
greater yellow finch
greater yellow finch
greater yellow finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
1952 Meistaradeildin was the tenth season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. The championship was contested in a league format, with five teams playing against each other twice. KÍ Klaksvík won its third league title in the season.
Overview
Results
External links
Faroe Islands League Final Tables by webalice.it
Faroese champions by RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Shackleton Glacier is a major Antarctic glacier, over long and from 8 to 16 km (5 to 10 mi) wide, descending from the polar plateau from the vicinity of Roberts Massif and flowing north through the Queen Maud Mountains to enter the Ross Ice Shelf between Mount Speed and Waldron Spurs. The Roberts Zealand GSAE (1961–62), who named it for A.R. Roberts, leader at Scott Massif is a remarkable snow-free massif exceeding 2,700 metres (8,860 ft) and about 155 km2 (60 sq mi) in area. It was by the Southern Party of New USAS (1939–41) and named by US-SCAN for Sir Ernest Shackleton, Anglo-Irish Antarctic explorer.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Mount Greenlee
References
Queen Maud Mountains
Glaciers of Dufek Coast
Warwickshire Catholic Independent Schools Foundation (WCISF) is an educational organisation based in Warwickshire, England. It was founded in 2002 due to the merger of Princethorpe College near Rugby with St Joseph's School in Kenilworth. St Joseph's has since been rebranded Crackley Hall School after the building in which it is located.
WCISF schools and nurseries
There are four educational establishments within the WCISF:
Princethorpe College Sixth Form - Sixth Form for young adults aged 16 to 18 years
Princethorpe College - Secondary school for children aged 11 to 16 years
Crackley Hall School - Junior school for children aged 4 to 11 years
Little Crackers Nursery - Nursery for children aged 2 to 4 years.
References
Educational organisations based in England
2002 establishments in England
Deniliquin Council was a local government area in the Riverina region of south-western New South Wales, Australia. At the date of its abolition, Deniliquin Council was the last rural local government area in New South Wales left consisting only of a rural town.
Deniliquin Council was proclaimed as the Municipality of Deniliquin on 16 December 1868.
Amalgamation
A 2015 review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended that the Deniliquin Council merge with the Conargo Shire to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 9,000. On 12 March 2016, Deniliquin Council was abolished and, along with the former Conargo Shire, the area incorporated into the new Edward River Council.
Council
Composition and election method
The last election was due to be held on 8 September 2012. However, only seven candidates, being the below, nominated for election. There being no additional candidates, the election was uncontested. The makeup of the council is as follows:
The last Council, elected in 2012, in order of election, is:
References
Former local government areas of New South Wales
Deniliquin
1868 establishments in Australia
2016 disestablishments in Australia
Justice Democrats is an American progressive political action committee founded on January 23, 2017, by former leaders from the Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign Saikat Chakrabarti and Zack Exley, as well as political commentators Kyle Kulinski and Cenk Uygur of The Young Turks. The organization formed as a result of the 2016 United States presidential election and aspires "to elect a new type of Democratic majority in Congress" that will "create a thriving economy and democracy that works for the people, not big money interests". The group advocates for campaign finance reform (reducing the role of money in politics) and endorses only candidates who pledge to refuse donations from corporate PACs and lobbyists.
Kulinski and Uygur are no longer part of the group but remain active supporters. Alexandra Rojas became executive director of the organization in May 2018.
During the 2018 elections, Justice Democrats ran 79 progressive candidates against Democrats, Republicans and Independents in local, state, and federal elections. The seven Justice Democrats candidates who won their electoral congressional races in 2018 were Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ayanna Pressley, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Ro Khanna, Raúl Grijalva, and Pramila Jayapal.
The group endorsed considerably fewer candidates in 2020 than it did in 2018, a move its communications director defended as a strategy to focus the group's resources on the most promising candidates. Marie Newman, Jamaal Bowman, and Cori Bush were elected to the US House of Representatives in 2020.
History
After the 2016 presidential election resulted in a victory for Donald Trump, many progressives pointed to the perceived loyalty of politicians to large donors as a major contributing factor to Hillary Clinton's loss to Trump. These critics contend that a campaign finance model similar to that of Bernie Sanders, whose 2016 presidential campaign was funded by small individual donations, will increase public trust in politicians through increased accountability to their constituents.
On January 23, 2017, Cenk Uygur and Kyle Kulinski founded Justice Democrats with ten others, including former staffers from the Sanders campaign such as its Director of Organizing Technology, Saikat Chakrabarti, and MoveOn.org fundraiser Zack Exley. According to the organization, it seeks to create a left-wing populist movement to support alternative Democratic candidates beginning with the 2018 midterm elections, in order to either defeat the incumbent Democrats or make them more accountable to their constituents. It requires its candidates to take a pledge to refuse financial contributions from billionaires and corporations. In addition, it hoped to rebuild the Democratic Party on a national level and defeat Trump in the 2020 presidential election.
On March 20, 2017, Justice Democrats reported that they had received 8,300 nominations and raised $1 million. Also in March 2017, it teamed up with Brand New Congress, a PAC established by former Sanders campaign supporters, to further their goals. By November 1, 2017, they had merged with fellow progressive group AllOfUs.
On May 9, 2017, Representative Ro Khanna of California's 17th congressional district announced that they had become a Justice Democrat, the first sitting member of Congress to join the organization. Over the following year, Raúl Grijalva of Arizona's 3rd congressional district and Pramila Jayapal of Washington's 7th congressional district also joined, bringing the number of sitting representatives in Justice Democrats to three. Khanna and Jayapal were first elected to the House in 2016 while Grijalva has been an incumbent since 2002.
During the 2018 elections, Justice Democrats ran 79 progressive candidates against Democrats, Republicans and Independents in local, state, and federal elections. 26 of them advanced past the primary stage. All Justice Democrat candidates running for office were endorsed by The Young Turks, who provided them with a media platform on their interview show Rebel HQ. The seven Justice Democrats candidates who won their electoral congressional races in 2018 were Ayanna Pressley, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and the three sitting members. All seven won districts already held by Democrats.
In 2020, Justice Democrat Marie Newman defeated incumbent Representative Dan Lipinski in the 2020 primary for Illinois's 3rd congressional district. Jamaal Bowman defeated incumbent Representative Eliot Engel in New York's 16th congressional district's primary. Bowman was also endorsed by Justice Democrats. Another Justice Democrat-endorsed candidate won in Missouri's 1st congressional district, when Cori Bush defeated Representative Lacy Clay.
Uygur's resignation
On December 22, 2017, it was announced that Uygur had resigned from the organization, after the revelation of previously deleted but archived controversial blog posts they had written. The next day, Kulinski announced that they had stepped down from the organization as they disagreed with staff members who pressed for Uygur's dismissal. They said their decision came as a result of a personal dilemma as they saw the posts in question upon rereading them as satirical. Kulinski noted that the decision to ask for Uygur's resignation came from Justice Democrat staff, not the candidates, and asked their supporters to continue backing the organization's candidates.
In mid-November 2019, Uygur filed to run for Congress in California's 25th district, a seat recently vacated by the resignation of Katie Hill, an office also being pursued by former Trump campaign aide George Papadopoulos. Uygur stated they would not run as a member of the Justice Democrats.
Ideology and political issues
According to Justice Democrats, its highest priority is to effectively eliminate the role of money and conflicts of interests in politics. As such, any candidate running with Justice Democrats must pledge to refuse donations from corporate PACs and lobbyists. Declining money from corporate PACs and supporting Medicare for All have both been described as litmus tests for the organization. Justice Democrats supports publicly funded elections, banning Super PACs, and banning private donations to politicians and campaigns. It also advocates for the reinstatement of provisions of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and a ban on gerrymandering for partisan gain. Several members have voiced support for a constitutional amendment to remove money from American politics.
To accompany its launch, Kulinski and Uygur published the following set of progressive founding principles for the coalition. Adjustments have been made since 2017, resulting in a slightly different platform appearing on the Justice Democrats webpage at a given time.
Creating a new infrastructure program called the "Green New Deal"
Ending arms sales to countries that it says violate human rights such as Saudi Arabia, Israel and Egypt
Enacting a federal job guarantee, which would promise all Americans a job paying $15 per hour plus benefits
Ending the death penalty
Ending the practice of unilaterally waging war, except as a last resort to defend U.S. territory
Ending the War on Drugs in favor of legalization, regulation, and taxation of drugs, and pardoning all non-violent drug offenders and treating all drug addicts
Ensuring free speech on college campuses and supporting net neutrality
Ensuring universal education as a right, including free four-year public college and university education
Ensuring universal healthcare as a right
Establishing paid maternity leave, paid vacation leave, and free childcare
Expanding anti-discrimination laws to apply to LGBT people
Expanding background checks on firearms and banning high capacity magazines and assault weapons
Funding Planned Parenthood and other contraceptive and abortion services, and recognizing reproductive rights
Implementing electoral reform and publicly financed elections nationwide to make irrelevant and obsolete fundraising from large corporations and the wealthy
Implementing instant-runoff voting nationwide in an effort to make third-party and independent candidates more viable
Implementing the Buffett Rule, ending offshore financial centers, "chain[ing]" the capital gains and income taxes, and increasing the estate tax
Making the minimum wage a living wage and tying it to inflation
Pardoning Edward Snowden, prosecuting CIA torturers and DoD war criminals, shutting down the Guantanamo Bay detention camp and all other extrajudicial prisons, and ending warrantless spying and bulk data collection by the National Security Agency
Passing the Paycheck Fairness Act
Abolishing the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency (ICE)
Reforming police by mandating body cameras, establishing community oversight boards, eliminating broken windows policing, ending stop and frisk, and appointing special prosecutors to hold police accountable in courts
Renegotiating CAFTA-DR and NAFTA, and opposing Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China and the World Trade Organization
Stopping any reductions to Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, and establishing single-payer universal healthcare
Stopping anthropogenic climate change through an ecological revolution and upholding the United States' participation in the Paris Climate Agreement
Uncompromisingly rejecting President Trump's immigration proposals and policies, particularly Executive Order 13769 and deportation of illegal immigrants, and implementing comprehensive immigration reform which will include giving non-criminal illegal immigrants a path to citizenship
Political activity
2018
Justice Democrats officially endorsed 79 candidates in the 2018 election cycle, seven of whom won general elections (three were incumbents). The four first-time officeholders in the U.S. House make up "The Squad".
Governor
Lieutenant Governor
U.S. Senate
U.S. House
2020
Justice Democrats endorsed 17 candidates in the Democratic primaries for president, Senate and House. Twelve House candidates made it to the general election (7 incumbents, 5 newcomers). All the incumbents and three newcomers won.
U.S. President
U.S. Senate
U.S. House
2021
U.S. House
2022
U.S. House
Summer for Progress
In July 2017, several progressive organizations, including Our Revolution, Democratic Socialists of America, National Nurses United, Working Families Party, and Brand New Congress, announced a push to encourage House Democrats to sign on to a #PeoplesPlatform, which consists of supporting "eight bills currently in the House of Representatives that will address the concerns of everyday Americans." These eight bills and the topics they address are:
Medicare for All: H.R. 676, the Medicare For All Act
Free College Tuition: H.R. 1880, the College for All Act of 2017
Worker Rights: H.R. 15, the Raise the Wage Act
Women's Rights: H.R. 771, the Equal Access to Abortion Coverage in Health Insurance (EACH Woman) Act of 2017
Voting Rights: H.R. 2840, the Automatic Voter Registration Act
Environmental Justice: H.R. 4114, the Environmental Justice Act of 2017
Criminal Justice and Immigrant Rights: H.R. 3227, the Justice Is Not for Sale Act of 2017
Taxing Wall Street: H.R. 1144, the Inclusive Prosperity Act
Congressional members
On May 9, 2017, Ro Khanna of California's 17th congressional district announced that they were a member of Justice Democrats and supported the organization's agenda.
On December 6, 2017, Justice Democrats announced that Raúl Grijalva of Arizona's 3rd congressional district had joined the group.
On April 16, 2018, Justice Democrats announced that Pramila Jayapal of Washington's 7th congressional district had joined the group.
On January 3, 2019, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York's 14th congressional district, Ilhan Omar of Minnesota's 5th congressional district, Ayanna Pressley of Massachusetts's 7th congressional district and Rashida Tlaib of Michigan's 13th congressional district were sworn in as members of the House of Representatives and as Justice Democrats. They have been dubbed "The Squad".
On January 3, 2021, Jamaal Bowman of New York's 16th congressional district, Cori Bush of Missouri's 1st congressional district, and Marie Newman of Illinois's 3rd congressional district were sworn in.
Notes
See also
Our Revolution
Brand New Congress
Wolf PAC
Sunrise Movement
References
External links
JD YouTube channel
Justice Democrats Ballotpedia page
Justice Democrats financial reports from the Federal Election Commission
2017 establishments in California
2017 in American politics
Aftermath of the 2016 United States presidential election
Anti-corporate activism
Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign
Democratic Party (United States) organizations
Left-wing populism in the United States
Organizations based in Los Angeles
Progressive organizations in the United States
The Young Turks (talk show)
United States political action committees
Hotel for Women (or Elsa Maxwell's Hotel for Women) is a 1939 American drama film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Ann Sothern, Linda Darnell, and James Ellison. It was Darnell's screen debut.
Plot
When they are jilted by their boyfriend, a young woman is encouraged to become a model by the women at the hotel where they are staying.
Production
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Richard Day and Joseph C. Wright.
Partial cast
References
Bibliography
Davis, Ronald L. Hollywood Beauty: Linda Darnell and the American Dream. University of Oklahoma Press, 2014.
External links
1939 films
1939 drama films
American drama films
Films directed by Gregory Ratoff
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
Films with screenplays by Kathryn Scola
Films about modeling
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The 2003–04 New York Knicks season was the 58th season for the Knicks in the National Basketball Association (NBA). During the offseason, the Knicks signed All-Star center Dikembe Mutombo in free agency. The Knicks started the season by losing seven of their first nine games as fans at the Garden chanted "Fire Layden", in reference to general manager Scott Layden. Knicks fans would get their wish as Layden was fired and replaced by former Detroit Pistons star Isiah Thomas.
In January, the Knicks traded Antonio McDyess and Charlie Ward to the Phoenix Suns for All-Star guard Stephon Marbury and Penny Hardaway. Ward was released by the Suns, and later signed as a free agent with the San Antonio Spurs. At midseason, Thomas made more moves, trading Keith Van Horn to the Milwaukee Bucks for Tim Thomas. After a 15–24 start, the Knicks fired head coach Don Chaney, and played one game under assistant Herb Williams before signing Lenny Wilkens as their new coach. With a 39–43 record, which placed them third in the Atlantic Division, the Knicks qualified for the NBA playoffs as the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference. Allan Houston averaged 18.5 points per game, but played just 50 games due to injury.
In the first round of the playoffs, the Knicks were swept in four games by the New Jersey Nets. New York did not return to the playoffs until the 2010–11 season. Following the season, Mutombo was traded to the Chicago Bulls, who then dealt them to the Houston Rockets. Longtime Knicks play-by-play announcer Marv Albert was not retained by the MSG Network, having criticized poor play by the team on-air. They remained an NBA on TNT broadcaster until they retired from NBA broadcasting following the 2020–21 season.
NBA Draft
Roster
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Playoffs
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| April 17
| @ New Jersey
| L 83–107
| Penny Hardaway (18)
| Stephon Marbury (5)
| Shandon Anderson (5)
| Continental Airlines Arena18,206
| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| April 20
| @ New Jersey
| L 81–99
| Stephon Marbury (23)
| Kurt Thomas (12)
| Penny Hardaway (10)
| Continental Airlines Arena19,918
| 0–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| April 22
| New Jersey
| L 78–81
| three players tied (18)
| Kurt Thomas (12)
| Stephon Marbury (10)
| Madison Square Garden19,763
| 0–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 4
| April 25
| New Jersey
| L 94–100
| Stephon Marbury (31)
| Kurt Thomas (15)
| Stephon Marbury (7)
| Madison Square Garden19,763
| 0–4
|-
Player stats
Awards and records
Transactions
References
New York Knicks seasons
New York Knicks
New York Knicks
New York Knick
2000s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Pan bazar is a locality situated near 'James Street' Secunderabad, Telangana, India. Pan bazar is a residential and commercial area in the heart of the city.
Economy
A wide variety of businesses consisting of wholesale cloth merchants, gold merchants, hardware equipment stores, steel market stores and transportation companies are located here.
References
Neighbourhoods in Hyderabad, India
Sustut Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of the Sustut River and above the Bear River. Established by order-in-council in 2001, the park has an area of 75,037 ha. The park protects the Hogem Ranges and the Connelly Range and is in the traditional territories of the Tsay Keh Dene First Nation and the Gitxsan First Nation.
References
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Omineca Country
Skeena Country
Protected areas established in 2001
2001 establishments in British Columbia
La Cambre (in Dutch: Ter Kameren or Terkameren) may refer to one of several locations in and around the municipality of Ixelles in Brussels, Belgium:
La Cambre, a visual arts and architecture school.
Abbey of La Cambre, a former abbey.
Bois de la Cambre, a public park.
Résidence de la Cambre, a historic skyscraper.
In addition, Cambre may refer to a Spanish town, in the province of A Coruña, Galicia.
Kramarovci (; , ) is a small village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia, right on the border with Austria.
There is a small chapel in the centre of the settlement. It was built in the early 20th century and has a belfry attached to it. Until 1945 the village had a German majority.
References
External links
Kramarovci on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
The Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (FDACS) is an executive department of the government of Florida.
The Commissioner of Agriculture (directly elected by voters statewide for a four-year term, and a member of the Florida Cabinet) is the head of the department. The current commissioner is Nikki Fried.
History
The Florida Constitution of 1868 provided for the creation of the Office of Commissioner of Immigration, whose duties consisted of attracting settlers to engage in agriculture. The Florida Constitution was amended in 1871 to consolidate the offices of Surveyor General and Commissioner of Immigration as the new Commissioner of Lands and Immigration. In 1885, the Constitution was revised and the Commissioner of Lands and Immigration post was renamed Commissioner of Agriculture. The duties of the Commissioner of Agriculture were revised to include supervision of the state prisons. (A Division of Corrections was created in 1957 and state prisons were removed from the list of Commissioner of Agriculture responsibilities).
The Agricultural Services Reorganization Act (ASRA) was passed in 1959 and became effective January 15, 1961. This state law abolished some independent boards and bureaus, which were assigned to the Department of Agriculture's divisions. These included: Administration, Animal Industry, Dairy Industry, Fruit and Vegetable Inspection, Marketing, Plant Industry, Inspection and Standards. The State Chemist, a position that existed since 1891, was moved to the new Division of Chemistry.
The Legislature created the Office of Consumer Services in 1967. The Executive Reorganization Act of 1969 renamed the Office of Consumer Services the Division of Consumer Services and the Board of Forestry the Division of Forestry. The Department of Agriculture was renamed the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (FDACS).
The 1992 Legislature passed Chapter 92-291 of the Laws of Florida, which formally organized the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services into the following divisions: Administration, Agricultural Environmental Services (AES), Animal Industry, Plant Industry, Marketing and Development, Dairy Industry, Food Safety, Fruit and Vegetables, Consumer Services, Forestry, Standards, Aquaculture, and Licensing.
In addition to the above divisions, the FDACS includes separate offices for Agricultural Law Enforcement, Agricultural Water Policy, Agricultural Emergency Preparedness, the Inspector General, as well as for the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Organization
The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services is headed by the Commissioner, who is elected statewide to a four-year term. The Commissioner is assisted in managing the Department by a Chief of Staff, three Deputy Commissioners and one Assistant Deputy Commissioner. The Department is organizated into twelve programmatic Divisions and one support Division, each headed by a Division Director. Each Division is subdivided into Bureaus, with each headed by a Bureau Chief. The Bureaus are further subdivided into Sections.
Discrimination policy
In January 2019, the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (in the past was called the Florida Agricultural Commission) explicitly added sexual orientation and gender identity to their discrimination workplace policy.
References
External links
Official website (department homepage)
Division of Consumer Services official website
State agencies of Florida
State departments of agriculture of the United States
1870 establishments in Florida
Marcus Clarke is a British puppeteer and voice actor from Nottinghamshire.  They are best known as the puppeteer and voice actor behind the BAFTA-winning CITV series Bookaboo and the principal puppeteer of Audrey II in the 1986 version of Little Shop of Horrors. Clarke has worked as a puppeteer in over 60 television series and has created a similar number of puppets. They were also a puppeteer and voice actor in two Muppet feature films and Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
History
Marcus Clarke was born in Forest Gate, East London. They spent several years in Canada, Care and in NCH orphanages before being settled in West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire where they left West Bridgford School, their local comprehensive school with no qualifications. After a series of jobs behind the scenes in theatres, they became stage manager in a West End production of Little Shop Of Horrors, where they looked after Audrey II – the giant plant. They became interested in the art of puppetry. Clarke went on to audition for Jim Henson's TV Puppeteering Workshop, where they befriended Brian Henson.
Inspired in part by Henson, they and their partner, Helena Smee, formed a puppet creation company, "Hands Up Puppets", in 1986. To date, they have created more than 60 puppets and worked as puppeteers on a similar number of UK television series.
Recent work
Bookaboo, 2009 BAFTA-award-winning kids' TV series has Clarke puppeteering a "rock puppy" who is unable to play the drums before one of their friends has read them a story. Designed to back the 2008 National Year of Reading campaign, Bookaboo's friends are celebrities such as Meat Loaf and David Seaman.
Since 2009, Clarke has been working on new projects, teaching puppetry classes and working with charities. They created a short film with young people at Clayfields House, a secure children's home in Stapleford, Nottinghamshire. Clarke is also on the Board of Funny Wonders Inc, a community interest company, co-organisers of the Buxton Puppet Festival.
Since 2010 Clarke has also been an exhibiting contemporary artist. They created the art movement Puppet TV Graffiti to encompass their new art and craft of puppetisation and began creating and exhibiting puppetised contemporary artworks.
Exhibitions and hangings include.
2015 The DogHorse Coat Art Exhibition. Floor 1 Gallery, Nottingham Central Library, 2–28 Feb 2015
2014 Homeless in the Puppetised City Art Exhibition, one man show, Nottingham. 13x works and video.
2014 Surface Gallery International Postcard Show 1x postcard work.
2012 FAB Fringe Arts Bath 2012. Mis-in-Formation. 3x works exhibited. Curator Diana Ali.
2011 Surface Gallery Nottingham 'Salon des Refuse's' 2x works exhibited.
1977 Mansfield College of Art. Various.
Awards
Clarke has been nominated for and won a number of awards, including two BAFTAs for Pre-school Live Action. The first was in 2004 for PJ's Storytime and the second in 2009 for Bookaboo. Bookaboo went on to win Best Children's Programme at the Broadcast Awards. and its category at the Prix Jeuness International. Clarke was also Milky Cat in The Christmas Milkshake Show nominated in the same category in 2009. The young people in Clarke's puppet film, Clayfields House, won two writing awards from the Koestler Trust. They were listed as one of the "prominent people in Nottinghamshire" in 2010 at the Nottinghamshire Archives.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
YouTube: Puppeteering Clips
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Nottingham
English puppeteers
Muppet performers
BAFTA winners (people)
People educated at West Bridgford School
Stockwood Park Academy (previously known as Barnfield South Academy and briefly as South Academy) is a Mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Rotheram Avenue Luton, Bedfordshire, England. The academy was rated as requires improvement by Ofsted in 2018, although its sixth form provision was rated 'Good' in the same report.
History
What is now Stockwood Park Academy was formed by the amalgamation of Stockwood and Rotheram High Schools.
Stockwood High School in Cutenhoe Road was described as Luton's most expensive school when it was built in 1967. It was sound-proofed to cut out noise due to it being situated beneath a Luton Airport flight path. Facilities included an indoor heated swimming pool and two halls. The official opening was held in October 1968.
In 1988 Rotheram High School, a school situated in Farley Hill approximately a mile away from Stockwood High School, was closed due to administrative costs and falling attendance numbers. The majority of pupils from Rotheram High School moved to Stockwood High School, which was renamed as South Luton High School.
The school converted to academy status on 1 September 2007, and was renamed Barnfield South Academy as part of the Barnfield Federation. In March 2011, the school moved to a new £30 million building situated on the old playing field of the former Rotheram High School site, equipped with ICT facilities, including a 300-seat theatre. The Barnfield Federation launched a new A-Level sixth form provision in September 2011 based across its academies.
In 2015 the school changed its name to South Academy and became part of The Shared Learning Trust. In 2016 it was renamed as Stockwood Park Academy.
The Shared Learning Trust
The Shared Learning Trust is a supportive Multi-Academy Trust made up of five schools, two secondary schools and three primary schools.
See also
List of schools in Luton
References
Secondary schools in Luton
Academies in Luton
Educational institutions established in 1965
1965 establishments in England
Death Smiles on a Murderer (; English title sequence: Death Smiles at Murder) is a 1973 Italian horror film directed by Joe D'Amato and starring Ewa Aulin, Klaus Kinski and Luciano Rossi.
Plot
1906. In a crypt-like room, hunchbacked Franz von Holstein mourns over the body of Greta, their young sister and only love. A first flashback shows them sexually assaulting her, after which they express their wish to leave this cursed place with him, to live and to be among people. In a second flashback, they tease them into chasing them when they stumble upon Doctor Herbert von Ravensbrück; they get romantically involved while Franz watches from hiding.
1909. Walter von Ravensbrück (Herbert's son) and their wife Eva are being served tea by butler Simeon when a carriage driving by at high speed is overturned and the coachman fatally impaled. Inside the coach is Greta, unconscious. Inspector Dannick wants to question her, but Walter convinces them otherwise. They do not meet.
Instead, Doctor Sturges is called to check on them They hear no heartbeat and discovers their gold medallion carrying the inscription "Greta 1906" as well as mysterious symbols, which they recognise, perturbed.
Getrud, the Ravensbrücks' servant, having recognised Greta, is haunted in their room by Franz von Holstein, who repeatedly vanishes and reappears and cuts their neck open with a scalpel - a wound that bleeds but disappears.
Sturges discovers a scar on Greta's neck on the same spot. They insert a needle into their right eyeball, causing neither damage nor pain and confirming that Greta is undead. For the coachman's death certificate, they open the coffin to discover the corpse's rapid decomposition - an indication that they were undead at the time of the crash. Sturges keeps both facts secret.
Gertrud packs their things, leaves, and is chased by Franz's apparition along a path at whose end they are approached by an unseen assailant, who - despite their assertion that they have not told anyone and is leaving for good - kills them with a point blank shotgun blast to their face.
After a ball, Greta, the von Ravensbrücks and their guests go on a pheasant hunt with shotguns. Meanwhile, Doctor Sturges is working in their underground laboratory. The medallion's symbols contain a formula for the creation of life. Just as Sturges succeeds in bringing one of their corpses to life, they are strangled by an unseen assailant, who also kills the corpse and the doctor's deaf mute lab assistant, bashing their head in.
Walter and Eva both gradually fall in love with Greta. One day as Greta is taking a bath Eva sneaks in and pushes their head underwater, as if playing with them Eva approaches Greta as they are drying themselves and confesses that they love them They kiss and the scene dissolves as an obvious lesbian love scene begins.
Spying on a love meeting between Walter and Greta, Eva's jealousy escalates. In Walter's absence, they lure Greta into the villa's cellar, where they declare their hate and walls them up alive. They lie to Walter about an unexpected departure of Greta's - a scene concluding with a zoom on the eyes of a dark cat. Dannick investigates Greta's disappearance, remaining clueless.
A month later, a masquerade ball is held at the villa. In a party game, Eva has to guess the identities of the masked guests. A woman in red whose name they cannot guess puts aside their creepily deformed mask, revealing themselves as Greta and vanishing. In disbelief, Eva checks for the body and removes the wall's bricks with an axe, when the dark cat jumps through the opening at their face and runs up the stairs, where Greta appears, smiling. Eva follows her, and Greta's face suddenly turns into that of a rotten corpse. They chase Eva up into the attic, from where they fall to their death, screaming. Them fractured body is discovered by Walter and the guests in front of the entrance.
Herbert, Walter's father, returns for Eva's funeral. During the ceremony, they catch a glimpse of Greta standing in the distance, which causes them to have a flashback to 1906: Greta dies in childbirth and Franz points their finger at them in accusation.
After Eva's funeral, Herbert stays behind to visit Greta's grave, where they look at their photograph. Greta comes up from behind and reminds them of their baby's prenatal death. When they ask for a kiss, their face again suddenly turns rotten. Herbert, terrified, attempts to escape. They seek refuge inside a crypt, whose door suddenly shuts tight, trapping him. Eva's freshly laid corpse slowly gets up and walks towards him. Only a wide shot of the cemetery is shown as Herbert's drawn-out cry is heard from inside.
Walter lies in their bed, falling asleep. The dark cat enters their room, and Walter suddenly notices Greta sitting near their bedside. As they crawl into bed and starts kissing him, their face turns rotten, and Walter lets out a drawn-out cry of terror.
In the family granary, Greta lures Simeon out of their hiding place, acknowledging that they did not betray their identity and promising them anything they could wish for: money, or better even, love. They then kills them by slashing their face to shreds with a straight razor. As the police are covering up Simeon's body, Walter's body is discovered nailed to a wall and clutching Greta's medallion.
Inspector Dannick visits Professor Kempte about the medallion's symbols, who explains that the Incans believed they contained a formula which could bring their king back to life. Franz von Holstein, a brilliant former student of his, had worked on deciphering it, but had given up after their sister's death. Kempte gives Dannick Franz's address.
In a final flashback to 1906 and to the room in which the film started, now brightly lit, Franz walks up to Greta, who is dressed in white and holding a bouquet of white flowers. They tell them triumphantly that they brought them back to life and that they are their now, puts the medallion inscribed with the year of their "new creation" around their neck and promises them they will leave and start a new life together. As "proof of love", Greta throws the white flowers at their face. Then they turn into the dark cat in mid-air, which repeatedly assaults and tears up Franz's face, gouges their eyes out and finally kills him. Greta, whose dress has magically turned red, giggles and leaves with a smile. Dannick, now entering this room in 1909, discovers Franz's corpse.
At the cemetery, Dannick looks at Greta's photograph on their empty grave, wondering whether they will ever solve the mystery about this woman who they have never even seen. When they return home, the figure they previously addressed as their wife and which hitherto has been sitting with them back to the viewer turns around. It is an aged Greta smiling at Dannick, who reacts to seeing her, perhaps recognising their face as Greta's.
Cast
Source:
Ewa Aulin as Greta von Holstein
Klaus Kinski as Dr. Sturges
Angela Bo as Eva von Ravensbrück
Sergio Doria as Walter von Ravensbrück
Attilio Dottesio as Inspector Dannick
Marco Mariani as Simeon, the butler
Luciano Rossi as Franz, Greta's Brother
Giacomo Rossi-Stuart as Dr. Herbert von Ravensbrück, Walter's Father
Fernando Cerulli as Professor Kempte (as Franco Cerulli)
Credited, but not in the picture:
Carla Mancini
Uncredited:
Evelyn Melcherich as Gertrud, the Maid
Pietro Torrisi as Dr. Sturges' Assistant
Tony Askin as Reanimated Corpse
Giorgio Dolfin as Maier
Oscar Sciamanna as Party Guest
Production
Death Smiles on a Murderer was produced by Franco Gaudenzi, whom D'Amato had met through production manager Oscar Santaniello. Their first collaboration led to D'Amato directing Un Bounty Killer a Trinità, one of the several films directed by D'Amato with someone else taking credit. This was the first film D'Amato directed themselves in which they used their real name in the credits: Aristide Massaccesi. They said in an interview, they signed their own name to the film because "I felt encouraged by the budget....and by the presence of two important actors like Ewa Aulin and Klaus Kinski, who were appearing at the time in several Italian films.....Kinski, in spite of everything, is an excellent professional actor."
The film credits the script to D'Amato, Romano Scandariato and Claudio Bernabei; the latter was said to just be a typist by Scandariato. The story is credited to D'Amato, which Scandariato said was "more or less one page." Scandariato stated the film was originally written with more suspense and as more of a giallo, but this was changed out of necessity. D'Amato later claimed they wrote the screenplay entirely on their own, saying in an interview "I'm afraid it's a very imperfect film.....but this is due to the fact that I wrote the script on my own. When you don't work with someone else....it's much harder to come up with a good product.....and I really was inexperienced as far as screenwriting goes" The script takes several elements from works of Gothic fiction. Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu's novella Carmilla similarly contains a carriage accident that introduces the female character to the household, and there is also a cat connection in that, similarly to Carmilla in Laura's nightmares, Greta either shapeshifts into or controls a cat. In Edgar Allan Poe's short story The Black Cat, a woman is walled in alive and a cat is found inside upon reopening, just like Greta is walled in by Eva and a cat emerges when Eva tears down the wall to check. In another one of Edgar Allan Poe's short stories, The Masque of the Red Death, the Red Death enters Prospero's masquerade ball in a blood-spattered robe and a mask resembling that of the corpses that died from the plague, Greta enters the masked ball of the von Ravensbrücks clad in red and wearing a corpse-like mask.
The film was given a low budget of 150 million Italian lire. Death Smiles on a Murderer was shot between November and December 1972 with a working title of 7 strani cadaveri (). Some scenes were not in the script and were improvised on set. These include a scene in which Luciano Rossi is attacked by a cat, which D'Amato achieved by throwing the cat against Rossi's face.
Release
Death Smiles on a Murderer was released in Italy on 11 July 1973. Film historian Roberto Curti referred to this box office as "scarce business" noting its unimportant distributor Florida Cinematografica. In Italy, the film grossed a total of 70,990,000 Italian lire. It was released in the United States as Death Smiles on a Murderer and Death Smiles at Murder.
A blu-ray of the film was released on 21 May 2018 by Arrow Video in a "2k restoration from the original camera negative", containing English and Italian audio, a commentary track by film historian Tim Lucas and the original English and Italian trailers.
Reception
In Matthew Edwards' book on Klaus Kinski published in 2016, the film, called "trippy, but fascinating", is compared to Jess Franco's Venus in Furs in that its "existential, haunting and dreamlike qualities do nothing to detract from the enjoyment of what takes place on screen".
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Death Smiles on a Murderer at Variety Distribution
1973 films
1973 horror films
Italian horror films
Films directed by Joe D'Amato
Gothic horror films
Films set in 1909
Films set in 1906
Films scored by Berto Pisano
Giallo films
1970s ghost films
Italian ghost films
Italian serial killer films
1970s Italian-language films
1970s Italian films
Jonathan S. Masur is an American legal scholar who is currently the John P. Wilson Professor of Law at the University of Chicago Law School. They write and teaches primarily in the areas of behavioral law and economics, intellectual property, and criminal law Masur also directs the Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz Program in Behavioral Law, Finance, and Economics.
Education and career
Masur began their career working as a research assistant at Fermilab in Batavia, Illinois, in the summers of 1995 and 1996 and at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore, California, in the summer of 1997. They graduated from Stanford University with an A.B. with distinction (majoring in political science) and a B.S. (majoring in physics) with distinction in 1999. They later worked as a legislative assistant to U.S. Representative Zoe Lofgren of the Democratic Party before earning their J.D. magna cum laude from Harvard Law School.
After graduating from law school, Masur worked as a law clerk for Judge Marilyn Hall Patel on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California and for Judge Richard A. Posner on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
In 2007, Masur joined the University of Chicago Law School faculty as an assistant professor of law, having served as a Bigelow Teaching Fellow for two years. They became a professor of law in 2012 and the John P. Wilson Professor of Law in 2014. They served as deputy dean of the law school between 2012 and 2014. Their teaching and research focuses on behavioral law and economics, administrative law, and criminal law.  They are the co-author of Patent Law: Cases, Problems, and Materials (2021), Cannons and Codes in War in Law and Literature (2020) and Happiness and the Law (2014). Masur is one of the most cited active intellectual property scholars in the United States.
References
Living people
21st-century American lawyers
American legal scholars
American legal writers
Harvard Law School alumni
Stanford University alumni
University of Chicago Law School faculty
1977 births
Sohel Islam (born 10 July 1970, Satkhira, Khulna, Bangladesh) is the current spin bowling coach of the Bangladesh National Cricket Team, having replaced Daniel Vettori in the role. Prior to obtaining the role as national spin bowling coach, they acted head coach of Fortune Barishal in the Bangabandhu T20 cup, as spin bowling coach for Bangladesh Under 19s during the 2016 Under 19 world cup, and coached Bangladesh Under 17s.
As a player they represented Khulna. They played in 13 first-class matches scoring 279 runs at an average of 15.50 with the highest score of 51 and getting 40 wickets at an average of 23.27 with best bowling figures in an innings of 5/84.
References
Bangladesh A cricketer
Coaches of the Bangladesh national cricket team
Khulna Division cricketers
People from Satkhira District
1970 births
Living people
Jason Bradford Lamb (born ), more widely known publicly by their pseudonym Colonel Ned Stark, is a retired United States Air Force Colonel and Master Intelligence Officer who gained prominence after writing a series of columns critical of the U.S. Air Force's commissioned officer promotion system, especially as it pertains to promotions to lieutenant colonel, colonel, and general officer, and the command leadership positions filled by incumbents of those ranks. Their writing became widely read that General David L. Goldfein, then the Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force, wrote back in another column, offering them a job and assuring them that their critical writing is safe.
They served for over 25 years in the U.S. Air Force, commissioning into the service after graduating from the United States Air Force Academy. When writing the columns, they were the Director of Intelligence, Analysis, and Innovation at Headquarters, Air Education and Training Command. They have also commanded the 544th Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Group of the 70th Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing Their personal decorations include multiple awards of the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, and Meritorious Service Medal. They also completed multiple combat deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Before their retirement, they revealed their identity in May 2019, a year after starting to write their columns. They now works as the United States Space Force's Talent Strategist and wrote the Guardian Ideal.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
United States Air Force colonels
Francis Hopkirk Ackerman (October 17, 1946 – July 15, 2019) was an American economist known for their work in environmental economics, particularly in the areas of climate change and development.  They are also known as a founder of the magazine Dollars & Sense.
Life
Ackerman was born in Madison, Wisconsin, the son of Eugene Ackerman and Dorothy née Hopkirk. They received their bachelor's degree in mathematics and economics at Swarthmore College, followed by a PhD in economics from Harvard University. They lived most of their life in Somerville, Massachusetts and Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Writings
A prominent critic of conventional economic approaches to climate and their use of cost–benefit analysis, they have written for academic and popular presses and directed studies for government agencies and nongovernmental organizations.
Ackerman's last books were NAFTA 2.0: For People or Polluters? A Climate Denier's Trade Deal versus a Clean Energy Economy (2018) and Worst-Case Economics: Extreme Events in Climate and Finance (Anthem Press, 2017). Their other books include Can We Afford the Future? Economics for a Warming World (Zed Books, 2009), Poisoned for Pennies: The Economics of Toxics and Precaution (Island Press, 2008), and Priceless: On Knowing the Price of Everything and the Value of Nothing (The New Press, 2004, with Lisa Heinzerling). Most of their articles and reports are available on their personal website.
Institutions
Ackerman was a senior economist at Synapse Energy Economics, a public interest-oriented consulting firm in Cambridge, MA. Before joining Synapse in 2012, they held research positions at the Stockholm Environment Institute's US Center, at Tufts University's Global Development and Environment Institute, and at the Tellus Institute. They taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Tufts University and the University of Massachusetts.
Ackerman was a co-founder and steering committee member of the Economics for Equity and the Environment Network, and a member scholar of the Center for Progressive Reform. They were a co-founder and editor of the magazine Dollars & Sense.
References
External links
Frank Ackerman personal webpage
Synapse Energy Economics homepage
SEI-US Climate Economics Group
GDAE at Tufts University homepage
ResearchGate profile
IDEAS list of publications
EconPapers author page
The Economic Case for Slashing Carbon Emissions
Economists from Wisconsin
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Tufts University faculty
Climate economists
1946 births
2019 deaths
Writers from Madison, Wisconsin
University of Massachusetts faculty
American magazine founders
Swarthmore College alumni
21st-century American economists
Bangka is various native watercraft of the Philippines. It originally referred to small double-outrigger dugout canoes used in rivers and shallow coastal waters, but since the 18th century, it has expanded to include larger lashed-lug ships, with or without outriggers. Though the term used is the same throughout the Philippines, "bangka" can refer to a very diverse range of boats specific to different regions. Bangka was also spelled as banca, panca, or panga (m. banco, panco, pango) in Spanish. It is also known archaically as sakayan (also spelled sacayan).
Etymology
Bangka is derived from Proto-Malayo-Polynesian *baŋkaʔ, with cognates including Kavalan bangka, Mori bangka, and Sumbawa bangka. It is a doublet of two other protoforms referring to boats: Proto-Austronesian *qabaŋ and Proto-Central-Malayo-Polynesian *waŋka. Ultimately from the Proto-Austronesian lexical root *baŋ for "boat".
History
Indigenous Philippine boats originated from the ancestral single-outrigger dugout canoes of the Austronesian peoples, which themselves evolved from catamarans. These boats were the first ocean-voyaging vessels in the world, which allowed the seaborne Austronesian Expansion around 3000 to 1500 BCE, from coastal southeastern China and Taiwan to Island Southeast Asia, Micronesia, Island Melanesia, Polynesia, and Madagascar.
The oldest recovered boats in the Philippines are the 9 to 11 balangay found in Butuan dated to 320 CE, all specimens of whom were typical lashed-lug Austronesian boats. The technique remained common in Philippine (and Southeast Asian) boats right up to the 19th century, when modern boats started to be built with metal nails. Edge-joined planks continue to survive in some areas in the Philippines, though these are usually secured with metal rebars and rods, instead of the traditional lugs and lashings.
Unfortunately most excavations and recoveries of pre-colonial shipwrecks (including those by the National Museum) in Southeast Asia focus more on the cargo rather than studying the ship structures themselves. Looting is also a problem, which contributes to the paucity of research on pre-colonial Filipino watercraft.
Various types of bangka were used in maritime trade. While the polities in the Philippines remained small and largely in the periphery of Southeast Asian trade, they were nevertheless part of the Southeast Asian market. The earliest exchange of material culture was the late Neolithic trade in lingling-o double-headed jade or gold ornaments, manufactured in Luzon, which was traded with other Austronesian polities in southern Vietnam and Taiwan. This was followed by later trade in ceramics from mainland Southeast Asia and southern China in exchange for resins, aromatic woods, gold, pearls, sea cucumber (trepanging), tortoiseshell, civets, fabrics, beeswax, and bird's nest. The main trading contacts of Philippine polities included the Champa polities in Vietnam, China, and the Sultanate of Brunei.
Bangka were also used in wars and the naval warfare and coastal raids (mangayaw) of thalassocracies, a notable example of such a warship is the karakoa of the Visayas. These were seasonal and played a large part in the noble and warrior classes gaining prestige and plunder. Warriors participating in the raids had their exploits recorded in elaborate full-body tattoos.
In the various animist anitism beliefs of precolonial Philippines, the building of bangka often involved religious rituals, from the choosing of the trees for timber to rituals before voyages. Newly built bangka were imbued with a guardian spirit (anito) through various rituals, usually involving blood sacrifices. Ancient and early colonial-era bangka were also usually decorated with a carved or painted face. Bangka had a central role in pre-Hispanic Filipino culture, functioning as personal transports, fishing ships, trading ships, and raiding warships. Motorized or paddle-driven bangka still remain the main form of watercraft in the Philippines.
Construction
Like all ancestral Austronesian boats, the hull of the bangka at its simplest form had five parts. The bottom part consists of single piece of hollowed-out log (essentially a dugout canoe, the original meaning of the word bangka). At the sides were two planks, and two horseshoe-shaped wood pieces formed the prow and stern. These were fitted tightly together edge-to-edge with lugs, dowels and lashings (made from rattan or fiber), without using any nails. They formed the shell of the boat, which was then reinforced by horizontal ribs. They had no central rudders but were instead steered using an oar on one side. These were built in the double-canoe configuration or had a single outrigger on the windward side. In Island Southeast Asia, these developed into double outriggers on each side that provided greater stability when tacking against the wind. Bangka were also typically traditionally caulked using a boiled mixture of balaw sap from apitong trees (Dipterocarpus spp.) and gata (coconut milk).
Though most modern bangka in the Philippines have double-outriggers, single-outrigger dugout canoes survived until recent times in some parts of the Philippines. Examples include a specimen in the University of Southampton from Manila Bay collected in the 1940s, as well as boats from Lake Bulusan and Lake Buhi of the Bicol Region of southern Luzon from as recently as 2015. The single outrigger is used to provide lateral stability, while still allowing fishermen to work with fishing nets. These traditional boats have largely disappeared in modern times, partly due to the scarcity of suitable timber and partly due to the relative cheapness of fiberglass boats.
The ancestral rig was the mastless triangular crab claw sail which had two booms that could be tilted to the wind. The sails were made from mats woven from pandan leaves. The triangular crab claw sails also later developed into square or rectangular tanja sails, which like crab claw sails, can be tilted against the wind. Fixed tripod or bipod masts also developed in Southeast Asia.
Cultural significance
Aside from being used in trade and war, bangka were of central significance to various cultures throughout the Philippines. Villages were known as barangay, derived from balangay, a common large boat type. Boat terminologies were used for ranks, place names, and even personal names, even in island interiors. Among the Sama-Bajau people of the southern Philippines, various types of bangka like the djenging and the lepa served as houseboats of nuclear families and often sail together in clan flotillas. Small bangka were also sometimes used to transport rice and farm goods on land, as they were more convenient on narrow pathways than sleds or wagons.
Bangka feature prominently in Visayan mythology. A boat known as the balanday is used by the deity Magyan to ferry souls of the dead. In the epic Labaw Donggon of the Suludnon people, a boat known as biday na inagta (lit. "black boat") is featured prominently. In the Western Visayas, a divination ritual known as the kibang involves occupants sitting perfectly still in a bangka and asking questions while a diwata (nature spirit) answers by rocking the boat.
Modern bangka
Since the introduction of the motor engine in the 1970s, the formerly widespread Philippine sailing traditions have mostly been lost. Most modern bangka are motorized and are known as "pump boats" (or pambot) or lancha (lantsa). Smaller boats usually use gasoline or diesel engines, while larger boats can use recycled automobile engines.
Bangka are also increasingly being made with fiber-reinforced plastic (fiberglass) instead of wood, which are more resistant to shipworms and rotting and are relatively cheaper.
Types
Outrigger boats
Armadahan - outrigger fishing boats from Laguna de Bay.
Balacion - a large outrigger sailboat of the Tagalog people in Laguna with three tanja sails.
Balangay - also known as barangay, were very large two-masted sailing ships made using the lashed-lug boatbuilding technique. They were used for ferrying cargo and sometimes as warships. Large balangay usually had outriggers.
Baroto or Baloto - A general term for native boats with or without outriggers in the Western Visayas, synonymous to the term paraw. Not to be confused with the Sama-Bajau balutu.
Batil - a large colonial-era sailboat used for ferrying passengers and goods between Visayas and Luzon.
Bigiw - small double-outrigger bangka from Mindanao, Visayas, and Palawan characterized by a knife-like prow. Its name means "needlefish." They are traditionally propelled by sails and steered with a single oar, but are usually motorized in modern times.
Dinahit - a traditional non-motorized double-outrigger sailing boat from the Catanduanes Islands with crab claw sails. It is celebrated in the annual Dinahit Festival of Pandan, Catanduanes.
Djenging - also known as balutu, large outrigger houseboats of the Sama-Bajau people.
Guilalo - a large outrigger cargo ship of the Tagalog people in Cavite. Characterized by two large settee sails.
Karakoa - very large outrigger warships around in length. They were equipped with fighting platforms (burulan) and platforms for paddlers (daramba). They had a characteristic crescent-shape with the prow usually carved into a representation of the mythical sea serpent bakunawa.
Pangayaw or mangayaw - a general term for raiding warships.
Lanong - very large two-masted outrigger warships of the Iranun people that could reach in length.
Paraw - a general term for fast double-outrigger sailboats from Visayas. They characteristically have large crab-claw sails opposite a smaller triangular foresail. Large cargo paraw had decorated edges.
Pasaplap - outrigger sailboat from Ilocos.
Seberen - outrigger sailboat from Bicol.
Vinta - also known as pilang or dapang, are small double-outrigger boats from the Sama-Bajau and Moro peoples from the Sulu Archipelago, the Zamboanga Peninsula, and southern Mindanao. They are typically rigged with colorful square tanja sails and have bifurcated prows and sterns. In 1985, the vinta Sarimanok was sailed from Bali to Madagascar to replicate ancient seafaring techniques.
Single-hulled boats
Avang - a large two-masted closed-deck cargo ship of the Ivatan people about in length. Extinct since 1910.
Bilo - a cargo vessel with a small rectangular tanja sail.
Falua - a traditional open-deck boat of the Ivatan people usually in length.
Garay - single-masted warships of the Banguingui people.
Lepa - houseboats of the Sama-Bajau with no outriggers.
Salisipan - long and narrow war canoes of the Iranun and Banguingui peoples propelled by rowing.
Tataya - a general term for small boats, with or without outriggers, powered by sails or rowers in the Batanes Islands. They have several subtypes based on size and island origin. They can also be used to refer to the larger traditional trading ships of the islands: the avang, falua, chinedkeran, and chinarem.
Dugout canoes
Awang - elaborately carved dugout canoes used in Lake Lanao by the Maranao people.
Bangka anak-anak - very small dugout canoes typically built for Sama-Bajau children.
Birau - small dugout canoes of the Sama-Bajau people.
Buggoh - small dugout canoes of the Sama-Bajau people.
Owong - small dugout canoes used in Lake Sebu by the T'boli people.
Junkun - small dugout canoes of the Sama-Bajau people.
Modern
Basnigan - very large modern motorized double-outrigger fishing ships around in length. They are capable of sailing in waves. They have detachable masts and booms used in a type of lift net fishing known as basnig or balasnig. They usually operate with smaller daughter ships known as lawagan, these are paddle-driven double-outrigger bangka carried on board. They are a common type of bangka in the Visayas Islands.
Pump boat - corrupted into pambot or pombot, a general term for motorized small bangka.
See also
Karakoa
Lanong
Trimaran
References
Indigenous ships of the Philippines
Multihulls
Sailing ships
Two-masted ships
Human-powered watercraft
Military boats
Papillorenal syndrome is an autosomal dominant genetic disorder marked by underdevelopment (hypoplasia) of the kidney and colobomas of the optic nerve.
Presentation
Ocular
Ocular disc dysplasia is the most notable ocular defect of the disease. An abnormal development in the optic stalk causes optic disc dysplasia, which is caused by a mutation in the Pax2 gene. The nerve head typically resembles the morning glory disc anomaly, but has also been described as a coloboma. A coloboma is the failure to close the choroid fissure, which is the opening from the ventral side of the retina in the optic stalk. Despite the similarities with coloboma and morning glory anomaly, significant differences exist such that optic disc dysplasia cannot be classified as either one entity.
Optic disc dysplasia is noted by an ill-defined inferior excavation, convoluted origin of the superior retinal vessels, excessive number of vessels, infrapapillary pigmentary disturbance, and slight band of retinal elevation adjacent to the disk. Some patients have normal or near normal vision, but others have visual impairment associated with the disease, though it is not certain if this is due only to the dysplastic optic nerves, or a possible contribution from macular and retinal malformations. The retinal vessels are abnormal or absent, in some cases having small vessels exiting the periphery of the disc. There is a great deal of clinical variability.
Kidney
The most common malformation in patients with the syndrome is kidney hypodysplasia, which are small and underdeveloped kidneys, often leading to end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Estimates show approximately 10% of children with hypoplastic kidneys are linked to the disease. Many different histological abnormalities have been noted, including:
decrease in nephron number associated with hypertrophy
focal segmental glomerulosclerosis
interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy
multicystic dysplastic kidney
Up to one-third of diagnosed patients develop end stage kidney disease, which may lead to complete kidney failure.
Causes
Pax2 mutations
The majority of mutations occur in exons 2,3 and 4, which encode the paired domain and frame shift mutations that lead to a null allele. The missense mutations appear to disrupt hydrogen bonds, leading to decreased transactivation of Pax2, but do not seem to effect nuclear localization, steady state mRNA levels, or the ability of Pax2 to bind to its DNA consensus sequence. Mutations related to the disease have also been noted in exons 7,8, and 9, with milder phenotypes than the other mutations.
Recent studies
Pax2 is expressed in the kidney, midbrain, hindbrain, cells in the spinal column, developing ear and developing eye. Homozygous negative Pax2 mutation is lethal, but heterozygote mutants showed many symptoms of papillorenal syndrome, including optic nerve dysplasia with abnormal vessels emerging from the periphery of the optic cup and small dysplasic kidneys. It is shown that Pax2 is under upstream control of Shh in both mice and zebrafish, which is expressed in the precordal plate.
Other genes
Approximately half of patients with papillorenal syndrome do not have defects in the Pax2. This suggests that other genes play a role in the development of the syndrome, though few downstream effectors of Pax2 have been identified.
Genetic
Papillorenal syndrome is an autosomal dominant disorder that results from a mutation of one copy of the Pax2 gene, located on chromosome 10q24.3-q25.1. The gene is important in the development of both the eye and the kidney. Autosomal dominant inheritance indicates that the gene responsible for the disorder is located on an autosome (chromosome 10 is an autosome), and only one defective copy of the gene is sufficient to cause the disorder, when inherited from a parent who has the disorder.
Diagnosis
Clinical findings in the kidney
Hypoplastic kidneys: Characterized by hypoplasia or hyperechogenicity. This typically occurs bilaterally, but there are also exceptions in which one kidney may be notably smaller while the other kidney is normal sized.
Hypodysplasia (RHD): Characterized histologically by reduced number of nephrons, smaller kidney size, or disorganized tissue.
Multicystic Dysplastic Kidney: Characterized histologically, displaying cysts or dysplasia. Shows disorganization of kidneys, and occurs in about 10% of patients with papillorenal syndrome.
Oligomeganephronia: Fewer than normal glomeruli, with a notable size increase.
Chronic kidney disease and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD)
Vesicoureteral reflux
Clinical findings in the eye
Dysplasia of the optic nerve (most common)
The severity varies, but the most severe form results in an enlarged disc where vessels exit from the periphery instead of the center. Redundant fibroglial tissue also is seen in severe cases. Milder forms of dysplasia exhibit missing portions of the optic disc located in the optic nerve pit. The least severe form of papillorenal disease shown in the eye is the exiting of blood vessels from the periphery that do not disturb the shape of the eye. Other eye malformations include scleral staphyloma, which is the bulging of the eye wall. There can also be retinal thinning and myopia. Additionally, there can be an optic nerve cyst, which is dilation of the optic nerve posterior to the globe; which most likely results from incomplete regression of the primordial optic stalk and the filling of this area with fluid. Retinal coloboma is also common, which is characterized by the absence of retinal tissue in the nasal ventral portion of the retina. However, this is an extremely rare finding.
Molecular genetic testing
Sequence analysis shows that Pax2 is the only known gene associated with the disease. Mutations in Pax2 have been identified in half of renal coloboma syndrome victims.
Treatment
Management of the disease should be focused on preventing end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and/or vision loss. The treatment of hypertension may also preserve renal function. Renal replacement therapy is recommended, and vision experts may provide assistance to adapt to continued vision loss.
Kidney transplant is also an option. Treatment plans seem to be limited, as there is a large focus on the prevention of papillorenal syndrome and its implications. People with congenital optic nerve abnormalities should seek ophthalmologists regularly and use protective lenses. If abnormalities are present, a follow up with a nephrologist should be achieved to monitor renal function and blood pressure. Since the disease is believed to be caused by Pax2 mutations and is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner, family members may be at risk and relatives should be tested for possible features. About half of those diagnosed with the disease have an affected parent, so genetic counseling is recommended.
Prenatal testing is another possibility for prevention or awareness, and this can be done through molecular genetic testing or ultrasounds at later stages of pregnancy. Additionally, preimplantation genetic diagnosis (PGD) should be considered for families where papillorenal syndrome is known to be an issue.
References
External links
GeneReview/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Renal Coloboma Syndrome
NCBI Genetic Testing Registry
Kidney diseases
Congenital disorders of urinary system
Autosomal dominant disorders
Syndromes affecting the kidneys
Transcription factor deficiencies
Syndromes affecting the optic nerve
Rare genetic syndromes
Public Deb No. 1 (or Elsa Maxwell's Public Deb No. 1) is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring George Murphy, Brenda Joyce and Ralph Bellamy.
Plot
A socialite is introduced to communism by their butler.
Partial cast
Production
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Richard Day and Rudolph Sternad.
References
Bibliography
Dick, Bernard F. The Star-Spangled Screen: The American World War II Film. University Press of Kentucky, 2015.
External links
1940 films
1940 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Gregory Ratoff
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The Buena Vista Stakes is a Grade II American Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares aged four years old or older over the distance of one mile on the turf scheduled annually in February at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. The event currently carries a purse of $200,000.
History
The inaugural running of the event was on 5 March 1988 as the Buena Vista Handicap with the Julio Canani trained Davie's Lamb ridden by Fernando Toro winning comfortably by lengths in a time of 1:39 flat.
In 1990 the event was classified as a Grade III.
The Buena Vista Handicap was run in two divisions in 1992.
The event was upgraded to Grade II status in 1995.
The event run as a handicap through 2012 but since has been run under allowance weight conditions and renamed to the Buena Vista Stakes.
It was taken off the turf and run on the dirt course in 2017 due to poor conditions on the turf course. When a graded stake is taken off the turf, the race is automatically downgraded one level for that running only. After the race, the American Graded Stakes Committee meets to review the race's running and determine if its former status should be reinstated. In the case of the 2017 Buena Vista Stakes, it was decided that the race's status would not be reinstated and as such it was recorded as a Grade III event.
Records
Speed record:
1:33.33 - Pontchatrain (2014)
Margins:
lengths – Wild At Heart (2017)
Most wins:
No horse has won this race more than once.
Most wins by an owner:
4 - Juddmonte Farms (1994, 1997, 2008, 2009)
Most wins by a jockey:
5 - Gary Stevens (1996, 2004, 2014, 2015, 2016)
Most wins by a trainer:
5 - Robert J. Frankel (1994, 1997, 2003, 2008, 2009)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
† In 1994, Lady Blessington (FR) won the race but was disqualified later after a positive swab of scopalamine and placed ninth (last). All prize money was redistributed with first place awarded to Skimble
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Flat horse races for four-year-old fillies
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Turf races in the United States
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Horse races in California
Recurring sporting events established in 1988
Santa Anita Park
1988 establishments in California
Cabeço Gordo (Portuguese for "fat mound") is the highest point in the island of Faial, measuring above sea level. Located on the southern rim of the Caldeira Volcano, on a clear day, most of the islands of the central group of the Azores are visible: Pico, São Jorge, and Graciosa, although normally the caldera may be covered in clouds and fog.
References
Geography of the Azores
One-thousanders of Portugal
Faial Island
The Howard Heights () are a snow-covered coastal promontory, high, between Stewart Glacier and Gerry Glacier on the north side of Edward VII Peninsula, Antarctica. Features in this area were explored by the Byrd Antarctic Expeditions, 1928–30 and 1933–35. These heights were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (at the suggestion of Admiral R.E. Byrd) for Roy W. Howard of the Scripps-Howard newspapers, who made financial contributions to the 1933–35 Byrd expedition.
References
Headlands of the Ross Dependency
King Edward VII Land
E. W. Scripps Company
Con-G is a non-profit fan-run multigenre convention, held in February in Guelph, Ontario, Canada from 2009 to 2014. 'Con-G' was brought back from the dead starting in 2021 as a virtual online convention Con-G - Geeks@Home in response to the Covid-19 pandemic. The convention was originally created as a Japanese anime convention but subsequently covered many other aspects of geek culture, such as Steampunk, Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Gaming etc. The name Con-G came from a combination of the words "Convention Guelph" and was a play on words on the Japanese writing system kanji.Con-G was brought back from the dead starting in 2021 as a virtual online convention Con-G - Geeks@Home in response to the Covid-19 pandemic.
History
Mascot
Kon, the Con-G mascot, was a cartoon Japanese dragon. They were green with a white belly and a purple mane, and was often depicted holding a calligraphy brush. They were created for Con-G by artist Lindsay Pattillo.
References
External links
Official Con-G website
Defunct multigenre conventions
Culture of Guelph
Tourist attractions in Guelph
Conventions in Canada
Thursday's Child is a British television series adaptation of Noel Streatfeild's 1970 children's historical novel of the same name. Consisting of six episodes, the series aired on BBC One between December 27, 1972 and January 31, 1973. The series stars Claire Walker as Margaret Thursday , Gillian Bailey as Lavinia Beresford, Simon Gipps-Kent as Peter Beresford, David Tully as Horatio Beresford, Caroline Harris as Miss Snelston, Althea Parker as Matron, Kit Daniels as Jem, Maxine Kalli as Susan, Anne Pichon as Miss Jones, Jill Riddick as Clara, Cindy O'Callaghan as Winifred, Edwin Brown as Filbert, Susan Field as Ma Smith, Joy Harington as Mrs. Tanner, Anne Ridler as Lady Corkberry, Peter Williams as Lord Corkberry, Will Stampe as Captain Smith, and Arthur Blake as PC Perkins. The series was entered into the 1973 Monte-Carlo Television Festival; placing third in the children's television program category.
References
External links
Thursday's Child at IMDB
British television shows based on children's books
1972 British television series debuts
1973 British television series endings
Hausdalshorga is a mountain in the city of Bergen in Vestland county, Norway. It is located near the Gullfjellet mountain massif.
See also
List of mountains of Norway
References
Mountains of Bergen
The 1992–93 FR Yugoslavia Cup was the first season of the FR Yugoslavia's annual football cup. Red Star Belgrade has the winner of the competition, after they defeated FK Partizan.
First round
|}
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participated in the 1992–93 season.
Second round
|}
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participated in the 1992–93 season.
Quarter-finals
|}
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participated in the 1992–93 season.
Semi-finals
|}
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participated in the 1992–93 season.
Final
First leg
Second leg
1–1 on aggregate. Red Star won 5–4 on penalties.
See also
1992–93 First League of FR Yugoslavia
1992–93 Second League of FR Yugoslavia
References
External links
Results on RSSSF
FR Yugoslavia Cup
Cup
Yugo
Thiri ( Rove) is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by S. Ashok Amritraj, starring Ashwin and Swathi Reddy in the leading roles. Featuring Jayaprakash, A. L. Azhagappan and Karunakaran in supporting roles, the film had a theatrical release on 14 July 2017.
Cast
Ashwin as Jeeva
Swathi Reddy as Swathi
Jayaprakash as Jeeva's father
Anupama Kumar as Jeeva's mother
A. L. Azhagappan as Anganan
Karunakaran as Jeeva's friend
Daniel Annie Pope as Jeeva's friend
Arjai as Kishore
Pandu
Sendrayan
Cheranraj
Prabhu Helen
Vaishali
Agnes
Sonam
Production
The project was officially announced to the media in April 2015, where it was revealed that the film would be a tale on the father-son relationship. The film's debutant director Ashok Amritraj revealed that they had not previously apprenticed under any director and credited their knowledge of film making to purely watching films. While analysing how Tamil films work, Amritraj stated they understood that audiences "love emotional stories" and opted to write a story based on emotions for Thiri. They narrated the script to several young actors in the Tamil film industry, but the script was turned down by many citing the heavy nature of the film's theme until it was accepted by Ashwin. The film was shot throughout late 2015 and 2016 and was prepared for a delayed release in July 2017.
Soundtrack
The film's music was composed by Ajesh and the album released on 17 April 2017 by Trend Music, featuring seven songs. One song in the film, "Dhillirukku Tholodu" was composed by S. Thaman.
Release
The film had a theatrical release on 14 July 2017 and received predominantly negative reviews. Sify.com called the film "a monotonous film" and a "tedious watch", adding "the film is an amateurish masala entertainer highlighting the flaws in the educational system". A critic from The Times of India wrote "The reason Thiri is underwhelming is not because of the predictable script but because it fails to inject fun into it" and that "there are attempts at injecting comedy, alright, but they hardly bring a smile and the film isn't successful in nailing its tone". Likewise, Baradwaj Rangan of Film Companian called the film "a dull, talky, been-there-done-that action-drama".
References
External links
2017 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian action drama films
2017 action drama films
2017 directorial debut films
Bumbletown is an unincorporated community in Keweenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is located within Allouez Township. As an unincorporated community, Bumbletown has no legally defined boundaries or population statistics of its own. The community is served by the Allouez 49805 ZIP Code.
The community is the site of a conglomerate dump from the former mining operations in the area. Bumbletown Hill is a high point on the north side of the community. Lake Superior can be seen from the top.
References
Unincorporated communities in Keweenaw County, Michigan
Unincorporated communities in Michigan
Michigan populated places on Lake Superior
A Seaport at Sunset is a 1749 oil painting on canvas by Claude-Joseph Vernet.
References
1749 paintings
Paintings by Claude-Joseph Vernet
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Shaffin Ahmedali Sumar (born 26 May 1971) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Tabora North constituency since 2010.
References
1971 births
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
Aga Khan Mzizima Secondary School alumni
Tanzanian politicians of Indian descent
Uyui Secondary School alumni
The pound was the currency of Pennsylvania until 1793. It was created as a response to the global economic downturn caused by the collapse of the South Sea Company. Initially, sterling and certain foreign coins circulated, supplemented from 1723 by local paper money, colonial scrip. Although these notes were denominated in £sd, they were worth less than sterling, with 1 Pennsylvanian shilling equalling 9d sterling.
The Pennsylvania Pound was first conceived by Francis Rawle, who can be rightly called The Father of the Pennsylvania Pound.
In March 1723, it issued Colonial Scrip, paper bills of credit to the amount of $60,000, made them a legal tender in all payments on pain of confiscating the debt or forfeiting the commodity, imposed sufficient penalties on all persons who presumed to make any bargain or sale on cheaper terms in case of being paid in gold or silver, and provided for the gradual reduction of the bills by enacting that one-eighth of the principal, as well as the whole interest, should be paid annually. Pennsylvania made no loans but on land security or plate deposited in the loan office, and obliged borrowers to pay 5% for the sums they took up. The scheme worked so well that, in the latter end of the year, the government emitted bills to the amount of $150,000 on the same terms. In 1729 there was a new emission of $150,000 to be reduced one-sixteenth a year. Pennsylvania was one of the last colonies that emitted a paper currency. In 1775, the colonial "scrip" currency was replaced by Continental currency. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars, with 1 dollar equalling 7 shillings and 6 pence. The continental currency was replaced by the United States dollar at a rate of 1000 continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar in 1793.
References
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Pre-statehood history of Pennsylvania
Economic history of Pennsylvania
Lake Hope is a small lake lying north of Mount Flora, close east of the head of Hope Bay, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica. It was named after nearby Hope Bay by Argentine parties working in the area.
References
Lakes of Antarctica
Bodies of water of Graham Land
Landforms of Trinity Peninsula
William's Creek is a creek in Navarre, Florida. The creek is a tributary body of water to the Santa Rosa Sound. In recent time, the creek has been a subject of advocacy and controversy for the cleaning of local waterways and the preventing of sewage effluent from entering those same waterways.
The creek is named after the Williams Family, who lived in near the creek in the early to mid 19th century.
See also
Arachno Creek
East Bay River
References
Navarre, Florida
Benjamin Fiske Barrett ( – ) was an American clergyman. They have been described as "one of the most able and prolific defenders of Swedenborgian thought in the United States in the nineteenth century."
Benjamin Fiske Barrett was born on in Dresden, Maine. They graduated from Bowdoin College and the Cambridge Unitarian Seminary. They adopted the Swedenborgian doctrines. From 1840 to 1848 they officiated as pastor of the New Church Society in New York, and then in Cincinnati until 1850, when they retired from the pulpit, owing to poor health. They pursued a mechanical trade in Chicago, and in four years regained their health and acquired a property. They then took charge of the first Swedenborgian church in Philadelphia, at the same time editing the New Church Monthly.  They are the author of A Life of Swedenborg; Lectures on the Doctrines of the New Jerusalem Church (New York, 1842); Lectures on the New Dispensation ; Letters on the Divine Trinity; The Golden Reed (New York, 1855); Catholicity of the New Church; The Visible Church; Beauty for Ashes (1856); Episcopalianism (1871); On Future Life (Philadelphia, 1872); The Golden City; The New Church, its Nature and Whereabout; Swedenborg and Channing; A New View of Hell (1872); Report of the Inquiry into the Allegations against B. F. Barrett (1867); about fifty pamphlets and smaller treatises, and numerous magazine articles. Their collected works were issued in Philadelphia (1875). They edited the Swedenborg Library, in twelve volumes, containing the substance of Swedenborg's teachings in extracts (Philadelphia, 1870, et seq.). Benjamin Fiske Barrett died on 6 August 1892 in Philadelphia.
References
External links
Created via preloaddraft
1808 births
1892 deaths
Bowdoin College alumni
American Swedenborgians
Deeper may refer to:
Music
Albums
Deeper (Delirious? album) or the title song (see below), 2001
Deeper (Lisa Stansfield album) or the title song, 2018
Deeper (Meredith Andrews album) or the title song, 2016
Deeper (The Soft Moon album) or the title song, 2015
Deeper, by Julie Anne San Jose, 2014
Deeper, by Planetshakers, 2009
Deeper (EP), by MadGibbs, or the title song, 2013
Deeper, an EP by Ella Eyre, or the title song, 2013
Songs
"Deeper" (Boss song), 1993
"Deeper" (Delirious? song), 1997
"Deeper" (Serious Danger song), 1997
"Deeper", by MNEK and Riton, 2017
"Deeper", by Olly Murs from 24 Hrs, 2016
"Deeper", by Plan B from Heaven Before All Hell Breaks Loose, 2018
"Deeper", by Summer Walker, 2020
Other uses
Deeper (Gordon and Williams novel), a 2008 Tunnels novel by Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams
Deeper (Long novel), a 2007 novel by Jeff Long
Deeper, a 2010 extreme alpine sports film by Teton Gravity Research
See also
Deep (disambiguation)
Deeper and Deeper (disambiguation)
Schrade may refer to:
Schrade (surname)
Imperial Schrade, an American knife manufacturer
48422 Schrade, a main-belt asteroid
Christian Schrade (1876–1964), German architect who worked on churches
Leo Schrade (1903–1964), American musicologist of German birth
Ulrich Schrade (1943–2009), Polish philosopher
Willi Schrade (born 1935), German actor
Dirk Schrade (born 1978), German equestrian, Summer Olympics 2012
The McConnell River Migratory Bird Sanctuary is located in the Kivalliq Region of Nunavut, Canada. The 32,800 hectare sanctuary is on Hudson Bay's west coast, 27 km south of Arviat, and 50 km north of the Manitoba border. Its namesake is the McConnell River which flows to the Hudson Bay. The Bird Sanctuary is home to and an important breeding ground for cackling goose, lesser snow goose, Ross's goose, and Canada goose.
Established in 1960 under the Migratory Bird Sanctuary Regulations of the Migratory Birds Convention Act of 1917, the sanctuary is privately owned by the Inuit of Nunavut. It received Ramsar Convention designation May 24, 1982, making it Canada's 14th Ramsar site.
See also
List of Migratory Bird Sanctuaries of Canada
Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918
References
Further reading
Snow geese and blue geese at McConnell River Migratory Bird Sanctuary, 1977. [S.l.]: G. Swinton, 1977.
External links
Environment Canada website
Ramsar sites in Kivalliq Region
Parks in Kivalliq Region
Bird sanctuaries of Kivalliq Region
Migratory Bird Sanctuaries of Canada
Protected areas established in 1960
1960 establishments in the Northwest Territories
An organ pipe is a sound-producing element of the pipe organ that resonates at a specific pitch when pressurized air (commonly referred to as wind) is driven through it. Each pipe is tuned to a specific note of the musical scale. A set of organ pipes of similar timbre comprising the complete scale is known as a rank; one or more ranks constitutes a stop.
Construction
Materials
Organ pipes are generally made out of either metal or wood. Very rarely, glass, porcelain, plastic, paper, Papier-mâché, or even stone pipes may be seen. A historical organ in the Philippines has pipes made exclusively of bamboo.
Metal
Metal pipes are usually made of lead; for increased rigidity it is alloyed with tin along with trace amounts of antimony and copper. The percentage of each metal in the alloy influences the characteristics of the resulting pipe. A high proportion of tin results in a slightly brighter colour (optical colour, not timbre). In addition, high amounts of tin give a gleaming and long-lasting polish, which may be desired if the pipe is clearly visible. The cost of each metal is also a factor, as tin is more expensive than lead. Cost considerations may also lead to the use of the inferior rolled zinc especially for the lower tones that take a lot of material. In addition, pipes have been made of many metals, including copper, aluminium, gold electroplate, silver, brass, and iron.
Metal pipes are generally made by first casting the desired lead alloy onto a long flat surface. Once the metal cools, it is cut into pieces, which are then rolled into shapes around molds called mandrels and soldered together. Thus, the cross-section of a metal pipe is usually circular. The low melting point, solderability and malleability of the organ metal makes the construction of pipes relatively easy.
Wood
The body of a wooden pipe can be made of either a coniferous wood (softwood) or hardwood, although the lower section of the pipe (comprising the metal foot (on some pipes), cap, block and mouth) will nearly always be made from hardwood to provide a precise edge for the pipe's mouth. Using screws and glue, the pipes are assembled from wooden pieces of various shapes and sizes. In contrast with the circular cross-section of a metal pipe, the cross-section of a wooden pipe is most commonly square or rectangular.
Glass
Glass pipes have been created using warm glass and stained glass techniques by Xaver Wilhelmy. Three Wilhelmy glass ranks exist in the United States, two in a private collection in West Virginia and one in a private collection in Virginia. The image at left shows the Wilhelmy American Flag Glass Pipe Organ that was created as a part of a Memorial Proposal for Ground Zero after the events of September 11, 2001.
Shapes
The bodies of organ pipes are generally made in three shapes: cylindrical, conical, or rectangular. Cylindrical pipes are simple cylinders, while conical pipes are in the shape of a tapering or expanding cone. Rectangular pipes form cuboid shapes with either a square or rectangular cross-section when viewed from above. There are some irregular shapes as well: the Flûte triangulaire, for example, has a triangular cross-section when viewed from above. In addition, a cylindrical or rectangular pipe can be tapered: that is, it can be made to be wider at the bottom than at the top. The internal shape of the pipe is a major factor in tone color.
The end of the pipe opposite the reed or mouth may be either open or closed (also known as stopped). A closed flue pipe with a uniform cross-section sounds an octave lower than a similar open pipe of the same length. Also, such an open pipe produces a tone in which both the even-numbered and the odd-numbered partials are present, while a stopped pipe, such as a gedackt, produces a tone with odd-numbered partials. The tone of a stopped pipe tends to be gentler and sweeter than that of an open pipe, though this is largely at the discretion of the voicer.
Certain organ pipes are also mounted horizontally in the shape of a trumpet horn so as to project the sound farther. These pipes are known as en chamades. However, when such a commanding tone is desired but it is impossible to mount an en chamade on the case, a hooded reed is used. This type of pipe stands vertically and has a 90-degree bend at the top which acts to project the sound outward in the same way an en chamade does, but can be placed in the interior of an organ.
Pitch
The pitch produced by an organ pipe is determined in two fundamentally different ways. For a reed pipe it is determined mainly by the mechanical properties of the reed and the length of the protruding part. For the flue pipes it is determined by the shape of the air column inside the pipe and whether the column is open at the end.
For those pipes the pitch is a function of its length, the wavelength of the sound produced by an open pipe being approximately twice its length. A pipe half the length of another will sound one octave higher. If the longest pipe, C, is in length, the pipe one octave higher will be long, and two octaves above (middle C) will be long. A closed (stopped) pipe produces a sound one octave lower than an open pipe. For example, a stopped pipe long will produce the same pitch as an open pipe 8 feet long: two octaves below middle C.
The nomenclature of a rank of pipes is based on the size of an open pipe that would produce the same pitch, regardless of the type or size of the actual pipes in the rank. For example, a rank of open pipes labeled as 8′ (pronounced "eight-foot") would have a pipe for C two octaves below middle C that is approximately 8 feet long. An 8′ stop is said to sound at "unison pitch": the keys on the organ console produce the expected pitch (e.g. the key for middle C causes a middle C pipe to speak), like a piano. In a rank of stopped pipes, the lowest pipe is 4 feet in length but sounds at unison pitch—that is, at the same pitch as an 8′ open pipe—so it is known as an 8′ stop. Reed pipes are also labeled the same as that of an open pipe with the same pitch, regardless of the actual length of the pipe.
Varieties
Flue pipes
The sound of a flue pipe is produced with no moving parts, solely from the vibration of air, in the same manner as a recorder or a whistle. Wind from the "flue", or windway is driven over an open window and against a sharp lip called a Labium. By Bernoulli's principle this produces a lower pressure region just below the window. When the vacuum under the window is large enough, the airstream is pulled under the Labium lip. Then the process works in reverse, with a low pressure region forming over the Labium which pulls the airstream to the other side again. This 'fluttering' airflow creates high and low pressure waves within the pipe's air column. A high and a low pressure wave form a single "cycle" of the pipe's tone. (See Wind Instrument.)
Flue pipes generally belong to one of three tonal families: flutes, diapasons (or principals), and strings. The basic "foundation" (from the French term fonds) sound of an organ is composed of varying combinations of these three tonal groups, depending upon the particular organ and the literature being played.
The different sounds of these tonal families of pipes arise from their individual construction. The tone of a flue pipe is affected by the size and shape of the pipes as well as the material out of which it is made. A pipe with a wide diameter will tend to produce a flute tone, a pipe with a medium diameter a diapason tone, and a pipe with a narrow diameter a string tone. A large diameter pipe will favor the fundamental tone and restrict high frequency harmonics, while a narrower diameter favors the high harmonics and suppresses the fundamental. The science of measuring and deciding upon pipe diameters is referred to as pipe scaling, and the resulting measurements are referred to as the scale of the pipe.
Reed pipes
The sound of a reed pipe is produced by a beating reed: wind is directed towards a curved piece of brass (the reed). A partial vacuum is created by higher velocity air flowing under the reed which causes it to be pulled closed against a hard surface called the shallot. This shuts off the vacuum and allows the reed to spring open again. A tuned resonator extends above this assembly and reinforces the sound produced. The principle is the same as that of the orchestral clarinet. The pitch of a reed pipe is determined primarily by the length of the reed but the volume of air in the resonator supports that frequency. Most reed pipes have a slide to adjust the vibrating length of the reed to fine-tune it. Because of the precision required in the making of the vibrating reed, resonator pipe and its accompanying parts, reed pipes are more complicated to manufacture than flue pipes.
By altering any of several parameters (including the shape and volume of the resonator, as well as the thickness and shape of the reed), a reed pipe can produce a wide variety of tonal colors. This allows reed stops to imitate historical musical instruments, such as the krumhorn or the regal. Because the resonator is partially stopped/closed by the reed, odd-numbered partials/harmonics are dominant (in the hollow tones of Krumhorn and Clarinet stops, for example). If the resonator pipe expands outward to conical, the geometry allows the production of both even- and odd-numbered partials, resulting in the fuller tones of Trumpet and Oboe stops.
Free reed pipes
These are quite uncommon; see "Free reeds" in the "Reed pipe" article.
Diaphone pipes
The diaphone is a unique organ pipe. Uncommon in church and concert pipe organs, they are quite common in Theatre Organs. Invented by Robert Hope-Jones around 1900, it has characteristics of both flue pipes and reed pipes. The pipe speaks through a resonator, much like a reed pipe, but a spring-loaded pallet instigates the vibration instead of a reed. Possessing a powerful bass groundtone, the pipe is generally made of wood and can be voiced at various wind pressures. The diaphone is usually found at 16' and 32' pitches, however there are a few examples of 8' diaphones. There are two 32' Diaphones in Philadelphia's Wanamaker Organ, and a full-length 64' Diaphone-Dulzian is installed in the Boardwalk Hall Auditorium Organ in Atlantic City.
The Diaphone pipes are used for the bottom 12 or 18 notes of the 16' Diapason rank, and also for its bottom 32' octave, on those few Theatre Organs that go that low.
Hope-Jones also developed an imitative version of the diaphone called the diaphonic horn, which had a more reed-like quality than the diaphone and was voiced on lower wind pressures. Wurlitzer built a version of the diaphonic horn for their theater organs at 32' and 16' pitches with huge wooden resonators as extensions of its Diaphonic diapason, and at 16' with metal resonators as an extension of its smaller-scale Open diapason. The Austin Organ Company also developed a metal diaphone at 16' pitch known as a Magnaton. Due to its penetrating tone, a diaphone-type horn has also been used in foghorns and fire signals.
See also
Tibia (organ pipe)
Tone hole
References
Pipe organ components
Musical instrument parts and accessories
The following is a list of governors of Luxembourg.
From the 15th to the 19th centuries, the Duchy (later Grand-Duchy) of Luxembourg was ruled by the French, the Burgundians, the Spanish and Austrian Habsburgs, and the Dutch.
From 1848 onwards, when Luxembourg received its first constitution, it started to be administered by a government in the modern sense of the word, one which was accountable to an elected Luxembourgish legislature.
See also
List of prime ministers of Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg history-related lists
Spy was built in France in 1780, almost surely under another name, and taken in prize. The British East India Company (EIC) purchased them in 1781 and used them for almost two years as a fast packet vessel and cruiser based in St Helena. It then sold them and they became a London-based slave ship, making two voyages carrying slaves from West Africa to the West Indies. They then became a whaler, making seven whaling voyages between 1786 and 1795. They were probably wrecked in August 1795 on a voyage as a government transport.
EIC packet
One source states that Spy was built in the Thames for the EIC, but that appears to be a mistake. The EIC had them surveyed before purchasing them The same source states that they sailed to Bombay and Bengal. Actually, they never sailed east of the Cape of Good Hope (the Cape). The EIC stationed them at St Helena and had their patrol in nearby waters.
Spy, John Sherwood, master, sailed from Gravesend on 13 December 1781, and Portsmouth on 6 February 1782 and arrived at St Helena on 13 June. They sailed from there on 18 August and returned on 7 September. They sailed from St Helena on 23 September and returned on 11 October. They sailed from St Helena on 16 November and returned on 6 December. They sailed from St Helena on 10 March 1783 and returned on 1 April. They sailed on 17 May and returned on 1 June. On 8 September they were at the Cape and they returned on 7 October. They returned to the Downs on 8 December. They were back at London by 16 December.
One source states that in 1784 the EIC sent Spy out to St. Helena and stationed them there permanently as a guard ship. It did not. Instead, it sold them to Camden and Calvert, who went on to employ Spy as a slave ship.
Slave ship
The preeminent database on the trans-Atlantic slave trade confuses two vessels. It gives Spy the origins and dimensions of , of 337 tons (bm). Stag was launched in 1774 in France and captured circa 1779. It then attributes to Stag the burthen (200 tons), of Spy. The probable source of the confusion is that in 1786 Captain Thomas Wilson transferred from Spy to Stag, which had been renamed Spy in 1784, with the change of name not making it into Lloyd's Register until 1787.
1st slave voyage (1784-1785): Captain Thomas Wilson sailed from London on 12 August 1784. Spy started acquiring their slaves on 1 December at Cape Coast Castle. They sailed from Africa on 1 March 1785 and arrived at Montego Bay, Jamaica on 4 May with 350 slaves. They sailed from Jamaica on 24 June and arrived back at London on 23 August.
2nd slave voyage (1785–1786): Captain Thomas Wilson sailed from London on 28 September 1785. Spy acquired their slaves at Cape Coast Castle and then at Anomabu. They embarked 450 in all and left Africa on 26 March 1786. They arrived at Grenada with on 20 May with 430 slaves, having lost 20 on the voyage. They disembarked 424. They arrived back at London on 1 August..
On their return their owners, Camden & Calvert, decided to try whaling instead of the slave trade. Captain Wilson transferred to another Spy, the former Stag, and continued in the slave trade.
Whaler
1st whaling voyage (1786–1787): Captain J. Brown sailed from London on 31 August 1786, bound for the Brazil Banks. Spy returned on 22 June 1787 with 10 tuns of sperm oil, 55 tuns of whale oil, and 38 cwt of whale bone.
Calvert & Camden sold Spy to King & Co.
2nd whaling voyage (1787–1788): Captain Thomas Wyer (or Wier) sailed from London on 4 December 1787, bound for the Brazil Banks. Spy returned on 19 August 1788 with 50 tuns of sperm oil.
3rd whaling voyage (1788–1789): Captain William Fitch sailed from London in 1788, bound for the coast of Africa. In January 1789 they and several other whalers, including , were "all well" off the coast of Guinea. In June they had 240 barrels of spermaceti oil. Spy returned on 25 August 1789 with 56 tuns of sperm oil. In 1789 they underwent repairs.
4th whaling voyage (1789-1791): Captain Fitch sailed from London on 12 November 1789. Spy returned on 10 January 1791.
5th whaling voyage (1791-1792): Captain Fitch sailed in 1791. Spy returned on 25 June 1792.
Apparently Calvert & Co. were once again owners of Spy.
6th whaling voyage (1792-1793): Captain Fitch sailed in 1792, bound for Brazil. Spy returned on 5 April 1793 with 105 tuns of whale oil and 75 cwt of whale bone.
7th whaling voyage (1793-1795): Captain Fitch sailed from London on 17 October 1793, bound for the coast of Peru. Spy returned on 26 July 1795.
Fate
LR continued to carry Spy through 1797, but with stale data. However, a Spy, Howard, master, was lost in the last week of August near Dungeness. They were outbound as a government transport; their crew were rescued. A second report had them running on shore at Dymchurch. They had been carrying men from the 3rd Regiment (The Old Buffs), who were safely landed.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
1780 ships
Ships built in France
Captured ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Ships of the British East India Company
London slave ships
Whaling ships
William Roupell (7 April 1831 – 25 March 1909) was Liberal Party Member of Parliament of the United Kingdom for Lambeth from 1857 until their resignation on 4 February 1862. A forger and a fraudster, they were ruined in the Roupell case.
Early life
William was the illegitimate son of Richard Palmer Roupell (1782–1856), scrap-metal dealer and property developer, and Sarah Crane (1796–1878), daughter of Thomas, a carpenter. William had an elder brother, John, and two younger sisters. In 1838, following the deaths of Richard Palmer's parents, the couple married. Richard Palmer and Sarah had one legitimate child, Richard (1840–1883).
Richard Palmer amassed considerable wealth in property, especially that they sold to the emerging railway network and William became interested in the business. William was articled a lawyer's clerk at Haslam & Rees from 1849 to 1854 though they made only one appearance, for their father, in court once qualified. William assisted their father in the property business but felt the allowance they received to be inadequate. By this time, they had come to suspect their illegitimacy and, rightly, that their father's will was made in favour of Richard. William was intent on establishing themselves in fashionable society and spent freely to realise their aim. By 1853, they were already £1,000 in debt and as early as 1850 they had already fraudulently mortgaged one of their father's properties at Norbiton Farm to raise funds.
In September 1853, William forged a deed of gift from their mother of Roupell Park, again fraudulently mortgaging the property. They had represented themselves the agent of an investor to gain access to the deeds and now found rents from the property paid into their hands. In 1855, their finances not improving, they again represented themselves as agent in a land purchase to defraud funds from their father. Further frauds and forgeries followed, including a property at Warley, until William had expropriated some £100,000.
Richard Palmer died on 5 September 1856 and William took the opportunity to destroy the will made in favour of Richard and to forge an alternative in favour of their mother. They were now certain of their illegitimacy. Probate was granted on the forged will on 24 September and William now found access to funds through their mother straightforward.
Member of Parliament for Lambeth
Following the Metropolis Management Act 1855, William was elected to the Lambeth Vestry whose job was to co-ordinate the area's developing infrastructure though they appear to have taken little active role in proceedings. William resolved to stand for parliament in Lambeth and launched their campaign in 1857 with a speech making much of their understanding of working class life and declaring themselves to be a reformer:
On 28 March, their nomination was proposed by Frederick Doulton (1824–1872), brother of Sir Henry Doulton, who had been an unsuccessful candidate at previous elections. Doulton appears to have written many of William's speeches and William had played their part by lavish entertainment of the electorate.
Williams was elected to the House of Commons in the 1857 general election but their campaign was alleged to have cost £6,000, some claimed £9,000. They were accused of bribing and corrupting voters, opening public houses for popular resort and maintaining that they were hired as committee rooms, and paying canvassers. A committee of the House of Commons convened to investigate the allegations. However, it turned out that the agitators for the investigation, Pattison Nickalls and Robert Bristowe, had offered to withdraw their petition and to ensure William a directorship of the South London Railway Company(see talk page) should William use their influence to ensure the passage of the legislation they needed. The investigation was dropped but William's reputation was becoming increasingly tainted.
William held a "Lambeth Election Fête and Dinner" to celebrate their double victory. However, they spoke rarely in the House, devoting most of their energies to developing their property portfolio. They did speak on 25 June 1858, the year of The Great Stink, to criticise sewer schemes that impacted their property. By the 1859 general election, the voters of Lambeth seemed largely to have forgotten, or rationalised, their distaste for William's ethics, and they re-elected him.
The Roupell case
By 1862, William was no longer able to service the mortgages that they had taken out on the misappropriated property and on 30 March destroyed some of their papers and fled to Spain. In August, their brother Richard visited them in Spain and William returned to England. They were recognised and arrested for fraud and forgery.
Richard now initiated a sequence of court cases in the hope of restoring their fortune, firstly against Waite, who was now in possession of the Norbiton Estate.
William gave evidence for their brother, admitting the frauds and forgeries and their own perjury in the grant of probate of their father's estate. It was to have been Waite's defence that William was colluding with their brother Richard, possibly in return for some compensation, but the defence was never heard as the case settled, dividing the value of the estate between Waite and Richard Roupell.
On 24 September 1862, William appeared at the Old Bailey and pleaded guilty to the forgery. The judge, Mr Justice Byles, emphasising the seriousness of the offences, sentenced William to penal servitude for life.
Release
William escaped penal transportation to Gibraltar because they were expected to be a witness in further trials. They spent much of their sentence in hard labour at the Chatham Dockyard. William was released on parole in September 1876. Richard spent the rest of their life attempting, largely unsuccessfully, to recover some of their lost fortune
Richard died in 1883, leaving William an annuity of £52 per year, hardly enough to compensate for 14 years in gaol for perjuring themselves in Richard's cause. William became, by all accounts, an amiable old man, involved in the church and charity work and an enthusiastic and able gardener. William died of heart failure and pneumonia at a nursing home in Streatham Hill. In the end, fondly remembered, they were buried in the family vault at West Norwood Cemetery.
Notes
Bibliography
External links
1831 births
1909 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1857–1859
UK MPs 1859–1865
Forgers
British fraudsters
British politicians convicted of fraud
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by England and Wales
Llanrhaiadr railway station was one mile from the village of Llanrhaeadr-yng-Nghinmeirch, Denbighshire, Wales. The station was opened on 1 March 1862 and closed on 2 February 1953. It was demolished in the 1970s and there is no trace of its existence today.
References
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Denbighshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1862
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1953
Former London and North Western Railway stations
1862 establishments in Wales
Józef Lipski (5 June 1894 – 1 November 1958) was a Polish diplomat and Ambassador to Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1939. Lipski played a key role in the foreign policy of the Second Polish Republic.
Life
Lipski trained as a lawyer, and joined the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1925. From 29 October 1934 to 1 September 1939, Lipski served as the Polish ambassador to Germany. One of their first assignments in 1934 was to work on the German–Polish Non-Aggression Pact, to try to secure the border to the east in light of Poland's isolation and the build-up in both Communist Russia and Germany itself.
In late 1938, German officials approached Poland with a suggestion to resettle European Jews to Africa, inspired by the British Uganda Scheme and the Franco-Polish Madagascar Plan, and Lipski as the Polish ambassador to Germany discussed the matter with Hitler. Yohanan Cohen describes Lipski's discussion with Hitler, which took place on 21 October 1938, as "characteristic of the kinds of things that had come to dominate the Polish establishment and public were comments by Jósef Lipski." Responding to Hitler's suggestions, Lipski said that "if they can find such a solution we will erect them a beautiful monument in Warsaw". Timothy Snyder stated that "historians of these negotiations often quote Lipski's remark that Poland would build a monument to Hitler if they found a way to resolve the Jewish question. With knowledge of the Holocaust we can find this remark even more revolting than it, in fact, was. Lipski was expressing the hope that despite the overwhelming difficulties, Germany could induce some maritime power to open some overseas colony to Polish Jews. It never occurred to them that Hitler's 'resolution' could be total mass murder."
On 24 October 1938, Lipski met with German Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop at Hitler's mountain retreat in Berchtesgaden. Ribbentrop demanded that Poland agree to the German annexation of the Free City of Danzig; Lipski refused. According to British historian A. J. P. Taylor, just days before the German invasion of Poland, Lipski refused to get out of bed, despite the urging of British diplomats, to meet with von Ribbentrop to hear Germany's latest demands of Poland, illustrating the Polish response to the aggressive German diplomacy. Under British pressure to negotiate a solution to the Danzig crisis, Lipski eventually phoned to ask for an interview with Ribbentrop on 31 August 1939 – the day before the invasion – but when learning that Lipski would only be present as an ambassador, rather than as a plenipotentiary, the meeting was refused. According to Taylor, the Germans were aware of Lipski's limited negotiating authority.
During the Second World War, Lipski fought as a volunteer (Polish 1st Grenadiers Division in France) and later joined the General Staff of the Polish Armed Forces in the West. In 1951 Lipski moved to the USA and represented the Polish Government in Exile.
Statement by Vladimir Putin
In December 2019, during a speech given to high ranking Russian defense officials, Russian President Vladimir Putin accused Lipski of antisemitism, calling them "That bastard! That anti-Semitic pig." The remarks were condemned by Polish government officials, and Poland's Chief Rabbi, Michael Schudrich, stated that "for us Jews, it is particularly outrageous for Putin to manipulate the tone of [Lipski's comments] made in their conversation with Adolf Hitler in 1938. One shouldn't forget Poland supported the emigration of its 10 percent Jewish minority, but it did so partly in cooperation with the Zionist movement, to which it gave clandestine military support. At the same time, however, when the Third Reich expelled thousands of Polish Jews in 1938, Polish diplomatic services, including Ambassador Lipski personally, assisted them. Accusing [Lipski] of antisemitism on the basis of one sentence taken out of context is extremely irresponsible."
Professor stated that "[Lipski's] extensive legacy... has no traces of antisemitic attitude. Lipski was not an antisemite."
See also
Polish corridor
1939 in Poland
List of Poles
Notes
References
Diplomat in Berlin, 1933-1939: Papers and Memoirs of Jozef Lipski, Ambassador of Poland, by Jozef Lipski, edited by Waclaw Jedrzejewicz. Columbia University Press, New York 1968.
External links
1894 births
1958 deaths
Diplomats from Wrocław
People from the Province of Silesia
Jozef
Ambassadors of Poland to Germany
Diplomats of the Second Polish Republic
Polish military personnel of World War II
Commanders of the Order of Polonia Restituta
An Intervention is a 2014 play by the British playwright Mike Bartlett. It premiered at the Watford Palace Theatre (in a co-production with Paines Plough) in April, 2014, was directed by James Grieve and featured Rachael Stirling and John Hollingworth.
References
2014 plays
Plays by Mike Bartlett
The Songs in the Key of Life Tour was a mini date concert tour by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. The set list for the tour showcases performances of Wonder performing every song from their eighteenth studio album, Songs in the Key of Life, which coincides with the anniversary of the album's original release in September 1976.
Setlist
"Love's in Need of Love Today"
"Have a Talk with God" ft Frédéric Yonnet
"Village Ghetto Land"
"Contusion"
"Sir Duke"
"I Wish"
"Knocks Me Off My Feet"
"Pastime Paradise"
"Summer Soft"
"Ordinary Pain"
"Saturn"
"Ebony Eyes"
Intermission
"Isn't They Lovely"
"Joy Inside My Tears"
"Black Man"
"All Day Sucker"
"Easy Goin' Evening (My Mama's Call)" ft Frédéric Yonnet
"Ngiculela – Es Una Historia – I Am Singing"
"If It's Magic"
"As"
"Another Star"
"Superstition"
Tour dates
Grossing
2014: $13.6 million from 12 shows
2015: $28.1 million from 34 shows
Total: $41.7 million from 46 shows
References
Stevie Wonder
2014 concert tours
2015 concert tours
Justin Alexander Adams (born 1961) is an English guitarist and composer who works in blues and African styles.
Biography
Born in London, the son of a diplomat, Adams spent some of their early childhood growing up in Egypt, before returning with their family to England.
They began their career in music in the 1980s with the band The Impossible Dreamers. They then joined Jah Wobble's Invaders of the Heart.
Their first solo album was Desert Road in 2001, and they also wrote the score for Elaine Proctor's 2000 film Kin.
Adams co-wrote the 2005 Robert Plant album Mighty Rearranger, and is a producer. They have worked with Saharan desert blues group Tinariwen, whose first and third albums they produced, Robert Plant's Strange Sensation band, and has collaborated with Brian Eno, Sinéad O'Connor, Lo'Jo and musicians from African, Arabic and Irish traditions.
From 2007, they collaborated with Gambian griot Juldeh Camara (sometimes under the name 'JUJU'), resulting in the albums Soul Science, Tell No Lies (which won a Songlines 'Cross-Cultural Collaboration' award), The Trance Sessions, and In Trance. They also recorded with Ben Mandelson and Lu Edmonds as Les Triaboliques, releasing the album rivermudtwilight (2009). They produced the 2013 Zoom album of Rachid Taha.
In 2014, they performed with Robert Plant at Glastonbury Festival.
Personal life
Adams and their wife have two children.
Discography
Desert Road (2001), Wayward
Kin: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (2001), Wayward
Soul Science (2007), Wayward - Justin Adams & Juldeh Camara
Tell No Lies (2009), Real World - Justin Adams & Juldeh Camara
rivermudtwilight (2009), World Village - Les Triaboliques
The Trance Sessions (2010), Real World - Justin Adams & Juldeh Camara
In Trance (2011), Real World - JUJU
Ribbons (2017), Wayward/DJA Records - Justin Adams & Anneli Drecker
Still Moving (2021), Rough Trade - Justin Adams & Mauro Durante
References
External links
Justin Adams statistics and tagging at Last.FM
Living people
1961 births
People from Westminster
English male guitarists
Musicians from London
Date of birth missing (living people)
Deh-e Hallaj (, also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩallāj) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 565, in 150 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Jean Dubreuil, also known as Jean Du Breuil (22 July 1602 – 27 April 1670), was a French mathematician, writer and essayist.
Life
Son of the bookseller Claude Du Breuil, they continued their father's profession until they joined the Society of Jesus. They lived for a long time in Rome where they studied architecture.
 They are known for their work about the theory and practice of perspective.
Works
La perspective practique, 1642–1649
L'Art universel des fortifications
References
French mathematicians
1602 births
1670 deaths
French essayists
French writers
The Volkswagen ID. Buzz is a battery electric minivan produced by German manufacturer Volkswagen. Based on the dedicated battery electric MEB platform, it is the first production electric minivan from Volkswagen and part of the Volkswagen ID. series.
The vehicle was first shown as a concept car at the 2017 North American International Auto Show. The production vehicle was unveiled in March 2022 with production starting in June, and European deliveries in the second half of the year with two models: a five-seater under the name ID. Buzz, and a cargo van as the ID. Buzz Cargo. U.S. availability is slated for 2024 in a long-wheelbase version. This version will also be used for the California campervan variant of the ID. Buzz.
Overview
Responding to positive feedback and strong consumer interest for the ID. Buzz Concept shown at Detroit and Geneva in 2017, CEO Herbert Diess announced in August that VW would put the vehicle into production and begin selling it in 2022.
The production version of the ID. Buzz debuted on 9 March 2022. It is one of nine new Volkswagen brand models based on the MEB platform. The ID. Buzz will be available in Europe the second half of 2022, and the US in 2024. Pre-orders in Europe began in May. Series production started in June, with an annual capacity of 130,000 units. The first deliveries are scheduled for fall 2022.
The ID. Buzz is produced by Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles in Hanover; because prior ID. series vehicles have been built at the Volkswagen Zwickau-Mosel Plant, the Hanover factory needed to be retooled to accommodate EV assembly. Although the Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant began building the MEB-based ID.4 in 2021 for the US market, Volkswagen Group of America CEO Scott Keogh stated in January 2022 that bringing production of US ID. Buzz models to Chattanooga are unlikely.
In Europe, it will launch in two configurations, a five-seater passenger van, and a cargo van; initially, a short-wheelbase version with rear-wheel drive will be available. A long-wheelbase version will debut in 2023, and will be the only version for sale in the US when it goes on sale in 2024.
Design
According to product lead Jeffrey Lear, the styling of the ID. Buzz was chosen to "be modern and fresh and exciting for folks who may not have even been around [during the 1960s and 70s]" while retaining cues to the original Type 2 (T1)/Microbus, including the prominent front-mounted logo and (optional) two-tone paint. Head of Volkswagen Design Jozef Kabaň stated "we are transferring this T1 DNA to the present day and thus into the era of electric mobility ... the ID. Buzz is timeless, sustainable and yet also extremely functional".
Dimensions
At , the wheelbase of the ID. Buzz (SWB) is similar to that of the current Volkswagen Transporter (T6); it is wider than the T6 and features a turning circle of , which is approximately the same as a Golf.
Interior
The SWB/RWD passenger version is equipped with five seats; behind the rear bench seat, there is of cargo area. Three rows of seating will be made available later; for the SWB model, each row will have two seats for a total capacity of six, while on the long-wheelbase (LWB) model, the middle row will accommodate three for a total capacity of seven. With the second row folded down on the five-passenger SWB/RWD model, cargo capacity increases to . The ID. Buzz Cargo has two or three seats in the first row only with a fixed partition; behind the partition, the Cargo version has a capacity of .
Seating surfaces use recycled plastics. There is no leather option.
The vehicle's instruments are displayed on a screen. In-car entertainment and climate controls are provided on a second centrally-positioned screen; the standard infotainment screen is , with a screen as an option. The vehicle is equipped with up to eight USB ports.
Driving assistance features
Both the ID. Buzz and ID. Buzz cargo are equipped with the 'Car2X' local warning system to identify hazards in real-time, using signals from transportation infrastructure and other vehicles; in addition, both are equipped with a collision avoidance system (CAS) branded 'Front Assist', which provides automated emergency braking. The passenger version is equipped with 'Lane Assist', which is another CAS designed to keep the vehicle in its travel lane.
Optional assistance features include 'Travel Assist with swarm data', which automates some driving tasks, including lane changes, and 'Memory Function', allowing the vehicle to park itself on a previously saved route.
Cargo variant
The ID. Buzz Cargo is based on the short wheelbase version with a minimal number of seats and no rear window. The rear of the vehicle, which is separated by a partition, is and can carry up to two Euro pallets. Depending on the configuration, there is space in the vehicle for either two (two individual seats) or three (a double bench and a driver's seat) seats.
Powertrain
The initial short-wheelbase (SWB) version is equipped with rear-axle APP 310 motor with an output of and .
The coefficient of drag is 0.285 for the SWB passenger version and 0.29 for the Cargo.
The SWB/RWD version has an 81 kW-hr battery, of which 77 kW-hr are usable; the estimated driving range is . The vehicle can accept power at a rate of up to 11 kW using an AC source, or 170 kW at a DC fast-charging station; at the latter rate, the 81/77 kW-hr battery will charge from 5% to 80% in 30 minutes. It will be capable of bidirectional V2X supply, supplying power to the electrical grid or a household as needed, although this feature is not expected to be implemented for the US model. A future software update is planned to allow Plug & Charge functionality, where the vehicle will authenticate itself at a compatible DC fast-charging station via the ISO 15118 standard.
Future development
ID. California
In December 2021, Volkswagen confirmed the ID. Buzz would be used as the basis for a future motorhome version, tentatively named ID. California. VW currently market a T6-based campervan in Europe as the Volkswagen California.
Autonomous driving
According to the chief executive of VW Autonomy, Alex Hitzinger, the ID. Buzz minivan is the basis of Volkswagen's self-driving automobile, and could be used for VW's ride-pooling service branded MOIA, competing with Uber. MOIA launched in April 2019, serving Hamburg, Germany, after a 2018 trial with a small fleet of battery electric Multivan T6 vehicles. The autonomous features are part of the "I.D. Pilot" mode, which is anticipated to become available in 2025.
In 2021, late prototype versions of the production ID. Buzz were fitted with autonomous vehicle hardware and software from Argo AI for testing on public roads in Munich and at the company's private test track near the Munich airport. Previously in 2019, VW had invested US$2.6 billion in Argo as part of a partnership with Ford Motor Company to develop autonomous vehicles.
Concept versions
Concept car descriptions in 2017 indicated the electric microbus could be produced in two versions: a high-end all-wheel-drive version with one motor each on the front and rear axles and an battery pack, and a less-expensive rear-wheel-drive version with an battery pack.
Cargo variant
The I.D. Buzz Cargo (stylized as the ID. BUZZ CARGO) debuted at the 2018 IAA Commercial Vehicles show in Hannover as a support vehicle for the Volkswagen I.D. R Pikes Peak Hillclimb racer. The Cargo has a maximum estimated cargo capacity of and uses the simplified rear-drive powertrain.
The Cargo prototype was shown in October 2019 at Nike stores in Santa Monica, California; Chicago; and New York City with retro livery branded "Blue Ribbon Sports", the predecessor company to athletic apparel manufacturer Nike, Inc.
The concept vehicle was first shown as a prototype at the 2017 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, then shown again at Geneva in March. Members of the automotive press were invited to drive the concept during Monterey Car Week later that year, in August, where it was also announced that a production vehicle based on this prototype will be launched.
See also
Volkswagen ID. series
Volkswagen Microbus/Bulli concept vehicles
References
External links
Official website (US)
ID.Buzz
Cars introduced in 2022
Production electric cars
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Minivans
Electric concept cars
I.D. Buzz
Horowitz Ridge () is a rock ridge between David Valley and King Valley in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named for Professor Norman Horowitz of the California Institute of Technology, whose interest in the analogy of Antarctica to Mars led them to suggest the value of Victoria Land dry valley studies in regard to Martian life detection. The studies were undertaken in 1966–68 by a United States Antarctic Research Program biological party led by Roy E. Cameron, who suggested the naming.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Eat Me Raw (formerly Eatmewhileimhot!) was an American experimental band, formed in Joplin, Missouri in 2008. The band released two albums and two extended plays. Members of the band were better known for performing as the indie rock band Never Shout.
History
In 2008, members of the indie rock band Never Shout formed a post-hardcore side project called EatMeWhileImHot!. The project originally started as a joke, but soon developed into a serious band. Songs like CoughKidCough, IBeatGirlsAtSports, and IHitASquirrelItChangedMyLife were released on MySpace. As the songs were released the band got more and more popular, and the members began to take it seriously. During this time, the band also changed their name to Mister Owl.
The group released their debut extended play, All My Friends, on July 7, 2009 as Mister Owl. The song "The Point" was released as a single on 200 limited edition CD-Rs on Never Shout's tour with the band, Hellogoodbye. To support their new EP, the group started to perform shows as Mister Owl in the winter of 2009. The song, "xBURRITOx" was released as a digital single on December 11.
The band name was changed from Mister Owl to Eatmewhileimhot! when Owl City's management thought the name was too similar to theirs. With their new name, the band began to record their debut album. xALBUMx was released on July 26, 2010. 300 limited editions physical editions of the album were released through an online preorder. The album received mostly negative reviews from critics, but still charted 46th on the Billboard Heatseeker Albums chart. The non-album single, "Get Up and Die" was digitally released on January 4, 2011. After the release of the album, the band went on an unofficial hiatus to work on Never Shout's Time Travel.
Eatmewhileimhot returned at the end of 2011 with the single, "Damn Straight". The exclamation point in the band name was dropped. On March 2, 2012 their second album, Mushroom, was released. The album features an extreme metal sound rather than the experimental punk genres the band employed on every other release.. It received mostly negative reviews and did not chart. Four music videos were filmed for the album's songs.
They later changed their name to Eat Me Raw and were in the process of writing an album with the working title 'Mucus'. The band likely disbanded as Ingle announced in December 2018 that Never Shout would dissolve after a small tour in Mexico and Brazil.
Band members
Christofer Drew – vocals, guitar, percussion, programming (2008–2019), keyboards, synthesizers (2009–2019), bass (2017–2019), drums (2010–2019)
Hayden Kaiser – guitars, backing vocals (2008–2018), drums (2010–2018)
Caleb Denison - drums (2010–2011), guitars (2008–2011)
Nathan Elison - drums (2008–2010)
Dustin Dobernig - keyboards, synthesizers (2008–2009)
Taylor MacFee – bass, backing vocals (2008–2017)
Timeline
Discography
Albums
xALBUMx (2010)
Mushroom (2012)
EPs
All My Friends (2009)
Untitled (2017)
Compilations
Take Action, Vol. 9 (2010)
References
Musical groups established in 2008
American post-hardcore musical groups
Heavy metal musical groups from Missouri
American musical trios
Fowl Cays National Park is a national park in Central Abaco, the Bahamas, situated between Scotland Cay and Man-O-War Cay. The park was established in 2009 and has an area of .
Flora and fauna
The park contains coral reef systems and seagrass bed, which provide habitat for surgeonfish, grunts and parrotfish. In 2017, a staghorn coral nursery was established in the park.
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Abaco Islands
Corton may refer to:
Places
Corton Formation, a geologic formation in Suffolk and Norfolk, England
Corton, Suffolk, England, a village
Corton, Wiltshire, England, a village
Corton, West Virginia, an unincorporated community
Cuisine
Corton (wine), a French wine
Corton (meat spread), a French-Canadian meat spread
Corton (restaurant), a New York City restaurant
See also
Corton Denham
Carolina Garcia-Aguilera (born July 13, 1949) is an American writer born in Havana, Cuba. They have written seven (7) novels in a mystery series, three (3) stand-alone novels, numerous short stories and contributed to a number of Anthologies. Carolina Garcia-Aguilera moved to the United States when they were 10 years old. They attended Miss Porter's Preparatory School in Farmington, Connecticut, for high school before graduating from Rollins College in Winter Park, FL, with a B.A. in history and political science. Carolina Garcia-Aguilera went on to obtain a master's degree in Language and Linguistics, an MBA in Finance, and has continued studies for a PhD in Latin American Affairs.
In 1986 Carolina Garcia-Aguilera became a private investigator with a goal of writing a series featuring a female Cuban-American P.I. based in Miami. The first book in the Lupe (Guadalupe) Solano mystery series was published in 1996, and was followed by six (6) other Lupe Solano books. "Havana Heat" published in 2000 won the 2001 Shamus Award for Best P.I. Hard Cover Novel.
Works
Lupe Solano series:
Bloody Waters (1996)
Bloody Shame (1997)
Bloody Secrets (1998)
A Miracle in Paradise (1999)
Havana Heat (2000)
Bitter Sugar (2001)
Bloody Twist (2010)
Other Novels:
One Hot Summer (2002) was adapted as a Lifetime Movie and was released for Television on July 26, 2009.
Luck of the Draw (2003). The Matriarch of the Navarro Clan decides that the family should gather and reestablish the long-lost family casino in Havana, "La Estrella", in Miami. When the family discovers that Diamond Navarro, a journalist in Las Vegas, is missing, The Matriarch orders Esmeralda Navarro, the oldest daughter of five, to Las Vegas to find Diamond and bring them home.
Magnolia (2012)
Anthology Contributions:
From The Private Eye Writers of America comes "Fifty Shades of Grey Fedora" (2013; edited by Robert J. Randisi, this anthology features stories by MaxAllan Collins, Sara Paretsky, John Lutz, Gary Phillips, Carolina Garcia-Aguilera and 12 others.
See also
Cuban American literature
List of Cuban-American writers
References
External links
Official website
1949 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American mystery writers
American women novelists
American writers of Cuban descent
Cuban emigrants to the United States
Cuban women novelists
Miss Porter's School alumni
People from Havana
Rollins College alumni
Shamus Award winners
Writers from Miami
Women mystery writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Novelists from Florida
Major General Bruce Brealey CB (born 8 February 1959) is a British Army officer who served as Deputy Commanding General of the Multi-National Corps – Iraq from 2007 to 2008.
Military career
Educated at St Olave's Grammar School in Orpington, Brealey was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1984. They became Commander, Royal Artillery in December 2002, Assistant Chief of Staff, Plans at the Ministry of Defence in January 2005 and Deputy Commanding General of the Multi-National Corps – Iraq in October 2007. They went on to be General Officer Commanding, Theatre Troops in November 2008 and Director-General, Capability in November 2011. They were made a companion of the Order of the Bath in 2012.
References
|-
1959 births
British Army major generals
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Living people
Royal Artillery officers
People educated at St Olave's Grammar School
British Army personnel of the Iraq War
Pleasant Hill is a neighborhood located in the village of Richfield, Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on Highway 164 heading towards Hartford, Wisconsin.
This used to be an unincorporated community until 2004 when the sign was torn down and it became a modern-day neighborhood in the village of Richfield. If you look hard enough, it was on Washington County maps, I believe from 1912 and beyond.
Notes
Geography of Washington County, Wisconsin
Neighborhoods in Wisconsin
Sylvie Granger (1955 – 12 June 2022) was a French modernist historian. They gained notoriety for their works on music and dance of the 18th century.
Biography
Granger studied under historian and defended their thesis on 15 February 1997. They became a research assistant at Le Mans University and taught a course titled "Dance and Society from the 16th to the 19th century". They continued their position as a research assistant until their retirement from teaching in 2016, although continued their activities in research. They were a member of the Temos laboratory.
Granger died on 12 June 2022.
Works
Musiciens dans la ville, 1600-1850 (2002)
Journal d'un chanoine du Mans, Nepveu de La Manouillère, 1759-1807 (2013)
Musiciennes en duo, Mères, filles, sœurs ou compagnes d'artistes (2015)
Femmes en Sarthe, Actrices de leur temps (2015)
Hommes en Sarthe, Acteurs de leur temps (2015)
Souvenirs d'un villageois du Maine, Louis Simon (1741-1820) (2016)
Jardins d'émotions en Sarthe (2017)
Danser dans la France des Lumières (2019)
References
1955 births
2022 deaths
20th-century French historians
21st-century French historians
French women historians
University of Lyon alumni
Aix-Marseille University alumni
The Badlands Guardian is a geomorphological feature located near Medicine Hat in the southeast corner of Alberta, Canada. The feature was discovered in 2005 by Lynn Hickox through use of Google Earth.
Description
Viewed from the air, the feature has been said to resemble a human head wearing a full Indigenous type of headdress, facing directly westward. Additional human-made structures have been said to resemble a pair of earphones worn by the figure. The apparent earphones are a road (Township Road 123A) and an oil well, which were installed in the early 2000s and are expected to disappear once the project is abandoned.
The head is a drainage feature created through erosion of soft, clay-rich soil by the action of wind and water.
The arid badlands are typified by infrequent but intense rain-showers, sparse vegetation and soft sediments. The 'head' may have been created during a short period of fast erosion immediately following intense rainfall. Although the image appears to be a convex feature, it is actually concave – that is, a valley, which is formed by erosion on a stratum of clay, and is an instance of the Hollow-Face illusion. Its age is estimated to be in the hundreds of years at a minimum.
In 2006, suitable names were canvassed by CBC Radio One program As It Happens. Out of 50 names submitted, seven were suggested to the Cypress County Council. They altered the suggested 'Guardian of the Badlands' to become Badlands Guardian.
The Badlands Guardian was also described by the Sydney Morning Herald as a "net sensation". PCWorld magazine has referred to the formation as a "geological marvel". It is listed as the seventh of the top ten Google Earth finds by Time magazine.
See also
Apophenia, the tendency to perceive connections between unrelated things
Pareidolia, the phenomenon of perceiving faces in random patterns
"Face on Mars", photographed by Viking 1 in 1976
Inuksuk, traditional Native Arctic peoples' stone "marker statuaries" in Alaska and Arctic Canada
Marcahuasi, a plateau in the Andes, near Lima, Peru with numerous rock formations with surprising likenesses to specific animals, people, and religious symbols.
Old Man of the Mountain, (former) rock profile in New Hampshire (collapsed on May 3, 2003)
Old Man of Hoy, a rock pillar off Scotland that resembles a standing man
References
External links
Satellite image (Google Maps)
Photo of the Badlands Guardian taken from a paraglider
3D diagram of Badlands Guardian topography, prepared by Lutz Perschon for CBC Radio.
Google Earth Community Page about the discovery of the feature.
Badlands of Canada
Cypress County
Geomorphology
Geology of Alberta
Landforms of Alberta
Mahadev Naik is an Indian politician from the state of Goa. They were a MLA from the Shiroda, Goa, constituency.
 They are been a former Bharatiya Janata Party Minister in the Parsekar-led Government.
Ministry
They were a Minister in the Laxmikant Parsekar-led government in Goa. They lost the Siroda Assembly constituency in the 2017 Goa Legislative Assembly election. Naik joined Aam Aadmi Party in August 2021
Portfolios
In the Parsekar-led cabinet, Naik held the charge of:
Industries
Textile & coir
Social welfare
Co-operation
Handicrafts
Controversy
Opposition alleged that they were involved in a housing loan scam.
External links
Goa councle of ministers
References
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Living people
People from North Goa district
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
Aam Aadmi Party politicians from Goa
Year of birth missing (living people)
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = September
|day = 25
|year = 2022
|time = 13:42
|timestamp = 20220925134215
|content=
REDIRECT 2020 United States presidential election
}}
The tropical scrubwren or Beccari's scrubwren (Sericornis beccarii) is a bird species. Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy, this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong; they rather belong to the independent family Acanthizidae.
It is found in tropical moist forests of northern Australia, Indonesia, and Papua New Guinea.
Taxonomy
Sericornis beccarii includes the following subspecies:
S. b. wondiwoi – Mayr, 1937
S. b. beccarii – Salvadori, 1874
S. b. weylandi – Mayr, 1937
S. b. idenburgi – Rand, 1941
S. b. cyclopum – Hartert, 1930
S. b. randi – Mayr, 1937
S. b. minimus – Gould, 1875
S. b. dubius – Mayr, 1937
References
Sericornis
Birds described in 1874
Taxa named by Tommaso Salvadori
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Too Good to Not Believe" is a song by Brandon Lake and Bethel Music, which was released on May 21, 2021, as the lead single to Bethel Music's thirteenth live album, Homecoming (2021). The song was written by Lake, Chris Davenport, Cody Carnes, and Josh Silverberg. David Whitworth handled the production of the single.
"Too Good to Not Believe" peaked at number 17 on the US Hot Christian Songs chart published by Billboard.
Background
On May 14, 2021, Bethel Music released the music video of "Too Good to Not Believe" with Brandon Lake on YouTube. Lake and Bethel Music officially released the song as a single on May 21, 2021. On September 10, 2021, Lake alongside Jenn Johnson released the radio version of "Too Good to Not Believe".
Writing and development
Brandon Lake shared the story behind the song, saying it came out of a conversation between Cody Carnes, Chris Davenport and them about the miracles they had seen. Lake shared that while Joshua Silverberg was not present when they had written the song, they were credited on account of being an inspiration to them for the number of healings they had seen. Lake quoted Silverberg saying "God heals because they love. It's in their nature, it's in their character. It's what they do, and he's never stopped healing."
Composition
"Too Good to Not Believe" is composed in the key of C with a tempo of 72 beats per minute and a musical time signature of .
Commercial performance
"Too Good to Not Believe" debuted at No. 33 on the US Hot Christian Songs chart dated June 5, 2021, concurrently charting at No. 7 on the Christian Digital Song Sales chart.
"Too Good to Not Believe" debuted at number 50 on the US Christian Airplay chart dated October 30, 2021.
Music videos
Bethel Music released the live music video of "Too Good to Not Believe" with Brandon Lake leading the song at Bethel Church through their YouTube channel on May 14, 2021. On September 24, 2021, Bethel Music released the official lyric video of the song on YouTube.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
Cody Carnes and Brandon Lake version
Cody Carnes and Brandon Lake released a studio-recorded version of "Too Good to Not Believe" as a single on May 28, 2021.
Accolades
Commercial performance
"Too Good to Not Believe" debuted at number 44 on the US Christian Airplay chart. The song went on to peak at number 43 and has spent a total of three consecutive weeks on the chart.
"Too Good to Not Believe" debuted at No. 45 on the US Hot Christian Songs chart dated February 1, 2022.
Music videos
On May 28, 2021, the audio video of "Too Good to Not Believe" was published on Cody Carnes's YouTube channel, as well as the live performance video of the song.
Track listing
Personnel
Studio version credits adapted from AllMusic.
Dan Alber — bass
Cody Carnes — primary artist, vocals
Chad Chrisman — A&R
Austin Davis — drums, producer, programmer
Garrett Davis — A&R
Sam Gibson — mastering engineer, mixing
Brandon Lake — primary artist, vocals
Casey Moore — acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Micah Nichols — vocal engineer
Skye Reedy — background vocals
Aaron Robertson — keyboards, programmer
Sam Westhoff — vocal engineer
Live version credits adapted from AllMusic.
Dan Alber — bass
Tyler Carino — assistant engineer
Cody Carnes — acoustic guitar, primary artist, producer, vocals
Chad Chrisman — A&R
Austin Davis — producer, programmer
Garrett Davis — A&R
Sam Gibson — mastering engineer, mixing
Kari Jobe — background vocals
Casey Moore — electric guitar
Jack Nellis — vocal engineer
Aaron Robertson — programmer
Jessica Sheppard — keyboards
Bobby Strand — electric guitar, keyboards
Joe Volk — drums
Charts
Release history
Other versions
Tribl and Maverick City Music released their live version of the song featuring Lizzie Morgan, Cecily, and Melvin Crispell III, as a promotional single from their album, Tribl Nights Anthologies (2022).
References
External links
on PraiseCharts
2021 singles
Bethel Music songs
Brandon Lake songs
Cody Carnes songs
Songs written by Brandon Lake
Songs written by Cody Carnes
Ashraf al-Khamaisi (born 1967) is an Egyptian novelist and short story writer. They were born in Luxor.
Carerr
To date, they have published three collections of short stories and two novels. Their 2013 novel God's Land of Exile was longlisted for the Arabic Booker Prize. Earlier, their short story "The Four Wheels of the Hand-Pushed Cart" won the top prize in a pan-Arab short story competition organised by Akhbar al-Adab.
They live and works in Cairo, as an editor for Al-Thaqafa Al-Jadida magazine.
References
Egyptian novelists
People from Luxor
1967 births
Living people
Egyptian male short story writers
Egyptian short story writers
Male novelists
21st-century novelists
21st-century short story writers
21st-century Egyptian writers
Events in the year 2019 in Denmark.
Incumbents
Monarch – Margrethe II
Prime Minister – Lars Løkke Rasmussen
Events
2 January – Great Belt Bridge rail accident: A DSB express passenger train is hit by a semi-trailer from a passing cargo train on the western bridge of the Great Belt Fixed Link in Denmark, killing eight people and making it the deadliest rail accident in the country since 1988.
10–27 January – 2019 World Men's Handball Championship – co-hosted with Germany
26 May – The 2019 European Parliament election
5 June – 2019 Danish general election
27 June – The Cabinet of Mette Frederiksen is presented.
16 August –; The government of Denmark rejects the suggestion that the United States might purchase Greenland.
The arts
Film
Music
Sport
Badminton
17 February – Denmark wins the 2019 European Mixed Team Badminton Championships by defeating Germany 3–0 in the final.
24–31 March – Viktor Axelsen wins Men's Single at 2019 India Open.
Cycling
27 February – 3 March – Denmark wins one silver medal and two bronze medals at the 2019 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
39 April – Jakob Fuglsang wins 2019 Liège–Bastogne–Liège.
16 June – Jakob Fuglsang wins the Critérium du Dauphiné.
29 September – Mads Pedersen wins gold in Men's road race at the 2019 UCI Road World Championships.
16–20 October – 2019 UEC European Track Championships
17 October — Denmark wins gold in Team Pursuit at the 2019 UEC European Track Championships.
17 October – Denmark wins a gold medal in Team Pursuit.
20 October
Amalie Dideriksen and Julie Leth wins a gold medal for Denmark in Women's Madison.
Lasse Norman Hansen and Michael Mørkøv wins a gold medal for Denmark in Men's madison.
Golf
8 December – Rasmus Højgaard wins AfrAsia Bank Mauritius Openn.
Handball
27 January – Denmark wins the 2019 World Men's Handball Championship in handball by defeating Norway 31–27 in the final.
Sailing
30 Oc tober – Anne-Marie Rindom wins the 2019 Women's World Sailor of the Year Award.
Tennis
8 June – Holger Vitus Nødskov Rune wins the 2019 French Open – Boys' Singles.
Deaths
5 May - Ib Glindemann, jazz composer and bandleader (born 1934)
10 June – Ib Nørlund, composer (born 1931)
See also
2019 European Parliament election
2019 in Danish music
References
Links
Years of the 21st century in Denmark
Denmark
Denmark
2010s in Denmark
The OpenMI (Open Modeling Interface) Standard defines an interface that allows models to exchange data in memory at run-time. When the standard is implemented, existing models can be run simultaneously and share information, for instance at each time step, making model integration feasible at the operational level. The OpenMI standard was created with the intent to facilitate model integration, which is helpful in understanding and predicting process interactions and achieving an integrated approach to environmental management.
The OpenMI standard is owned and maintained by the OpenMI Association, an open, not for profit group of international organizations and people. On the 1st of July 2014 the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC®) membership has approved the Open Modelling Interface Standard Version 2 (OpenMI) as an OGC standard.
OpenMI architecture
OpenMI is based on a ‘request & reply' mechanism and a pull-based pipe-and-filter architecture, which consists of communicating components (source components and target components) that “exchange memory-based data in a predefined way and in a predefined format”.
The OpenMI standard interface has three functions:
Model Definition: This allows other linkable components to find out what items a given model can exchange in terms of quantities simulated and the locations at which the quantities are simulated.
Configuration: This defines what will be exchanged when two models have been linked for a specific purpose.
Run-time operation: This enables the model to accept or provide data at run time.
OpenMI standard in a nutshell
The OpenMI is interface-based
Its standardized part is defined as a software interface specification.
The interface acts as a contract between software components.
The interface specification is not limited to specific technology platforms or implementations.
The interface implementation may be limited by the technology supported in a specific release.
By adopting the implemented interface a component becomes an “OpenMI-compliant” component.
The OpenMI is open
Its specification is publicly available via the Internet.
Its source code is open and available under Lesser GPL license conditions.
It enables linkages between different kinds of models developed by different disciplines for different scientific domains.
It offers a complete metadata structure to describe the numerical data that can be exchanged in terms of semantics, units, dimensions, spatial and temporal representation and data operations.
It provides a means to define exactly what is linked, how and when.
Its default implementation and software utilities are available under an open source software license.
The OpenMI is a standard
It standardizes the way data transfer is specified and executed.
It allows any model to talk to any other model (e.g. from a different developer) without the need for co-operation between model developers or close communication between integrators and model developers.
Its generic nature does not limit itself to a specific domain (for example the water discipline or even in the environmental discipline).
Note that the OpenMI enables validation by dimension checks on the quantities linked. However, the OpenMI cannot guarantee that the representation of the process in the component or the link to another component is scientifically valid. That is the responsibility of the modeller, model integrator and user.
History
In 2001 the European Commission funded (under the Fifth Framework Programme) a research project named HarmonIT in order to develop and implement a European Open Modeling Interface that would simplify the linking of Hydrology related models. This need was called for in the Water Framework Directive (WFD) that identified whole catchment modelling as a key part of integrated water management. For further development and demonstration the OpenMI-Life Project was carried out within the European Commission Directorate General for the Environment's "LIFE"-Programme.
To further promote the use and dissemination of OpenMI, the OpenMI Association was founded in 2007. It opened the way to companies, public organisations and universities interested in system analysis and modelling to contribute successfully in the development of the OpenMI Standard Interface.
During the years, several versions of OpenMI were released:
2005: Version 1.0 was released within the framework of the HarmonIT project.
2007: Fairly early in the OpenMI-Life project, updates to the OpenMI standard were released (.Net v1.2 and Java versions; the latter one mainly developed by partners outside the OpenMI-Life project). Because of compatibility problems that arose from these updates, the update and release procedure was thoroughly reviewed, leading to a version 1.4 (available for both .Net and Java), which from that moment on continued to be the only officially supported version of the Standard.
2010: Development work for OpenMI 2.0 went on throughout the OpenMI-Life project and by the end of it, a beta release was ready and published for external review. After thorough testing and review it was released in 2010.
2014: On the 1st of July 2014 the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC®) membership has approved the Open Modelling Interface Standard Version 2.0 (OpenMI) as an OGC standard.
An extended version of this history can be found here.
OpenMI standard for users and developers
The OpenMI standard is defined by a set of software interfaces, in C# and Java, that a compliant model or component must implement.
The OpenMI can be described at two levels:
At the users' level, the OpenMI provides a standard interface, which allows models to exchange data with each other and other modelling tools as they run. The OpenMI Standard connects models from different suppliers, domains, concepts and spatial and temporal resolutions.
At the IT level, OpenMI standard is a software component interface definition for the computational core (the engine) of the computational models of the scientific domain of interest (e.g. water resources models). Model components that comply with this standard can, without any additional programming, be configured to exchange data during computation (at run-time). The standard supports two-way links where the involved models mutually depend on calculation results from each other. Linked models may run asynchronously with respect to timesteps, and data represented on different geometries (grids) can be exchanged seamlessly.
OpenMI compliant models
As the standard is free to use, there is not a complete list of OpenMI compliant models and tools. The OpenMI Association aims to keep an overview of models and tools here.
The literature overview provides another entry for compliant models and tools.
Referenced documents
External links
OpenMI Association
OpenMI-LIFE
OpenMI Association Technical Committee Wiki Pages
Integrated hydrologic modelling
Earth sciences metadata conventions
Ratshof or Rathshof was a suburban quarter of western Königsberg, Germany. Its territory is now part of the Tsentralny District of Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
The estate Propsthof, in the broad Hufen region between Altstadt and Lawsken, was established by the Teutonic Knights. In 1533 Altstadt Church sold Propsthof to the Altstadt councilor Bernhard Betner. The estate was subsequently known as Ratshubenhof and then Ratshof; it is unknown if it was renamed in honor of Betner themselves or the Altstadt town council (Rat). It was also known as Altstädtischer Ratshof to differentiate it from Kneiphöfischer Ratshof near Rosenau in southern Königsberg. In 1586 Ratshof was owned by Urban Rodemann.
Over centuries Ratshof functioned as an iron forge, a farming estate, an upper class establishment, and a children's nursing facility. Also in the vicinity were the Hammerteich pond and the beloved Hammerkrug inn. In 1806 the estate was acquired by the bailiff Wendland of Kaporn, who expanded it with land from the nearby Wilky forest and converted Ratshof into a large estate in 1817. From 1843 to 1883 it was owned by the Batocki family. In 1849 the Hammerkrug inn was purchased by councilor Tortilowicz von Batocki-Friebe.
At the end of the 19th century, Allgemeine-Wohnungs-Bauverein, a private development company, developed Ratshof into a Gartenstadt according to the garden city movement. By 1905 the growing suburb was incorporated into the city of Königsberg (Stadtkreis Königsberg i. Pr.).
In 1916 the Kunstakademie Königsberg moved from Neue Sorge to Ratshof. The quarter's stadium, Sportplatz Hammerteich, hosted the football club SpVgg ASCO Königsberg. Ratshof Church was constructed in 1937. In southern Ratshof on the northern shore of the Pregel River were the Waggonfabrik factory of L. Steinfurt, warehouses, a pulp mill, and a chemical factory.
Notes
References
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Coy Ernest Ruple (born October 27, 1945 in Conway, Arkansas) is a former American football tackle who played two seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Ruple played college football at the University of Arkansas before being drafted into the NFL Draft in 1968. They played high school football at Conway High School in Conway, Arkansas.
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Conway, Arkansas
American football offensive linemen
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
The 1974 Barking Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Barking London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
100 Candidates across 7 parties ran.
Labour was the only party that ran a full slate of candidates. The Conservative party ran 25 candidates and the Liberal Party ran 11 candidates.
Results
Labour comfortably maintained its majority holding all of its seats. The Residents Association held all 4 of its Councillors.
Labour won 45 councillors to the Residents Association 4.
Results by ward
Abbey
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Fanshaw
Gascoigne
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
River
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1974 and 1978
There were no by-elections.
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Snapper is a clone of the Namco arcade game Pac-Man programmed by Jonathan Griffiths for the BBC Micro and released as one of the launch titles for Acornsoft in 1982. It was also one of Acornsoft's launch titles for the Acorn Electron in 1983.
Snapper started the BBC Micro tradition of controlling arcade games using the Z, X, : and / keys for horizontal and vertical motion, since on most BBC models the arrow keys were not conveniently placed for gaming.
Gameplay
As in Pac-Man, bonus items such as fruit sometimes appear in the centre of the screen. The highest-scoring bonus item is an acorn, a reference to the publishers. When Snapper is killed, t shrinks and turns into small lines pointing in all directions.
The main difference in gameplay between Pac-Man and Snapper is the behaviour of the ghosts (or monsters). In Pac-Man, each ghost has its own personality and follows set patterns for each level. The red ghost also travels at double speed after a certain number of dots are eaten. In Snapper, the monsters begin each level by patrolling their corners a set number of times before breaking from their route to chase the Snapper. The time before breaking the route is reduced for each level until on later levels, the monsters chase Snapper almost immediately. The only real difference between the monsters is the corner they patrol and how soon they break from their route (e.g. the red ghost is always the first). Also, in Pac-Man, the main character slows when eating dots (so ghosts can catch up to him) but this does not happen in Snapper. These changes lead to a game which is much easier in the early levels but gets progressively more difficult so games tend to last longer.
Development
In development, the game was titled Puc Man (the first Japanese title of the arcade game was Puck Man) but the name was changed before release to avoid legal action. However, the initial release of the game was so close to Pac-Man (including the design of the game's characters) that this version had to be withdrawn and re-released with the characters changed. The player's character became a round yellow face with very short legs wearing a green cowboy hat and the ghosts became skinny humanoid monsters.
References
External links
Video clip of BBC Micro version (running at double speed)
1982 video games
BBC Micro and Acorn Electron games
BBC Micro and Acorn Electron-only games
Acornsoft games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Single-player video games
20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Waylon Jennings is a compilation album by American country music artist Waylon Jennings, released on MCA Nashville on May 9, 2000. It contains material from the singer's short tenure at MCA; this includes three tracks from Will the Wolf Survive (1986), two from Hangin' Tough (1987), another two from A Man Called Hoss (1987) and four from Full Circle (1988).
Track listing
Critical reception
20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Waylon Jennings received three out of five stars from Steve Huey of AllMusic. In their review, Huey states that "the compilation demonstrates that Jennings did produce some quality work during their time with MCA" and is "a worthy addition to the collections of devoted fans."
Chart performance
20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Waylon Jennings peaked at number 67 on the U.S. Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
References
External links
Waylon Jennings' official website
MCA Nashville official website
Jennings, Waylon
2000 greatest hits albums
MCA Records compilation albums
Waylon Jennings compilation albums
Robat (, also Romanized as Robāţ; also known as Ribāt and Robāţ-e Shahr-e Bābak) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 571, in 139 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Philipp Eduardovich Davydenko (; born 2 September 1992 in Volgograd) is a Russian tennis player.
Tennis career
Davydenko has a career high ATP singles ranking of 390 achieved on 8 December 2014.
Davydenko made their ATP main draw debut at the 2009 Kremlin Cup in the doubles event partnering Ilya Belyaev losing in the first round to Martín Vassallo Argüello and Horacio Zeballos. At the 2014 MercedesCup, Davydenko qualified for the main draw, defeating Facundo Bagnis, Alexander Lobkov and Louk Sorensen en route. In the main draw they won their first round match defeating Blaž Rola 6–4, 7–6(10–8), before losing to Santiago Giraldo in the second round in three sets.
Davydenko is the nephew of Nikolay Davydenko, a former world No.3 on the ATP tour.
External links
1992 births
Living people
Russian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Volgograd
People from Rhein-Erft-Kreis
Sportspeople from Cologne (region)
Taihuai () is a town in Wutai County, Xinzhou, Shanxi, China. it had a population of 10,525 and an area of . The Han, Manchu, Mongolian and Tibetan live here. Taihuai located in the northeastern Wutai County. It borders the Yedou Peak () in the north, Guayue Peak () and Fanshi County in the west, Mount Taihang and Shizui Township in the east, and Jingangku Township and Lingjing Township in the south.
History
In the Xu Xiake's Travels, Xu Xiake (1587-1641) described the town as "Under the north Mount Wutai, Taiwan (Taihuai) is located in the west of eastern Mount Wutai, in the north of southern Mount Wutai.".
Administrative division
As of 2016, it includes 22 villages: Dongtaigou Village (), Guangmingsi Village (), Dongzhuang Village (), Yangpodao Village (), Yanglin Village (), Taihuai Village (), Xinfang Village (), Yangboyu Village (), Chegou Village (), Zhulinsi Village (), Qingliangshe Village (), Loushang Village (), Miaogou Village (), Rizhaosi Village (), Da'nanzhuang Village (), Kuantan Village (), Huangtuzui Village (), Baitou'an Village (), Huyingou Village (), Nanta Village(), Shifo Village (), and Luobaogou Village ().
Geography
The Lingjiu Peak (), with a height of above sea level, located in the town. Mount Dailuoding (), also known as "Green Mount Peak" (), located in the east of the town. Mount Fanxian (), located in the south of the town.
There are more than 595 plant species cultivated in the town. There are some 142 species of bird and 208 species of mammals to be seen in the town.
Climate
Taihuai is in the temperate continental climate zone, with an average annual temperature of , total annual rainfall of 700 to 800 mm, a frost-free period of 90 to 110 days. The highest temperature is , and the lowest temperature is .
Attractions
There are more than thirty Buddhist temples in the town, including Jinge Temple, Mimi Temple, Xiantong Temple, Tayuan Temple, Wanfo Pavilion, Luohou Temple, Yuanzhao Temple, Guangzong Temple, Pusading, Cifu Temple, Shuxiang Temple, Longquan Temple, Zhenhai Temple, Nanshan Temple, Bishan Temple, Lingfeng Temple, Shouning Temple, Guangren Temple, Puhua Temple, Santa Temple, Qifu Temple, Guanghua Temple, Fanxian Temple, Jifu Temple, Pushou Temple, Jixiang Temple, Wuye Temple, and Mingyue Chi.
References
Bibliography
Divisions of Wutai County
Xinzhou
Viggianello (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
According to a Christian tradition, recorded in The Posthumous Miracles of St. Photeine, Domnina, daughter of the Roman emperor Nero, was converted in to Christianity along with their hundred slave girls, by the samaritan woman Photina. According to the tradition, Domnina ordered that all the tempting gold jewelry they and their servants had to be sold and the money distributed to the poor. In one version the converted Domnina took the name Anthousa.
Domnina is not recorded in historical sources, and the story is likely a Christian myth dating to late antiquity, or to the Middle Ages. Nero's only recorded daughter was named Claudia Augusta, and died in infancy.
A daughter of Nero's is also mentioned in some versions of the medieval fable of 'Virgil in the basket', as the lady who is the subject of the poet's affections. Such tales often blend fact with fiction and freely conflate and combine items from different eras of history, without regard for the actual chronology.
References
External links
1st-century Romans
1st-century Roman women
Converts to Christianity from pagan religions
Christian mythology
Family of Nero
Legendary Romans
Mythological characters
Yunshun Road (), formerly known as East Jinxiu Road (), is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Jinke Road and East Jinxiu Road in Pudong, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021. The station has currently 3 exits. It is near the bus station named East Jinxiu Road at Yunshun Road.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
The Intelligenzaktion Pommern was a Nazi German operation aimed at the eradication of the Polish intelligentsia in Pomeranian Voivodeship and the surrounding areas at the beginning of World War II. It was part of a larger genocidal Intelligenzaktion that took place across most of Nazi-occupied western Poland in the course of Operation Tannenberg (Unternehmen Tannenberg), purposed to install Nazi officials from SiPo, Kripo, Gestapo and SD at the helm of a new administrative machine.
On the direct orders from Adolf Hitler, carried out by Reinhard Heydrich's bureau of Referat Tannenberg along with Heinrich Himmler's established Reich Security Main Office (RSHA), Poles from among intelligentsia and elites were rounded up, and executed without any due process by the SS-Einsatzgruppen in dozens of remote locations such as the forest massacres in Piaśnica and the cavernous Valley of Death. Starting right after the invasion in September 1939, with a second wave in the spring of 1940, these actions were an early measure of the German Generalplan Ost colonization.
Background
After the Nazi invasion of Poland, the ethnically Polish and Kashubian population of Polish Pomerania was immediately subjected to brutal terror. Poles were seen by German state during the war as subhuman. Prisoners of war, as well as many Polish intellectuals and community leaders were murdered. Many of the crimes were carried out, with official approval, by the so-called Einsatzkommando 16 and "Selbstschutz", or paramilitary organizations of ethnic Germans with previously Polish citizenship. They in turn were encouraged to participate in the violence and pogroms by the local Gauleiter Albert Forster, who in a speech at the Prusinski Hotel in Wejherowo agitated ethnic Germans to attack Poles by saying "We have to eliminate the lice ridden Poles, starting with those in the cradle... in your hands I give the fate of the Poles, you can do with them what you want". The crowd gathered before the hotel chanted "Kill the Polish dogs!" and "Death to the Poles". The Selbstschutz participated in the early massacres as Piaśnica, and many of their members later joined police and SS formations which continued the massacres until the Fall of 1940.
Organized action aimed at exterminating the Polish population of the region, however, began only after the end of the September campaign, with the Intelligenzaktion Pommern, a part of an overall Intelligenzaktion by Nazi Germany aimed at liquidating the Polish elite. Its main targets were the Polish intelligentsia, which was blamed by the Nazis for pro-Polish policies in the Polish corridor during the interwar period. Educated Poles were also perceived by the Nazis as the main obstacle to the planned complete Germanization of the region.
Prepared list of targets
Even before the Nazi invasion of Poland, German police and Gestapo cooperated with the German minority in Poland to prepare special lists of Poles "Sonderfahndungsbuch Polen" whom they regarded as representative of the Polish government, administration, culture, and life in the region. People on this list were called "The enemies of Reich" and were designated to be executed. According to official criteria, the Polish "intelligentsia" included anyone with a middle school or higher education, priests, teachers, doctors, dentists, veterinarians, veteran military officers, bureaucrats, members of Polish administration, police, medium and large business people and merchants, medium and large landowners, writers, journalists and newspaper editors. Furthermore, all persons who during the interwar period had belonged to many Polish cultural and patriotic organizations such as Polski Związek Zachodni or Polish Union of the West, Związek Obrony Kresów Zachodnich, Polish Gymnastic Society "Falcon" and Maritime and Colonial League.
Between the fall of 1939 and spring of 1940, in the Intelligenzaktion and other actions, the Nazis killed around 100,000 Polish intellectuals and other prominent citizens, 61,000 of whom came from special lists. The main site of these murders were the forests around Wielka Piasnica.
Method of realisation
The action was realised by SS paramilitary death squads – Einsatzcommando 16 and the paramilitary organisation of the German minority in Poland – Volksdeutscher Selbstschutz. The aim of this action was elimination of Polish society elite: Polish nobles, intelligentsia, teachers, Polish entrepreneurs, social workers, military veterans, members of national organisations, priests, judges and political activists.
Locations
Most executions of this regional action took place in forests near Piaśnica Wielka, Mniszek near Świecie and in the Szpęgawski forests near Starogard Gdański. Local Germans (Selbstschutz) and the Gestapo murdered 5,000–6,600 Poles and Jews in October and November 1939 in Fordon, Bydgoszcz, northern Poland in a place known as the "Fordon Valley of Death" (). In a similar mass murder near Chojnice, known as "Chojnice Valley of Death" (), 2,000 citizens from Chojnice were murdered between 1939 and 1945. Most victims were Polish intelligentsia and patients from local mental hospitals murdered in the "Euthanasia Program" called Action T4.
German SS units
Those who participated in the mass murder in Piaśnica included:
Einsatzkommando 16, under command of head Danzig Gestapo, Rudolf Tröger
special unit of the SS – 36 Regiment SS Wachsturmbann ˝Eimann˝ under command of Kurt Eimann
members of local Selbstschutz
Mass murder in Szpęgawski Forest
special unit of the SS – 36 Regiment SS Wachsturmbann ˝Eimann˝ under command of Kurt Eimann
members of Selbstschutz from Starogard Gdański under command of SS-Unterscharführer Paul Drews
12 members of SS Heimwehr Danzig under command of SS-Obersturmführer Wilhelm Fast
Mass murder in Mniszek
special unit of the SS – 36 Regiment SS Wachsturmbann ˝Eimann˝, under command of Kurt Eimann
members of local Selbstschutz
See also
Sonderaktion Krakau
German AB Action operation in Poland
Massacre of Lwów professors
Notes and references
"Mass murder in Piaśnica in 1939" article
Bibliography
Elżbieta Grot, Ludobójstwo w Piaśnicy z uwzględnieniem losów mieszkańców powiatu wejherowskiego (Genocide in Piaśnica with addition of the fate of the inhabitants of Wejherowo county). Public Library of Wejherowo.
Maria Wardzyńska, Był rok 1939 Operacja niemieckiej policji bezpieczeństwa w Polsce. Intelligenzaktion, IPN Instytut Pamięci Narodowej, 2009
Maria Wardzyńska: Intelligenzaktion" na Warmii, Mazurach oraz Północnym Mazowszu. Główna Komisja Ścigania Zbrodni Przeciwko Narodowi Polskiemu. Biuletyn Instytutu Pamięci Narodowej nr. 12/1, 2003/2004, ss. 38–42.
Andrzej Szcześniak: Generalplan Ost. Plan Zagłady Słowian. Radom: Polskie Wydawnictwo Encyklopedyczne, 2001, .
Dieter Schenk "Hitlers Mann in Danzig Gauleiter Forster und die NS-Verbrechen in Danzig-Westpreußen", J. H. W. Dietz Nachf. Verlag, Bonn 2000, ,
Meier, Anna "Die Intelligenzaktion: Die Vernichtung Der Polnischen Oberschicht Im Gau Danzig-Westpreusen" VDM Verlag Dr. Müller,
1939 in Poland
History of Pomerania
1940 in Poland
Massacres in Poland
Germany–Poland relations
Nazi war crimes in Poland
The Holocaust in Poland
Songs of Scotland is a 1955 album by Jo Stafford. It was released on January 1, 1955 on the Columbia label and features Stafford backed by the Paul Weston Orchestra. The lyrics are all taken from traditional Scottish poetry, many from the work of Robert Burns, with the music written by Alton Rinker.
Stafford and Weston re-joined Capitol Records in 1961. The album was later released by Weston and Stafford's own record label, Corinthian.
Track listing
My Heart's in the Highlands
John Anderson, My Jo
Flow Gently Sweet Afton
Ye Banks and Braes of Bonnie Doon
Molly's Meek, Molly's Sweet
Comin' Through the Rye
My Love Is Like a Red, Red Rose
Green Grow the Rashes, O
Annie Laurie
My Jean
The Bonnie Lad That's Far Away
Auld Lang Syne
References
1955 albums
Jo Stafford albums
Corinthian Records albums
Albums arranged by Paul Weston
Capitol Records albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums conducted by Paul Weston
Phyllonorycter obsoleta is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Massachusetts, United States.
The wingspan is about 8 mm.
References
obsoleta
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1873
Luis Munive Escobar (June 21, 1920 − May 25, 2001) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop. Ordained to the priesthood on March 25, 1944, Munive Escobar was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tlaxcala, Mexico in 1959 and retired in 2001.
References
People from Tlaxcala
1920 births
2001 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Mexico
Karkan-e Pain (, also Romanized as Karkān-e Pā'īn and Karakān-Pā'īn; also known as Garakān-e Soflá and Karkān-e Soflá) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 333, in 79 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Paramunnidae is a family of isopods belonging to the order Isopoda.
Genera
Genera:
Abyssianira Menzies, 1956
Acutomunna Winkler, 1994
Advenogonium Just & Wilson, 2007
References
Isopoda
Crustacean families
Mirabad (, also Romanized as Mīrābād; also known as Mīrābād-e Khvājeh Ja‘far) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Trillium Health Partners is a hospital system which serves Mississauga and western Toronto in the Canadian province of Ontario. It comprises the Credit Valley Hospital, Mississauga Hospital, and Queensway Health Centre. Trillium Health Partners is Canada's largest community-based, academically affiliated hospital, and has the largest emergency department in the country. Trillium Health Partners is affiliated with the University of Toronto and, in partnership with the University of Toronto Mississauga, jointly created the Mississauga Academy of Medicine.
Formation
Trillium Health Partners was formed with the amalgamation of the Trillium Health Centre and the Credit Valley Hospital on December 1, 2011. The two-site Trillium Health Centre was itself the result of a 1998 amalgamation between Mississauga Hospital (established 1958 as South Peel Hospital) and Queensway General Hospital (established 1956).
Constituent hospitals
Credit Valley Hospital
Credit Valley Hospital (founded 1985) is a 365-bed regional hospital serving the northern neighbourhoods of Mississauga. It is equipped with a helipad for air ambulance services.
Mississauga Hospital
Mississauga Hospital (founded 1958 as South Peel Hospital) is a 751-bed regional hospital serving the central and southern neighbourhoods of Mississauga. It also is the site of regional stroke, cancer, and neurological care centres.
Queensway Health Centre
Queensway Health Centre (founded 1956 as Queensway General Hospital) is the ambulatory care centre for the hospital group. It provides urgent care (non-emergency) to residents of western Toronto and central-southern Mississauga, relieving pressure on the emergency room at Mississauga Hospital and other nearby hospitals. The Queensway Health Centre is also the site of rehabilitation services, a Complex Continuing Care unit, the Betty Wallace Women's Health Clinic, and the Kingsway Financial Spine Centre.
In 2022, Trillium received a $105 million donation from the Peter Gilgan Foundation, for this hospital and Mississauga Hospital. After the expansion is complete, it will be known as the Gilgan Family Queensway Health Centre.
Charitable foundation
Trillium Health Partners' work of providing health care is supported by the fundraising efforts of the Trillium Health Partners Foundation, which was formed through the merger of the Credit Valley Hospital Foundation and the Trillium Health Centre Foundation in 2013.
Notes
Hospital networks in Canada
2011 establishments in Ontario
Branko Sobot (born 12 January 1972 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian former professional boxer, who held the IBF Inter-Continental middleweight and super middleweight titles and challenged for the WBO World Super middleweight title, losing against Joe Calzaghe by 3rd round TKO.
Amateur
Sobot became Croatian amateur champion in 1994 defeating Stjepan Božić by split decision.
Pro
Sobot's debut came on January 7, 1995, with a knockout of Bosnian, Savo Jankovic. On 1 March 1996, Sobot fought and defeated Orhan Ajvazoski for the German International middleweight title in Frankfurt and went on to make two more successful defences in the city and later two more in Offenbach and Oberhausen.
After nine wins, Sobot successfully fought for the IBF Inter-Continental middleweight title, defeating experienced titleholder Salvador Yanez.
Sobots next major challenge came on January 25, 1997, when they faced future world champion Hacine Cherifi for the EBU (European) middleweight title. After a 12 round fight, the Frenchman defeated Sobot on points, Sobots only defeat after 11 wins.
On the January 24, 1998, Sobot made their first and only World title challenge. Moving up to Super Middleweight, they faced Joe Calzaghe who was making their first defence since winning the WBO World super middleweight title off Chris Eubank. Sobot was brought in as a late replacement for American Tarick Salmaci.
Despite beating the count after getting knocked down in the third round, the Croatian came under renewed punishment, with the Welshman landing blows from all angles, prompting the referee to stop the fight, making it Sobot's first TKO loss.
In November 1999, after two recovery wins back in Germany, Sobot faced unbeaten Mario Veit for the vacant German International super middleweight title, losing the ten round contest by unanimous decision.
Their next fight was more successful, as they won the IBF Inter-Continental super middleweight title in their home country with a sixth round stoppage over Francis Fofoh. This took their career record up to 17-3-0 at the turn of the millennium, although the rest of their career would be less victory filled. In their next nine fights they would win just twice, facing tough competition against the likes of Danilo Haussler, Arthur Abraham, Mger Mkrtchyan and Konni Konrad.
On the 16 December 2004, Sobot fought their last bout, losing to undefeated and future WBO World super middleweight champion Denis Inkin by second round TKO.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Zagreb
Croatian male boxers
Middleweight boxers
Stefano Marzano (born 1950) is an Italian Architect and Designer. Stefano Marzano served as Chief Design Officer and CEO of Philips Design at Royal Philips International between 1991 and 2011.Thereafter they were Chief Design Officer and member of the Electrolux Group Management in Electrolux from January 2012 until they retired at the end of 2013.
Stefano Marzano studied architecture at Politecnico of Milano. Marzano holds a doctorate in Architecture at the same Politecnico of Milano, a H.C.doctorate in Design from the University Sapienza in Roma and a H.C. doctorate in Design from the PolyU of Hong Kong. Until 1998 they were a professor at the Domus Academy in Milan, and a member of the academy's strategic board. In 1999–2001 and 2017 -2019 they were a professor at the Design University at Politecnico di Milano. Marzano is also the author and editor of several books on design.
Marzano is a member of the European Design Leadership Board.  They are an adviser to several design schools around the world : for example is Founding Dean and Advisory Board Member of THNK School of Creative Leadership. H They were chairperson of the advisory board and co-funder of the faculty of Design of the TUe, the Eindhoven University of Technology.
In 2005, Businessweek named Marzano one of 38 global “Best Leaders.” They have also received honorary doctorates in design from the Sapienza University of Rome and the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
Notes and references
Living people
1950 births
Italian designers
Electrolux people
Polytechnic University of Milan alumni
Ivo Pantulf was an Anglo-Norman nobleman and feudal baron of Wem in Shropshire.
Pantulf was the son of Robert Pantulf, who was lord of Wem. They were probably born around 1114.
Pantulf is the witness on a document from Nicholas de Stafford to Kenilworth Priory in October 1130. They were a witness on a royal charter in 1137 or 1138.
Pantulf became lord of Wem on their father's death, which occurred sometime before 1137 or 1138. Their holding of the lordship of Wem is considered to have made them the third Baron of Wem.
Pantulf gave lands to Shrewsbury Abbey between 1141 and 1155. They also gave lands to Combermere Abbey in the same period. They witnessed a few more charters between 1152 and 1160. Late in their life they gave land to Haughmond Abbey.
Pantulf married twice. From their first marriage, they had three sons – Hugh, Hamelin, and Brice. The second marriage was to Alicia de Verdun, either the daughter of Bertram II de Verdun and sister of Norman de Verdun of Alton Castle or the daughter of Norman de Verdun. They had two more sons – William and Norman – from their second marriage.
Pantulf died in 1175. Their lands at Wem and its lordship went to their son Hugh.
Citations
References
1110s births
1175 deaths
Anglo-Normans
Feudal barons of Wem
Mohammed Lawal Rafindadi (1934–2007) was a Nigerian diplomat and security chief from Katsina state. Ambassador Rafindadi was a career diplomat in the Nigerian foreign service and also a pioneer intelligence officer in the Research Department (RD) of the Foreign Ministry. They served as Nigeria's Ambassador to West Germany between 1981 and 1983 and later as the third and last Director-General of the National Security Organization (NSO).
Life
Rafindadi was born on February 12, 1936 in their home town of Katsina. They enrolled at Gafai Elementary School in 1944 finishing their primary education in 1948. They then proceeded to Provincial Secondary School, Katsina (1948-1953) and in 1954, they attended Clerical Training College, Zaria. In 1954, they joined the civil service working for the Northern Nigeria regional government. In 1961, they transferred services to the Federal Ministry of External Affairs where they ended their career as Nigeria's top diplomat in West Germany in 1983.
Rafindadi was NSO chief during the administration of Muhammadu Buhari. Between 1984 and 1985, the organization was responsible for holding several Nigerians and a few foreigners in detention without trial. The organization was also involved in the investigation of corruption against Umaru Dikko.
In 1985, the NSO investigated a report about an import scandal involving General Aliyu Gusau. The report indicted Gusau who was asked to retire. However, a military coup in August 1985 toppled Buhari's regime, the coupists led by Ibrahim Babangida then placed Rafindadi in solitary confinement for 40 months.
References
1934 births
2007 deaths
Nigerian diplomats
Ambassadors of Nigeria to West Germany
People from Katsina State
Directors General of the State Security Service (Nigeria)
Directors General of the National Security Organization
Nigerian security personnel
National Security Organization staff
The Patrick Kavanagh Poetry Award is an Irish poetry award for a collection of poems by an author who has not previously been published in collected form. It is confined to poets born on the island of Ireland, or who have Irish nationality, or are long-term residents of Ireland. It is based on an open competition whose closing date is in July each year. The award was founded by the Patrick Kavanagh Society in 1971 to commemorate the poet.
Competition secretaries were Martin Hanratty (1971–72), Tom Quinn (1973–83), Magdalene Quinn (1984–2000), Daigh Quinn (2001–02), and Rosaleen Kearney (2003 onwards). Since 2009 the Judge of the Award and President of the Society has been the poet, novelist and screenwriter Brian Lynch. Past judges have included Brendan Kennelly, John Montague, Gerald Dawe, Thomas McCarthy, Theo Dorgan, Paula Meehan, Conor O'Callaghan, Vona Groarke, Moya Cannon, and Gabriel Rosenstock. It is now run by the society in conjunction with the Patrick Kavanagh Centre, Inniskeen.
Since 2011, the award is presented at the end of September during the annual Kavanagh Weekend at the Patrick Kavanagh Centre.
List of winners
1971–1979
1971: Sean Clarkin is a Wexford based poet whose book is Without Frenzy (1974).
1973: Eiléan Ní Chuilleanáin is a Dublin based poet, critic, and member of Aosdána. Them poetry books include Acts and Monuments (1973), Site of Ambush (1975), The Second Voyage (1977), Cork (1981), The Rose Geranium (1981), The Magdalene Sermon (1989), The Brazen Serpent (1994), The Girl Who Married the Reindeer (2001), Selected Poems (2008) and The Sun-fish (2009).
1974: Paul Durcan is a Dublin based poet and a member of Aosdána. Their books include Endsville (with Brian Lynch, 1967), O Westport in the Light of Asia Minor (1975), Sam's Cross (1978), Teresa's Bar (1976), Jesus, Break their Fall (1980), Ark of the North (1982), The Selected Paul Durcan (edited by Edna Longley, 1982), Jumping the Train Tracks with Angela (1983), The Berlin Wall Café (1985), Going Home to Russia (1987), In the Land of Punt (with Gene Lambert, 1989), Jesus and Angela (1998), Daddy, Daddy (1990), Crazy About Women (1991), A Snail in My Prime: New and Selected Poems (1993), Give Me Your Hand (1994), Christmas Day (1997), Greetings to Our Friends in Brazil (1999), Cries of an Irish Caveman (2001), The Art of Life (2004), The Laughter of Mothers (2007), Life Is a Dream: 40 Years Reading Poems 1967–2007 (2009) and Praise In Which I Live And Move And Have My Being (2012).
1975: John Ennis is a Waterford based poet. Their books include Night on Hibernia (1976), Dolmen Hill (1977), A Drink of Spring (1979), The Burren Days (1985), Arboretum (1990), In a Greener Shade (1991), Down in the Deeper Helicon (1994), Telling the Bees (1995), Selected Poems (1996), Tráithníní (2000) and Near St Mullins (2002).
1976: Aidan Carl Matthews is a Dublin based poet, author and playwright. Their poetry books include Windfalls (1977), Minding Ruth (1983), and According to the Small Hours (1998). Their plays are The Diamond Body; Entrance, Exit; and Communion. Their story collections are Adventures in a Bathyscope (1988), and Lipstick on the Host (1992). Their novel is Muesli at Midnight (1990).
1977: Thomas McCarthy is a Cork based poet and Aosdána member. Their poetry works include The First Convention (1978), The Sorrow Garden (1981), The Non-Aligned Storyteller (1984), Seven Winters in Paris (1989), The Lost Province (1996), Mr Dineen's Careful Parade: New and Selected Poems (1999), Merchant Prince (2005), and The Last Geraldine Officer (2009). Their novels are Without Power (1990) and Asya and Christine (1993). They have also written the nonfiction The Garden of Remembrances (1998).
1978: Rory Brennan is a Dublin based poet whose works include The Sea on Fire (1978), The Walking Wounded (1985), and The Old in Raphallo (1996).
1979: Michael Coady is a Carrick-on-Suir based poet and member of Aosdána. Their books include Two for a Woman, Three for a Man (1980), Oven Lane (1987), All Souls (1998), One Another (2003) and Going By Water (2009).
1980–1989
1980: Nuala Archer is a Cleveland based poet whose books include Whale on the Line (1981), Two Shores: Poems by Medbh McGuckian and Nuala Archer (1989), The Hour of Pan/Amá (1992), From a Mobile Home (1995), and Inch Aeons (2006)
1981: Harry Clifton is a Dublin based poet and novelist and a member of Aosdána. Their poetry books include The Walls of Carthage (1977), Office of the Salt Merchant (1979), Comparative Lives (1982), The Liberal Cage (1988), Night Train through the Brenner (1996), The Desert Route Selected Poems 1973–1988 (1992), God in France (2003), Secular Eden: Paris Notebooks, 1994–2004 (2007) and The Winter Sleep of Captain Lemass (2012). Their novels include On the Spine of Italy (1999) and Berkeley's Telephone (2000, collected stories).
1982: Peter Sirr is a Dublin based poet and a member of Aosdána. Their books include Marginal Zones (1984), Talk, Talk (1987), Ways of Falling (1991), The Ledger of Fruitful Exchange (2000), Bring Everything (2000), Nonetheless (2004), Selected Poems 1982–2004 (2004), and The Thing Is (2009).
1983: Greg Delanty is a Vermont based poet. Their books include Cast in the Fire (1986), Southward (1992), American Wake (1995), The Hellbox (1998), The Blind Stitch (2002), Collected Poems 1986–2006 (2006), and The Ship of Birth (2007). They co-edited The Word Exchange: Anglo-Saxon Poems in Translation (2010).
1984: Tom O'Malley is a Navan based poet whose poetry book is Journey Backward (1988).
1985: Roz Cowman is a Cork based poe. Them collection is The Goose Herd (1989).
1986: Padraig Rooneys poetry books are In the Bonsai Garden (1988), The Escape Artist (2006), and The Fever Wards (2010). Their novel is Oasis (1982).
1987: Anthony Glavin (died 2006) was a poet and music professor. Their poetry book is The Wrong Side of the Alps (1989).
1988: Angela Greene (deceased) was a poet whose poetry book was Silence and the Blue Night (1993).
1989: Pat Boran is a Dublin based poet and author, and a member of Aosdána. Their poetry books include The Unwound Clock (1990), History and Promise (1990), Familiar Things (1993), The Shape of Water (1996), As the Hand, the Glove (2001), New and Selected Poems (2007) and The Next Life (2012). Their prose books are All the Way from China (1998), Strange Bedfellows (1991), A Short History of Dublin (2000), and The Portable Creative Writing Workshop (2005).
1990–1999
1990: Sinéad Morrissey is a Belfast based poet. Them books include There Was Fire in Vancouver (1996), Between Here and There (2001), The State of the Prisons (2005), Through the Square Window (2009), and Parallax (2013).
1991: Sheila O'Hagan is a Dublin based poet. Them works include Peacock's Eye (1992), The Troubled House (1995) and Along the Liffey: Poems & Short Stories (2009).
1992: Aine Millar is a Dublin based poet. Them collection is Goldfish in a Baby Bath (1994).
1993: Conor O'Callaghan is a Manchester based poet. Their poetry books include The History of Rain (1993), Seatown (1999), Fiction (2005), and The Sun King (2013). Their novel is Red Mist: Roy Keane and the Football Civil War (2004).
1994: Celia de Fréine is a Dublin based poet and dramatist who writes primarily in the Irish language. Them poetry book in English is Scarecrows at Newtownards (2005) and their poetry collections in Irish are Faoi Chabáistí is Ríonacha ("Of Cabbages and Queens") (2001) and Fiacha Fola ("Blood Debts") (2004). Them plays include Nara Turas é in Aistear ("That the journey may not have been in vain") (2000), Anraith Neantóige ("Nettle Soup") (2004) and Cóirín na dTonn ("Corinne of the Waves") (2004).
1995: William Wall is a Cork based poet and author. Their poetry books are Mathematics and Other Poems (1997), Fahrenheit Says Nothing To Me (2004) and Ghost Estate (2011). Their novels include Alice Falling (2000), Minding Children (2001), The Map of Tenderness (2003) and This Is The Country (2005). Their short story collection is No Paradiso (2006).
1996: Bill Tinley is a Maynooth based poet whose book is Grace (2001).
1997: Fr. Michael McCarthy is a Durham based priest and poet. Their collections are Birds' Nests and Other Poems (2003). and At the Races (2009).
1998: Carmel Fitzsimons is a London based poet.
1999: Eibhlin nic Eochaidh is a Leitrim based poet.
2000–2009
2000 : Joseph Woods is a Dublin based poet, and was Director of Poetry Ireland 2001-13. Their books are Sailing to Hokkaido (2001), Bearings (2005), and Cargo (2011). They were co-editor of Our Shared Japan (2007).
2001: Ann Leahy is Dublin based, and their collection is The Woman who Lived Them Life Backwards. (2008)
2002: Alice Lyons is a Roscommon based poet and artist whose collection is Staircase Poems (2006)
2003: Manus McManus is a Dublin based poet and film writer/director.
2004: Joseph Horgan is a Cork based poet. Their poetry collections are Slipping Letters Beneath the Sea (2008), A Song at Your Backdoor (2010) and An Unscheduled Life (2012).
2005: Dave Lordan is Greystones based, and their poetry collections are The Boy in the Ring (2008), Invitation to a Sacrifice (2010) and Lost Tribe of the Wicklow Mountains (2015).
2006: Enda Coyle-Greene is a Skerries based poet whose collections are Snow Negatives (2007) and Map of the Last (2013).
2007: Conor Carville is a Reading based poet whose first collection is Harms Way (2013).
2008: Geraldine Mitchell is a Mayo based poet whose collections are World Without Maps (2011) and Of Birds and Bones (2014). They have written two novels for young people, Welcoming the French (1992) and Escape to the West (1994); and a biography of Muriel Gahan, Deeds Not Words (1997).
2009: Martin Dyar is a Dublin and Mayo based poet whose first collection is Maiden Names (2012).
2010–2018
2010: Connie Roberts, a Co. Offaly native, emigrated to the United States in 1983. Them first collection is Little Witness (2015).
2011: Helena Nolan is Kilkenny-born and working in Dublin.
2012: Caoilinn Hughes is a Galway-born writer, currently working at Maastricht University in the Netherlands. Them first collection, Gathering Evidence (Carcanet 2014), won the Irish Times Strong/Shine Award in 2015.
2013: Rafiq Kathwari lives in Omeath, Co. Louth. They were born in Kashmir and spent most of their adult life in the U.S. Their collection is In Another Country (2015).
2014: John Fitzgerald lives in Co. Cork and is the librarian at University College Cork.
2015: John Mee lives in Cork and is a professor of law at University College Cork. Their pamphlet, From the Extinct, was published by Southword Editions (2016).
2016: Laurence O'Dwyer, born in Tipperary, is a graduate of University College Cork and holds a PhD from Trinity College Dublin.
2017: Ruth Timmins is Dublin born but now lives in Curracloe, Co. Wexford.
2018: Conor Cleary is Tralee born but now lives in Glasgow.  They are a graduate of Trinity College Dublin and has an MA from Queen's University University Belfast.
2019: Scott McKendry is a Belfast native. They hold a PhD from Queen's University Belfast and is currently a Government of Ireland Postdoctoral Fellow at Trinity College Dublin. Their pamphlet Curfuffle ("The Lifeboat") was selected as Poetry Book Society Autumn Choice 2019.
2020–2021
2020: No award this year
2021: Jerm Curtin is originally from Boherbue in north west Cork and now lives in Spain where they teach English as a foreign language. They won for their collection A Drowned City, a vision of Cork City permanently underwater due to climate change. Judge Brian Lynch said "Curtin combines the sensitivity to language of a poet with a novelist's eye for character".
AnthologyDancing with Kitty Stobling: Patrick Kavanagh Poetry Award Winners, 1971–2003'' is a selection of poems edited by Antoinette Quinn and was published by Liliput Press in 2004.
References
Awards established in 1971
Irish literary awards
Award
Poetry awards
Alexander Nicolaus Scherer (, 30 December 1771, St. Petersburg – 16 October 1824, St. Petersburg) was a Russian-German chemist and pharmacologist.
In 1794 they graduated from the University of Jena, later serving as a lecturer at the gymnasium in Weimar. In 1800 they were appointed a professor of physics at the University of Halle, shortly afterwards working as a manager at a stoneware factory in Potsdam. In 1803 they relocated to the University of Dorpat as a professor of chemistry, and during the following year returned to St. Petersburg as a professor of chemistry and pharmacy at the medico-surgical academy. In 1815 they became a full member of the St. Petersburg Academy of Sciences.
Scherer was instrumental in the creation of the "Pharmaceutical Society of St. Petersburg", an institution in which they served as its first president.
Written works
They were an editor of the journals Allgemeines Journal der Chemie (from 1798 to 1803) and Allgemeine nordische Annalen der Chemie (from 1817 to 1822). They were the author of Kurze Darstellung der chemischen Untersuchungen der Gasarten (Weimar, 1799), translated into English in 1800 as A short introduction to the knowledge of gaseous bodies. Other principal works by Scherer include:
Versuch einer populären Chemie, 1795 - book on popular chemistry.
Nachträge zu den Grundzügen der neuern chemischen Theorie, 1796 - Supplements to the basic features of modern chemical theory.
Grundriss der Chemie für akademische Vorlesungen, 1800 - Outline of chemistry for academic lectures.
Руководство к преподаванию химии, St. Petersburg 1808.
Codex medicamentarius Europaeus, 1819-1824.
Versuch einer systematischen Uebersicht der Heilquellen des russischen Reichs, 1820 - A systematic survey on the mineral springs of the Russian Empire.
Literatura pharmacopoearum, 1822.
References
1771 births
1824 deaths
19th-century German chemists
German pharmacologists
Scientists from Saint Petersburg
University of Jena alumni
University of Halle faculty
University of Tartu faculty
Caspase-3 is a caspase protein that interacts with caspase-8 and caspase-9. It is encoded by the CASP3 gene. CASP3 orthologs have been identified in numerous mammals for which complete genome data are available. Unique orthologs are also present in birds, lizards, lissamphibians, and teleosts.
The CASP3 protein is a member of the cysteine-aspartic acid protease (caspase) family. Sequential activation of caspases plays a central role in the execution-phase of cell apoptosis. Caspases exist as inactive proenzymes that undergo proteolytic processing at conserved aspartic residues to produce two subunits, large and small, that dimerize to form the active enzyme. This protein cleaves and activates caspases 6 and 7; and the protein itself is processed and activated by caspases 8, 9, and 10. It is the predominant caspase involved in the cleavage of amyloid-beta 4A precursor protein, which is associated with neuronal death in Alzheimer's disease. Alternative splicing of this gene results in two transcript variants that encode the same protein.
Caspase-3 shares many of the typical characteristics common to all currently-known caspases. For example, its active site contains a cysteine residue (Cys-163) and histidine residue (His-121) that stabilize the peptide bond cleavage of a protein sequence to the carboxy-terminal side of an aspartic acid when it is part of a particular 4-amino acid sequence. This specificity allows caspases to be incredibly selective, with a 20,000-fold preference for aspartic acid over glutamic acid. A key feature of caspases in the cell is that they are present as zymogens, termed procaspases, which are inactive until a biochemical change causes their activation. Each procaspase has an N-terminal large subunit of about 20 kDa followed by a smaller subunit of about 10 kDa, called p20 and p10, respectively.
Substrate specificity
Under normal circumstances, caspases recognize tetra-peptide sequences on their substrates and hydrolyze peptide bonds after aspartic acid residues. Caspase 3 and caspase 7 share similar substrate specificity by recognizing tetra-peptide motif Asp-x-x-Asp. The C-terminal Asp is absolutely required while variations at other three positions can be tolerated. Caspase substrate specificity has been widely used in caspase based inhibitor and drug design.
Structure
Caspase-3, in particular, (also known as CPP32/Yama/apopain) is formed from a 32 kDa zymogen that is cleaved into 17 kDa and 12 kDa subunits. When the procaspase is cleaved at a particular residue, the active heterotetramer can then be formed by hydrophobic interactions, causing four anti-parallel beta-sheets from p17 and two from p12 to come together to make a heterodimer, which in turn interacts with another heterodimer to form the full 12-stranded beta-sheet structure surrounded by alpha-helices that is unique to caspases. When the heterodimers align head-to-tail with each other, an active site is positioned at each end of the molecule formed by residues from both participating subunits, though the necessary Cys-163 and His-121 residues are found on the p17 (larger) subunit.
Mechanism
The catalytic site of caspase-3 involves the thiol group of Cys-163 and the imidazole ring of His-121. His-121 stabilizes the carbonyl group of the key aspartate residue, while Cys-163 attacks to ultimately cleave the peptide bond. Cys-163 and Gly-238 also function to stabilize the tetrahedral transition state of the substrate-enzyme complex through hydrogen bonding. In vitro, caspase-3 has been found to prefer the peptide sequence DEVDG (Asp-Glu-Val-Asp-Gly) with cleavage occurring on the carboxy side of the second aspartic acid residue (between D and G). Caspase-3 is active over a broad pH range that is slightly higher (more basic) than many of the other executioner caspases. This broad range indicates that caspase-3 will be fully active under normal and apoptotic cell conditions.
Activation
Caspase-3 is activated in the apoptotic cell both by extrinsic (death ligand) and intrinsic (mitochondrial) pathways. The zymogen feature of caspase-3 is necessary because if unregulated, caspase activity would kill cells indiscriminately. As an executioner caspase, the caspase-3 zymogen has virtually no activity until it is cleaved by an initiator caspase after apoptotic signaling events have occurred. One such signaling event is the introduction of granzyme B, which can activate initiator caspases, into cells targeted for apoptosis by killer T cells. This extrinsic activation then triggers the hallmark caspase cascade characteristic of the apoptotic pathway, in which caspase-3 plays a dominant role. In intrinsic activation, cytochrome c from the mitochondria works in combination with caspase-9, apoptosis-activating factor 1 (Apaf-1), and ATP to process procaspase-3. These molecules are sufficient to activate caspase-3 in vitro, but other regulatory proteins are necessary in vivo.
Mangosteen (Garcinia mangostana) extract has been shown to inhibit the activation of caspase 3 in B-amyloid treated human neuronal cells.
Inhibition
One means of caspase inhibition is through the IAP (inhibitor of apoptosis) protein family, which includes c-IAP1, c-IAP2, XIAP, and ML-IAP. XIAP binds and inhibits initiator caspase-9, which is directly involved in the activation of executioner caspase-3. During the caspase cascade, however, caspase-3 functions to inhibit XIAP activity by cleaving caspase-9 at a specific site, preventing XIAP from being able to bind to inhibit caspase-9 activity.
Interactions
Caspase 3 has been shown to interact with:
CASP8
NMT2
CFLAR
DCC
GroEL
HCLS1
Survivin
TRAF3
XIAP
NFE2L2
Biological function
Caspase-3 has been found to be necessary for normal brain development as well as its typical role in apoptosis, where it is responsible for chromatin condensation and DNA fragmentation. Elevated levels of a fragment of Caspase-3, p17, in the bloodstream is a sign of a recent myocardial infarction. It is now being shown that caspase-3 may play a role in embryonic and hematopoietic stem cell differentiation.
See also
The Proteolysis Map
Caspase
PAC-1
References
Further reading
External links
The MEROPS online database for peptidases and their inhibitors: C14.003
Apoptosis & Caspase 3 – The Proteolysis Map-animation
EC 3.4.22
This is a List of inns in Bucharest. The inns of Bucharest, Romania – monumental buildings that provided not only hospitality and leisure services but also warehouse and office space – played a major role in the economic and cultural development of the city from the late 17th to the early 19th century. Many of them were located on Lipscani.
Constantin Vodă Inn
Colțea Inn
Filaret Inn
Filipescu Inn
Gabroveni Inn
Greeks' Inn
Hanul cu Tei
Manuc's Inn
Saint George's Inn
Șerban Vodă Inn
Zlătari Inn
See also
List of buildings in Bucharest
References
Inns
Bucharest
Holy Rosary Parish is designated for Polish immigrants in Hadley, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded in 1916, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
In 1998, Holy Rosary Parish and St. John Parish were merged, to become Most Holy Redeemer Parish.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Holy Rosary - Diocesan information
Holy Rosary - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Hadley, Massachusetts
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Seiaichūkōmae Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 11.3 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Seiaichūkōmae Station was opened as on January 26, 1952, with the opening of the Ōwani Line. The station name was changed to its present name on September 1, 2008. The station has been unattended since April 1, 2009.
Surrounding area
Aomori Prefectural Hirosaki Vocational High School
Seiai High School
Seiai Middle School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
Tublatanka is the self-titled debut album of the Slovak rock band Tublatanka released in 1985 by Opus Records. It contains the hit singles Šlabikár and O nás.
Up until 2005 album Patriot (and excluding their first Christmas album Poďme bratia do Betlema), this was the band's only album on which all lead vocals were performed by Ďurinda. All other releases between this record and Patriot have at least one song sung by either bass guitarist Pavol Horváth or guitarist Dodo Dubán, depending on which one was in the band at that time.
Track listing
"Šlabikár"
"Dajte mi na to liek"
"Máme to zrátané"
"Som rád, že ťa stretnem len náhodou"
"Rieka"
"Kúpim si kilo lásky"
"Mám rád veci nemožné"
"O nás"
"Priateľ"
"Zajtra"
"Schody do seba"
Lyrics written by Martin Sarvaš
Music written by Maťo Ďurinda
Credits
BAND
Maťo Ďurinda - Lead Vocals, Lead/Rhythm Guitar, Acoustic Guitar, Piano
Palo Horváth - Bass Guitar, Backing vocals
Ďuro Černý - Drums, Percussion
References
1985 albums
Tublatanka albums
Belize first participated at the Olympic Games in 1968 and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then, except when they participated in the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games. From 1968 to 1972, Belize was known by its colonial name of British Honduras.
As of 2018, no athlete from Belize has ever won an Olympic medal.
The National Olympic Committee for Belize was created in 1967 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Belize at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Belize
External links
Hong Jung-eun (born 1974) and Hong Mi-ran (born 1977), collectively known as the Hong sisters (), are South Korean television screenwriters currently managed by Studio Dragon. Together, they have written popular romantic-comedies, notably My Girl (2005), You're Beautiful (2009), My Girlfriend Is a Nine-Tailed Fox (2010), The Greatest Love (2011), Master's Sun (2013), Hwayugi (2018), Hotel del Luna (2019), and Alchemy of Souls (2022).
Career
Works
Sisters Hong Jung-eun and Hong Mi-ran were originally writers on a variety show. They made their TV drama writing debut in 2005 with Sassy Girl Chun-hyang, a modern retelling of the famous Korean folktale Chunhyangjeon in which Chun-hyang is no passive hero, but a headstrong sassy girl. It became a huge hit not only in Korea, but throughout Asia. Their follow-up My Girl (2005), about a cheeky con artist who pretends to be the long-lost granddaughter of a rich man, was equally successful. The two dramas effectively made its young actors -- Han Chae-young and Jae Hee, and Lee Da-hae, Lee Joon-gi, and Lee Dong-wook -- into household names and Korean Wave stars.
The Hongs' winning streak continued with Couple or Trouble (also known as Fantasy Couple, 2006), a remake of the 1987 Hollywood film Overboard. It starred Han Ye-seul as a snooty heiress with amnesia who falls for a handyman played by Oh Ji-ho.
For Hong Gil-dong (2008), the Hongs based their protagonist on the fictional folk hero Hong Gil-dong, a Joseon-era Robin Hood who stole from the rich and gave to the poor. But the fusion period comedy-drama starring Kang Ji-hwan and Sung Yu-ri combined royal plotting and romance with over-the-top stunts, gaudy costumes, toilet humor and anachronistic modern music. The series was popular online, but received average ratings. It also won Best Miniseries at the 2008 Roma Fiction Fest.
You're Beautiful (2009) starred Jang Keun-suk and Park Shin-hye, in which a naive nun cross-dresses as a male idol singer in a boy band. Unlike the Hongs' early work, the drama did not get high ratings, but it did create a cult following (or "mania" fan base) online and among international viewers. Such was its pan-Asian popularity that remakes were produced in Japan (Ikemen desu ne, 2011) and Taiwan (Fabulous Boys, 2013).
The Hongs played with Korean mythology for their next hit drama in 2010. In My Girlfriend Is a Nine-Tailed Fox, the gumiho (or nine-tailed fox) isn't the terrifying femme fatale of legend who feeds on human livers. Instead, she's a cute and clueless girl (played by Shin Min-ah) who loves to eat beef, while an aspiring stuntman (Lee Seung-gi) accompanies them in their quest to become human.
Their next drama, 2011's The Greatest Love was again set amidst the gossipy and image-conscious world of entertainment, starring Cha Seung-won as the most beloved star in the nation who falls for a has-been pop singer (Gong Hyo-jin). The drama topped its timeslot during its run, and not only did it sweep the 2011 MBC Drama Awards (including the Writer of the Year award for the Hong sisters), Gong also won Best Actress at the 2012 Baeksang Arts Awards.
Big (2012), in which an 18-year-old and a 30-year-old swap bodies, starred Gong Yoo and Lee Min-jung. The drama is arguably the Hongs' least successful work thus far, lacking both in ratings and buzz.
The Hongs reunited with Gong Hyo-jin in Master's Sun (2013), a horror romantic comedy with So Ji-sub about a woman who sees ghosts.
In 2015, they cast Yoo Yeon-seok and Kang So-ra in Warm and Cozy, set in a restaurant on Jeju Island. The title is the English translation of the Jeju dialect phrase "Mendorong Ttottot."
Reinventing acting careers
The Hong sisters are credited with reinventing the careers of several of their leading ladies. Han Chae-young was a sexy "Barbie doll" known for their figure more than their acting when their role in Sassy Girl Chun-hyang turned their sultry image on its head and transformed them into a plucky, optimistic, hard-working model student. Lee Da-hae had a somewhat melancholy image from Heaven's Fate, and surprised viewers with their versatility by going cute in My Girl. Han Ye-seul and Sung Yu-ri were dogged early in their careers by criticisms for their poor acting, until Han's privileged, rude character won viewers over with their notable catchphrases in Couple or Trouble, and the Hongs were so impressed with Sung in Hong Gil-dong that they posted up strong praise and defense of their acting on the drama's website. Shin Min-ah had become better known in recent years for being a stylish advertisement model rather than an actor, but My Girlfriend Is a Nine-Tailed Fox gave them their most memorable character yet. Similarly, with their role of Dokko Jin, Cha Seung-won returned to their comedic roots after years of serious roles, resulting in massive media attention.
Critical assessment
The Hong sisters have become known for mixing broad, somewhat juvenile comedy with elements of romance, then transitioning to heartbreak in the drama's second half. They've created a trademark style with their fast, fun narratives, hilarious situations, love of puns and meta references, and memorable and quirky characters, and their name has become a recognizable brand in the Korean drama industry.
Filmography
Awards
2011 MBC Drama Awards: Writer of the Year (The Greatest Love)
References
External links
Living people
South Korean screenwriters
South Korean television writers
Sister duos
Women television writers
1974 births
1977 births
David Digby Rendel (15 April 1949 – 16 May 2016) was a British politician for the Liberal Democrats. They were the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newbury from 1993 to 2005. They won the seat in a by-election in May 1993 caused by the death of Judith Chaplin, and they held it until their defeat at the 2005 general election to Conservative candidate Richard Benyon. At the time they lost their seat they were the Liberal Democrats' spokesperson on Higher and Further Education. In September 2014, Rendel was selected as Liberal Democrat candidate in the 2015 general election for the seat of Somerton and Frome in Somerset; however, they lost to the Conservative candidate, David Warburton.
Early life
Rendel was born in Athens. They were educated at Eton College, Magdalen College, Oxford, and St Cross College, Oxford, Rendel was a member of the winning University of Oxford boat race crew of 1974. After a gap year volunteering in Africa, they worked in the finance department of Shell Oil Company.
Their father was a foreign correspondent for The Times, and they were a great-grandson of civil engineer Sir Alexander Meadows Rendel, and a great-great-nephew of Liberal MP Stuart Rendel.
Political career
Rendel fought and lost two elections in 1979 and 1983 at Fulham, before moving to Newbury in 1986, when their wife started work as a GP.
They became a Newbury District Councillor from 1987 to 1995, and fought the Newbury seat unsuccessfully in the 1992 general election, gaining 37% of the votes.
They won the 1993 Newbury by-election with a large majority of 22,055, receiving 65% of the votes. They first came to national attention for supporting the Newbury bypass, and in 1999 stood in the election for the leadership of the Liberal Democrats, but came fifth of five candidates, with Charles Kennedy being elected.
Rendel held on to their seat in 1997 and 2001 with reduced majorities, but at the 2005 election they were defeated by the Conservative candidate, Richard Benyon.
Rendel was a directly elected member of the Liberal Democrats' Federal Executive committee until 2014.
In May 2006, Rendel was selected by local party members as the Liberal Democrat candidate for the Newbury seat for the next election. At the general election in May 2010, they were again defeated by the sitting Conservative, Richard Benyon, whose majority grew to 21%.
After the election of 2010, Rendel was the only member on the party's Federal Executive to vote against the proposal that the party form a coalition government with the Conservatives.
Death
Rendel died from cancer in Berkshire on 16 May 2016, aged 67.
References
External links
David Rendel profile at the site of Liberal Democrats
Guardian Politics Ask Aristotle – David Rendel
TheyWorkForYou.com – David Rendel
The Public Whip – David Rendel voting record
BBC News – David Rendel profile 10 February 2005
1949 births
2016 deaths
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Alumni of St Cross College, Oxford
Councillors in Berkshire
Deaths from cancer in England
Liberal Democrats (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Liberal Democrats (UK) councillors
Liberal Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Newbury, Berkshire
People educated at Eton College
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
Podnanos (; formerly Šent Vid or Šentvid (nad Vipavo), , ) is a village in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the traditional Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It is now generally regarded as part of the Slovenian Littoral. It lies below Mount Nanos, from which it gets its current name.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Šent Vid (literally, 'Saint Vitus') to Podnanos (literally, 'below Mount Nanos') in 1952. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The local name of the settlement, Šembid, is derived from Šent Vid.
Church
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Vitus and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
Notable residents
Stanko Premrl (1880–1965), priest and composer of the national anthem of Slovenia
Janko Premrl (nom de guerre Vojko, 1920–1943), anti-fascist resistance fighter and organizer of the Slovenian Partisan movement in the Slovenian Littoral
References
External links
Podnanos Homepage - Tourist information center
Podnanos at Geopedia (maps, aerial photographs)
Podnanos on Google Maps (maps, photographs, street view)
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Edmund Hiram Sonnenblick (December 7, 1932September 22, 2007) was an American medical researcher and cardiologist. Their studies of the function of cardiac muscle cells during the 1960s shaped the basis of both cardiovascular physiology and the modern treatment of cardiovascular disease, making possible the development of ACE inhibitors. In 1962, they were also credited as the first person to image the heart muscle under scientifically-controlled conditions using the electron microscope. Though Sonnenblick's ideas about the relationship between the structure and function of the human heart today constitute medical-scientific commonsense, they were utterly novel at the time.
Reflecting on Sonnenblick's discoveries, Harvard cardiologist Eugene Braunwald wrote that "Ed Sonnenblick occupies an honored place along with Ernest Starling, Carl Wiggers, and very few others in the pantheon of the greatest cardiovascular physiologists of the twentieth century." After Sonnenblick's death in 2007, a tribute published in the prominent peer-reviewed journal Circulation Research remembered Sonnenblick as "simply an intellectual giant in the field of cardiovascular research, and the work that they did will forever shape everyday treatments of heart disease."
Early life
Sonnenblick was born in New Haven, Connecticut on December 7, 1932 to Israel "Ira" and Rosalind Sonnenblick. Sonnenblick grew up in Hartford, Connecticut, and after graduating as the salutatorian of their high school class, they attended Wesleyan University.
Career
After completing their B.A. at Wesleyan University, Sonnenblick attended Harvard Medical School. They graduated cum laude in 1958, and began their residency at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York. During their residency, Sonnenblick was credited as the first person to use the electron microscope for imaging the heart muscle under scientifically-controlled conditions when they compared measurements of heart muscle structure and the force of its contractions. With the completion of their residency at Columbia in 1960, they moved to the National Institutes of Health, where they would collaborate with figures like Stanley Sarnoff, Eugene Braunwald, and Henry Spotnitz.
During this period, Sonnenblick published their single-author paper, "Force-velocity relations in mammalian heart muscle" in 1962, which appeared in the American Journal of Physiology. In the paper, they showed that muscle mechanisms account directly for the quantity of blood pumped by the heart. Among other things, this finding provided justification for therapeutic afterload reduction. In 1963, they began investigating heart cell muscle contractions using quantitative electron microscopy. Sonnenblick argued that the positional relationship between filaments within heart muscle cells affects the force of those cells' contractions. Eugene Braunwald later told the New York Times that Sonnenblick's work was akin to "what a brilliant mathematician or theoretical physicist does that ultimately allows you to go into space."
Sonnenblick left NIH in 1968 and moved to Peter Bent Brigham Hospital. There, they served as Co-director of Cardiology with Richard Gorlin and Co-Director of Cardiovascular Research. They were also Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School. In 1975, they relocated to New York City and was appointed the inaugural Director of the Cardiology Division at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. They would serve in this capacity until 1996, when they were named Chief Emeritus and the Edmond J. Safra Distinguished University Professor of Medicine.
Over the course of their career, Sonnenblick trained more than 300 cardiologists and researchers, authored or co-authored over 600 articles, and made contributions to 16 textbooks on cardiovascular disease. They were also among the founding members of the Heart Failure Society of America.
Personal life
In 1954, Sonnenblick married Linda Bland, the daughter of Chester Bland, president of Colt's Manufacturing Company between 1955 and 1958. The couple had three daughters. Wesleyan University's annual Sonnenblick Lecture and Annie Sonnenblick Writing Award are named for their late daughter, Annie. Their daughter, Charlotte Sonnenblick, is married to artist and author Adam Van Doren, grandson of Pulitzer Prize-winning poet, Mark Van Doren.
References
American cardiologists
1932 births
2007 deaths
Wesleyan University alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
Sunspangled (foaled 10 May 1996) was an Irish thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from July 1998 until September 1999, they won twice and finished second twice in ten starts. As a two-year-old, they won on their debut but was beaten in their next two races before recording their most important victory in the Group One Fillies' Mile at Ascot Racecourse. In the following year, they were campaigned exclusively in Group One event and failed to win, although they did finish second in the Irish Oaks. They have made little impact as a broodmare.
Background
Sunspangled was a chestnut mare with a large white star and a white sock on their left hind foot bred in Ireland by Klaus Rohde & Katom Ltd. Them sire, Caerleon, won the Prix du Jockey Club and the Benson & Hedges Gold Cup in 1983 and went on to become an "excellent" stallion, siring the winners of more than 700 races including Generous, Marienbard, Moonax and Warrsan. Them dam Sunspangled was a high-class racemare whose wins included the Preis der Diana in 1989 and was rated 121 by Timeform. Before foaling Sunspangled they had produced French Ballerina who won two editions of the Saval Beg Stakes and was later successful over hurdles. They were descended from Overture, a British broodmare who was the ancestor of many major winners including Supreme Court, Marwell, Unite and Paean.
In September 1997, the yearling filly was consigned by the Barronstown Stud to the Tattersalls sale, where they were bought for 75,000 guineas by bloodstock agent Dermot "Demi" O'Byrne on behalf of John Magnier's Coolmore organisation. Like many Coolmore horses they were sent into training with Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle. The details of their ownership changed from race to race: they were sometimes listed and as the property of Michael Tabor, whilst in other races they raced in the ownership of a partnership between Tabor and Susan Magnier.
Racing career
1998: two-year-old season
On their racecourse debut, Sunspangled was one of eleven fillies to contest a seven-furlong maiden race at Galway Races and started at odds of 13/2. Ridden by Christy Roche, they were settled in seventh place before moving into second place on the final turn. They overtook the Jim Bolger-trained favourite St Clair Ridge in the closing stages and won by a neck with Institutrice half a length away in third. The filly was then moved up in class for the Listed Debutante Stakes at Leopardstown Racecourse on 23 August. Starting the 9/4 second favourite, they took the lead in the straight but was overtaken a furlong out and beaten one and a half lengths by the John Oxx-trained Edabiya. Richard Hughes took over from Roche when Sunspangled stepped up in class again for the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes at the Curragh two weeks later. They briefly took the lead in the last quarter mile but was outpaced in the closing stages and finished fifth behind Edabiya, Fear And Greed, Crystal Downs, and Wannabe Grand.
For their final race of the year, Sunspangled was sent to England for the Group One Fillies' Mile on soft ground at Ascot Racecourse on 27 September. Edabiya started favourite ahead of the May Hill Stakes winner Calando and the highly regarded maiden winner Alabaq with Sunspangled the 9/1 fourth choice in an eight-runner field which also included the Prestige Stakes runner-up Choirgirl. They were ridden for the first time by Mick Kinane, who partnered them in all their subsequent races. They were restrained by Kinane in the early stages as Choirgirl set the pace, before moving into contention approaching the final turn. Ebadiya took the lead in the straight, but Sunspangled stayed on strongly under pressure to take the lead inside the final furlong and held off a late challenge from Calando to win by a neck with the favourite a short head away in third. The first three finished nine lengths clear of Alabaq in fourth place. Kinane commented, "The plan was to be a bit more patient and they showed they are a good filly who will stay. They should improve physically and they have the temperament to carry them through".
1999: three-year-old season
On their first appearance as a three-year-old, Sunspangled was sent to Newmarket Racecourse for the 186th running of the 1000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile on 2 May. Despite not having a trial race, they started the 7/1 third favourite behind Wince and the French-trained Moiava but was never in serious contention and finished fifteenth of the twenty-two runners. In the Irish 1,000 Guineas three weeks later, they briefly reached third place in the straight before fading into seventh behind Hula Angel. For their next three races, Sunspangled was moved up in distance to compete one and a half miles, with mixed results. In The Oaks on 4 June, they finished sixth behind the Henry Cecil-trained Ramruma (O'Brien felt that they did not cope with the undulating track) but in July they were second to the same filly in the Irish Oaks at the Curragh. They were unable to trouble Ramruma in the Yorkshire Oaks in August and finished tenth of the eleven runners. On their final appearance, Sunspangled was matched against male opposition in the Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown Racecourse. They started a 40/1 outsider and finished last of the seven runners behind Daylami.
Breeding record
Sunspangled was retired from racing to become a broodmare for the Coolmore associate Tower Bloodstock, before being acquired by Sheikh Mohammed's Darley Stud. They produced at least six foals between 2001 and 2011:
Vendors Mistake, a bay filly, foaled in 2001, sired by Danehill. Failed to win in nineteen races.
Summer Love, bay filly, 2005, by Dubai Destination. Second in only race: died in 2008.
Apollo Moon, chestnut colt (later gelded), 2006, by Selkirk. Unraced.
Sunbow, chestnut colt, by 2007, by Dubawi. Finished first in one race, but disqualified.
Al Battani, chestnut colt (later gelded), 2009, by Street Cry. Unraced.
Sequined, bay filly, 2011, by Street Cry. Won two races.
Pedigree
References
1996 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Thoroughbred family 14-c
The Swin is a passage in the Thames estuary between Maplin Sands, Foulness Sand and Gunfleet Sand northwest and the Barrow and Sunk sand ridges (shoals), southeast. The Swin was used by barges and leisure craft from the Essex rivers, and coasters and colliers from Hull, Great Grimsby, North East England, Edinburgh and other similar sets of trading ports.
In 1874 R.M. Ballantyne wrote:
The channel is formed of a series of deep water passages through sandbanks. Approaching from the northeast craft enter the East Swin between NE Gunfleet and Sunk Head Tower buoys. This part is also known as the King's Channel centred on . From here is a choice of the Middle Deep or continuing with the East Swin centred on . Craft may also pass down the parallel Wallet channel and cross into the East Swin at the Spitway. Halfway along this part, at the Maplin Approach buoy, deeper draught vessels need to pass through to the Middle Deep centred on . Shallower draught craft, such as the traditional Thames sailing barges, may continue on down the East Swin and cross the Middle Sands directly into the West Swin at Maplin Edge. Both other Swins lead to the West Swin centred on . The southeastern end of the West Swin joins the main Thames channels.
Etymology, pronunciation and orthography
It is an Old English word swin: a creek a channel. It was recorded in contemporary orthography of local writers as Swyn in 1365; a related word 'zwin' occurs in Dutch. It was thus not a sound liable to the Great Vowel Shift.
Scope and soundings
To explain the numbers on the inset map a depth of 11 is a formula of six feet (i.e. one fathom) and 1 foot. It is fathoms. This excerpt shows clearly the detailed shallows which affect vessels of greater draught such as ships most severely.
Citations
References
Thames Estuary
Coastal environment of Essex
Landforms of Essex
Bruno Giordano Sanzin (14 February 1906, in Trieste – 12 January 1994) was an Italian poet. They were one of the principal writers featured in the Futurist magazine, L'auroro, Revista mensile de arte e de vita published from December 1923 to October 1924.
References
1906 births
1994 deaths
Writers from Trieste
Italian male poets
Futurist writers
20th-century Italian poets
20th-century Italian male writers
The Ripley Formation is a geological formation in North America found in the U.S. states of Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee. The lithology is consistent throughout the layer. It consists mainly of glauconitic sandstone. It was formed by sediments deposited during the Maastrichtian stage of the Late Cretaceous. It is a unit of the Selma Group and consists of the Cusseta Sand Member, McNairy Sand Member and an unnamed lower member. It has not been extensively studied by vertebrate paleontologists, due to a lack of accessible exposures. However, fossils have been unearthed including crocodile, hadrosaur, nodosaur, tyrannosaur, ornithomimid, dromaeosaur, and mosasaur remains have been recovered from the Ripley Formation.
Paleofauna
Hypsibema missouriensis (hadrosaurid) – "Caudal vertebrae, fragmentary dentary and predentary."
cf. Gryposaurus sp.
Nodosauridae sp.
Tyrannosauroidea sp.
cf. Albertosaurus sp.
Dromaeosauridae sp.
Possible Ornithomimidae indet.
Eothoracosaurus mississippiensis
Thoracosaurus neocesariensis
Leidyosuchus sp.
Adocus punctatus
Naomichelys speciosa
Trionyx sp.
Habrosaurus sp.
Amiidae sp.
Lepisosteus sp.
Platacodon nanus
See also
List of dinosaur-bearing rock formations
List of fossil sites
References
Cretaceous Mississippi
Cretaceous Alabama
Cretaceous Georgia (U.S. state)
Cretaceous Missouri
Cretaceous geology of Tennessee
Sandstone in the United Kingdom
Chalk
Maastrichtian Stage of North America
Lester DeVoe (born 1951) is an American elite flamenco and classical guitar luthier who designs guitars for Latin music. They have been cited as " among the most in-demand flamenco guitar makers alive today".
Company
DeVoe originally had aspirations of becoming a professional player as they took up playing in the San Francisco Bay Area, but ventured into building guitars instead, influenced by their teacher's 1924 Santos Hernández guitar. Their first guitar was made using an instruction book. Lester Devoe has been a luthier since 1975. Their workshop is in Nipomo, California.
DeVoe guitars have been owned and played by most of the greatest names in the Latin guitar world, including the late Paco de Lucía and Sabicas, Vicente Amigo, El Viejín, Ottmar Liebert, Amir John Haddad and David Cordoba. Pavel Steidl and Pepe Romero have both played DeVoe classical guitars. Many of the guitars are made from Brazilian Rosewood which give it its soulful tone.
References
External links
Official site
Amir John Haddad playing a Lester DeVoe guitar made for El Viejin
Living people
Flamenco
Classical guitar makers
Guitar manufacturing companies of the United States
Musicians from California
1951 births
Mohammed Sultan Khan Ghauri is a biologist specialist of Hemiptera.
Books
The morphology and taxonomy of male scale insects Homoptera: Coccoidea - 1962
Revision of the genus Orosius Distant (Homoptera: Cicadelloidea) (British Museum) - 1966
References
Year of birth missing
Entomologists
Davonte Stewart (born June 11, 1993) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres. They graduated from the University of Southern California in May 2015 with a degree in Communications and is one of the top 200m runners on the West Coast. They were one of USC's top 400m runners.
Early years
A native of Rialto, California, Stewart attended A. B. Miller High School in Fontana, California, where they burst onto the scene at the 2010 CIF Southern Section, winning both the 100 m and 200 m.
High School athletics
At the 2010 CIF California State Meet, they were runner-up in the 200 m behind Remontay McClain. In 2011, they repeated as 100 m champion at the CIF SS meet, with a personal best of 10.51 s. They were classified as a junior athlete for the 2012 season, and Stewart was eligible for the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics.
USC
In their first-year student year at USC, Stewart ran a 20.62 in the 200 m at the Trojan Invitational in Los Angeles. They finished third in 200 m at the 2012 Pac-12 Outdoor Track & Field Championships at Hayward Field, Eugene, Oregon, behind only James Alaka and Aaron Brown.
References
External links
DyeStat profile for Davonte Stewart
USC Trojans bio
1993 births
Living people
American male sprinters
USC Trojans men's track and field athletes
Sportspeople from Rialto, California
Track and field athletes from California
John of Capistrano (Italian: San Giovanni da Capestrano, Hungarian: Kapisztrán János, Polish: Jan Kapistran, Croatian: Ivan Kapistran) (24 June 1386 – 23 October 1456) was a Franciscan friar and Catholic priest from the Italian town of Capestrano, Abruzzo. Famous as a preacher, theologian, and inquisitor, they earned themselves the nickname “the Soldier Saint” when in 1456 at age 70 they led a crusade against the invading Ottoman Empire at the siege of Belgrade with the Hungarian military commander John Hunyadi.
Elevated to sainthood, they are the patron saint of jurists and military chaplains, as well as the namesake of the Franciscan missions San Juan Capistrano in Southern California and San Juan Capistrano in San Antonio, Texas.
Early life
As was the custom of this time, John is denoted by the village of Capestrano, in the Diocese of Sulmona, in the Abruzzi region, Kingdom of Naples. Their father had come to Italy with the Angevin court of Louis I of Anjou, titular King of Naples. They studied law at the University of Perugia.
In 1412, King Ladislaus of Naples appointed them Governor of Perugia, a tumultuous and resentful papal fief held by Ladislas as the pope's champion, in order to effectively establish public order. When war broke out between Perugia and the Malatestas in 1416, John was sent as ambassador to broker a peace, but Malatesta threw them in prison. It was during this imprisonment that they began to study theology. When they were released in they decided to give up the world and become a Franciscan friar, citing a dream where Saint Francis of Assisi ordered them to enter the Order. They had married before the war, but asserted the marriage was never consummated and received permission to take holy orders.
Friar and preacher
Together with James of the Marches, John entered the Order of Friars Minor at Perugia on 4 October 1416. Along with James, they studied theology at Fiesole, near Florence, under Bernardine of Siena. They soon gave themselves up to the most rigorous asceticism, violently defending the ideal of strict observance and orthodoxy, following the example set by Bernardine. From 1420 onwards, they preached with great effect in numerous cities and eventually became well known. They were ordained in 1425.
Unlike most Italian preachers of repentance in the 15th century, John was effective in northern and central Europe—in German states of Holy Roman Empire, Bohemia, Moravia, Austria, Hungary, Croatia and the Kingdom of Poland. The largest churches could not hold the crowds, so they preached in the public squares—at Brescia in Italy, they preached to a crowd of 126,000.
Reformer
When they were not preaching, John was writing tracts against heresy of every kind. This facet of their life is covered in great detail by their early biographers, Nicholas of Fara, Christopher of Varese and Girlamo of Udine. While they were thus evangelizing, they were actively engaged in assisting Bernardine of Siena in the reform of the Franciscan Order, largely in the interests of a more rigorous discipline in the Franciscan communities. Like Bernardine, they strongly emphasized devotion to the Holy Name of Jesus, and, together with Bernardine, was accused of heresy on this account. In 1429, these Observant friars were called to Rome to answer charges of heresy, and John was chosen by their companions to speak for them. They were both acquitted by the Commission of Cardinals appointed to judge the accusations.
They were frequently deployed to embassies by Popes Eugene IV and Nicholas V: in 1439, they were sent as legate to Milan and Burgundy, to oppose the claims of the Antipope Felix V; in 1446, they were on a mission to the King of France; in 1451 they went at the request of the emperor as Apostolic Nuncio to Austria. During the period of their nunciature, John visited all parts of the Empire. As legate, or inquisitor, they prosecuted the last Fraticelli of Ferrara, the Jesuati of Venice, the Crypto-Jews of Sicily, Moldavia and Poland, and, above all, the Hussites of Germany, Hungary and Bohemia; their aim in the last case was to make talks impossible between the representatives of Rome and the Bohemians, for every attempt at conciliation seemed to them to be conniving at heresy.
They also worked for the reform of the Order of Friars Minor. They upheld, in their writings, speeches and sermons, theories of papal supremacy rather than the theological wranglings of councils (see Conciliar Movement). John, together with their teacher, Bernardine, their colleague, James of the Marche, and Albert Berdini of Sarteano, are considered the four great pillars of the Observant reform among the Friars Minor.
Anti-Jewish incitement
John was known as the "Scourge of the Jews". Like some other Franciscans, they ranged over a broad area on both sides of the Alps, and their preaching to mass open-air congregations often led to pogroms. In 1450 the Franciscan "Jew-baiter" arranged a forced disputation at Rome with a certain Gamaliel called "Synagogæ Romanæ magister". Between 1451 and 1453, their fiery sermons against Jews persuaded many southern German regions to expel their entire Jewish population, and in Silesia, then Kingdom of Bohemia, at Wroclaw many were burned at the stake.
The soldier saint
After the Fall of Constantinople in 1453, the Ottoman Empire, under Sultan Mehmed II, threatened Christian Europe. That following year Pope Callixtus III sent John, who was already aged seventy, to preach a Crusade against the invading Turks at the Imperial Diet of Frankfurt. Gaining little response in Bavaria and Austria, they decided to concentrate their efforts in Hungary. By July 1456 Capistrano managed to raise a large, albeit poorly trained force made up of peasants and local countryside landlords, with which they advanced towards Belgrade which was under siege by Turkish forces.. Though poorly equipped they were highly motivated. Capistrano and John Hunyadi traveled together though commanding the army separately. Between them, they had gathered around 40,000–50,000 troops altogether.
Hunyadi managed to break the naval blockade on the Danube, and breach the siege, bringing reinforcements and supplies to the city. By some accounts, the peasant soldiers started a spontaneous action, and forced Capistrano and Hunyadi to take advantage of it. Despite Hunyadi's orders to the defenders not to try to loot the Ottoman positions, some of the units crept out from demolished ramparts, took up positions across from the Ottoman line, and began harassing enemy soldiers. Ottoman Sipahis tried without success to disperse the harassing force. As more defenders joined those outside the wall. What began as an isolated incident quickly escalated into a full-scale battle.
John of Capistrano at first tried to order their men back inside the walls, but soon found themselves surrounded by about 2,000 peasant levymen. They then began leading them toward the Ottoman rear across the Sava river. At the same time, Hunyadi started a desperate charge out of the fort to take the cannon positions in the Ottoman encampment. In the aftermath of a fierce battle, the Ottomans withdrew and retreated under cover of darkness; the siege was lifted. Their involvement led to Capistrano being called “the Soldier Priest”. Although they survived the battle, John fell victim to the bubonic plague, which flourished in the unsanitary conditions prevailing among armies of the day. They died on 23 October 1456 at the nearby town of Ilok (now a Croatian border town on the Danube).
Sainthood and feast day
The year of John of Capistrano's canonization is variously given as 1690, by Pope Alexander VIII or as 1724 by Pope Benedict XIII. In 1890, their feast day was included for the first time in the General Roman Calendar and assigned to 28 March. In 1969, Pope Paul VI moved their feast day to 23 October, the day of their death. Where Mass and the Office are said according to the 1962 Roman Missal and its concomitant calendar, their feast day remains on March 28.
Eponym
As a Franciscan reformer preaching simplicity, John became the eponym of two Spanish missions founded by the Franciscan friars in the north of the then-Spanish Americas: Mission San Juan Capistrano in present-day Southern California and Mission San Juan Capistrano just outside the city center of present-day San Antonio in Texas.
Patron saint
 They are the patron saint of military chaplains and jurists.
John of Capistrano in literature
Wilhelm von Scholz wrote a novel entitled "The Way to Ilok" ("Der Weg nach Ilok").
See also
Church of St. Wojciech, in Kraków, Poland, sermons
Mission San Juan Capistrano in San Antonio, Texas
Saint John of Capistrano, patron saint archive (March 28)
Saint John of Capistrano, patron saint archive (October 23)
References
Further reading
1386 births
1456 deaths
People from the Province of L'Aquila
University of Perugia alumni
Diplomats of the Holy See
14th-century Italian writers
15th-century Italian writers
Italian Friars Minor
Franciscan saints
Italian Roman Catholic saints
15th-century Christian saints
Canonizations by Pope Alexander VIII
15th-century deaths from plague (disease)
Lim Jae-hyeok (; born 6 February 1999) is a South Korean football forward who plays for Daegu FC and the South Korea national under-20 football team.
Club career statistics
References
1999 births
Living people
Association football forwards
South Korean footballers
Daegu FC players
K League 1 players
Aeryn Michael John Gillern disappeared in Vienna on the evening of Monday, October 29, 2007. At the time, Gillern was working for UNIDO.
Biography
Aeryn Gillern was born on April 28, 1973 in Elmira, New York, the son of Kathryn Gilleran (born 1952). In June 1991 they graduated from Groton High School in Groton, New York. In 1997 Gillern graduated from the Franciscan University of Steubenville (Ohio) with a Bachelor of Arts degree in theology. From 1997 to 1998, Gillern attended the seminary at Graz-Seckau (Austria). In 1999, Gillern received a Master of Arts with honors in Theology and Christian Ministry from Franciscan University of Steubenville. In 2003 they were appointed by United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) in Vienna (Austria) as a research assistant. In 2006, they were named Mr. Gay Austria.
In September 2007, they flew home to their mother, Kathryn Gilleran, in Cortland, New York, to visit their family for ten days. Their mother was planning to sell their house and move to Vienna to be with their son. On October 27, 2007 Kathy phoned their son and talked to them for the last time. They disappeared two days later.
Disappearance
Their mother received a call on Halloween 2007 that Aeryn was missing.
It was believed by Austrian police that they were last seen running naked from the Kaiserbründl sauna in Weihburggasse after an assumed physical altercation where one person allegedly went to the hospital although their last confirmed location was a sauna on Stephansplatz after work. Police have asserted that they may have been suicidal and jumped to their death in the Danube, a hypothesis Gillern's acquaintances do not believe; others, including their mother, argue that the investigation into their disappearance was hampered by police bias against Gillern's sexuality. The Austrian police changed their statement a multitude of times, as well as denying the presence of any witnesses, despite a phone call they had received from a couple only a day after Gillern was declared missing. The Austrian police initially refused to investigate the case, saying it was not its duty to investigate the disappearance of non-citizens, and refused to interview them or any of their son's friends after the investigation was finally launched under pressure from the United Nations and the Austrian Foreign Ministry.
Aftermath
Each year since 2008, Gillern's mother has held a vigil every October 29 outside the Kaiserbründl to commemorate the disappearance of their son. The 2011 documentary Gone: The Disappearance of Aeryn Gillern, which debuted at that year's Tribeca Film Festival, is dedicated to their mother's search for the truth behind their son's disappearance.
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
External links
Abgängig mitten im ersten Bezirk
Homepage Aeryn Gillern
New documentation: Aeryn Gillern – July 6, 2012 ORF – Peter Resetarits
Parlamentarische Anfrage by Ulrike Lunacek
Homepage about the movie Gone
Murder or Suicide – The movie Gone
What Happened to Aeryn Gillern?
Homepage Joseph Gepp
2000s missing person cases
2000s in Vienna
2007 crimes in Austria
2007 in LGBT history
Crime in Vienna
LGBT history in Austria
LGBT people from the United States
Missing person cases in Austria
October 2007 events in Europe
People from Elmira, New York
This list includes newspaper currently printed and circulating in South Australia. Circulation data has been sourced from the Audited Media Association of Australia in May 2016 (unless otherwise cited). Many of these newspapers are printed weekly or twice weekly.
References
South Australia
Newspapers published in South Australia
Manoj Pingale (born 22 October 1967) is an Indian boxer. They competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Indian male boxers
Olympic boxers of India
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Doãn Ngọc Tân (born 15 August 1994) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a midfielder for V-League (Vietnam) club Thanh Hóa.
References
1994 births
Living people
Vietnamese footballers
Association football midfielders
Haiphong FC players
Thanh Hóa FC players
V.League 1 players
Walieldin Khedr Safour Daiyeen (born 15 September 1995) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Hilal Omdurman and the Sudan national football team.
International goals
References
1995 births
Living people
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Ahly Shendi players
Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman) players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
The 1970–71 Cupa României was the 33rd edition of Romania's most prestigious football cup competition.
The title was won by Steaua București against Dinamo București.
Format
The competition is an annual knockout tournament.
In the first round proper, two pots were made, first pot with Divizia A team and other teams till 16 and the second pot with the rest of teams qualified in this phase. Each tie is played as a single leg.
First round proper matches are played on the ground of the lowest ranked team, then from the second round proper the matches are played on a neutral location.
In the first round proper, if a match is drawn after 90 minutes, the game goes in extra time, and if the scored is still tight after 120 minutes, the team who played away will qualify.
From the second round proper, if a match is drawn after 90 minutes, the game goes in extra time, and if the scored is still tight after 120 minutes, then the team from the lower division will qualify. If the teams are from the same division, the younger team will qualify.
In the quarter-finals and in the semi-finals, each tie is played as two legs.
From the first edition, the teams from Divizia A entered in competition in sixteen finals, rule which remained till today.
First round proper
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|7 March 1971
|-
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|10 March 1971
|}
Second round proper
|colspan=3 style="background-color:#FFCCCC;"|24 March 1971
|}
Notes:
Progresul București lost this match because forgot the identification cards home.
Quarter-finals
The matches were scheduled to be played on 28 April and 2 June 1971.
||4–1||0–0
||4–0||0–0
||5–0||1–0
||1–3||1–0
|}
Semi-finals
The matches were scheduled to be played on 16 June and 23 June 1971.
||1–0||1–5
||2–2||0–4
|}
Final
References
External links
romaniansoccer.ro
Official site
The Romanian Cup on the FRF's official site
Cupa României seasons
Cupa Romaniei
Romania
The January 1961 nor'easter was a significant winter storm that impacted the Mid-Atlantic and New England regions of the United States. It was the second of three major snowstorms during the 1960–1961 winter. The storm ranked as Category 3, or "major", on the Northeast Snowfall Impact Scale.
Synoptic history
The storm was preceded by a cold front that brought cold air, associated with an area of high pressure north of the Great Lakes, into the area. The low pressure system quickly moved towards the East Coast on January 19 from the southern United States. Its track was unusually far north, passing through the mid-Ohio Valley. The low tracked from Tennessee to the southern Appalachian Mountains, and moved off the coast of Virginia. It rapidly strengthened; from 0000 UTC to 1200 UTC on January 20, it intensified from 996 millibars to 972 mb. The storm's intensification was accompanied by an increase in the precipitation. It ultimately moved northeastward along the coast and reached its lowest barometric pressure of 964 mb late on January 20, while situated east of New England.
Widespread heavy snow fell from West Virginia and Virginia through Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire, with lighter amounts spreading into Maine. Totals of over were recorded from eastern Pennsylvania through central New England. Snowfall amounts were similar to that of a winter storm in February 1958. Following the storm, an anticyclone in the central United States maintained the cold air.
Impact
The nor'easter is sometimes referred to as the Kennedy Inaugural Snowstorm, since it struck on the eve of the inauguration of John F. Kennedy. In advance of the storm, the Weather Bureau predicted a mix of rain and snow in Washington, D.C., but instead, the precipitation remained frozen. The unexpected snowfall resulted in "chaos", and thousands of cars were marooned or abandoned, triggering massive traffic jams. According to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, "The Engineers teamed up with more than 1,000 District of Columbia employees to clear the inaugural parade route. Luckily much equipment and some men had been pre-positioned and were ready to go. In the end the task force employed hundreds of dump trucks, front-end loaders, sanders, plows, rotaries, and flamethrowers to clear the way." The snowstorm prevented former President Herbert Hoover from flying into Washington National Airport and attending Kennedy's swearing-in ceremony.
Additionally, the storm dealt the final blow to the Texas Tower #4, a USAF radar installation in the Atlantic Ocean, causing them to sink with the loss of all 28 crew aboard.
See also
Climate of the United States
List of NESIS storms
References
Nor'easters
1961 meteorology
1961 in Washington, D.C.
Natural disasters in Washington, D.C.
1961 natural disasters in the United States
Rocca dei Rossi is a castle located at piazza Mazzini #12 in the town of San Secondo Parmense, province of Parma, in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna. A different Rocca dei Rossi, also known as Castello di Roccabianca, is located in the town of Roccabianca.
History
The castle was built on an elevated land in 1513 by
Pier Maria I de' Rossi, father of Pier Maria II, to defend the fortified borough of San Secondo, which had been a family fief since the 12th century. The rocca sites on the opposite shore of the Taro river than the borough, and also used its water to fill a defensive moat.
The stronghold was later turned into a luxurious manor decorated with 16th-century frescoes by local artists. The last heir of the Rossi family donated the castle back to the Municipality of San Secondo, and henceforth was used as Town hall until 2007. The manor is open to tours of its architecture and artwork all year.
Castle
Only the northwest wing and the northeast façade remain of the 16th century structure. During the last part of the 19th century, a large part of the castle was destroyed. The Renaissance courtyard, the main staircase and the reception hall, and the frescoes on the piano nobile remain. In 1983, an earthquake caused considerable damage to the building, requiring extensive restructuring. Today, guided tours of the castle are held regularly with performers dressed in historic costumes. In the first week of June, the Rocca provides the stage for a traditional Palio of San Secondo, contested among the various contrade of the town, and the theatrical representation of the marriage between Pier Maria III de' Rossi and Camilla Gonzaga, originally celebrated on 13 February 1523.
Art
In the 16th century, the Rossi castle was decorated with frescoes depicting secular themes by prominent disciples of Giulio Romano, including by Baglione, Orazio Samacchini, il Bertoja, Procaccini and Paganino. The extravagant decoration was due to a wish by the Rossi not to appear inferior to the new lords of Parma, the Farnese.
Main artworks include:
The Hall of Bellerophon. Beyond the courtyard and the main staircase, this grand hall houses the most important equipment for the San Secondo Palio. On the ceiling is a fresco of Bellerophon killing the chimaera, a monster with the heads of a lion, of a dragon and of a goat, representing the fight between Good and Evil.
The Hall of Justice, completely frescoed by Baglione.
Aesop's Gallery and The Hall of Fables show frescoes illustrating popular fables, including "The Fox and the Wild Pig", "The Fox and the Lion", "The Dog and the Rooster" and "The Wolf and the Lamb".
The Hall of the Golden Donkey has 17 paintings from Apuleius' Golden Ass. The story runs counterclockwise around the room starting at the bottom strip and concludes at the center of the vault.
Sources
External links
Official website
Additional Rocca dei Rossi Info
Buildings and structures completed in the 15th century
Castles in Emilia-Romagna
Buildings and structures in the Province of Parma
Museums in Emilia-Romagna
Historic house museums in Italy
San Secondo Parmense
Dictionary of Women Artists is a two-volume dictionary of 600 women artists born before 1945, going back to the Middle Ages. It was edited by Delia Gaze with 23 advisors and over 100 contributors. Gaze is a writer for the Oxford DNB and wrote several biographies that were released in the 2004 edition of the ODNB.
The book is widely cited as a reference for Western women artists and has a disclaimer that it is biased towards Western artists because of the constraints imposed on the selection. The book includes a list of artists in alphabetical order and chronological order and a bibliography of sources. Preceding the biographies is a series of "introductory surveys", a product of a somewhat dated notion in gender studies that women can be grouped into categories. There are many women artists mentioned in the surveys whose biography was not included, because there was not enough documented material to fulfill the inclusion criteria. The work was meant as a follow-up to a previous reference work including 21,000 women painters, sculptors, printmakers, and illustrators by Chris Petteys, the Dictionary of Women Artists: An International Dictionary of Women Artists Born Before 1900, published in 1985. The problem with that work is that the more well-documented women were included with countless "one-liners".
In 2001 Gaze produced a new "Concise" edition with a smaller selection in a single volume.
References
External links
Book review in Publishers Weekly
1990s books
Biographical dictionaries of women
Books about women
Art and architecture dictionaries
Art history books
Biographies about artists
Jean Clarieux (April 3, 1911 – February 11, 1970) was a French film and television actor. Generally a supporting actor appearing in smaller parts, they played a more substantial role in René Clément's 1946 resistance film The Battle of the Rails.
Biography
Their tone of voice as Parisian titi is very recognizable in many American films of the 1950s and 1960s where they lend their voice to complementary actors (especially in war films and westerns), but also to Anthony Quinn. They lend their voice to Captain Haddock in a cartoon series on the adventures of Tintin directed by Ray Goossens.
Beyond the dubbing, their filmography is important: they notably play a railwayman in La Bataille du rail by René Clément, and it is their weathered face that appears on the poster of the film. In Golden Helmet by Jacques Becker, they play the role of Paul, alongside Raymond Bussières. They also acted for television in the 1960s, notably in the series Les Cinq Dernières Minutes by Claude Loursais and in Les Beaux Yeux d'Agatha by Bernard Hecht.
Selected filmography
Happy Days (1941)
The Blue Veil (1942)
The Battle of the Rails (1946)
Lawless Roads (1947)
Maya (1949)
La Marie du port (1950)
Three Telegrams (1950)
La Ronde (1950)
Cartouche, King of Paris (1950)
Juliette, or Key of Dreams (1951)
Duel in Dakar (1951)
Paris Still Sings (1951)
The Night Is My Kingdom (1951)
Casque d'Or (1952)
A Mother's Secret (1952)
Judgement of God (1952)
Holiday for Henrietta (1952)
The Adventurer of Chad (1953)
Double or Quits (1953)
The Count of Bragelonne (1954)
Paris, Palace Hotel (1956)
Irresistible Catherine (1957)
Marie of the Isles (1959)
References
Bibliography
Jennifer Lynde Barker. The Aesthetics of Antifascist Film: Radical Projection. Routledge, 2013.
External links
1911 births
1970 deaths
French male television actors
French male film actors
People from La Rochelle
Decent work is employment that "respects the fundamental rights of the human person as well as the rights of workers in terms of conditions of work safety and remuneration. ... respect for the physical and mental integrity of the worker in the exercise of his/her employment."
Decent work is applied to both the formal and informal sector. It must address all kind of jobs, people and families. According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), decent work involves opportunities for work that are productive and deliver a fair income, security in the workplace and social protection for families, better prospects for personal development and social integration, freedom for people to express their concerns, organize and participate in the decisions that affect their lives and equality of opportunity and treatment for all women and men.
The ILO is developing an agenda for the community of work, represented by its tripartite constituents, to mobilize their considerable resources to create those opportunities and to help reduce and eradicate poverty. The ILO Decent Work Agenda is the balanced and integrated programmatic approach to pursue the objectives of full and productive employment and decent work for all at global, regional, national, sectoral and local levels. It has four pillars: standards and rights at work, employment creation and enterprise development, social protection and social dialogue.
Elements
The elements of decent work are:-
Job Creation - no one should be barred from their desired work due to lack of employment opportunities
Rights at Work, including minimum wage - Workers rights include the right to just and favourable conditions, days off, 8-hour days, non-discrimination and living wages for them and their families, amongst others
Social Protection - all workers should have safe working conditions, adequate free time and rest, access to benefits like healthcare, pension, and parental leave, among many others
Social Dialogue - workers should be able to exercise workplace democracy through their unions and negotiate their workplace conditions as well as national and international labour and development policies
Sustainable development and decent work targets
The Sustainable Development Goals also proclaim decent work for sustainable economic growth. The Goal aims to increase labor productivity, reduce the unemployment rate, and improve access to financial services and benefits. Encouraging entrepreneurship and job creation are key to this, as are effective measures to eradicate forced labour, slavery and human trafficking. With these targets in mind, the goal is to achieve full and productive employment, and decent work, for all women and men by 2030. The ILO Decent Work Agenda's areas of concern has been mentioned in other development targets such as in reducing poverty and increasing access to education. The UN believes that the ILO Decent Work Agenda plays an active role in achieving sustainable development.
Challenges in implementation
Although few disagree with the Decent Work Agenda in principle, actually achieving decent work poses challenges and controversies. In Africa, for example, informal employment is the norm, while well-paying jobs that offer social-protection benefits are the exception. This has been attributed to difficulties in obtaining formal sector jobs due to the creasing pressure of globalization. But there do exist debates on whether reducing the size of the informal economy would bring about social welfare.
In order to achieve The Decent Work Agenda, national and international entities have to commit to the objective of the creation of quality jobs and tackle its challenges. However, an obstacle is that it is difficult to convince the citizens of a country that aiding development and job creation abroad is also beneficial domestically. To remain competitive in the world economy, governments are tempted to close markets and lower labor standards which is believed to cause depressing wages and working conditions.
Various actors can affect the provision of decent work, although existing conditions and incentives do not always lend themselves to advancing the Decent Work Agenda. To illustrate:
National governments create decent work through economic and industrial policies. However, the forces of globalization – such as downward pressures on wages and reduced macroeconomic policy flexibility – have diminished the ability of national governments to achieve this goal on their own.
Businesses create jobs from the local to international levels, and those operating across borders can affect international wages and working conditions. Multinational enterprises typically locate operations in countries where wages are at their lowest and so-called "worker's rights" are less prominent. This is antithetical to the Decent Work Agenda, although it does contribute to economic development.
Trade unions assist employees in advocating for elements of decent work, from a so-called "living wage" to health insurance to workplace safety standards. Trade unions face the challenge of meeting their members' immediate needs at home while supporting job creation and "workers' rights" around the globe.
International financial institutions provide loans or other assistance to national governments, and require loan recipients to implement certain policy measures. Existing programs generally exclude employment targets and have even been known to reduce job creation in the short term, as jobs which exist only through government market distortions are replaced with economically viable employment.
Trade negotiators can forward the Decent Work Agenda globally by including labor standards in trade agreements, while legislators (among others) can support their implementation. However, many countries view the campaign for labor standards as an effort by other countries to make their own industries more competitive.
World Day for Decent Work
October 7 is the World Day for Decent Work (WDDW). During that day trade unions, union federations and other workers' associations develop their actions to promote the idea of decent work. Actions vary from street demonstrations to music events or conferences held in many countries.
Decent Work, Decent Life Campaign
Five organizations, Solidar, ITUC, ETUC, Social Alert International and the Global Progressive Forum, launched the Decent Work, Decent Life campaign at the World Social Forum in Nairobi in January 2007, and has since then worked in an alliance to promote decent work for decent life as solution to poverty. The idea to run a Campaign on Decent Work was conceived at the World Social Forum, 2005, in Porto Alegre. The Campaign targets young people, trade union activists, NGOs and decision makers in developed and developing countries.
The Campaign's objectives focus on building awareness of Decent work and on promoting decent work as the only sustainable way out of poverty, democracy and social cohesion.
Success
In November 2007, decision makers from European governments and institutions signed the Call to Action of the Decent Work, Decent Life Campaign adding up to the recognition of the Decent Work Agenda. "There is also a growing interest on the part of the EU and international civil society in decent work, as illustrated for instance by: the launch of the Decent Work/Decent Life [Campaign]…".
The Campaign's Call to Action focuses on seven issues, namely; decent work, workers' rights, social protection, fair trade, international financial institutions, development aid and migration.
Decent Work, Decent Life for Women Campaign
The Decent Work, Decent Life for Women Campaign is a two years campaign launched on International Women's Day 2008 (March 8) by the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) and the Global union federations (GUF). The campaign aims to advocate decent work for women and gender equality in labour policies and agreements and to seek gender equality in trade union structures, policies and activities. The second objective aims at increasing number of women members in trade unions and women in elected positions.
The Campaign's necessity stems from multiple forms of discrimination in both policy and practice on a daily basis women are facing such as the gender pay gap, the lack of maternity protection and the higher unemployment rates among women. Because of the gender bias, women are often paid less and are not given the opportunities to advance in their careers compared to their male counterparts. In Asia, women are mostly employed in the domestic works which is one of the lowest paid, least valued, and least organised sectors. Women's wage growth rate in Asia, excluding China, from 2006 to 2011 was 0.9%.
At the moment 81 national centers in 56 countries participate with various events in this Campaign.
See also
Convention on domestic workers
Critique of work
Dignity of labour
Forced labour
Happiness at work
International labour law
International Labour Organization (ILO)
International Monetary Fund (IMF)
International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC)
Job satisfaction
Labor rights
Neo-liberalism
Occupational safety and health
Right to work
Social clause
Trade union
Washington Consensus
World Bank Group
World Trade Organization (WTO)
References
External links
WDDW, World Day for Decent Work
International Labour Organization
A Fair Globalization, Making it Happen
Decent Work: a better world starts here. A web movie available in 25 languages
ILO – Decent work agenda
Economic globalization
Industrial policy
International Labour Organization
Labor rights
The gray-banded kingsnake (Lampropeltis alterna), sometimes referred to as the alterna or the Davis Mountain king snake, is a species of nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae. The species is endemic to the southwestern United States and adjacent Mexico. Some sources list two distinct subspecies of Lampropeltis alterna, as L. a. alterna and L. a. blairi differentiated by patterning and locale, but research has shown them to be color morphs of the same species.
Taxonomy
Arthur Erwin Brown described the species in 1901.
The color morph "blairi", formerly specific name or subspecific name blairi, is named in honor of American zoologist William Franklin Blair.
Description
A moderately sized snake, the gray-banded kingsnake can grow up to in total length (including tail), with the average total length being . It has a relatively wide head (when compared to other kingsnake species), and has large eyes with round pupils.
L. alterna coloration and patterning vary greatly, but there are two main color morphs, which were once considered separate subspecies: the "blairi" which has wide red/orange banding, and the "alterna" which has thinner orange/red banding. Both are generally on a gray background with white and/or black accenting. There are many variations on this basic morphology found in the wild and captive bred, with some specimens even lacking orange or red banding entirely.
Distribution and habitat
Lampropeltis alterna is found in the Trans-Pecos/Chihuahuan Desert region of southwestern Texas, southern New Mexico, and northern Mexico. The species is closely associated with limestone and volcanic substrates, with steep slopes and standard desert scrub.
Behavior
In the wild, the gray-banded kingsnake, is not often encountered. It is a common species, but nocturnal and quite secretive. Its natural range is sparsely populated with humans, and many regions are virtually impassable due to the mountainous terrain. In the field herpetologist community, finding this snake in the wild is often considered to be a laudable feat. Most that are located are found along the roadways that transect their habitat in the Trans Pecos region. L. alterna generally has a calm disposition and is not prone to defensive reactions, like biting. They are non venomous and have an immunity to rattlesnake venom.
Diet
The gray-banded kingsnake feeds primarily on lizards. It will occasionally feed on small rodents, frogs, and the eggs of ground nesting birds, lizards, and other snakes.
Reproduction
L. alterna is oviparous, laying clutches of 3–13 eggs in early summer, which hatch in approximately 9 weeks. Each hatchling is around in total length.
Conservation
L. alterna is regionally protected in New Mexico and Mexico. Texas does not have any regional protections, due to the number of reports in the area. Some believe that the number of reports in Texas is due to the accessibility of the region for amateur American herpetologists. In Mexico, much of the range is believed to be safe due to the low levels of human habitation, although the extreme Southern portion of the range has seen high levels of human habitation and is considered to be extremely degraded. Global warming is a mild concern, as fewer monsoons come into the area, causing more competition for water.
Captivity
Gray-banded kingsnakes are commonly kept in captivity and are fairly easy to come by in the exotic pet trade. Due to their relatively small size, calm dispositions, and astounding array of pattern variations they are frequently captive bred. Many alterna breeders are strict about keeping locality bloodlines pure, and will only breed snakes from the same region, though as market demand decreases, this is becoming less and less important to some breeders. Cross breeding with other species of kingsnake, like the Neuvo León kingsnake, Lampropeltis leonis is fairly common as well.
References
External links
The Alterna Page
Further reading
Flury, Alvin (1950). "A New King Snake from Trans-Pecos Texas". Copeia 1950 (3): 215–217. (Lampropeltis blairi, new species).
Powell, Robert; Conant, Roger; Collins, Joseph T. (2016). Peterson Field Guide to Reptiles and Amphibians of Eastern and Central North America, Fourth Edition. Boston and New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. xiv + 494 pp. . (Lampropeltis alterna, p. 375 + Plate 34).
Ruane, Sara; Bryson, Robert W.; Pyron, R. Alexander; Burbrink, Frank T. (2014). "Coalescent Species Delimitation in Milksnakes (Genus Lampropeltis) and Impacts on Phylogenetic Comparative Analyses". Systematic Biology 63 (2): 231–250.
Schmidt, Karl P.; Davis, D. Dwight (1941). Field Book of Snakes of the United States and Canada. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons. 365 pp. (Lampropeltis alterna, p. 170).
Stebbins, Robert C. (2003). A Field Guide to Western Reptiles and Amphibians, Third Edition. The Peterson Field Guide Series ®. Boston and New York: Houghton Mifflin. xiii + 533 pp. . (Lampropeltis alterna, pp. 369–370 + Plate 44 + Map 151).
Wright, Albert Hazen; Wright, Anna Allen (1957). Handbook of Snakes of the United States and Canada. Ithaca and London: Comstock Publishing Associates, a division of Cornell University Press. 1,105 pp. (in two volumes). (Lampropeltis alterna, pp. 337–342, Map 31 on p. 338 + Figure 103 on p. 346). (Lampropeltis blairi, pp. 343–345, Figure 102 + Map 31 on p. 338).
Lampropeltis
Reptiles of Mexico
Reptiles of the United States
Fauna of the Southwestern United States
Fauna of the Chihuahuan Desert
Reptiles described in 1901
The National Library at Kolkata romanisation is a widely used transliteration scheme in dictionaries and grammars of Indic languages. This transliteration scheme is also known as (American) Library of Congress and is nearly identical to one of the possible ISO 15919 variants. The scheme is an extension of the IAST scheme that is used for transliteration of Sanskrit.
Scheme table
The tables below mostly use Devanagari but they also include letters from Kannada (), Tamil (), Malayalam () and Bengali () to illustrate the transliteration of non-Devanagari characters.
Computer input by selection from a screen
Many systems provide a way to select Unicode characters visually. ISO/IEC 14755 refers to this as a screen-selection entry method.
Microsoft Windows has provided a Unicode version of the Character Map program (find it by hitting then type charmap then hit ) since version NT 4.0 – appearing in the consumer edition since XP. This is limited to characters in the Basic Multilingual Plane (BMP). Characters are searchable by Unicode character name, and the table can be limited to a particular code block. More advanced third-party tools of the same type are also available (a notable freeware example is BabelMap).
macOS provides a "character palette" with much the same functionality, along with searching by related characters, glyph tables in a font, etc. It can be enabled in the input menu in the menu bar under System Preferences → International → Input Menu (or System Preferences → Language and Text → Input Sources) or can be viewed under Edit → Emoji & Symbols in many programs.
Equivalent tools – such as gucharmap (GNOME) or kcharselect (KDE) – exist on most Linux desktop environments.
Font support
Only certain fonts support all Latin Unicode characters for the transliteration of Indic scripts according to the ISO 15919 standard. For example, Tahoma supports almost all the characters needed. Arial and Times New Roman font packages that come with Microsoft Office 2007 and later also support most Latin Extended Additional characters like ḍ, ḥ, ḷ, ḻ, ṁ, ṅ, ṇ, ṛ, ṣ and ṭ. The open-source fonts Libertinus Serif and Libertinus Sans (forked from the Linux Libertine project) also have full support.
Literature
Aggarwal, Narindar K. 1985 (1978). A Bibliography of Studies on Hindi Language and Linguistics. 2nd edition. Indian Documentation Service / Academic Press: Gurgaon, Haryana.
See also
Brahmic scripts#Comparison
Devanagari transliteration
Shiva Sutras
References
External links
Typing a macron – page from Penn State University about typing with accents
Hindustani orthography
Sanskrit transliteration
Romanization of Brahmic
Theatre by the Lake is situated on the shores of Derwentwater in the Lake District in Keswick, Cumbria, England. It opened in 1999, replacing the mobile Century Theatre, and was made possible by an Arts Council Lottery Fund Grant. From May to November a resident company of up to 14 actors perform a Summer Season of six plays in repertory. The theatre also produces a Christmas show and two Spring shows (one in the Main House and one in the Studio). The theatre hosts festivals including the Words by the Water literature festival, the Jennings Keswick Jazz Festival, Keswick Film Festival and events in the Keswick Mountain Festival. In addition, the theatre offers a wide range of visiting drama, music, dance, talks, comedy and film.
History
The mobile touring Century Theatre first visited Keswick in 1961 and settled full-time in the Lakeside car park on the shores of Derwentwater in 1975. Outline planning permission was granted for a permanent building on the site in 1991, and in 1996 the Century Theatre was moved to Snibston Discovery Museum to make way for it. Work on the building began in 1998; the ground was broken by the theatre's patron, Dame Judi Dench. A significant proportion of the £6.5m building cost was contributed by the National Lottery. The name Theatre by the Lake was decided by public consultation and the first performance in the new building was on 19 August 1999.
The theatre has two auditoria: 400 seats in the Main House; and 100 seats in the Studio.
Productions
References
External links
Theatre by the Lake
NW Theatre's page on Theatre by the Lake and its past productions, including touring productions.
Theatres in Cumbria
1999 establishments in England
Tourist attractions in Cumbria
Keswick, Cumbria
Walter Van Brunt (22 April 1892 – 11 April 1971) was an American tenor known initially for their recordings on Thomas Alva Edison's Blue Amberol Records and later for their role in a scandal involving a stage name and case of adultery.
Biography
Van Brunt began their singing career at age 17 as an imitator of singer Billy Murray. They were soon performing with Ada Jones and John Bieling as well as the American Quartet. They worked in vaudeville and on Broadway, including in the musical Eileen. Van Brunt had 40 hits on pop charts, including their 1914 duet with Elizabeth Spencer.
In 1917, Van Brunt began using the name Walter J. Scanlan (newspapers sometimes erroneously rendered the name as "Scanlon"), which was the name of a late 19th-century Irish tenor who had had an established career before dying but never made any recordings. It has been suggested, but not proved, that the Irish-American composer of Eileen, Victor Herbert, had encouraged the use of this stage name when they cast Van Brunt as the leading man. It was not a secret that this was a stage name: The New York Times review of Eileen stated that Scanlan's real name was Van Brunt. Van Brunt later had a bigamous affair with a woman known as Ruth Scanlan, siring a child with them and prompting their wife Lillian to sue for divorce, which was granted in 1925 by an Irish-American judge who, in announcing their decision that Van Brunt should pay alimony, criticized Van Brunt's character.
From 1929 to 1933, Murray used Van Brunt on various radio programs. In 1929, Scanlon and Billy Murray provided the voices for the Fleischer short animation film Finding Their Voice, produced by Western Electric.
References
External links
Walter Van Brunt recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
1891 births
1971 deaths
American tenors
Vaudeville performers
Singers from New York City
Sex scandals
Pioneer recording artists
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
Daniel Keauhou Matsu Yamashiro (born December 5, 1967), also known as D. K. M. Yamashiro, is an American clergyman, author, radio host, researcher, Christian media personality, and a chaplain at MIT who survived a 400-foot (122 meters) fall from the ridge of the Nuʻuanu Pali in Honolulu, Hawaii, at 18.  They are the first researcher to present aggregate data on childhood trauma as it relates to American presidents. Yamashiro also produced the first comprehensive study on American presidents that investigates the influence of religious development from a lens of trauma.
Survival story
On December 22, 1985, while attempting to rescue their stranded girlfriend from a 20-foot (6 meters) mountain-climbing fall, Danny Yamashiro slipped and fell head first 300 feet (91 meters) and later another 100 feet (31 meters). The second fall took place during a rescue effort and was captured on film. It aired on newscasts throughout Hawaii. They suffered severe head injuries, skull fractures, multiple tears in their scalp, a shattered ankle, damaged organs, extensive lacerations, and became comatose.
On May 25, 2017, Yamashiro delivered Harvard Extension School's commencement address, titled "Falling 400 Feet."
Early life
Danny Yamashiro was born in Honolulu, Hawaii to Evangeline (née Lee Kwai) and David T. Yamashiro, Sr. Their father was influenced by Father Kenneth A. Bray, a noted sports hero in the islands. Yamashiro had "a lonely childhood" as the youngest of four children in Moanalua, a residential area nestled between Fort Shafter and Tripler Army Medical Center. An American of Hawaiian, Okinawan, and Chinese ancestry, they are the great grandson of Honolulu detective Chang Apana, inspiration of the Hollywood character Charlie Chan by Earl Derr Biggers. Yamashiro graduated from Iolani School, an institution affiliated with the Episcopal Church of the United States, in 1986.
Education
Yamashiro earned a Master of Liberal Arts degree at Harvard University Extension School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with a concentration in Government. They graduated on May 25, 2017 at Harvard's 366th commencement. An interview by Harvard described Yamashiro's journey to Cambridge from Honolulu. Their thesis, Religious Influences on Crisis Presidential Decision-Making: A New Belief in the Operational Code Analysis of George W. Bush (2017), under the direction of David F. Holland from Harvard Divinity School, was featured at Harvard's annual ALM Thesis Symposium.
They attended the University of Oxford Theology Summer School at Christ Church, Oxford, England (2018, 2019), conducted research at ten presidential library archives (NARA), and earned their Doctor of Philosophy from Trinity Evangelical Divinity School of Trinity International University in Deerfield, Illinois (2020) under the guidance of Donald C. Guthrie. Their dissertation is titled, American Presidents and Childhood Trauma: Intersecting Religious Education from Franklin Roosevelt to Donald Trump.
Yamashiro studied at Chaminade University (1987) in Honolulu, Hawaii, before transferring to Biola University and Talbot School of Theology in La Mirada, California, where they earned their Bachelor of Arts in Biblical Studies and Theology (1991) and Master of Arts in Bible Exposition (1993). Their thesis, Jesus Christ in Every Biblical Book (1992), directed by A. Boyd Luter, explored types, symbols, prophecies and pictures of Christ in all 66 books of the Bible.
Career
Chaplain
In 2021, Danny Yamashiro became a chaplain at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).  They are also co-chairperson of the Cambridge Roundtable on Science and Religion. The John Templeton Foundation sponsored program hosts meals each semester at the Harvard Faculty Club for MIT and Harvard faculty and colleagues from nearby schools and colleges to discuss topics on science, philosophy, and religion.
Researcher
Yamashiro's scholarly work on American presidents and childhood trauma utilizes an interdisciplinary approach in the social sciences that involves educational psychology, presidential history, and religious education in exploring influences on children's developmental trajectory toward leadership formation. Their investigations are theoretically grounded in the writings of Lev Vygotsky. American presidents in their research sample include Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, Dwight Eisenhower, John Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Barack Obama, and Donald Trump. Yamashiro's earlier research in religious influences on presidential decision-making was built on the work of Herbert A. Simon, Albert Bandura, and Nathan Leites.
Evangelist and pastor
In 1993, they founded Jesus Christ Is Calling You Evangelistic Ministry, Inc. (JCCY) and launched a series of large-scale revival tent meetings throughout Hawaii. Since 1998, their organization formed Paradise Global Mission and expanded to reach several countries worldwide with medical and dental clinics, sports clinics and numerous forms of humanitarian aid by supporting the work of Christian churches in rural locations.
They were the founding pastor of Christ's Church at Kapolei, affiliated with the Evangelical Free Church of America, and served as senior pastor for nine years (1998–2007).
Radio host
Yamashiro hosts the program A Slice of The Good Life which airs daily throughout the United States, internationally in Ontario, Canada; Kent, England; and Malaybalay City, Philippines and formerly aired in Greater Los Angeles on Salem Communications 99.5 KKLA-FM. They host Hawaii's only locally based daily Christian radio talk show, The Good Life Hawaii, on Salem Communications 99.5 KGU-FM,
Awards and associations
Yamashiro won the Harvard Extension School Commencement Speaker Prize (2017). They were awarded Biola University's Young Alumni Award (2000) and has received numerous certificates of recognition from the Hawaii Senate, Hawaii House of Representatives, Honolulu City Council and the Mayor of Honolulu, Jeremy Harris. Yamashiro was selected for the Pacific Century Fellows and offered a prayer at a celebratory dinner hosted by the Governor of Hawaii, Benjamin Cayetano at the historic "Washington Place" (1999).
Danny Yamashiro is ordained by the Evangelical Free Church of America.
Family
Yamashiro is married to Jamie (née Tokuda) Yamashiro. They have three children: Allie, Hugh and Luke.
Works
Books
Yamashiro has authored the following books:
Theses
References
External links
Official website
1967 births
21st-century Protestant religious leaders
American autobiographers
American Christian clergy
American Christian religious leaders
American Christian theologians
American Christian writers
American Christians
American evangelicals
American evangelists
American humanitarians
American motivational speakers
American people of Chinese descent
American self-help writers
American talk radio hosts
American television talk show hosts
American theologians
American writers of Chinese descent
American people of Native Hawaiian descent
Biola University alumni
Chaminade University of Honolulu alumni
Christian revivalists
Christian writers
Fall survivors
Harvard Extension School alumni
Hawaii people of Okinawan descent
ʻIolani School alumni
Living people
Members of the Evangelical Free Church of America
Native Hawaiian writers
People from Brookline, Massachusetts
Talbot School of Theology alumni
Trinity Evangelical Divinity School alumni
Trinity International University alumni
Writers from Brookline, Massachusetts
Writers from Honolulu
21st-century American clergy
Thomas Ray Williams (October 14, 1954 – March 22, 2013) was an American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association from 1977 to 1987. Born in Mount Vernon, New York, they were the younger brother of Gus Williams, who also played in the NBA.
High school and college careers
Williams attended Mount Vernon High School and helped lead the school to two New York State basketball championships.
After attending San Jacinto Junior College, Williams played at the University of Minnesota from 1975 to 1977. During that time, they averaged 18.9 ppg and 6.6 rpg.
NBA career
Williams was selected by the New York Knicks in the first round of the 1977 NBA draft (10th pick overall).
After a quiet first season, they improved their effectiveness on the court, averaging 20.9 ppg, 5 rpg, and 6.2 apg during their third season (1979–80) and becoming the team captain during their fourth season. During their time with the Knicks, they reached the NBA Playoffs twice.
After four seasons with the Knicks, Williams was traded to the New Jersey Nets on October 25, 1981, in exchange for Maurice Lucas. With the Nets, Williams averaged 20.4 ppg, 4 rpg, and 6 apg (1981–82 season). On April 17, 1982, Williams scored 52 points in a game against the Detroit Pistons, for the highest-scoring game of their career, and the highest in Nets history until they were surpassed by Deron Williams' 57-point game on March 4, 2012. Williams eventually helped the Nets reach the 1982 NBA Playoffs where they averaged 17 ppg, 6 rpg, and 7 apg. However, they ended up being eliminated by the Washington Bullets in the first round.
On June 29, 1982, the Nets traded Williams to the Kansas City Kings for Phil Ford. After one season, they traded them back to the New York Knicks for Billy Knight and an amount of cash. They reached the playoffs once again with the Knicks, averaging 11.2 ppg and 8 apg.
In the middle of the 1984–85 season, Williams signed as a free agent with the Boston Celtics, in exchange for two future draft picks. During this year, they had the chance to play with Larry Bird and Kevin McHale. With Boston, they reached the playoffs one last time. This time, the Celtics reached the Finals, but were eliminated by the Los Angeles Lakers.
Before the 1985–86 season, Williams signed with the Los Angeles Clippers, with Boston receiving a future draft pick as compensation. The Clippers, however, waived them before the season began.
Williams eventually signed with the Atlanta Hawks. After 19 games, they were waived by the Hawks, but signed with the San Antonio Spurs later. After 23 games, they were also waived by the Spurs and claimed by the Nets. Williams played the remainder of the season with them and remained with the team during the next season, after which they retired. Williams ended with a career average of 15.5 ppg, 5.8 apg, and 3.6 rpg.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1977–78
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 81 || ... || 19.1 || .443 || ... || .705 || 2.6 || 4.5 || 1.3 || 0.2 || 9.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1978–79
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 81 || ... || 29.3 || .457 || ... || .802 || 3.6 || 6.2 || 1.6 || 0.2 || 17.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1979–80
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 82 || ... || 31.5 || .496 || .189 || .787 || 5.0 || 6.2 || 2.0 || 0.3 || 20.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1980–81
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 79 || ... || 34.7 || .461 || .235 || .817 || 4.1 || 5.5 || 2.3 || 0.5 || 19.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1981–82
| style="text-align:left;"| New Jersey
| 82 || 69 || 33.3 || .462 || .167 || .832 || 4.0 || 6.0 || 2.4 || 0.5 || 20.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1982–83
| style="text-align:left;"| Kansas City
| 72 || 68 || 30.1 || .392 || .203 || .769 || 4.5 || 7.9 || 1.7 || 0.4 || 15.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1983–84
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 76 || 63 || 29.3 || .445 || .309 || .827 || 3.5 || 5.9 || 2.1 || 0.3 || 14.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1984–85
| style="text-align:left;"| Boston
| 23 || 5 || 20.0 || .385 || .261 || .674 || 2.5 || 3.9 || 1.3 || 0.2 || 6.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1985–86
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 19 || 12 || 19.3 || .399 || .364 || .854 || 2.4 || 3.5 || 1.5 || 0.1 || 8.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1985–86
| style="text-align:left;"| San Antonio
| 23 || 9 || 17.3 || .382 || .333 || .969 || 1.6 || 4.8 || 1.2 || 0.1 || 7.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1985–86
| style="text-align:left;"| New Jersey
| 5 || 0 || 12.6 || .313 || .000 || .857 || 0.8 || 1.8 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 6.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1986–87
| style="text-align:left;"| New Jersey
| 32 || 14 || 25.0 || .452 || .250 || .817 || 2.3 || 5.8 || 1.2 || 0.3 || 9.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 655 || 240 || 28.2 || .451 || .237 || .802 || 3.6 || 5.8 || 1.8 || 0.3 || 15.5
|-
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1978
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 6 || ... || 23.3 || .526 || ... || .885 || 2.5 || 5.2 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 17.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1981
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 2 || ... || 42.0 || .439 || .333 || .545 || 4.0 || 4.5 || 2.0 || 0.0 || 21.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1982
| style="text-align:left;"| New Jersey
| 2 || ... || 38.5 || .298 || .400 || .800 || 6.0 || 7.0 || 2.0 || 0.0 || 17.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1984
| style="text-align:left;"| New York
| 11 || ... || 28.2 || .354 || .167 || .744 || 3.5 || 8.0 || 1.5 || 0.1 || 11.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1985
| style="text-align:left;"| Boston
| 19 || 0 || 14.6 || .405 || .133 || .960 || 1.9 || 3.2 || 0.6 || 0.1 || 6.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 40 || ... || 22.2 || .403 || .200 || .811 || 2.8 || 5.1 || 1.1 || 0.1 || 10.6
|-
Post-NBA career
After their retirement, Williams struggled financially, eventually filing for bankruptcy in 1994, which led them to lose their home and family. Williams decided to apply early for their NBA pension of $200,000. After they received it, they moved to Florida, where they fell victim to a real estate scam that worsened their financial condition.
After that, Williams worked various jobs like groundskeeper at a golf course in Central Florida, apartment complex maintenance man, part-time girls basketball coach, and bakery worker, among others. During that time, they also received grants from the NBA Retired Players Association, totaling $10,000, which couldn't help their situation.
According to a profile published in The Boston Globe in July 2010, they were unemployed and homeless, living inside a car in Pompano Beach, Florida. Williams spent their time fishing at the Hillboro Inlet Park in Pompano Beach, to help maintain himself. In November 2010, Williams' luck began to turn around as they took a job in Mount Vernon, New York, working for the city's Recreation Department as a "Recreation Specialist." Mount Vernon Mayor Clinton I. Young, Jr. was instrumental in bringing Williams back to their hometown. Williams was also helped by Linda Crawford, a nurse and a friend from their NBA days. Williams married Linda Crawford in August 2011.
Death
Williams died March 22, 2013 at Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center in New York City after suffering from colon cancer. Williams was 58.
References
External links
NBA statistics @ basketballreference.com
1954 births
2013 deaths
African-American basketball coaches
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball coaches from New York (state)
Basketball players from New York City
Boston Celtics players
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
Deaths from colorectal cancer
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Homeless people
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Kansas City Kings players
Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball players
New Jersey Nets players
New York Knicks draft picks
New York Knicks players
Sportspeople from Mount Vernon, New York
People from Pompano Beach, Florida
San Antonio Spurs players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Manhattan
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
Mount Vernon High School (New York) alumni
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Wendy Foden is a conservation biologist, best known for their work on climate change impacts on biodiversity.
Education
While completing their master's degree at the University of Cape Town (2001), they discovered a latitudinal pattern of die-off of quiver trees (Aloidendron dichotomum) suggesting that climate change could be to blame. They received funding to further the study, working with Guy Midgley at the South African National Biodiversity Institute in Cape Town. Foden spent much of 2001–2003 surveying Quiver Trees in Namibia and the arid regions of western South Africa and set up long term monitoring to track changes. Them findings confirmed a clear trend of increasing mortality along gradients from south (polewards) to north (towards the equator) and from higher to lower altitudes, suggesting that the species is responding to a poleward shift in its suitable climate, but that colonization at the leading range edge is lagging. The study was published in 2007 and was one of the first of its time to document climate change impacts on plants, arid ecosystems or in Africa. The work formed the main focus of a TVE Documentary, "All of a quiver", screened on World in April 2007.
Career
From 2003 to 2007 Foden managed the South African National Biodiversity Institute's Threatened Species Programme, based in Pretoria. In this capacity they played leading roles in establishing atlasing and conservation assessment programs for plants, reptiles, butterflies and arachnids. They established a scholarship for postgraduate research on threatened species and served as chairperson of the IUCN Species Survival Commission Southern African Plant Specialist Group.
In 2007 Foden moved to the United Kingdom to join the IUCN Global Species Programme, based in Cambridge. Working with scientists from the IUCN Species Survival Commission, they developed a method of assessing species' vulnerability to climate change that involves modeling each species' predicted exposure to climate change and examining the biological traits that are likely to make them more or less sensitive and able to adapt to these changes. In a 2013 publication, Foden and their co-authors describe the method and its application to all birds, amphibians and corals. The study highlights the species in these groups at highest risk of climate change driven extinction, as well as the regions in which they are concentrated. The study compares species' climate change vulnerabilities with their risk of extinction on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species and highlights both most urgent and new priorities for conservation. Foden and their team also applied the approach in regionally-focused climate change vulnerability assessment projects in East and Central Africa's Albertine Rift, West Africa and Madagascar.
Foden carries out a range of activities to raise awareness about climate change impacts on biodiversity, including through talks and seminars. In 2009 they led a public-orientated report and press release entitled 'Ten New Climate Change Flagships: More Than Just the Polar Bear' at the 2009 United Nations Climate Change Conference. They were a guest lecturer on the University of Cambridge Conservation Leadership course in the 2010s. Foden has been a steering committee member of the IUCN Species Survival Commission Climate Change Specialist Group for many years, and is a Trustee of the Environment Africa Trust.
As of 2016, Foden chaired the IUCN SSC Climate Change Specialist Group when the team created new guidelines for the conservation community, for assessing species' vulnerability to climate change. At that time they were also a Senior Researcher at the University of Stellenbosch, South Africa.
BES Marsh Award for Climate Change Research (2020)
References
External links
The South African National Biodiversity Institute
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)
The IUCN Species Survival Commission
The IUCN Global Species Programme
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women biologists
South African biologists
Living people
South African ecologists
Nelson is a silent 1926 British historical film directed by Walter Summers and starring Cedric Hardwicke, Gertrude McCoy and Frank Perfitt. A biopic of Admiral Horatio Nelson, it is based on the biography by Robert Southey. It was made with the approval of the Admiralty.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Walter Murton.
Partial cast
Cedric Hardwicke as Horatio Nelson
Gertrude McCoy as Lady Hamilton
Frank Perfitt as Captain Hardy
Frank Arlton as Governor
Pat Courtney as Nelson as a child
References
External links
Nelson at British Pathé
1926 films
1920s historical films
British black-and-white films
British historical films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Walter Summers
Films set in the 1800s
Films based on biographies
Napoleonic Wars naval films
British silent feature films
1920s British films
Silent adventure films
Robert F. Sternitzky (August 25, 1891 - May 1980) was a United States lepidopterist and illustrator. Butterfly and moth specimens they collected are in a number of collections, including those of the Harvard Museum of Natural History, the Essig Museum of Entomology (at the University of California at Berkeley), Manitoba Museum, and the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. They collected primarily in California and Arizona.
In 1930, they described Plebejus icarioides moroensis (Morro Bay blue or Morro blue), having taken the type specimen at Morro Beach, in San Luis Obispo County, California, on June 1, 1929; it is now known as Aricia icarioides moroensis. In 1937, they described the "Bay checkerspot", Euphydryas editha var. bayensis; it is now known as Euphydryas editha bayensis. In 1945, they described the subspecies Parnassius clodius strohbeeni.
They were accompanied on some collecting trips by Charles Henry Ingham.
They painted a plate depicting seventeen larvae and pupae, in color, for John Adams Comstock's Butterflies of California. The book was published in 1927 in very small editions, and is now rare. A facsimile edition was published in 1989; Sternitzky's is the only plate reproduced in color.
In April 1948 they notified the Lepidopterists' Society of a change of address, to Laytonville, Mendocino County. The same issue carried their advertisement, both for specimens sold commercially, and their services as an illustrator for museums.
They died in 1980. Some of their specimens were purchased by Cyril Franklin dos Passos.
The species Nemeris sternitzkyi was named in their honor by Frederick H. Rindge in 1981, as had been Parnassius phoebus sternitzkyi (Sternitzky's parnassian), by James Halliday McDunnough, in 1936; the latter is now known as Parnassius smintheus sternitzkyi.
Claude Lemaire et al. have questioned the accuracy of some of the locations on Sternitzky's specimen labels.
Papers
References
External links
Parnassius clodius strohbeeni types - images, including labels
1891 births
1980 deaths
American lepidopterists
20th-century American zoologists
People from Laytonville, California
Taxon authorities
German submarine U-611 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.
They were laid down on 22 April 1941 by Blohm & Voss, Hamburg as yard number 587, launched on 8 January 1942 and commissioned on 26 February 1942 under Kapitänleutnant Nikolaus von Jacobs.
Service history
The boat's career began with training at 5th U-boat Flotilla on 26 February 1942, followed by active service on 1 October 1942 as part of the 3rd Flotilla for the remainder of their service. In one patrol they sank no ships.
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-611 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two BBC GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-611 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Wolfpacks
U-611 took part in three wolfpacks, namely:
Kreuzotter (17 – 22 November 1942)
Drachen (22 November – 3 December 1942)
Panzer (3 – 8 December 1942)
Fate
U-611 was sunk on 8 December 1942 in the North Atlantic SE of Cape Farewell, Greenland, in position , by depth charges from a RAF Liberator bomber of 120 Squadrons. All hands were lost.
References
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
1942 ships
U-boats commissioned in 1942
Ships lost with all hands
U-boats sunk in 1942
U-boats sunk by depth charges
U-boats sunk by British aircraft
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
World War II submarines of Germany
Ships built in Hamburg
Maritime incidents in December 1942
Carl Feilberg may refer to:
Carl Adolph Feilberg (1810–1896), Danish business person
Carl Feilberg (1844–1887), Danish-Australian journalist
Carl Gunnar Feilberg (1894–1972), geographer and explorer
Carl Adolph Feilberg (1844–1937), Danish medical doctor
Borgia is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
The ancient city of Scylletium was located in the frazione of Roccelletta of Borgia.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Marcelo Omar Garraffo Biano (born September 5, 1957) is a retired field hockey player from Argentina who competed in three Summer Olympics for their native country.
At their Olympic debut at the 1976 Summer Olympics they ended up in 11th place with the national squad, followed by the 8th place at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Four years later, at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, Garraffo was the oldest member (34 years, 323 days) of the Argentinian field hockey delegation, and had the honour of carrying the flag at the opening ceremony. As a coach they guided the men's national team to the silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games.
At the end of 2012, they were chosen as the new coach of Argentina women's national field hockey team after Carlos Retegui's contract was not renewed. Four months later, by decision of the newly elected president of the Argentine Hockey Confederation, Federal Senator Aníbal Fernández, they were dismissed and replaced by Emanuel Roggero.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Argentine male field hockey players
Argentine field hockey coaches
Olympic field hockey players of Argentina
Field hockey players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games gold medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games silver medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
Field hockey players at the 1975 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1983 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1987 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1991 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Field hockey players from Buenos Aires
20th-century Argentine people
The Friday Night Rock Show Sessions / Live at Reading is a live album by British heavy metal band Diamond Head, released in 1992 as part of an official series of similar, radio-archive releases by several bands released with Raw Fruit Records. The Reading Festival performance was later included as part of a selection of bonus live tracks on The MCA Years, while the entire album was included on the compilation Live at the BBC.
Track listing
Notes
Tracks 1 - 2 from BBC In Session 1980.
Tracks 3 - 8 recorded at Reading Rock Festival, Reading, England on 27 August 1982 and broadcast on BBC Radio The Friday Rock Show, hosted by DJ Tommy Vance. There, Diamond Head were surprise late replacements for Manowar on the Friday night bill. This late replacement status accounts for the comment Sean Harris makes on the album that "I bet nobody expected us to be on 'ere tonight."
The version of Sucking My Love on this album was previously released as a 12" single in 1983.
Personel
Band
Brian Tatler – lead guitar
Sean Harris – vocals, guitar
Colin Kimberley – bass
Duncan Scott – drums
Miscellaneous staff
Tony Wilson – producer
Jerry Paris – cover illustration
References
Diamond Head (band) live albums
BBC Radio recordings
1992 live albums
The Mathisleweiher is a large bog lake, under 2 hectares in area, in the Black Forest in southern Germany. It lies in the High Black Forest between Feldberg in the west and the Titisee in the east on the territory of Hinterzarten at about southwest of the village in the Eschengrundmoos Nature Reserve. The pond impounds the Zartenbach which flows through it from west-southwest to east-northeast. The stream rises on the eastern slopes of the Ramselehöhe () at about , picks up the Eschengrundmoosbach from the right from the protected bog and runs for less than a kilometre before entering the lake. A shorter stream runs from the north from the woods of the Stuckwald. It has a catchment of 1.0 km2
The lake is accessible from Hinterzarten but only on foot. A path runs from the village passing close to the lake and a spur branches off to the east shore.
Together with the Mathislehof, Mathislemühle and Mathislewald the pond belongs to the Müller-Fahnenberg Foundation of the University of Freiburg.
Origin of the name
The Mathisleweiher s named after the nearby farm of Mathislehof, which in turn is named after the farmer, Mathias Rombach, who inherited the farm in 1736 by marrying the widow.
References
LUBW
Official online waterbody map with extract and layers used here: Karte von Mathisleweiher und Umgebung
General access without presets and layers:
Seefläche:
Dimensionen:
Höhe:
EZG:
Special references
Digital topographic map 1:10,000 series (DTK 10), Landesamt für Geoinformation und Landentwicklung Baden-Württemberg. URL: http://www.geoportal-bw.de/geoportal/opencms/de/geoviewer.html
External links
Map of the Mathisleweiher and surrounding area at:
Map of the Mathisleweiher and area with footpaths and cycleways at:
Lakes of Baden-Württemberg
Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald
Baden
LMathisleweiher
Triangular ligament may refer to:
Left triangular ligament of the liver (ligamentum triangulare sinistrum hepatis)
Right triangular ligament of the liver (ligamentum triangulare dextrum hepatis)
Urogenital diaphragm (Diaphragma urogenitale), a layer of the pelvis
The eastward spread of Western learning () refers to the spread of Western technologies and ideologies in China since the late Ming dynasty, which is contrast with the westward spread of Eastern learning () that introduced Chinese technologies and ideologies to the West.
Naming
The term "Western learning" () was coined by the Jesuit missionaries to China, who used the phrase in their book titles, such as Julius Aleni's Summary of Western Learning, to refer to the knowledge they brought from the West. According to Liang Qichao, Western learning consists of an extremely wide range of topics including mathematics, mechanics, electrical science, chemistry, acoustics, optics, astronomy, geology, medical science, history, geography, legal studies, mining, military strategy and knowledge. Since the late Qing period, Chinese researchers began to review and detailedly describe the process during which the Western knowledge was brought into China. In the 1900s, the term "eastward spread of Western learning" was coined in Shanghai-based newspaper Shun Pao, as a description of the emerging national awareness among the Chinese people as a result of prevailing Western influences in China. In 1915, the Chinese translation of Yung Wing's autobiography My Life in China and America, which used the term in its Chinese title, further popularized the use of the term. Since the 1980s, the term has frequently appeared in various scholarly articles to describe the spread of Western technologies and ideologies in China.
History
Jesuit China missions
Before the industrial revolution, China had been the most powerful and prosperous country in the world. However, the direct contact of Chinese and Western civilizations did not occur until the arrival of Jesuit missionaries in China in 1600. While bringing back Chinese philosophies, especially Confucianism, to the Enlightenment Europe, these missionaries were the pioneers of spreading Western civilization to China. According to Chinese encyclopedia Siku Quanshu, Qiankun Tiyi [Explication of the Structure of Heaven and ‎Earth] by Matteo Ricci was the first book that introduced Western learning to China. The mission was widely regarded the first wave of the eastward spread of Western learning.
With the popularization of Christianity in China, the increasing Western knowledge in China contributed to the rise of Shixue (), which focused more on practice and evidence. The scholars of Shixue reshaped the school education with the introduction of mathematics in addition to the traditional Four Books and Five Classics. However, this trend was halted when Kangxi Emperor of Qing decided to ban the religion due to the religion's lack of respect to Chinese rites in 1717. Subsequently, the Roman Catholic Church canceled the Jesuit mission to China in 1773.
Late Qing period and Republican era
The British invasion of China in the 1840s forced China to open up to the world, which led to the second wave of the eastward spread of Western learning. The failures of two Opium Wars stimulated the Chinese government to absorb Western learning. During the process, the Chinese gradually reduced their resistance the Western learning and gradually adopted the Western learning, with the principle of "Chinese Learning as Substance, Western Learning for Application." Under this principle, more focus was given to the Western weapon and machine. Meanwhile, missionaries in China continued to spread Western ideologies in China.
As China was defeated by Japan in the First Sino-Japanese War in 1897, Chinese thought leaders began to seek ways to save China from elimination, which drove them to active seek and absorb Western knowledge and demanded political reforms. Japan became a new source of Western learning during the time.
Since the late Qing dynasty, government-funded overseas Chinese students contributed to this movement, contributing to the criticism of traditional Chinese culture and the modernization of China, especially during the New Culture Movement.One of the result of the movement is the Sinicization of Western ideologies including Marxism. As a reflection on the century of humiliation that China had undergone, which was characterized by foreign concessions in China, and the success of Meiji Restoration of Japan, the Chinese people began calling for a full-scale westernization of China and debated with those who defended the traditional Chinese culture.
References
Ming dynasty
Qing dynasty
Republic of China (1912–1949)
Christian missionary societies
Academic transfer
Education in China
Jeff Danchie (born 19 April 1984 in Ghana) is an English professional basketball player, and currently plays for the London Mets in the English Basketball League's first division. Previously, Jeff played was a reserve player for the Plymouth Raiders in the British Basketball League.
The 5ft10 Guard attended the UK's student basketball powerhouse, Marjon's College, whilst also playing with the Plymouth Raiders from 2004, having been signed from Hackney White Heat.
Daniche holds dual British and Ghanaian citizenship.  They are a graduate of the Hackney Community College Basketball Academy Programme and received an AoC Gold Award in 2009.
References
1984 births
Living people
British Basketball League players
Ghanaian emigrants to England
English men's basketball players
Ghanaian men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Hackney White Heat players
Plymouth Raiders players
Point guards
Bennie I. Osburn was the Dean of the School of Veterinary Medicine at UC Davis. They were appointed in 1996 and reappointed for another 5-year term by Chancellor Larry Vanderhoef in 2006. They retired as dean in 2011, and was succeeded by Dr. Michael Lairmore.
May 26, 2009 – Medical Management International, Inc. (MMI), which operates under the name Banfield, The Pet Hospital, appointed Bennie I. Osburn, DVM, Ph.D., DACVP to its board of directors.
Dean Osburn earned their BS and DVM degrees at Kansas State University and a Ph.D. in Comparative Pathology at the University of California, Davis.
Awards
1. In 2004 the American Veterinary Medicine Association awarded Dr. Osburn the Karl F. Meyer-James H. Steele Gold Head Cane Award. Sponsored by Hartz Mountain Corp., the award was given in honor and recognition of Dr. Osburn's achievements in animal health that advanced human health through the practice of veterinary epidemiology and public health.
References
External links
1. Academic leader joins Medical Management International board of directors https://web.archive.org/web/20091028021153/http://www.banfield.net/r/academic-leader-joins-medical-management-international-board-of-directors
2. 2004 K-State College of Veterinary Medicine Distinguished Alumnus Named https://web.archive.org/web/20100729190636/http://www.vet.ksu.edu/depts/alumni/awards/osburn.htm
Biography of Bennie Osburn
Bennie Osburn Papers at Special Collections Dept., University Library, University of California, Davis
University of California, Davis faculty
University of California, Davis alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1984 New South Wales Rugby League season was the 77th season of competition between the top professional rugby league football clubs within New South Wales. With the departure from the first grade competition of Sydney foundation club the Newtown Jets at the close of the previous season, 1984 saw thirteen teams compete for the J J Giltinan Shield and Winfield Cup during the season, which culminated in a grand final between the Canterbury-Bankstown and Parramatta clubs. NSWRL teams also competed for the 1984 National Panasonic Cup.
Season summary
The New South Wales Rugby Football League dropped the "football" from its name this year. Twenty-six regular season rounds were played from March till August, resulting in a top five of Canterbury, St. George, Parramatta and Manly, with Souths taking fifth spot after winning a play-off against Canberra
The 1984 season's Rothmans Medallist was Canterbury-Bankstown's five-eighth, Terry Lamb, who was also the season's top try-scorer. The Dally M Award was given to Canterbury's fullback, Michael Potter, while Rugby League Week gave their player of the year award to Parramatta's halfback, Peter Sterling.
Teams
At the close of the previous season Newtown became the first club since University in 1937 to exit the League, reducing the number of clubs this season from fourteen to thirteen. This included five Sydney-based foundation teams, another six from Sydney, one from greater New South Wales and one from the Australian Capital Territory.
Ladder
Finals
Chart
Grand Final
The 1984 grand final was contested by minor premiers Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs and the Parramatta Eels. As competition leaders, the Bulldogs needed to win only one final game to qualify for the grand final, and did so against the third-placed Eels, who had to play three finals games to qualify. Played at the Sydney Cricket Ground before a crowd of 47,076, the game was refereed by Kevin Roberts.
The ruthless game plan of coach Warren Ryan saw Canterbury trump Parramatta in a grueling encounter. The Bulldogs mastered the art of the "gang-tackle" under Ryan and it was executed superbly by Peter Tunks, Peter Kelly, Mark Bugden and Brian Battese. Parramatta had a 4-0 half-time lead after Mick Cronin scored from a neat Peter Sterling pass.
An ingenious moment from Canterbury hooker Bugden won the day - seeing an injured Ray Price on the ground, they ran from dummy-half at the place where Price would have been defending to crash over and score the winning try.
Cronin later missed a close range penalty goal attempt which would have levelled the scores close to full-time.
Canterbury-Bankstown 6Tries: BugdenGoals: Chris Mortimer
Parramatta 4
Tries: Cronin
Man-of-the-match: Peter Kelly
Player statistics
The following statistics are as of the conclusion of Round 26.
Top 5 point scorers
Top 5 try scorers
Top 5 goal scorers
References
External links
Rugby League Tables - Season 1984
Results:1981-90 at rabbitohs.com.au
1984 J J Giltinan Shield and Winfield Cup at rleague.com
NSWRL season 1984 at rugbyleagueproject.org
New South Wales Rugby League premiership
NSWRL season
The 2015 Russian Football Super Cup (Russian: Суперкубок России по футболу) was the 13th Russian Super Cup match, a football match which was contested between the 2014–15 Russian Premier League champion, Zenit Saint Petersburg, and the 2014–15 Russian Cup champion, Lokomotiv Moscow.
The match was held on 12 July 2015 at the Petrovsky Stadium, in Saint Petersburg.
Match details
Gallery
See also
2015–16 Russian Premier League
2015–16 Russian Cup
References
Super Cup
Russian Super Cup
Russian Super Cup 2015
Russian Super Cup 2015
Sports competitions in Saint Petersburg
Football in Saint Petersburg
Russian Super Cup 2015
July 2015 sports events in Russia
Coins 'N Things, also known as CNT Inc., is a privately held, family-controlled business in Bridgewater, Massachusetts, that was established as a retail shop for coin collectors and is now the largest wholesale vendor of gold in the United States.
Coins 'N Things was started in 1973 by Louis Oliari, an engineer and coin collector. Their teenaged son Mark had also become deeply engaged in coin collecting, and the father thought that if they indulged their son's hobby interest by operating a small storefront coin trading shop, Mark would eventually "get bored" with the hobby and "get [it] out of [his] system.” However, after high school, Mark Oliari went to work in the business full-time and later their father left their corporate job to join him.
Some time after both Oliaris had started working in the business full-time, Coins 'N Things entered the wholesale metals market. While Louis Oliari preferred the retail coin business, Mark Oliari enjoyed trading gold with investors, jewelers, and businesses that needed gold as a raw material. As the wholesale business grew, it began to attain the reputation and financial stature needed to be a leader in that industry. In 2002, the United States Mint approved Coins 'N Things to become one of 11 businesses worldwide authorized to buy American Eagle silver bullion coins for distribution; at that time, qualifications for that authorization included a substantial retail customer base and net worth of at least $5 million.
After their father's death in 2008, Mark Oliari closed the retail shop to focus exclusively on metals trading. A line of credit from Wells Fargo provided the financial resources needed to pursue U.S. government business on a large scale. In 2010 the business obtained approval to sell gold to the U.S. federal government.
In fiscal year 2011, the company became the U.S. federal government's largest supplier of precious metals, with government gold sales that accounted for about half of the $3.8 billion in contracts to supply silver and gold to the United States Mint during the year. Coins 'N Things ranked number 39 on the list of the top 100 contractors of the U.S. federal government for that same fiscal year, with $1.89 billion in obligations from the government, all from the Treasury Department. It was the single largest contractor to the Treasury Department and the largest gold vendor in the U.S.
The business has about 50 employees, including Mark Oliari, their wife Patty, and three children. There are no outside investors. As of 2011, estimated annual revenue was $6.5 billion. The company does not report its net revenues or profits, but Mark Oliari told news media that it retains about 0.25% of the value of transactions involving private customers and a bit less from sales to the government. Gold is obtained from producers in the United States and Canada, with about 40% coming from a refinery owned by the Canadian government.
References
External links
Privately held companies based in Massachusetts
Retail companies established in 1973
Bridgewater, Massachusetts
Financial services companies established in 1973
Retail companies disestablished in 2008
1973 establishments in Massachusetts
Commodity markets in the United States
Metal companies of the United States
Bullion dealers
American companies established in 1973
Ynez Seabury (June 26, 1907 – April 11, 1973) was an American actor of the stage, silent and early sound film era. They began their career as a child actor, making their screen debut in D. W. Griffith's The Miser's Heart (1911). They went on to appear on Broadway, and continued to occasionally appear in films during the early sound era. Them last credited feature film appearance was in Cecil B. DeMille's North West Mounted Police (1940).
Biography
Early life
Ynez Seabury was born June 26, 1907 in Portland, Oregon to actors Charlotte and Forrest Seabury. Them father was a prominent stage actor from Oakland, California, and a direct descendent of Samuel Seabury, while their maternal great-grandfather, Louis Mario Peralta—a founder of the city of Oakland—was sent to San Francisco from their native Spain by King Charles III.
Seabury had an itinerant childhood due to both of their parents' careers as performers. At age two, Seabury won the prize for "Prettiest Baby" at the Scranton Timess baby show in Luna Park.
Career
Seabury was acting in motion pictures by the age of four, debuting as Little Kathy in D. W. Griffith's The Miser's Heart (1911). Seabury went on to appear in numerous films for Griffith between 1911 and 1912, including A Woman Scorned, The Voice of the Child, Billy's Stratagem, For Their Son, The Sunbeam, A String of Pearls, and The Root of Evil. Also in 1912, they made their debut on Broadway in Racketty-Packetty House. In June 1912, Seabury appeared opposite their father in a Portland-based stage production of Madame Butterfly for the Baker Stock Company.
Due to their darker features, Seabury was frequently cast in ethnic roles, portraying Italians and Native Americans. In 1924, they starred as a Native American woman in Red Clay (1924), a film which starred William Desmond and Albert J. Smith. The plot was constructed around an Indian's education and their subsequent social ostracism. In their role as the Indian maid Miss Seabury earned acclaim for the "very fine emotional quality" of their work.
In March 1928, they subsequently participated in Their Blossom Bride, a romantic drama of the stage produced by Richard Walton Tully and premiered at the Mason opera house in Los Angeles in March 1928. The scenery and lighting for the play showed an opening prologue in the Painted Desert of Arizona and the Hopi Indian reservation. Members of the Hopi tribe were adopted by Seabury, who portrayed the Indian hero. Seabury was revered by the Hopi because of their understanding of their lives and ambitions. Before serving as background actors in the production, twenty-nine tribesmen and their chief toured Los Angeles in Cadillacs and La Salles.
On November 3, 1928 Ynez wed broker Walter William Costello. The marriage culminated a romance of a year.
In 1937 they were a member of the cast of the CBS Radio Theater dramatization of Brewster's Millions, which featured Jack Benny and Mary Livingstone.
Later years and death
Seabury died in the Sherman Oaks section of Los Angeles on April 11, 1973.  They are buried at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park cemetery in Glendale, California.
Filmography
References
Further reading
Los Angeles Times, "From Old Family", December 2, 1925, Page III 17.
Los Angeles Times, "Years Roll Backward for Stage Actor", May 12, 1927, Page A9.
Los Angeles Times, "Tully Drama Is Polished", March 18, 1928, Page C13.
Los Angeles Times, "Brewster's Millions", February 15, 1937, Page A15.
External links
1907 births
1973 deaths
American child actores
American film actores
American people of English descent
American people of Spanish descent
American silent film actores
American stage actores
Actresses from Portland, Oregon
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Hispanic and Latino American actores
20th-century American actores
Jean-Daniel may refer to:
Jean-Daniel Akpa Akpro (born 1992), professional footballer
Jean-Daniel Boissonnat (born 1953), French computer scientist, director of research at INRIA
Jean-Daniel Cadinot (1944–2008), French photographer, director and producer of gay pornographic films
Jean-Daniel Colladon (1802–1893), Swiss physicist
Jean-Daniel Dätwyler (born 1945), Swiss former alpine skier and Olympic medalist
Jean-Daniel Dumas (1721–1794), French officer in the Seven Years' War
Jean-Daniel Fekete, French computer scientist
Jean-Daniel Flaysakier (1951–2021), French doctor and journalist
Jean-Daniel Gerber (born 1946), Swiss economist and diplomat
Jean-Daniel Gross (born 1966), Swiss football manager and former player
Jean-Daniel Lafond CC RCA (born 1944), French-born Canadian filmmaker, teacher of philosophy, Viceregal Consort of Canada
Jean-Daniel Masserey (born 1972), Swiss ski mountaineer
Jean-Daniel Nicoud (born 1938), Swiss computer scientist, inventor of the CALM programming language
Jean-Daniel Ndong Nzé (born 1970), Gabonese footballer
Jean-Daniel Padovani (born 1980), French former footballer
Jean-Daniel Pollet (1936–2004), French film director and screenwriter
Jean-Daniel Raulet (born 1946), French former racing driver
Jean-Daniel Simon (1942–2021), French film director, screenwriter and actor
See also
Daniel Jean, National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of Canada
Jean Daniel (1920–2020), French journalist and author
Jean-Marc Daniel
Jean Daniélou
John A. Daniel
John Daniel (disambiguation)
John Daniell (disambiguation)
John W. Daniel
Datenna is a data intelligence platform company focusing on China. Datenna is located in Eindhoven. The company offers information services for investment screening, innovation intelligence and export control. Datenna also conducts research on European acquisitions by Chinese investors.
For example, Datenna research showed at the end of 2020 that the "Chinese government has a stake in 53% of Swiss companies acquired by Chinese firms since 2010." The Ultimate Beneficial Owner (UBO) in the Swiss acquisitions "is either part of the Chinese government, or the Chinese government has a substantial stake in the acquiring company but not a controlling one."
Datenna received Proof of Concept funding (soft loan) from the Netherlands Enterprise Agency, part of the Dutch government, in 2017.
References
International business
International macroeconomics
International factor movements
Economic geography
Property law
Securities (finance)
Stock market
Ownership
James C. Clarken (19 July 1876 – 31 July 1953) was a rugby union player who represented Australia.
Clarken, a prop, was born in the Thames, New Zealand and claimed a total of 4 international rugby caps for Australia Their debut game was against New Zealand, at Dunedin, on 2 September 1905.
Clarken and Harald Baker (brother of R. L. "Snowy" Baker) are remembered for their heroic rescues in the Coogee surf disaster of 28 January 1911.
See also
1912 Australia rugby union tour of Canada and the U.S.
References
1876 births
1953 deaths
Australia international rugby union players
Australian rugby union players
Rugby union players from the Thames, New Zealand
Rugby union props
Cue Airport is located southeast of Cue, Western Australia.
Airlines and destinations
See also
List of airports in Western Australia
Aviation transport in Australia
References
External links
Airservices Aerodromes & Procedure Charts
Airports in Western Australia
Daniel Holcomb (born 1979) is the founder and director of Lahash International. Holcomb grew up in East Africa and on a trip to the region in 2002 they were asked by Susan Tabia and the Amazing Grace Orphanage to help care for orphans living in northern Uganda. They went on to begin the ministry Lahash International in 2005.
Personal
They and their wife, Erin, were married in 2007. They have three children and reside in Oregon.
Other activities
Daniel Holcomb maintains a blog at DanHolcomb.com
See also
Lahash International
References
1979 births
Living people
Frantic Magazine is a comic book series published by Marvel UK from 1979 to 1980. Part of Dez Skinn's revamp of the company, the title was a thinly disguised copy of Mad Magazine. It contained the first published work of Alan Davis, as well as early scripts by Alan Moore.
Individual issues contained a collection of parodies of popular culture - movies, TV series and printed adverts. These were mostly self-contained items that appeared in a single issue, though an ongoing strip featured the adventures of Howard the Duck. Many of these features were reprints from the magazine's US counterpart, Crazy Magazine. Thus, the humour often relied on American slang, phrasing and cultural references - not well known to comics readers in the UK in that era - as well as more than passing familiarity with characters from Marvel Comics.
The magazine's mascot and cover character was an import from Crazy – a sinister clown called Obnoxio The Clown.
References
Marvel UK titles
The McLaren MP4/12 was the Formula One car with which the McLaren team competed in the 1997 Formula One World Championship. The chassis was designed by Steve Nichols, Neil Oatley and Henri Durand with Mario Illien designing the bespoke Ilmor engine. It was driven by Mika Häkkinen and David Coulthard.
Background and design
Summary
Externally, the car was a more streamlined and refined evolution of the previous year's MP4/11, with engines supplied by Mercedes-Benz for the third year of the Anglo-German alliance. Testing was carried out with the cars painted in the traditional McLaren orange, before a striking new silver livery was launched to celebrate the team's new sponsorship deal with West, replacing the red and white of Marlboro that the team had used since .
Second brake pedal
During the season, F1 Racing photographer Darren Heath noticed that the rear brakes of the McLarens were glowing red in an acceleration zone of the track. The magazine discovered through photos of the inside of the cockpit, that McLaren had installed a second brake pedal, selectable by the driver to act on one of the rear wheels. This allowed the driver to eliminate understeer and reduce wheelspin when exiting slow corners, dubbed "brake steer". Ferrari's protestations to the FIA led to the system being banned the following season at the 1998 Brazilian Grand Prix.
McLaren later designed a road car that shared a similar designation to the MP4/12: the McLaren MP4-12C, which also featured the "brake steer" system.
Racing history
The car proved extremely promising and could have won at least seven races during the course of the season, but reliability proved troublesome, in particular that of the engine. The FO110E engine was replaced with the FO110F engine from the French Grand Prix, but the trouble happened frequently to either engine. This proved frustrating, especially after Coulthard won the first race of the season in Australia, McLaren's first win since losing Ayrton Senna and also Mercedes' first F1 win since the 1955 Italian Grand Prix. The situation was exacerbated by Häkkinen retiring from three further races whilst in the lead - all from engine failures - including at the Nürburgring, where the team lost a comfortable one-two finish when both cars retired with identical failures within a lap of each other. Coulthard also lost a certain victory – at Montreal, with a clutch problem after a precautionary pitstop just a few laps before the race prematurely ended. However, Coulthard did manage to win again at Monza.
The team finally claimed the reward of a one-two finish at the season finale after the collision between Michael Schumacher and Jacques Villeneuve, although it was a contentious finish with many nodding to the fact that Patrick Head of Williams and Ron Dennis of McLaren had negotiations where Villeneuve would give up the lead if the McLarens made sure to steer clear from the troubled Williams. Regardless, this was Häkkinen's first win in F1 and was much celebrated by the F1 world which had been tipping them to win since they first out-qualified Senna in Portugal 1993. The win set them up with a good base to start their 1998 campaign, which they were able to win after a season-long battle with Michael Schumacher.
The team eventually finished fourth in the Constructors' Championship, with 63 points.
McLaren used 'West' logos, except at the French, British and German Grands Prix.
Complete Formula One results
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position)
References
AUTOCOURSE 1997-98, Henry, Alan (ed.), Hazleton Publishing Ltd. (1997)
External links
McLaren Formula One cars
1997 Formula One season cars
Calhan Rock Island Railroad Depot is a historic railroad station located in Calhan, Colorado, United States. The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad provided transportation between Colorado Springs and Kansas until it went into bankruptcy in the early 1970s. The depot, built in 1906, still stands on its original site. The rails were removed and sold for scrap by 1994.
Depot station
The one story depot was built according to a common Rock Island depot plan at the time. It had a waiting room, ticket office, freight storage area and a pot belly coal stove. The building, about , had wood clapboard siding, and windows facing the train tracks in the passenger waiting area. Station personnel were able to view trains as they entered and left the station from a bay window. Later the wood siding was covered by asbestos siding and there was likely a change in window and door placement from the original design.
Notes
References
External links
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Colorado State Register of Historic Properties
National Register of Historic Places in El Paso County, Colorado
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1906
Former Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad stations
Transportation buildings and structures in El Paso County, Colorado
Former railway stations in Colorado
1906 establishments in Colorado
Rose Hill Cemetery is the second oldest cemetery (established 1876) in Arkadelphia, Arkansas. The cemetery, whose entrance is located on the 1200 block of Main Street, is in size, with more than 2,000 burials.
History
Originally called Maddox Cemetery, it was renamed Rose Hill Cemetery in 1880. Its prominent burials include leading citizens of the county, as well as the 7th Governor of Arkansas, Harris Flanagin.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County, Arkansas
References
External links
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Arkadelphia, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Clark County, Arkansas
Florence Wolf Gotthold (October 3, 1858 – August 17, 1930) was an American painter.
Born Florence Wolf in Uhrichsville, Ohio, Gotthold was the daughter of prominent attorney Simon Wolf; with their parents they moved to Washington, D.C. in 1862. Them teachers included R.R. Fritz, Harry Siddons Mowbray, Henry G. Dearth, and Max Weyl. They moved to New York City in 1898; they summered at Cos Cob, Connecticut, and exhibited work at the Yorke Galleries in Washington. They were a member of the Greenwich Society of Artists. In 1878 they married Frederick Gotthold. From the mid-1890s to the mid-1920s they showed work at the National Academy of Design, the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, and the Art Institute of Chicago. They kept a studio in New York City until at least 1925; they died at their summer home, in Wilton, Connecticut.
References
1858 births
1930 deaths
19th-century American painters
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
American women painters
People from Uhrichsville, Ohio
Painters from Ohio
Painters from Washington, D.C.
Artists from New York City
Painters from New York (state)
The following is a list of concept automobiles that carry the name of Italian automaker Lamborghini, listed in chronological order of their presentation.
References
McKeldin Square is an area of Downtown Baltimore, located near the Inner Harbor at the corners of Pratt and Light Streets.
The central area is a polygon of brick. On the Pratt St. side there is a strip of grass; behind the brick there used to be a pool at the base of a multi-leveled concrete structure with walkways and fountains; however, this fountain structure was removed in 2016.
The location of the square puts it right in the middle of Baltimore's 1861 riots, during which locals turned on a Union regiment that was passing through the city.
McKeldin Square has been designated as Baltimore's zone for protests, where it is legal to exercise one's First Amendment rights and pass out pamphlets. Permits are required for groups with groups of 25 or more requiring a permit. On October 4, 2011, it became the location of the Occupy Baltimore protests until their December 13 eviction.
References
Downtown Baltimore
Geography of Baltimore
Squares in the United States
The 1986 Idaho gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1986 to elect the governor of the state of Idaho. Cecil Andrus, a former Democratic governor, was elected defeating the Republican Lieutenant Governor David Leroy.
This was an open seat election; longtime incumbent John V. Evans ran for the U.S. Senate, but lost.
Nominations
Republican Lieutenant Governor David Leroy announced their candidacy for governor fourteen months before the election in the autumn of 1985. Raised in Lewiston, Leroy was a former county prosecutor in Boise and state attorney general.
Democrat former governor Cecil Andrus declared their bid for governor six months later in March 1986. They held the office for six years (1971–1977), until their appointment as U.S. Secretary of the Interior (1977–1981) in the Carter Administration. Incumbent Evans, successor to Andrus in 1977, chose to run for the U.S. Senate, but lost to incumbent Steve Symms.
Both Andrus and Leroy were unopposed for their respective nominations in the statewide primary on May 27.
Campaign
As election day neared, polls showed Democrat Andrus ahead of Leroy.
Election results
It was the third of four wins for Andrus, and the fifth of six consecutive for the Democrats. Similar to the previous election in 1982 (with different candidates), the winning margin was narrow.
References
Gubernatorial
1986
1986 United States gubernatorial elections
The Federation of Norwegian Process Industries (, PIL) was an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. On 1 January 2006 it was merged with the Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries to form the Federation of Norwegian Industries.
References
Defunct employers' organisations in Norway
Batu Sapi is a federal constituency in Sandakan Division (Sandakan District), Sabah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019, the Batu Sapi constituency has a total of 11 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
The Serbian League season of 1939–40 (Serbian: 1939/40 Српска лига / 1939/40 Srpska liga) was a league which along the Croato-Slovenian one, will form the final group of teams to participate in the 1939–40 Yugoslav Football Championship. The clubs from the Vardar Banovina, Vrbas Banovina, Zeta Banovina, Morava Banovina Drina Banovina, and Danube Banovina competed in the Serbian League.
BSK Beograd was the league champion. SK Jugoslavija and FK Slavija will be joined by the top three clubs from the Croato-Slovenian League and will play the final stage of the 1939–40 Yugoslav Football Championship. SK Zemun will be relegated from the Serbian League.
League
See also
Yugoslav First League
Serbian Football League (1940–1944)
References
External links
League table at fkvojvodina.com
Serbian Football League (1940–1944) seasons
Serbia
Serbia
Football
Football
Astro-Creep: 2000 – Songs of Love, Destruction and Other Synthetic Delusions of the Electric Head (or simply Astro-Creep: 2000) is the fourth and final studio album by American heavy metal band White Zombie, released on April 11, 1995, by Geffen Records. The album proved to be their most commercially successful recording, peaking at number six on the Billboard 200 with the aid of the popular hit singles "More Human than Human" and "Super-Charger Heaven". It was the band's only album to feature John Tempesta on drums.
Production
The album was highly anticipated due to the surprise success of the band's previous release La Sexorcisto: Devil Music Volume One. Ivan DePrume, the drummer on La Sexorcisto, had left the band to start Burningsound studios during their touring sessions for that album. The band later recruited former Exodus and Testament drummer John Tempesta for the recording of this album. The album had help from significant industrial musicians, such as the keyboard work from Charlie Clouser, who had worked with artists like Nine Inch Nails, Rammstein, Marilyn Manson, Killing Joke, and more. They had also hired Terry Date (Deftones, Pantera, Soundgarden) to produce Astro-Creep: 2000 for them. According to J., the album comprises seventy-two track recordings, forty-eight of which are analog and twenty-four being digital recordings. The entire album took three months to write and another three to record. For the album, the band had a much bigger recording budget and more freedom in time.
Music and lyrics
The album is much heavier than La Sexorcisto and has been called "white-trash-on-acid metal" by Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic. The band also down-tuned the guitars and bass to give it the darker sound that the songs required, going from standard E tuning to dropped C# (1.5 steps below standard E).
Much of the lyrics are also darker and more disturbing than on the previous album, and are arranged more like twisted poetry than La Sexorcisto's pseudo-rap scores, dealing with murder, the undead, blasphemy, and satanic elements.
As with the previous two albums, many of the songs feature snippets of dialogue from horror and cult films including The Omega Man, Shaft, The Haunting, The Curse of Frankenstein and To the Devil a Daughter. The title "More Human Than Human" is the motto of the Tyrell Corp. from the film Blade Runner and "I am the nexus one, I want more life fucker, I ain't done, yeah" is an artistic rephrasing of lines from Blade Runner.
Rob has said they favor this album to the previous one, stating, "I was never that happy with it [La Sexorcisto]. In some respects, it was probably the best thing we could do at the time under the circumstances; and that this record was exactly what we wanted it to sound like."
Reception
The album is White Zombie's best-selling album, being certified double Platinum by the RIAA and selling over 2,600,000 copies in America since its release. There was also a limited 50,000 pressings of this album on see-through blue vinyl. The album has been certified by CAN platinum. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album and the band's biggest hit, "More Human than Human", nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1996.
To promote the album, music videos for "More Human than Human", "Electric Head Pt. 2 (The Ecstasy)", and a live video for "Super-Charger Heaven" were released. In 1995, "More Human than Human" won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Rock Video and was considered by Rob Zombie to be their favorite White Zombie video.
There were also plans to start filming a video for "Blood, Milk and Sky" after Christmas as well as eventually filming a video for every song on the album. However, these plans were scrapped when the band dissolved.
Accolades
Track listing
I "Blood, Milk and Sky" contains the hidden track "Where the Sidewalk Ends, the Bug Parade Begins" at 8:45, after 3 minutes of silence. On the digital version, however, the hidden track is its own 2:33 track.
Personnel
Adapted from the Astro-Creep: 2000 – Songs of Love, Destruction and Other Synthetic Delusions of the Electric Head liner notes.
White Zombie
Rob Zombie – vocals, illustrations, art direction
Jay Yuenger – guitars
Sean Yseult – bass, art direction
John Tempesta – drums
Additional musicians
Charlie Clouser – keyboards, programming
Production and additional personnel
Terry Date – production, recording, mixing
Lamont Hyde – mixing assistant
Ted Jensen – mastering
Wade Norton – recording assistant
Ulrich Wild – recording
Chart positions
Album
Singles
Release history
References
External links
White Zombie (band) albums
1995 albums
Geffen Records albums
Albums produced by Terry Date
Iain Baxter (4 December 1948 – 29 July 2015) was a Scottish curler.
They were a and a two-time Scottish men's champion (1971, 1978).
They were also 1978 Scottish Mixed Curling champion and two-time Scottish senior men's champion (2002, 2003).
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
Personal life
Their brother Colin is also a curler and Iain's teammate. Their parents, father Bobby and mother Mabel, were curlers too.
References
External links
1948 births
2015 deaths
Scottish male curlers
Scottish curling champions
Curlers from Edinburgh
The Hill of Allen (Cnoc Alúine in Modern Irish, earlier Cnoc Almaine; also Hill of Almu ) is a volcanic hill situated in the west of County Kildare, Ireland, beside the village of Allen. According to Irish Mythology it was the seat of the hunter-warrior Fionn mac Cumhaill and the Fianna. The site is currently part-owned by Roadstone Dublin Limited and extensive quarrying has noticeably changed the profile of the hill.
History
The hill is situated at the easternmost point of the Bog of Allen and it is from this hill that the bog gets its name. According to legend, Fionn mac Cumhaill had a fortress on the hill and used the surrounding flatlands as training grounds for their warriors. In 722 A.D. the Battle of Allen was fought between the Leinstermen (Laigin), led by Murchad mac Brain Mut (King of Leinster), and the forces of Fergal mac Máele Dúin (High King of Ireland) in close proximity to the hill.
Tower
In 1859 Sir Gerard George Aylmer, the 9th Baronet of Donadea began building a circular tower on the top of the hill, which was completed in 1863. The tower was a folly and the names of the workmen are inscribed on the steps.
During the construction of the tower a large coffin containing human bones was unearthed which were said to be those of Fionn mac Cumhaill. These were re-interred under the site.
Quarry
As of 2008 most of the site is under the ownership of Roadstone Dublin Limited and much of the western side of the hill has been quarried.
An agreement between Roadstone Dublin Limited and Kildare County Council allows quarrying to be carried out (subject to conditions) for a period of 50 years from 15 October 2008
See also
Fionn mac Cumhaill
Bog of Allen
Allen, County Kildare
Dún Ailinne
List of mountains in Ireland
References and notes
External links
Hill of Allen Action Group
Mountains and hills of County Kildare
Archaeological sites in County Kildare
Surface mines in the Republic of Ireland
Volcanism of the Republic of Ireland
Pre-Holocene volcanism
Extinct volcanism
Leonard Jay Mirman (March 19, 1940September 6, 2017) was an American mathematician and economist. They were the Paul G. McIntire Professor of Economics at the University of Virginia. Mirman was known for their contributions to economics of uncertainty.
A native of New York City, Mirman earned a bachelor's (1963) and a master's degree (1965) in mathematics from Brooklyn College and New York University, respectively. Then they enrolled at the University of Rochester, majoring in economics. They received their MA in June 1968, and their Ph.D. in 1970.
While still a graduate student, Mirman started a paper with William A. Brock, who was then an assistant professor in the department, that augmented the Ramsey–Cass–Koopmans model with stochastic technology progress. As business cycle fluctuations arise naturally in this setup, the Brock–Mirman model became the foundation of real business cycle theory, which is at the heart of modern macroeconomics and growth theory.
References
External links
Website at University of Virginia
1940 births
2017 deaths
21st-century American economists
Brooklyn College alumni
New York University alumni
University of Rochester alumni
University of Virginia faculty
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Rust Nashville was a recording company founded by Ken Cooper in 1998, originally to promote their band Vertigogo. It was originally based out of Northeast Ohio, most notably Cleveland, before its move to Nashville, TN, in 2005. The label represented notable country artists such as Aaron Tippin and Shane Owens.
Origins
Ken Cooper started Rust Records as a way to promote their band rock band Vertigogo. Upon the band's major label signing to Atlantic Records and change of the band's name to Sinomatic due to infringement upon a recording group from France, Rust Records again went onto the back burner. Shortly after the release of Sinomatic's debut album however, the band fell apart in early 2002 and was subsequently dropped by their label.
Ken Cooper returned to their roots, once again thinking about their recording company in early 2003. The first release on the label was a rock band called Dear Violet, once again with Ken Cooper as the frontman. In 2004 Cooper retired from performing, began to focus on the label full-time. VP of Operations Keith Simmerer was brought on board, and proved to be the only other person to stay with the company over the course of its run. Starting with the alternative rock group Cherry Monroe, Rust became a Universal Imprint and was among the first labels to sign a deal with the then new Fontana Distribution company. They then released records by other local artists Between Home and Serenity, Blush, View From Everest, Southcott, and Lareau before venturing into country music with artist Shane Owens.
Present day
In 2005, Rust Records made the move from Cleveland, OH, to Nashville, TN, where the company made a major change: it switched genres from rock & roll to country. In 2005, the band signed emerging artists The Povertyneck Hillbillies and Shane Owens.
In 2006, Rust signed a partnership agreement with Aaron Tippin to release their work in partnership with their startup label Nippit Records and trio BlackHawk, who came over after being dropped from Columbia Records.
In January 2007, Rust Records closed its doors due to issues with its financial partners. All artists were released from their recording obligations at that time.
See also
List of record labels
References
Record labels established in 1998
American country music record labels
Rock and roll record labels
PostNord Logistics is a logistics company in the Nordics. The business has its roots in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. The business was formed through the mergers of the Danish and Swedish postal operators and private sector companies. PostNord Logistics is one of four PostNord Group companies. In 2013 the group's logistics operations, formerly consisting of 16 Nordic region companies, were gathered under a common brand – PostNord Logistics.
PostNord Logistics has terminals in Germany as well as 5,000 service points and 120 terminals throughout the Nordic region. The business has 8,000 employees, including 4,550 drivers. A total volume of 500,000 parcels and 60,000 pallets of goods are transported every day.
PostNord Logistics has sales of SEK 16,000m (2013). The CEO of PostNord is Håkan Ericsson and the Chairman is Jens Moberg.
Company timeline
In 2013, Nordisk Kyl Logistik and Transbothnia were acquired.
In 2012, Swedish company Green Cargo Logistics and Norwegian companies Harlem Transport and Byrknes Auto were acquired.
In 2011, Swedish company Nils Hansson Logistics was acquired.
In May 2011, the Group was renamed PostNord AB.
On 24 June 2009, Post Danmark A/S and Posten AB merged to provide cross-border communication and logistics services.
According to a report on PostNord published by a consulting company in January 2020, the group had made a total of EUR 280 million in losses between 2017 and 2019. The biggest reason was considered to be the collapse of the distribution volume in Denmark, where the market has been conquered by the Dutch-English logistics company GLS. In Sweden, the collapse of the delivery volume has been slower, but there, too, the number of letters was assumed to be halved in the coming years. According to the assessment, Postnord needs state support in order to be able to continue distribution on its current scale. In Finland, however, the company's future looks good.
Included companies, by country
Sweden
Transbothnia
Nordisk Kyl Logistik AB
Nils Hansson
Posten Logistik Ab
Green Cargo TPL
Norway
Mereco
Eek
Byrknes Auto
Harlem Transport
Tollpost Globe
Denmark
Budstikken
HIT
Transportgruppen
Finland
Posten Logistik Oy
DPD Finland
References
Logistics companies of Denmark
Logistics companies of Norway
Logistics companies of Sweden
Transport companies established in 2009
Companies based in Stockholm
Botman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Selma Botman (born 1950), American academic
Sven Botman (born 2000), Dutch footballer
Thembile Botman (born 1976), South African actor and business person
See also
Bowman (surname)
Wat Khaek () is an unofficial term meaning Indian's temple. It is composed of two words; wat meaning religious place, and khaek meaning "of Indian/south Asian/muslim race/culture". It may refer to:
Sri Mariamman Temple, Bangkok, Hindu temple in Bangkok
Sala Keoku, park in Nong Khai, Thailand
Stenotus binotatus is a species of plant bug, originally from Europe, but now also established across North America and New Zealand. It is long, yellowish, with darker markings on the pronotum and forewings. It feeds on various grasses, and can be a pest of crops such as wheat.
Description
Stenotus binotatus is a fairly large plant bug ( long), which is somewhat variable in appearance. The insect's sides are roughly parallel, and the colours depend on both the animal's sex and its age, the markings becoming darker and stronger with increasing age. Males are mostly yellow, with darker markings on the pronotum and forewings, which females are greenish-yellow with paler markings.
Distribution
S. binotatus is native to most of the Palearctic but has been introduced to temperate regions around the world. It is common "throughout the northern and central U.S. and southern Canada", and it has been introduced to New Zealand, where it now found almost throughout the country.
Ecology
Both the nymphs and adults feed on the inflorescences of grasses, especially timothy-grass (Phleum pratense). In New Zealand, S. binotatus has been collected from a large variety of plants, including the grasses brown top, Yorkshire fog, cocksfoot, wheat, barley and maize, and many other plants (including rushes, Hypericum, Leptospermum scoparium, Metrosideros, Nothofagus, Coriaria, Olearia, Muehlenbeckia, Carmichaelia, Larix decidua, Eucalyptus, Melicytus ramiflorus, Coprosma robusta, hemlock and nettles).
Adults are active from June to September in the United Kingdom, and in December and January in New Zealand.
Crop damage
Stenotus binotatus produces an enzyme which degrades the gluten in the grasses it feeds on. These enzymes are believed to be responsible for the characteristic "sticky dough" produced from wheat which has been attacked by plant bugs such as S. binotatus.
The wheat grain does not show a pale area or puncture mark after attack by S. binotatus, in contrast to other bugs. Instead, the grains appear collapsed. Wheat grains from known bug infestation in New Zealand do not resemble those produced by S. binotatus, and SDS-PAGE patterns also suggest that S. binotatus was not the cause of infestations.
Taxonomic history
Stenotus binotatus was originally described under the name Lygaeus binotatus by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1794. The genus Stenotus was erected by Wassily Ewgrafowitsch Jakowlew (also transcribed as "Jakovlev") in 1877, and S. binotatus was designated its type species.
S. binotatus is known by various common names, including two-spotted plant bug, timothy plant bug, and slender crop mirid.
References
External links
Stenotus binotatus at Ecology of Commanster
Mirini
Hemiptera of Europe
Agricultural pest insects
Insects described in 1794
Zhengshi (正始) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Zhengshi (240–249), era name used by Cao Fang, emperor of Cao Wei
Zhengshi (407–409), era name used by Gao Yun (emperor)
Zhengshi (504–508), era name used by Emperor Xuanwu of Northern Wei
Sir John Cyril Smith (15 January 1922 – 14 February 2003), born Barnard Castle, County Durham, was an authority on English criminal law and the philosophy of criminal liability. Together with Brian Hogan they were the author of Smith & Hogan's Criminal Law, a leading undergraduate text on English criminal law. The book is now in its fourteenth edition (2015) and has been used as persuasive authority on crimes prosecuted in the law courts of England and Wales and elsewhere in the common law world. In 1998, Lord Bingham praised Smith; "whom most would gladly hail as the outstanding criminal lawyer of our time." Smith and Hogan's Criminal Law is now edited by Professor David Ormerod QC.
Although Smith won a scholarship to the University of Oxford to read history they never took it up, choosing to work on the railway instead. Smith's initial interest in law was developed whilst they were serving in the Royal Artillery; subsequently, they helped administer courts martial. After leaving the Army in 1947, Smith read law at Downing College at the University of Cambridge. In 1950, Smith was called to the English Bar Lincoln's Inn becoming an Honorary Bencher in 1977.
Smith joined the Department of Law at the University of Nottingham in 1950. They were promoted to Professor of Law in 1957. For thirty years, Smith was influential in making Nottingham University one of the premier law schools in England and Wales. They also spent a year at Harvard University.
During the 1960s Smith was a member of the Criminal Law Revision Committee. The resulting recommendations played an important part in the development of the Theft Acts of 1968 & 1978. Smith was an advocate for a criminal code of England and Wales (an English Criminal Code) working on a draft criminal code in the early 1980s, which was adopted by the Law Commission in 1989. The code has not yet been adopted, which, during their lifetime, was to the great disappointment of Professor Smith.
Smith, who published prolifically as J.C. Smith, had a long association with the Criminal Law Review and wrote many case notes for that journal which were notable for their incisive, playful and amusing analysis.
They also wrote the book Criminal Evidence published by Sweet & Maxwell (1 June 1995).
Smith was a fellow of the British Academy. They were made QC in 1973 and knighted in 1993.
References
Lord Bingham of Cornhill, Lord Chief Justice of England (1998) "Speech at Dinner for HM Judges, The Mansion House, London, 22 July
Professor Andrew Ashworth, Vinerian Professor of English Law (2003) "Obituary, John Smith, The Independent, 21 March
1922 births
2003 deaths
Alumni of Downing College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Nottingham
British legal scholars
People from Barnard Castle
Royal Artillery officers
Knights Bachelor
Lawyers awarded knighthoods
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Fellows of the British Academy
British Army personnel of World War II
Edward Corbett may refer to:
Edward Corbett (artist) (1919–1971), abstract expressionist artist
Edward P. J. Corbett (1919–1998), American author
Edward Corbett (politician) (1817–1895), MP for South Shropshire 1868–77
Edward Corbet of the Corbet baronets
See also
Ted Corbett (1935–2017), English cricket writer and sports journalist
Edward Corbet (1603–1658), English clergyman and member of the Westminster Assembly
Walter Webb Hall (WWH) is a building on the University of Texas at Austin campus, in the U.S. state of Texas. The building was completed in 1973, and has housed the campus club and faculty center.
The Texas Historical Association started renting space in the building in 2015.
References
1973 establishments in Texas
University and college buildings completed in 1973
University of Texas at Austin campus
William Charles Oursler (July 12, 1913 – January 7, 1985) was an American author, lecturer and radio commentator, and the son of noted novelist and playwright Fulton Oursler. They frequently wrote and spoke on religious and inspirational subjects.
Born in Baltimore, their family soon moved to New York City, where Will grew up and attended school. After a brief stint at art school (Oursler attended the Art Students League of New York), they decided to complete college and graduated cum laude from Harvard University in 1937. After graduation, Oursler worked on the staffs of various Boston newspapers and began writing in earnest. Their first book, The Trial of Vincent Doon, was published in 1941, followed by Folio on Florence White in 1942.
Oursler served as a war correspondent for Fawcett Publications during World War II. After the war, they began contributing numerous articles and short stories to well known magazines such as Collier's and Reader's Digest. Oursler also wrote non-fiction as well as novels and mysteries; non-fiction titles include Father Flanagan of Boys' Town about Father Edward J. Flanagan's work with young men (in collaboration with their father), The Boy Scout Story, The Murderers (with Harry Anslinger), and The Road to Faith. N.Y. N.Y. is perhaps Oursler's best known novel.
Over the course of their career Oursler wrote more than 45 books including 12 mystery novels. They were vice-president of the Mystery Writers of America, a founding commodore of the Overseas Yacht Club, and president of the Overseas Press Club from 1970 to 1972. Their autobiography, Family Story, was published in 1963.
Oursler also wrote under the names Gale Gallagher and Nick Marino.
They also co-wrote "My Life with Edgar Cayce by David E. Kahn, as told to Will Oursler", Doubleday ed., 1970.
External links
Will Oursler Papers at Syracuse University
References
1913 births
1985 deaths
Harvard University alumni
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
American mystery writers
Novelists from Maryland
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
William Fairley was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a wing half.
References
Scottish footballers
Association football wing halves
St Mirren F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Jean Bouhier may refer to:
Jean Bouhier (bishop) (1666–1744), first bishop of Dijon
Jean Bouhier (jurist) (1673–1746), to the Parlement de Bourgogne and writer
Mount Morrison is a mountain summit located in the upper Spray River Valley of southern Banff National Park, in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada. Mount Morrison in not visible from any road in Banff Park, however, it can be seen from Alberta Highway 742, also known as the Smith-Dorrien/Spray Trail in Kananaskis Country. Mount Morrison's nearest higher peak is Mount Turner, to the north.
History
Mount Morrison was named in 1918 for Sir Edward Whipple Bancroft Morrison (1867–1925), Major General in the Canadian Army during the First World War. Earlier in their career, they served in the Royal Canadian Dragoons with Sir Richard Ernest William Turner in 1900 during the Second Boer War under the command of Brigadier-General Horace Smith-Dorrien. Not coincidentally, Mount Morrison is situated two kilometres south of Mount Turner.
The mountain's name was officially adopted in 1924 by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
The first ascent of the peak was made in 1955 by Don Morrison.
Geology
Like most of the mountains in Banff Park, Mount Morrison is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Morrison is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. In terms of favorable weather, June through September are the best months to climb. Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains into Currie Creek, which empties into Spray Lakes Reservoir via Spray River.
Gallery
See also
Geography of Alberta
References
External links
Mount Morrison weather forecast
Parks Canada web site: Banff National Park
Morrison
Morrison
Morrison
Morrison
The Cowdray engravings comprise five 18th-century engravings of 16th-century wall-paintings, originally commissioned by Sir Anthony Browne. The original paintings were destroyed by fire in 1793.
History
The Cowdray engravings are based on five paintings produced for Sir Anthony Browne, King Henry VIII's Master of the Horse. They were probably produced between 1545 and 1548 and were painted onto the walls of Browne's hall in Cowdray House. They showed key scenes in their life and might have been used by them when recounting stories during formal events. The painting included The Departure of King Henry VIII from Calais, The Encampment of King Henry VIII at Marquison, The Siege of Boulogne by King Henry VIII, The Encampment of the English forces near Portsmouth and The riding of King Edward VI from the Tower of London to Westminster.
Philip Yorke, the Earl of Hardwick and a keen antiquarian, proposed producing engravings of the paintings in the 1760s. Their colleague, the antiquarian Sir Joseph Ayloffe, was spurred on by their interest and convinced the Society of Antiquaries to record them as engravings, as part of a longer series of historical prints produced by the society. The Encampment of the English Forces near Portsmouth was rendered as a watercolour by John and Charles Sherwin and then engraved by James Basire. Samuel Hieronymous Grimm copied the remaining four paintings which Basire then engraved. The engravings were published in 1788 with a print run of 400 copies, distributed to fellow of the society and sold to the public.
Cowdray House burnt down on 24 September 1793 and the paintings were mostly destroyed as the rendering came away from the walls, although some fragments may have survived for a few years after the fire. This left the engravings as the only record. The historian Bernard Nurse considers them to be "an important
record of the sixteenth-century originals".
References
Bibliography
External links
1788 works
18th-century engravings
English art
Zhou Yuqi (; born August 1944) is a lieutenant general in the People's Liberation Army of China. They were a member of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. They were a member of the Standing Committee of the 11th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Biography
Zhou was born in Ningxiang County (now Ningxiang), Hunan, in August 1944. They secondary studied at Jiujiang No. 1 High School.
They enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in August 1961, and joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in January 1970. They graduated from the PLA Foreign Language College and PLA Political College. They served in Wuhan Military District from 1974 to 1985. In August 1985, they became deputy head of Organization Division of Political Department of the Guangzhou Military Region, rising to head in July 1988. In May 1993, they were promoted to become director of Political Department of the Guangxi Military District, a position they held until February 1995, when they were chosen as deputy political commissar of the 42nd Group Army (now 74th Group Army). In September 1997, they were elevated to political commissar of Guangxi Military District, and held that office until December 2000. In December 2000, they were recalled to the Guangzhou Military Region and appointed director of Political Department, a post they kept until December 2004, when they were promoted again to become deputy political commissar.
They were promoted to the rank of major general (shaojiang) in July 1995 and lieutenant general (zhongjiang) in July 2002.
References
1944 births
Living people
People from Ningxiang
People's Liberation Army generals from Hunan
People's Republic of China politicians from Hunan
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Hunan
Members of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the Standing Committee of the 11th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
'''2021 Nigeria boat accident may refer to:
Kebbi boat disaster in May
Bagwai boat disaster in November
Auguste-Louis Bertin d'Antilly (1763–1804) was a French dramatist and journalist whose patriotic songs and topical libretti were prominent during the French Revolution, but who emigrated from France under Napoleon.
Bertin d'Antilly possessed the sinecure of premier Commis des Finances au département des revenus casuels du Roi, and thus was a pensioner of Louis XVI of France. In 1783 their one-act L'Anglais à Paris was a comedy without overt political content, and their two-act comedy L'école de l'adolescence was played in June 1789; but that same year, as "Citoyen B. Dantilly" they wrote the libretto for Pierre-David-Augustin Chapelle's opéra comique, that is, with spoken rather than sung dialogue, La Vieillesse d'Annette et Lubin based on a story by Jean-François Marmontel: at the third act finale, peasants armed with their tools face the seigneurial regime in defiance.
Their "Ode à l'Être Suprême" (Paris, 1794) reflects the Revolutionary Cult of the Supreme Being. Patriotic sentiments were to the fore in their libretto for La prise de Toulon par les français : opéra en trois actes, mêlés de prose, de vers et de chants, which celebrated the Siege of Toulon, an early Republican victory over a Royalist rebellion in the southern French port of Toulon, 18 December 1793. After the revenge assassination in January 1793 of Le Peletier de Saint Fargeau, who had cast the deciding vote for the execution of Louis XVI, Bertin d'Antilly provided the libretto to a two-act trait historique, Le Peletier de Saint-Fargeau, ou Le premier martyr de la République française, with music by Frédéric Blasius.
Under the Directoire Bertin d'Antilly abandoned their Jacobin views and moved to the political right. In 1797 they began to publish a daily journal of social and political commentary, Le Thé, ou Le journal des dixhuit, which ran from 16 April, under the epigraph "Je vois de loin; j'atteins de même"; it dropped its subtitle, ostensibly referring to eighteen editors, in favor of the subtitle Le contrôleur général. It was suppressed 18 fructidor An V (5 September 1797) in connection with the counter-revolutionary Coup of 18 Fructidor; earlier that year the Imprimerie du The that printed the journal had printed their "Disgrâce des triumvirs: chanson constitutionnelle", a commentary on disunion among the members of the French Directory. Some years later, a journal under the same title appeared, but Bertin d'Antilly had no part in its redaction. Firmly opposed to Napoleon, they had taken up residence at Hamburg, where they published the journal Le Censeur in collaboration with the émigré M. de Romance, chevalier de Mesmont; when Napoleon put diplomatic pressure on the Hamburg Senate, they were arrested, then released when the Comte d'Artois convinced the Russians to intervene on their behalf.
Notes
18th-century French journalists
18th-century French dramatists and playwrights
French opera librettists
1763 births
1804 deaths
French male journalists
French male dramatists and playwrights
French emigrants to Germany
18th-century French male writers
Houlder Bluff () is a bluff overlooking Point Wild on the north coast of Elephant Island, South Shetland Islands. This feature was named "Mount Frank Houlder" by Ernest Shackleton's Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition 1914–16, after Frank Houlder of the Houlder Steamship line, who assisted that expedition. Originally regarded as a distinct mountain from northward, it is now known to be backed inland by higher ground.
References
Cliffs of Antarctica
Oscalín Guillermo Ferraras (born 16 February 1994), known as Guillermo Ferreras, is a Dominican footballer who plays as a defender for atlantico fc Moca FC and Club Atletico Pantoja and the Dominican Republic national team.
International career
Guillermo Ferreras made their international debut for the Dominican Republic on 22 March 2018, being a second-half substitute in a 4–0 friendly win against the Turks and Caicos Islands.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Barahona Province
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football central defenders
Association football fullbacks
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
Dominican Republic international footballers
Dominican Republic expatriate footballers
Dominican Republic expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Qikiqtani General Hospital (QGH) is a 35-bed acute care hospital in the Nunavut territorial capital of Iqaluit on Baffin Island. It is also the sole hospital in the territory. The first hospital, the Baffin Regional Hospital, was constructed in 1962, and a new hospital, the Qikiqtabi General Hospital replaced the older one in 2007. By 2013, it had four birthing rooms, and two operating rooms.
The hospital underwent major renovated that were completed in 2016. The QGH East Wing, now houses out-patient services, a "rapid access walk-in clinic, specialty clinics, oral health", as well as administrative support staff, was officially opened in 2017 by Nunavut's Minister of Health, George Hickes. Hickes said that the hospital is a "focal point in the community", and that the "newly renovated East Wing of the original Baffin Regional Hospital in Iqaluit the newer Qikiqtani General Hospital with modern infrastructure and space".
With all services under one roof, including the ER and public health, the usual spring increase in cases was manageable in 2018. QCH waiting times are "actually quite low" compared to other areas in Canada, where some patients wait up to 20 hours."
Services
The regional hospital offers services in cardiology, gynaecology, dermatology, rheumatology, neurology, internal medicine, respirology, urology, orthopaedics, paediatric cardiology, orthopedics, neurology, allergist, ENT (Ears, nose and throat specialist), and ophthalmology.
References
Buildings and structures in Iqaluit
Hospitals in Nunavut
Cotoneaster cochleatus, the Yunnan cotoneaster, is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae. It is native to rocky slopes in Tibet, Sichuan, and Yunnan in China, and it has been introduced to the United Kingdom, Belgium and New York State. Its specific epithet cochleatus refers to its twisting stem.
A drought-tolerant creeping shrub reaching tall but spreading to , and hardy in USDA zones 5 through 7, it is considered a valuable landscaping plant by the Missouri Botanical Garden. The Centre for Agriculture and Bioscience International lists it in its Invasive Species Compendium. With its small glossy leaves, tiny rose-like flowers, showy red fruit, and low growth habit, it has found use in bonsai.
References
cochleatus
Ornamental plants
Plants used in bonsai
Endemic flora of China
Flora of Tibet
Flora of Sichuan
Flora of Yunnan
Plants described in 1957
The 1947 Victorian state election was held in the Australian state of Victoria on Saturday 8 November 1947 to elect 65 members of the state's Legislative Assembly.
Results
Legislative Assembly
|}
See also
Candidates of the 1947 Victorian state election
1946 Victorian Legislative Council election
References
1947 elections in Australia
Elections in Victoria (Australia)
1940s in Victoria (Australia)
November 1947 events in Australia
Kranti Veera is a 1972 Indian Kannada-language action drama film directed and produced by R. Ramamurthy. It stars Rajkumar, Rajesh and Jayanthi. The film's story was written by R. Rangarajan and Satyam was the soundtrack and score composer. The dialogues and lyrics were written by Chi. Udaya Shankar. The film is a classic case of visual representation of political transition from monarchy to democracy. The film reminds of princely India which existed in colonial India. The film acquires its political tone thanks to its theme which remind us of political history of Mysore and other princely states of Karnataka.
Cast
Soundtrack
The music of the film was composed by Satyam and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Chi. Udaya Shankar.
Track list
See also
Kannada films of 1972
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Kannada-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian action films
Films scored by Satyam (composer)
1972 action films
Films directed by R. Ramamurthy
Keogh Barracks is a military installation on Mytchett Place Road, Mytchett, Surrey, England.
History
The barracks were commissioned to accommodate the Army School of Hygiene and are named after Sir Alfred Keogh, a former Director-General of Army Medical Services. The foundation stone for the main building was laid by Lieutenant General Sir James Hartigan, Director-General of Army Medical Services, in February 1938. The Museum of Military Medicine has its origins in the "Mytchett Collection", a collection of documents accumulated there since 1952. In 1954 the RAMC Field Training Centre took over administration of the barracks. The depot of the Royal Army Medical Corps arrived from Queen Elizabeth Barracks, Church Crookham in 1964 and the Field Training Centre subsequently became known as the Royal Army Medical Corps Training Centre.
By the 1990s the Royal Army Medical Corps Training Centre had changed its name to the Army Medical Services Training Group. The Army Medical Services Training Group amalgamated with the equivalent organizations in the Royal Navy and the Royal Air Force to form the Defence Medical Services Training Centre at Keogh Barracks in 1996. However it moved to Whittington Barracks as the Defence College of Healthcare Education and Training in 2014. A major refurbishment costing £50 million was carried out at Keogh Barracks in order to accommodate 4 Armoured Medical Regiments in 2015.
Current units
2nd Battalion, Ranger Regiment
22 Field Hospital, Royal Army Medical Corps
References
Barracks in England
Installations of the British Army
The Abortion Caravan was a feminist protest movement formed by The Vancouver Women's Caucus in 1970 which travelled across Canada from Vancouver to Ottawa to advocate for increased access to legal abortion. A 1969 amendment to the Canadian Criminal Code legalized abortion under certain circumstances (whereas it had previously been considered a criminal offence in all cases). Unhappy with this incremental step, the Abortion Caravan advocated for abortion to be completely removed from the Criminal Code. Upwards of 300 supporters gathered in Ottawa on Parliament Hill and at the residence of the prime minister at the time, Pierre Elliot Trudeau, to protest the amendment. The Abortion Caravan paved the way for future abortion activism as well as helped initiate a revocation of abortion laws in 1988. At the time of the abortion caravan there were also a number of anti-abortion organizations who wished to eliminate access to abortions in Canada. To this day, there are abortion rights and anti-abortion organizations working to promote their positions, including Action Canada's celebrating the 50th anniversary of the 1970 Abortion Caravan.
History
The Formation of The Vancouver Women's Caucus and Why The Abortion Caravan?
The Vancouver Women's Caucus (VWC), originating out of Simon Fraser University, included those who were part of New Left organizations and were either students or worked on university campuses. The VWC had as its focus the issues of equal pay, child care, birth control and abortion clinics. Their primary focus, access to abortion, led the VWC to adopt the slogan "Free Abortion on Demand", and it was at the first Western Conference on Women's Liberation in 1969, where The Vancouver Women's Caucus proposed the idea of the Abortion Caravan to Ottawa. The Abortion Caravan would protest against the 1969 amendments to section 251 of the Criminal Code, which legalized abortion only in cases where pregnancy threatened the health of the mother. Under the amendment, abortions could only be performed by a licensed physician in an accredited hospital, and only after being approved by a therapeutic abortion committee (T.A.C.) - (a three-member panel of doctors). All other abortions, performed without the approval of a T.A.C. or in free-standing clinics, continued to be illegal and subject to criminal code sanctions. Organizations, like the VWC, felt the T.A.C. process was often proved slow and inaccessible for low-income women and inaccessible to most women. Before the Abortion Caravan set out across Canada, on February 14th of 1970, the VWC held a public meeting and theatre performance outside of the Vancouver Courthouse representing women's lack of control over their reproductive health.
The Abortion Caravan's Journey across Canada
On April 27th 1970, a group of women from the VWC set out on their journey from Vancouver to Ottawa in "a Volkswagen van with a coffin on top representing all the women who had died from unsafe abortions". The Abortion Caravan was aimed at emulating the On-to-Ottawa Trek of the Depression era. Throughout their travels the Abortion Caravan stopped in Canadian towns including Kamloops, Calgary, Edmonton, Saskatoon, Winnipeg and Toronto. As one of the VWC members retells "every day we had this routine: drive 300 miles, do guerrilla theatre, eat and have a public meeting". The VWC members were communicating with women's groups across Canada and received help with accommodation and food. As well, the Abortion Caravan came across other perspectives, those of anti-abortionist groups and women's groups. While the Caravan was in Thunder Bay, a Catholic group disrupted their meeting and criticized their position. Another women's liberation group from Toronto, The New Feminists, had an alternate point of view than the VWC as they questioned how women's oppression was related to abortion. In the final days of their journey across Canada, the number of participants in Canada increased as they reached Toronto.
This voyage across Canada has been described as a “journey of the heart, the spirits of hundreds of women who could not get into the cars and vans went along with the Caravan, hoping that this time their voices would be heard, and women's demands for change would be realized”.
The Abortion Caravan arrived in Ottawa on the Mother's Day weekend 1970. A convoy of Canadian women, over five hundred arrived with symbolic images of coat hangers and a black coffin to demand the legalization of unrestricted access to abortion services for all Canadian women.
The Protests at Parliament Hill and The Prime Minister's Residence
On May 9, 1970, participants of the Abortion Caravan held a meeting in the Railway Committee Room to discuss abortion laws in Canada. However, the Minister of Health, John Munro, the Minister of Justice, John Turner and Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau among other Members of Parliament did not attend the meeting and this led the Abortion Caravan supporters to declare "war on the Government of Canada", on May 11, 1970, at 3pm. This resulted in hundreds of women from across Canada rallying for two days on Parliament Hill.
Once speeches were given and the meeting in the Railway Committee Room concluded, hundreds of women and men continued their protest towards Pierre Elliot Trudeau's residence at 24 Sussex Drive. At the Prime Minister's residence, guards and RCMP were present; although, they allowed the group to enter the property and occupy the lawn while one of the VWC members, Margo Dunn, gave a speech. Trudeau was also not present at their residence but allowed the women to leave a coffin alongside a garbage bag, knitting needles, Lysol and a vacuum cleaner hose as representative objects used to perform unsafe abortions. Once the women left 24 Sussex Drive, they spend the rest of the day planning their declaration of war on the Canadian government. That night before the 11th, the RCMP, claiming to be the Board of Education, entered the school where the women were staying and searched their belongings.
On May 11, 1970, the Abortion Caravan and a large number of supporters returned to Parliament Hill with the intent to go into the public gallery of the House of Commons and chain themselves to the chairs – an act inspired by the British suffragettes who chained themselves to protest their lack of voting rights. The women had planned to split into two groups: one group would stay outside and march around centennial flame and the other group of approximately thirty women would enter the House of Commons and chain themselves. Women wore traditional feminine clothing to not draw suspicion and carried purses to hide their chains. Once seated, the women quietly chained themselves to their seats, listening intently as, on the House floor, NDP MP Andrew Brewin asked the Minister of Justice John Turner if they would consider reviewing the abortion law; Turner said they doubted the law would be reviewed, closing discussion on the matter.
Just before 3 p.m., one of the women rose from their seat in the gallery and began reciting the Abortion Caravan's "declaration of war", interrupting debate on the floor of the House of Commons. As parliamentary guards approached the woman, a second woman stood up in another area of the gallery and continued to give the group's speech. One by one, the women rose from their seats, adding their voices to the group's speech and chanting "free abortions on demand".
As Parliamentary guards moved through the galleries apprehending the protesters and forcibly removing the women from their seats, one woman reportedly "hurled a water bomb at the government benches before being rushed by security officers and marched from the building"; other women had their chains "removed by bolt-cutting guards". The gallery disturbance caused by activists served as the climax of the Abortion Caravan, provoking the first adjournment of Parliament in its 103-year history, shutting down the House of Commons for over an hour.
The Abortion Caravan brought national attention to the opposition to the 1969 amendments and the movement for “unrestricted access to legal abortion.”
Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau's Perspective on Abortion and Interactions with The Abortion Caravan
Pierre Elliot Trudeau and the Liberal Party of Canada were criticized for not considering the reproductive health needs of women, such as birth control and abortion information and services. Before the Abortion Caravan set out across Canada, the VWC approached Trudeau at the Vancouver Airport to discuss abortion and Trudeau's response was “Obviously [medical professionals] do not want to do abortions”. During the Abortion Caravan's declaration of war in Ottawa, Trudeau was not present; although, once the VWC had returned to Vancouver, they secured a meeting with them which they reached out to organize. During the meeting, when the members of the VWC stated they wanted the “abortion law repealed”, Trudeau's response was “well, go and get the people to vote for it. You have the right to have it, but go and do the job. Go and convince people”.
The Abortion Caravan's 50th Anniversary Project
Since the 1970 Abortion Caravan, the fight for abortion access has been on going in order to allow individuals the right to safe and non-discriminatory abortions. In 2020, Action Canada for Sexual Health and Rights created an initiative to continue the fight for equal access to abortions in Canada for all women in remembrance of The Abortion Caravan's fiftieth anniversary. Through this project, Action Canada drew attention to perspectives surrounding abortion access in Canada.
These perspectives include:
Decolonize abortion care: reproductive justice for Indigenous communities.
Expanding abortion care training and provision.
New Brunswick must fully fund abortion: #SaveClinic554.
International solidarity and abortion access.
Abortion care includes trans and gender non-binary people.
Comprehensive sex education and abortion care for youth.
Countering opponents and destigmatizing abortion in Canada.
See also
Abortion in Canada
References
1970 in Canada
Abortion in Canada
Feminism in British Columbia
Sir Robert Harling (died 9 September 1435) was an English early member of the landed gentry, a soldier, and political strongman. The Norfolk villages of East Harling, West Harling, Harling Market and Larling were greatly under their control. They married Jane Gonville, whose father established what was to become Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. They died on the feast of Gregory, fighting under John, Duke of Bedford, during the Hundred Years' War. Bedford died less than a week thereafter.  They are buried in the East Harling Church, of which their coat of arms is a main feature.
An anonymous Parisian chronicler described how Harling's body was prepared for transportation to Norfolk. They wrote: "His [Harling's] body was afterwards cut up and boiled in a cauldron at the St. Nicholas cemetery until the flesh came off the bones. These were then carefully cleaned and packed in a chest to be taken to England. The flesh, the entrails and water were buried in a big grave at the St. Nicholas cemetery."
Their daughter, Anne, married William Chamberlain (d.1462), a soldier, and later Sir Robert Wingfield (Member of Parliament for Herts, comptroller of the House of Edward IV).
Footnotes
Further reading
1435 deaths
Knights Bachelor
People from Harling, Norfolk
People of the Hundred Years' War
Year of birth unknown
Lee Tatlock, better known by their stage name Cream with a K, is a British singer-songwriter, model, multi-instrumentalist, visual artist and mixer from London United Kingdom. Tatlock was in the Japan-based bubblegum pop band Neko Punch from 2012 to 2017.  They are fluent in both English and Japanese, and writes lyrics in both.
In 2013, Neko Punch won the EMI Revolution Rock Competition. Soon after, they were signed to Universal Japan and managed by the same agency as Kyary Pamyu Pamyu. Tatlock then began writing for other artists in both English and Japanese. Tatlock wrote all the songs and lyrics for Neko Punch, in addition to other Japanese Artists. Their major label album debuted June 2013 with the 1st Maxi-Single "Go Baby". It reached number 5 on iTunes alternative chart and was featured on iTunes top page.
After a chance meeting in Tokyo with one of their biggest inspirations, Beck, they decided it was time to reconnect with the West and make music that was better aligned to their new ideas and vision. Using Logic Pro X they write, plays, arranges and produces their own music. Known in Japan as an influencer in fashion and art, they also style, directs and create their own visual content and music videos.
Tatlock also was the host of a rock TV show on the Japanese channel NHK. They released their solo album on 14 May 2018, with a special CD release party in Tokyo. The album was recorded in Los Angeles at Servant Records, as opposed to London or Japan. They pre-released their first solo album on CD 14 May 2018 with a special CD release party in Tokyo. The CD album is exclusively available at Tower Records in Japan.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
English expatriates in Japan
English women singer-songwriters
The Beta Theta Pi Fraternity House was a historic fraternity house located at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in Champaign, Illinois. Built in 1912, the building served as a house for the university's Sigma Rho chapter of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity, which was established in 1902. The house, along with the Kappa Sigma Fraternity House, established a new fraternity district to the west of the university campus. Architect Frederick J. Klein of Peoria designed the Classical Revival building. The three-story house had a two-story front porch supported by four Tuscan columns and four pilasters and topped by a balcony. The house was used by Beta Theta Pi until 2017. The chapter was disbanded in 2018, with plans to put the house up for sale. The building was demolished in the fall of 2020.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 28, 1989.
References
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Neoclassical architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1912
National Register of Historic Places in Champaign County, Illinois
Buildings and structures of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Fraternity and sorority houses
1912 establishments in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Champaign, Illinois
José Óscar Valerio Mendoza (born 9 June 1987) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Atlético Vega Real and the Dominican Republic national team.
International career
Valerio made their international debut for the Dominican Republic on 25 March 2015, being a second-half substitute in a 0–3 friendly loss against Cuba.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from La Vega Province
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football midfielders
Dominican Republic international footballers
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
The Lady Lovibond (sometimes spelled Luvibond) is the name given to a legendary schooner that is alleged to have been wrecked on the Goodwin Sands, off the Kent coast of south-east England, on 13 February 1748, and is said to reappear there every fifty years as a ghost ship. No contemporary records of the ship or its supposed sinking are to be found.
The story goes that the ship was at sea on 13 February because their captain, Simon Reed (in some accounts named Simon Peel), had just been married, and was celebrating the occasion with a cruise. According to several accounts, the ship was bound for Oporto in Portugal. Despite the longstanding sailors' superstition that it was bad luck to bring a woman on board, Reed had brought their bride Annetta with them on the ship.
According to legend, the first mate, John Rivers, a rival for the hand of the captain's young wife, was pacing the decks in jealous anger. While the captain, their wife and their guests were celebrating the marriage below deck, the first mate was seized with a fit of jealous rage. Casually drawing a heavy, club-like belaying pin from the rail, the mate walked softly up behind the crew member at the wheel and felled them to the deck with one crushing blow. Rivers then seized the wheel and steered the ship onto the treacherous Goodwin Sands, killing everyone aboard. A subsequent inquiry into the disaster recorded a verdict of misadventure.
The first supposed sighting of the phantom Lady Lovibond on 13 February 1798 was reported by at least two ships, the Edenbridge captained by James Westlake, and a fishing smack. Its alleged 1848 appearance convinced local seamen that a wreck had occurred – they sent out lifeboats from Deal in hopes of rescuing the survivors. Captain Bull Prestwick allegedly sighted them in 1948 and reported that they looked real, but gave off an eerie white glow. There was no reported 1998 sighting.
The Goodwin Sands are England's most fertile grounds for ghost ships, and are also the location of the legendary island of Lomea. The Lady Lovibond shares the area with two other phantom vessels: a liner called the , and the Shrewsbury, a man-of-war.
Researchers George Behe and Michael Goss came to the conclusion that there is no reliable primary sources that mention the Lady Lovibond before a 1924 article in the Daily Chronicle. They speculated that the ship may have been a fabrication from the journalist, or based on a ship that sailed into view between 1914 and 1924. Behe and Goss speculate that stories about the ship may have been invented for Valentine's Day and there were similarities with the story from other fictional ghost stories.
References
Sailing ships
Kent folklore
Legendary ghost ships
Michal Fukala (born 22 October 2000) is a Czech footballer who plays as a defender for Slovan Liberec.
References
Living people
2000 births
Czech footballers
Association football defenders
FK Frýdek-Místek players
FC Slovan Liberec players
Czech First League players
Czech Republic youth international footballers
J. Scott Long is a distinguished professor of statistics and sociology at Indiana University Bloomington. Long completed their undergraduate degree at Juniata College in 1973. This was followed by graduate education at Cornell University, where Long finished both their masters in 1973 and Ph.D. in 1977. During their career, they have held appointments at Cornell University and Washington State University before coming to Indiana University in 1989. Their career began by studying the dynamics of how doctoral graduates progress through scientific fields using data collected from biochemists. Following this, their research focused on the differences in career outcomes among male and female doctoral graduates, chairing a congressionally mandated committee of the National Academy of Sciences in the process. Over the course of their career, Dr. Long has published over seventy peer reviewed works in the field.
Awards
Long has been honored throughout their career by a number of different organizations. These include:
Sociological Research Association, Elected 1989
Edwin Sutherland Teaching Award, 1996
Paul F. Lazarsfeld Memorial Award for Distinguished Contributions to Sociological Methodology, 2002
Georgia Tech Center WST Distinguished Lecturer, 2007/2008
Freidson Award from the Medical Sociology Section of the American Sociological Association, 2009
Hurbert M. Blalock Lecture, Interuniversity Consortium of Political and Social Research, 2009
keynote Speaker, Valedictory Conference for Jacques Hagenaars, Tilburg University, 2010
Ellis Lecture, Juniata College, 2010
Fellow of the American Statistical Association, 2013
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American sociologists
Indiana University Bloomington faculty
Cornell University alumni
Juniata College alumni
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Myron "Boo" Bell (born September 15, 1971) is a former Safety in the NFL. They played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals. They started in Super Bowl XXX.  They are a member of the City of Toledo, Ohio Hall of Fame. As a teenager they played at Macomber High School (class of 1989) where they made the All-American 1st team in the state of Ohio for high school football players and also made the city of Toledo, Ohio Hall of Fame. They also teamed up with NBA star and Big Ten Network analyst Jim Jackson to win the 1988-89 OHSAA Division I basketball championship. Right now, they currently work with Charlotte-Mecklenburg School system with at-risk youth and helps their church with youth sports with close friends and former NFL football players Brentson Buckner and Adrian Murrell. The youth football league they coach together is in a football league associated with former NFL football players Ethan Horton, Mike Minter, Michael Dean Perry, and Mike Rucker. They have two children, Kennedy and Corey.
1971 births
Living people
American football safeties
Cincinnati Bengals players
Michigan State Spartans football players
Sportspeople from Toledo, Ohio
Pittsburgh Steelers players
References
Larry Bagby (born March 7, 1974) is an American actor and musician, who is best known as Ernie 'Ice' in Hocus Pocus, Larry Blaisdell in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Pvt. Shirley "Hickey" Kendrick in Saints and Soldiers, Marshall Grant in Walk the Line, and Frank Ellis in The Young and the Restless.
Early life
Bagby was born Lawrence Bagby III in Marysville, California. Their father was a member of a dance band. From 1994 to 1996, Bagby served in the Argentina Córdoba Mission of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Career
Besides their appearances in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Saints and Soldiers, Walk the Line, and The Young and the Restless, Bagby has also had featured appearances on television shows including CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, Cold Case, Malcolm in the Middle and JAG. As a teenager, they acted in Airborne and Hocus Pocus.
Bagby is also a musician. In 2005, they released their first album entitled Where I Stand, followed by their 2007 EP On The Radio which includes Counting My Lucky Stars featured on a TV episode of Cold Case. Larry has performed and toured with WS Holland, Rodney Blake Powell, and Lisa Horngren of The Tennessee Three.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Larry Bagby's Official Website
1974 births
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
Latter Day Saints from California
Male actors from California
American Mormon missionaries in Argentina
20th-century Mormon missionaries
People from Marysville, California
Néchin is a town of Wallonia and district of the municipality of Estaimpuis, located in the province of Hainaut, Belgium, near the border with France's Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.
It was a municipality until the fusion of the Belgian municipalities in 1977.
The village of Néchin has become known for the number of French millionaires and billionaires living there. It benefits from its location next to the French border, very close to Lille Métropole metropolitan area, and from Belgium's tax laws which are advantageous to people with high earnings from stock or capital gains, compared to the laws in France. Members of the Mulliez family, owners of the Auchan hypermarket chain and Decathlon sports stores, own a number of properties. In 2012 it was reported that Gérard Depardieu was purchasing a house in the village.
References
Former municipalities of Hainaut (province)
Juan Carlos Guzmán-Betancourt (born 1976) is a Colombian impostor and conman. Guzmán is believed to have stolen at least $1 million in various countries. They have used at least ten different false identities and has been pursued in Colombia, Venezuela, Mexico, Canada, Russia, Thailand and Japan.
Early life
Guzmán was born in 1976 in Roldanillo, Colombia. On June 4, 1993, they traveled to Miami as a wheel-well stowaway, calling themselves Guillermo Rosales. As an unnamed male, "13 years old", they were listed in the FAA report on flights with stowaways.
Criminal record
Betancourt was first arrested in the United Kingdom in 1998 on suspicion of four burglaries at Le Méridien Piccadilly Hotel, and of using a stolen credit card. In the U.S. states of Virginia and New York, Guzmán was convicted of larceny and credit card fraud in Florida, being deported from the U.S. three times.
References
External links
Initial story by The New York Times
1976 births
Colombian criminals
Impostors
People from Valle del Cauca Department
Living people
People convicted of burglary
People convicted of fraud
People convicted of theft
Stowaways
Holy Trinity Church, Heath Town, is in Heath Town, a district of Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wolverhampton, the archdeaconry of Walsall, and the diocese of Lichfield. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History
The first church was built between 1850 and 1852 to the 1849 designs of architect Edward Banks. It was consecrated by the Bishop of Lichfield on 22 July 1852.
It comprised a nave and aisles, with north porch and south entrance under the tower. The chancel had an organ chamber on the north side, separated by a stone screen and a vestry. The 6 bay nave was long and wide. The aisles were wide, making the total width . The chancel was long and wide. The tower was high. The whole of the exterior and interior is dressed stone and the seats and doors made of oak. The chancel floor was laid with Minton encaustic tiles. It was constructed by G and F Higham of Wolverhampton.
Interior
According to Pevsner Holy Trinity is 'A well-proportioned example of an Ecclesiological church with good interior features.'
Churchyard
The church is surrounded by a large churchyard which is still used for burials. The initial area closest to the church, known as the 'Old Ground', opened with the church in 1852. Since then the churchyard has been extended several times and now covers approximately seven acres in an irregular shape.
Two structures in the churchyard have been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed buildings. These are the lych gate which is also a war memorial and dates from c.1920 and the Jacobean style almshouses of c.1850, restored 1996.
Graves of historical interest
Daisy Alcock (1903-1996), calligrapher
Thomas Barrett (1891-1924), English motor-racing riding mechanic
George Bates (1879-1958), Mayor of Wolverhampton 1941-1942
26 war graves from World War I.
27 war graves from World War II.
References
External links
Wolverhampton's Listed Buildings
English Gothic architecture
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands (county)
Churches completed in 1852
Grade II listed churches in the West Midlands (county)
1852 establishments in England
Scheduled monuments in the West Midlands (county)
Diocese of Lichfield
Gothic Revival architecture in the West Midlands (county)
Eeva Kuusela née Saarinen (born June 12, 1984 in Keuruu, Finland) is a female breaststroke swimmer from Finland. They competed for their native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
References
Eeva Kuusela at SportElite's website
sports-reference
1984 births
Living people
People from Keuruu
Finnish female breaststroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Finland
Sportspeople from Central Finland
Ronald Ryckman Jr. (December 17, 1971) is an American politician. They represent the 78th District in the Kansas House of Representatives, and serves as the Speaker of the House. They were first elected to the Kansas House in 2012, and previously served on the Olathe City Council from 2009 to 2017.
Early life
Ryckman was born and raised in Meade, Kansas. They attended MidAmerica Nazarene University as a student athlete, where they received their bachelor's degree. They later started several small businesses in the Johnson County area.
Kansas House of Representatives
Ryckman was first elected to the Kansas House of Representatives in 2012. They were inspired by their father Ron Ryckman Sr. to run for the Kansas House of Representatives, who was a state representative at the time. In 2017, Ryckman was first elected by their peers to preside as Speaker of the House. They were re-elected as speaker in 2019 and again in 2021, marking them as the first state representative in state history to be elected as Speaker of the House for three consecutive terms.
Ryckman currently chairs the Interstate Cooperation Committee, and serves as vice-chair of the Legislative Coordinating Council and the House Committee on Calendar and Printing Committee. They also serve as a member on the House Legislative Budget Committee.
They previously served as the chairperson of the House Appropriations Committee, a position they assumed in January 2015.  They are the former House Majority Whip and a former chairperson of the House Social Services Budget Committee.
Transparency
In 2018, Ryckman instituted a new set of rules to end the century-old practice of the anonymous introduction of bills in the Kansas House. Any individuals including legislator, lobbyist, advocate, or organization that request the introduction of legislation is now posted publicly and visibly on the Legislature's website. This change was made in effort to improve transparency within the Legislative Branch.
Welfare reform
In 2013, Ryckman sponsored legislation to require welfare recipients to undergo drug testing. Specifically, only individuals who are suspected of using illegal drugs would be required to be tested. Any individual who is tested and fails to qualify can request a second test, and can be reimbursed for that test. This legislation was signed into law by Governor Sam Brownback in April of that year.
Legislative process changes
After a shortened 2020 Legislative Session due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Ryckman implemented several changes to House protocol in effort to keep legislators and staff safe and healthy during the 2021 session. Of these safety precautions most notable was the $3 million spent on upgrading the legislature's video and audio streaming, and teleconference technology, which allowed the public to participate virtually in the committee process for the first time. In addition, half of the House members were seated by Ryckman in the east and west galleries to ensure appropriate social distance while in the House chamber.
Personal life
Ryckman was born and raised in Meade, Kansas, and later attended MidAmerica Nazarene University as a student athlete. They and their wife Kim have three children.
References
21st-century American politicians
Kansas Republicans
Kansas city council members
Living people
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
MidAmerica Nazarene University alumni
People from Meade County, Kansas
People from Olathe, Kansas
Speakers of the Kansas House of Representatives
1971 births
Slalom is a business and technology consulting firm headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The company, which is a division of Slalom, LLC, employs more than 13,000 people in 45 markets and 11 Build Centers across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Slalom's annual revenue exceeds two billion dollars.
History
The company that is incorporated today as Slalom, LLC was formed in Denver, Colorado, as Accounting Quest, LLC in 1993. It began as a team that helped place permanent and temporary accounting and finance professionals to clients in the Denver area. In 1995, the company opened its Seattle office and focused on permanent placements and contract resources. The name was then changed to Two Degrees, LLC.
In 2010, the company rebranded and formally changed their name to Slalom, LLC.
Awards and Recognition
Slalom has been named the best company to work for by numerous sources such as Forbes Magazine, Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Glassdoor, and various business journals and news publications in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 and was recognized by the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index with a perfect score of 100 five years in a row. Fortune Magazine has also recognized Slalom as a Best Workplace for Women from 2017 - 2020.
References
External links
Management consulting firms of the United States
Information technology consulting firms of the United States
Companies based in Seattle
Consulting firms established in 2001
2001 establishments in Washington (state)
Cottonwood River is one of the principal tributaries of the Neosho River in central Kansas of the United States.
Course
The river begins near the west line of Marion County as two tributaries, the North Cottonwood River and the South Cottonwood River. They both start within 2 miles of each other, and within a few miles northwest of Lehigh.
The North Cottonwood starts near the west line of Marion County, crosses into McPherson County and roughly parallels the county line northward for 5 miles, then crosses back into Marion County. It flows through Durham then into the Marion Reservoir.
The South Cottonwood also starts near the west line of Marion County, flows southward about 1 mile west of Lehigh, then flows eastward about 2 miles south of Hillsboro, then northeast towards the lower side of the Marion Reservoir.
The North and South Cottonwood join about 1 mile southeast of the Marion Reservoir to become the North Fork Cottonwood River, before flowing through the city of Marion. The river flows southeast to Florence, then eastward towards Chase County. In Chase County, it flows northeast through Cedar Point then near Clements and Elmdale. It then flows eastward through Strong City, Cottonwood Falls.
The South Fork Cottonwood River starts south of Matfield Green, then flows northward along the east side of Matfield Green and Bazaar. It merges with the North Fork Cottonwood River about 3 miles east of Cottonwood Falls then flows eastward near Saffordville and across into Lyon County near Plymouth, Kansas, then along the south edge of Emporia. It flows into the Neosho River about 5 miles east of Emporia.
History
In 1806, Zebulon Pike led the Pike Expedition westward from St Louis, Missouri, of which part of their journey followed the Cottonwood River through Marion County near the current towns of Florence, Marion, Durham.
Cities and towns along the river
Marion
Florence
Cedar Point
Clements
Elmdale
Strong City
Cottonwood Falls
Saffordville
Emporia
Tributaries
Cedar Creek
Diamond Creek
Doyle Creek
Jacobs Creek
Lakes
The following lakes are located in the Cottonwood River drainage basin:
Marion Reservoir, northwest of Marion.
Marion County Lake, southeast of Marion.
Chase County State Lake, west of Cottonwood Falls.
Camp Wood YMCA Lake, south of Elmdale.
Peabody Country Club Lake, south of Peabody.
Bridges
The following bridges over the Cottonwood River are on the National Register of Historic Places list:
1916 Cottonwood River Pratt Truss Bridge, 0.8 miles west of Cedar Point ().
1886 Clements Stone Arch Bridge, 0.5 miles southeast of Clements ().
1914 Cottonwood River Bridge, north edge of Cottonwood Falls ().
1923 Soden's Grove Bridge, south edge of Emporia ().
Gallery
See also
Cedar Point Mill
Jacobs Creek and Jacobs Creek Flood
Great Flood of 1951
List of Kansas rivers
References
External links
Cottonwood River current depth and history
west edge of Marion
1 mile east of Florence
1 mile southwest of Plymouth (between Strong City and Emporia)
4 miles east of Emporia
Rivers of Kansas
Rivers of McPherson County, Kansas
Rivers of Marion County, Kansas
Rivers of Chase County, Kansas
Rivers of Lyon County, Kansas
Krzysztof Chrobak (born 3 October 1957) is a Polish football manager.
References
1957 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Warsaw
Polish football managers
Polonia Warsaw managers
Znicz Pruszków managers
Amica Wronki managers
Górnik Łęczna managers
Lech Poznań managers
Cristian Pușcaș (born 9 November 1970) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a forward.
Honours
CSM Reșița
Divizia B: 1991–92
Steaua București
Divizia A: 1996–97
Cupa României: 1996–97
Notes
References
1970 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football forwards
Liga I players
Liga II players
CSM Reșița players
FC Dinamo București players
FC UTA Arad players
CSM Jiul Petroșani players
FC Steaua București players
FC Politehnica Iași (1945) players
ASA Târgu Mureș (1962) players
People from Reșița
Orbis is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Donnersbergkreis
Palatinate (region)
Brent Bommentre (born May 10, 1984) is an American former competitive ice dancer. With partner Kimberly Navarro, they are the 2008 Four Continents bronze medalist and a two-time (2008 & 2009) U.S. national bronze medalist.
Personal life
Bommentre was born May 10, 1984 in Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia. They attended Drexel University. They graduated from U.C. Berkley's Haas School of Business with a degree in Business Administration and a minor in Global Development in 2019. They have two younger sisters, Ashley and Brianne. They married Karen Casperson on July 4, 2020 and they reside in Hailey, Idaho.
Career
Bommentre was the manager of Black Tie Ski Rentals of Sun Valley from December 2019- April 2020 in Ketchum, Idaho. The company provides premier ski rentals and delivery services to the Sun Valley area.
Skating Career
Early in their career, Bommentre competed with Allison Seitchik and Kirsten Frisch. They teamed up with Kendra Goodwin in the spring of 2003. They won the pewter medal at the 2004 U.S. Championships and competed at the 2004 Skate America and the 2004 Cup of Russia. Goodwin and Bommentre announced the end of their partnership in March 2005.
Bommentre teamed up with Kimberly Navarro after a tryout in April 2005. They won the bronze medal at the 2008 U.S. Championships, and were chosen to represent the United States at the 2008 Four Continents, where they finished in 3rd, and the 2008 World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden, where they were 12th. At the 2009 Nationals, Navarro/Bommentre again finished 3rd, but were left off the Worlds team in favor of Tanith Belbin / Benjamin Agosto, who had missed U.S. Nationals due to injury. They did compete at the 2009 Four Continents, where they finished in sixth place.
In the Olympic season, Navarro/Bommentre finished 4th at U.S. Nationals, and were not named to the Olympic team. When Belbin/Agosto ended their competitive career following the Olympics, they were selected to compete at the 2010 World Championships. They were 14th in their second Worlds appearance. Navarro/Bommentre announced their retirement from competition on May 11, 2010. They perform with the Ice Theatre of New York and, in November 2012, they taped an appearance in an episode of Glee. In Bommentre's professional skating career they have performed with Holiday On Ice, Broadway on Ice, Sun Valley On Ice, the 2014 Olympic Tour of Stars On Ice, and Nancy Kerrigan's "Halloween On Ice." They have also performed in the Disson television skating specials "Shall We Dance On Ice" and "Colgate Skating and Gymnastics." Bommentre also competed as part of the act "Aerial Ice" on the quarter-finals of NBC's America's Got Talent.
They have been a principal performer and figure skating instructor since age 15 and loves coaching kids and adults. They have instructed students ranging from 4 to 75 years old with over 4,000 cumulative hours of instruction. Bommentre has helped students through over 500 dance tests, resulting in 12 Gold Medals and three placements on internationally ranked collegiate synchronized skating teams. They frequently come to Minnesota to help skaters and coach.
They have performed as a principal soloist for over 1.5 million resort guests across ten years and 100 shows.
Programs
With Navarro
With Goodwin
With Frisch
Results
GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Navarro
With Goodwin
With Frisch
References
External links
American male ice dancers
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Philadelphia
Four Continents Figure Skating Championships medalists
Timothy Hayes Yule (January 4, 1947 – September 23, 2006), better known as Tim Rooney, was an American actor. Rooney was the second son of actor and comedian Mickey Rooney. Later in their life, Rooney suffered from a rare muscle disease known as dermatomyositis.
Early life
Tim Rooney was born on January 4, 1947 in Birmingham, Alabama. Their mother was a former Miss Alabama and singer, Betty Jane Rase, who performed as B. J. Baker.
Career
Rooney's notable appearances included the films Village of the Giants and Riot on Sunset Strip, and also the TV series The Donald O'Connor Show, Maverick, Dr. Kildare, Gidget, Bewitched, Dragnet and the cartoon show Mister T, in voiceovers.
In 1962 they co-starred as one of the children in the ABC comedy Room for One More.
In 1964-1965, Tim co-starred with their father in Mickey, an ABC situation comedy about a family that operates a hotel in Newport Beach, California. They played Timmy Grady. Mickey Rooney appeared as Mickey Grady. Emmaline Henry starred as mother and wife, Nora Grady.
Death
Tim Rooney died on September 23, 2006 at the age of 59, from pneumonia, complicated from the dermatomyositis.
References
External links
1947 births
2006 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Deaths from pneumonia in California
Male actors from Birmingham, Alabama
Male actors from California
People from Hemet, California
People with polio
André C. De Takacs (1879 or 1880 - 1919) was an illustrator. Their artwork features on the covers of sheet music. They produced art for posters, postcards, and film company promotions. They also wrote music and poetry. The Smithsonian Libraries have some of their song sheet covers in their collection. The University of South Carolina's Tin Pan Alley Sheet Music Collection also includes their work.
They used several distinctive signatures and marks.
Their work includes covers from the era when minstrel performers were still popular and depictions of African Americans are based on stereotypes.
They immigrated to the U.S. from Hungary where their father was a count. They died at the age of 39, reportedly of a heart attack in a New York City taxi on the way to the hospital. Their wife, Elizabeth "Bessie" Schenkel, took their life several years later. They had two daughters, one of them, Edythe Jepson, also became an artist.
Work
"Array Wanna" (1906)
"If I Only Had the Nerve" (1906)
Musical Joys for Boys and Girls (1908)
"Falling Star" (1909)
"I'm On My Way to Reno" (1910)
"Air King" (1911)
"I'd Be Proud to Be the Mother of a Soldier" (1915)
"Honolulu Hicki Boola Boo Island" (1916)
"The Cute Little.Wigglin' Dance" (1917)
"Everybody's Jazzin It"
"Ragtime Cowboy Joe"
Nachette by Ned Nye, book
The Ashes of My Heart by Edith Blinn, book
Ad for The Long Chance (1915), a western film
References
19th-century births
1919 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Hungarian illustrators
American illustrators
Zawgyi River () is a river of eastern Burma (Myanmar). It flows through the foothills of the Shan Mountain range in Shan State. It is a tributary of the Myitnge River (Doktawaddy) entering it about north of Kyaukse at Nyaungbintha.
Notes
Rivers of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
Cyclothone pallida, commonly known as the shadow bristlemouth, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclothone.
References
Gonostomatidae
Fish described in 1982
Sabrina Sophie Pretto (born Alberto Pretto) is an Italian ballet dancer. They were formerly a soloist with Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo ballet company. They were previously a company member with Stadtheater Koblenz and Les Ballets Grandiva, and danced as a guest artist with English National Ballet and Fondazione Arena of Verona. Pretto was a finalist in an international shoe design contest in 2000, organized by Sammauro Industria, and launched a dancewear line called Albypretty.
Biography
Sabrina Pretto was born in Vicenza. They started training in classical ballet when they were fourteen, studying under Maria Berica Dalla Vecchia. In 2004 they moved to Monaco and enrolled at the Académie de Danse Classique Princesse Grace in Monte Carlo. They graduated in March 2008 from the academy. Upon graduating, they competed in the International Dance Competition in Spoleto and won the third place prize in classical ballet after dancing a variation from Bournonville's Napoli Pas de Six. Later that year Pretto danced with the English National Ballet in their production of Strictly Gershwin and with the Fondazione Arena of Verona in the opera Aida.
In 2008, Pretto danced as a member of the company at Stadtheater Koblenz in Koblenz, Germany, for two seasons. In 2010 they joined Les Ballets Grandiva, an all-male comedy ballet company, and went on tour with the company in Japan. They danced solo roles with Les Ballets Grandiva in Westward Symmetry, Gottschalk Pas de Trois, Pas de Quatre Noveau (Brian Norris), Paquita Pas de Trois, and Night Crawlers (Peter Anastos).
Pretto joined Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo in January 2011 and performed with the company under the stage names Nina Immobilashvili and Stanislas Kokitch. With the Trockaderos they have danced soloist roles including La Tarantella Pas de Deux, Paquita, Walpurgishnacht, Esmerelda, and Les Sylphides, as well as the Dying Swan. However, they left the company shortly after coming out as a transgender woman, knowing that they could not continue dancing with them after physically transitioning.
Pretto also performed as a drag queen under the stage name Lolita Golightly.
Pretto is a fashion designer, and was a finalist in an international shoe design contest in 2000 that was organized by Sammauro Industria. They design a line of dancewear called Albypretty.
References
Living people
21st-century ballet dancers
English National Ballet dancers
Italian fashion designers
Italian ballerinas
LGBT dancers
LGBT fashion designers
People from Vicenza
Transgender entertainers
Transgender women
Trockaderos
External links
Sabrina Pretto on Youtube
Warrior Champions: From Baghdad to Beijing is a 2009 American documentary film directed by the Renaud Brothers. The films tell the individual stories of four American soldiers who lost limbs or suffered paralysis in the Iraq War, and of their training to try for a position on the 2008 U.S. Paralympic team and their journey to the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Athletes
The films feature:
Kortney Clemons (track and field)
Carlos Leon (shot put)
Melissa Stockwell (swimming)
Scott Winkler (shot put)
Awards
Best Political Feature, SINY Film Festival 2010
Documentary Prize, Naples International Film Festival 2010
Festival selections
Austin Film Festival 2009
Hot Springs Documentary Film Festival 2009
Tiburon International Film Festival 2010
Cleveland International Film Festival 2010
Newport Beach Film Festival 2010
ReelAbilities Disabilities Film Festival 2010
References
External links
American sports documentary films
Documentary films about the Iraq War
Documentary films about sportspeople with disability
Documentary films about veterans
Documentary films about the Olympics
2008 Summer Paralympics
2009 films
2009 documentary films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
George Owen Cambridge (1756–1841) was an English churchman, Archdeacon of Middlesex from 1808.
Life
George Cambridge was the youngest son of Richard Owen Cambridge and Mary Trenchard. They matriculated at The Queen's College, Oxford in 1774, and graduated B.A. there in 1778. They then became a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford and graduated with an M.A. there in 1781.
Cambridge was a supposed suitor of Frances Burney. Nothing came in the way of romance, though Sir William Weller Pepys, a friend of Burney, tried to throw the couple together. They had met through the Bluestockings; Burney's apparent interest in them was not returned.
Cambridge was rector of Myland in Essex from 1791 to 1795. They were a chaplain to Charles Manners-Sutton, and prebendary of Ely Cathedral from 1795. They became a good friend of Joshua Watson, a figure of the Hackney Phalanx group of High Church men. Cambridge was Archdeacon of Middlesex from 1808 to 1840, when they resigned. They became proprietor of Montpelier Row chapel, in Twickenham (unconsecrated). In 1814, when Watson, John Bowdler and James Alan Park saw the need for an urgent church building programme, they called on Cambridge and Charles Daubeny for action. They were Treasurer to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and the Clergy Orphan Schools. They were involved also in King's College London and the National Society for Promoting Religious Education.
Upon their father's death in 1802, Cambridge came into possession of Cambridge House, located in Twickenham Meadows. Cambridge divided the estate in 1835.
They were an art collector: old masters and contemporary portraits. They presented a copy of a painting by Paolo Veronese, the Martyrdom of St George, to the Fitzwilliam Museum in 1835.
Works
In 1803 they edited The Works of Richard Owen Cambridge, with an account of their life and character by their son, George Owen Cambridge. It contained much verse that had not yet been published.
Family
They married Cornelia Kuyck van Mierop in 1795.
Archdeacon Cambridge's schools
From 1842 there have been "Archdeacon Cambridge's schools" in Twickenham, named as a memorial. They were designed by George Basevi.
References
Sources
WorldCat page, WorldCat page variant
CERL page
1756 births
1841 deaths
18th-century English Anglican priests
19th-century English Anglican priests
Archdeacons of Middlesex
Fellows of Merton College, Oxford
Achab may refer to:
Achab or Ahab, ancient Israelite king
Capitaine Achab, French short film directed by Philippe Ramos
Imad Achab Kanouni, French citizen who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba
Jaouad Achab, taekwondo practitioner from Belgium
Mustapha Achab, Moroccan footballer.
See also
Ahab (disambiguation)
Captain Ahab (disambiguation)
The 601 Signals Grouping (Agr Com 601) is an Argentine Army signals military grouping. It is headquartered at the City Bell Army Garrison, Buenos Aires Province.
History
In 1986, the 601 Signals Grouping Headquarters settled at the City Bell Barracks, followed by the 601 Signals Battalion, the 601 Electronic Operations Battalion and the “La Plata” Recruitment and Mobilization Division.
In 2019 became part of the Army Enlistment and Training Command.
Structure
601 Signals Grouping Headquarters (Jefatura de la Agrupación de Comunicaciones 601). Base: City Bell Army Garrison (Buenos Aires Province).
601 Signals Battalion (Batallón de Comunicaciones 601). Base: City Bell Army Garrison (Buenos Aires Province).
601 Electronic Operations Battalion (Batallón de Operaciones Electrónicas 601). Base: City Bell Army Garrison (Buenos Aires Province).
601 Signals Maintenance Battalion (Batallón de Mantenimiento de Comunicaciones 601). Base: City Bell Army Garrison (Buenos Aires Province).
Sources
References
Army units and formations of Argentina
Military communications units and formations
La Plata Partido
Group sized units of armies (land forces)
Britain's Secret Treasures is a British documentary shown on ITV hosted by Michael Buerk and Bettany Hughes. The programme features fifty archaeological discoveries that have been made in England, Wales and Scotland by members of the public. With the exception of a single find made in Scotland, all the objects featured were recorded by the Portable Antiquities Scheme (PAS). Since the PAS was set up in 1997, some 800,000 objects have been registered with the scheme, many of them discovered by amateur metal detectorists.
The fifty finds have been selected by Hughes and a panel of experts from the British Museum (Roger Bland, Michael Lewis, Sally Worrell and Ian Richardson) and the Council for British Archaeology (Mike Heyworth) from among the nearly one million finds reported to the PAS on the basis of their historical and cultural significance, as well as on their aesthetic merit. The six episodes of Britain's Secret Treasures present the fifty objects in reverse order according to their importance as judged by the panel, in a countdown format, with the ten most important objects revealed during the sixth and final episode.
Taking the top slot in the countdown, as the most important object according to the panel, is a Lower Paleolithic flint handaxe made more than half a million years ago that was found on a beach in Happisburgh, Norfolk, in 2000 by a man taking their dog for a walk.
Episodes
Series 1
Series 2
List of objects
Objects submitted by viewers
At the beginning of the series viewers were invited to submit photographs of objects that they had found in England or Wales, so that experts from the British Museum could select the most interesting object, to be announced during the final episode.
The viewer-submitted object chosen as the most interesting by the panel was a small medieval bronze ornament in the form of an open book that was found in a field by the Pilgrims' Way at Bentley, Hampshire in 1997 (PAS record: HAMP527). The open pages of the book are engraved with the Latin inscription Pax tibi, Marce, Evangelista meus meaning "Peace to you, Mark, my evangelist". The traditional symbol of the Republic of Venice and the city of Venice is a winged lion (symbol of Mark the Evangelist), which is often depicted with one of its paws on an open book showing this same inscription, which suggests that the bronze book may have been a pilgrim's souvenir from Venice.
See also
A History of the World in 100 Objects
Our Top Ten Treasures
References
External links
Portable Antiquities Scheme site, including episode guides with brief descriptions of all fifty objects
British Museum in media
Documentary films about the visual arts
2012 British television series debuts
2013 British television series endings
ITV (TV network) original programming
The Mountain Dew goat commercials were a series of three television commercials for the soft drink Mountain Dew, which is produced by PepsiCo. The commercials aired in 2013 and featured Tyler, the Creator, who voiced a goat named Felicia. The commercials were pulled after receiving backlash from critics, including social commentator Boyce Watkins, who stated that the commercials played to racial stereotypes regarding African Americans and trivialized violence against women.
The ads
The ad campaign consisted of three commercials starring Felicia the Goat, an English-speaking goat voiced by American rapper Tyler, the Creator. In the first commercial, Felicia assaults a waiter at a restaurant after being told that the restaurant is out of Mountain Dew. In the second commercial, Felicia flees from a police officer who suspects the goat of a "DewUI" (a play on words of both DUI and Mountain Dew's slogan "Do the Dew"). In the third commercial, Felicia is part of a police lineup with five African-American men (including one played by Left Brain, a member of Tyler's musical collective Odd Future). The waiter from the first commercial, who is shown bruised, is trying to select from the lineup while Felicia makes threatening comments to the waiter (including "better not snitch on a player" and "snitches get stitches"). The commercial ends with the waiter shrieking and fleeing from the police station.
Response
The final commercial, which was directed by Tyler under their pseudonym of Wolf Haley, premiered in April 2013. On May 1, social commentator and political analyst Boyce Watkins wrote a post for YourBlackWorld.net titled "Mountain Dew Releases Arguably the Most Racist Commercial in History" wherein they criticized the commercial and accused Mountain Dew of engaging in "corporate racism" with its use of stereotypes of African Americans in the commercial. Additional criticism came from the commercials' trivialization of violence against women, with an article in The Wall Street Journal pointing to a threat Felicia made to the waiter ("I'm going to get out of here and I'm going to do you up.") as being a threat of sexual assault used as a play on words for Mountain Dew's slogan. Following the publishing of this post, PepsiCo released a statement to MTV News saying that they were pulling the commercials: "We apologize for this video and take full responsibility. We have removed it from all Mountain Dew channels and Tyler is removing it from their channels as well." In another statement, PepsiCo said, "We understand how this video could be perceived by some as offensive, and we apologize to those who were offended." In contrast, journalist LZ Granderson wrote an opinion piece for CNN defending the commercial as "frat-boy humor" and compares the jokes made in them to those in absurdist comedy shows such as Chappelle's Show. Shortly after the ads were pulled, Tyler's manager Christian Clancy released a statement offering their apologies to people who were offended by the commercials and defending Tyler, stating that while the ads were intentionally boundary-pushing, it was not their intent to be racist.
On May 2, Billboard interviewed both Tyler and Clancy about the controversy, with Tyler defending the commercials and arguing that they were not racist. Additionally, in a Twitter post, Tyler offered to speak to Watkins about the commercials, with Watkins later stating that, while Tyler was probably well-intentioned with the advertisements, they stood by their previous criticisms of them. Clancy also deferred several questions to Mountain Dew, including an unreleased fourth commercial and how the business deal between Mountain Dew and Tyler began.
Tyler, the Creator, who voiced the goat, uses @feliciathegoat as their Instagram handle, referencing the commercials.
See also
2013 in American television
Live for Now (Pepsi)
References
Further reading
External links
2010s television commercials
2013 controversies in the United States
2013 in American television
2013 works
African-American-related controversies
American television commercials
Goats in art
Mountain Dew
PepsiCo advertising campaigns
Political controversies in the United States
Race-related controversies in advertising and marketing
Tyler, the Creator
Phyllostegia wawrana is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name fuzzystem phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is limited to the island of Kauai. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
When this plant was listed as an endangered species there were up to 36 individuals on Kauai. By 2006 there were up to 55 plants in three populations. This plant grows only in moist and wet forest habitat.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
wawrana
Endemic flora of Hawaii
The Israeli-American Council (IAC; ) is an American nonprofit organization to represent and serve the approximately 125,000 Israeli-Americans. Its mission is to preserve and strengthen the Israeli and Jewish identities of future generations, strengthen the American Jewish community, and strengthen the relationship between citizens of the United States and the State of Israel.
History
The Israeli Leadership Council (ILC) was founded in 2007 by Israel's Consul General, Ehud Danoch, and a group of Israeli and Israeli-American business leaders, including Adam Milstein and Shoham Nicolet. The first ILC event was held in July 2007, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, with about 80 Israeli-American business leaders, featuring Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and Danoch. The event was organized by Danny Alpert, Adam Milstein, Eli Tene, Steve Erdman, Naty Saidoff, Eli Marmour, and Shoham Nicolet following a meeting between Alpert and Danoch.
The ILC's first board was co-chaired by Alpert and Tene, and included Milstein, Erdman, Marmour, Saidoff, Shawn Evenhaim, Yossi Rabinovitz, and Nissan Pardo. Shoham Nicolet was asked to volunteer to lead the venture as the Founding Executive Director. They set the organization's "three pillars" of engagement: to strengthen future generations of Israeli-Americans, the American Jewish community and the State of Israel.
By 2008, ILC began receiving support from Beny Alagem, Leo David and Haim Saban. It held its first major event, "Live for Sderot", a celebrity gala with 1,800 attendees. The two presidential candidates, Barack Obama and John McCain, both sent videos expressing their support for the event.
The ILC held its first annual gala dinner in 2009, attended by hundreds of Israeli-Americans.
In 2011, ILC began funding Sifriyat Pijama B-America, a Hebrew language version of PJ Library. PJ Library is a nonprofit which sends children's book to Jewish families. The program was cancelled in 2016.
Sagi Balasha became ILC's first CEO in September 2011. ILC Care was launched in November. In April 2012, ILC launched the Celebrate Israel Festival to celebrate Israel's Independence Day.
In 2013, the ILC rebranded as the Israeli-American Council. Funded by Miriam and Sheldon Adelson, the organization launched an expansion plan to create regional councils across the United States. By summer 2014, the IAC had a staff of 60 people, an annual budget of $17.5 million and six regional offices.
By 2014, IAC Merkaz and IAC Shishi Israel were established, as were regional chapters in Boston, Florida, Las Vegas, and New York. In October 2014, Adam Milstein became the Chairman of the IAC, and Shoham Nicolet returned as the organization's CEO.
IAC has established several regional chapters since 2015. Those years also saw the launch of IAC Manhigut, IAC Act, and IAC Eitanim. By the end of 2018, IAC has 20 regional offices and more than 58 active communities.
Organization
Leadership
National officers:
Shoham Nicolet, Chief Executive Officer
Shanee Feig-Kochlani, Chief Creative Officer
Shely Medved, Chief Financial Officer
Aya Shechter, Senior National Operations Director
Funding
Major funders of IAC are billionaire and pro-Israel philanthropist Sheldon Adelson, who has contributed millions to the organization, and Haim Saban. Republican Adelson and Democrat Sabin had appeared together to demonstrate that their efforts for Israel were bipartisan, but from 2015 Sabin reduced their support over political differences.
Israeli-American National Conference
In 2014, IAC began hosting annual national conferences, featuring American and Israeli politicians and business leaders. The conference has grown to become one of the largest Israel-related annual events.
The first national conference was held in November in Washington D.C. and drew over 750 participants and speakers. During an on-stage discussion about the Palestinian issue between IAC's two megadonors, Saban and Adelson, the former insisted on the two-state solution to keep Israel both Democratic and Jewish. Adelson, in response, quipped "Israel isn't going to be a democratic state – so what?" A year, it was reported that Saban has ended their involvement in IAC, allegedly over political differences.
In 2017, the conference was held in Washington D.C. Among the speakers were U.S. ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley, Israel's UN Representative Danny Danon, Israeli Education Minister Naftali Bennett, Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely, and Member of Knesset Merav Michaeli.
The fifth IAC National Conference in 2018 was held in Florida with over 3,100 attendees. Speakers included Vice President Mike Pence, Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY), House Democratic Leader, Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Speaker of the Israeli Knesset Yuli Edelstein, Israel's Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked, and Israeli-American business people such as Marius Nacht and Maya Prosor.
U.S. President Donald Trump spoke at IAC's sixth national conference in December 2019. They claimed that some Jews "don't love Israel enough" and, addressing the audience of 4,000 Jews: "You're not going to vote for the wealth tax. Let's take 100 percent of your wealth away. No, no. Even if you don't like me – and some of you don't, some of you I don't like at all actually – and you're going to be my biggest supporters because you'll be out of business in about 15 minutes." While the audience cheered, some commentators claimed Trump's remarks were antisemitic.
Israeli-American Coalition for Action
The Israeli-American Coalition for Action (IAC for Action, formerly the Israeli-American Nexus), founded in 2016, is the lobbying arm of IAC. Its focus issues include supporting economic collaboration between the United States and Israel, lobbying for anti-BDS laws to force government contractors to promise not to boycott Israel, and Iran which Israel sees as a threat.
References
External links
2007 establishments in California
Israeli-American culture in California
Israeli-American history
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
Jews and Judaism in the United States
Israel–United States relations
Jewish community organizations
Jewish organizations based in the United States
Foreign policy lobbying organizations in the United States
Foreign policy political advocacy groups in the United States
Sheldon Adelson
Stenoma oblita is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in Brazil (Amazonas) and French Guiana.
The wingspan is about . The forewings are light fuscous, faintly violet tinged, the extreme costal edge ochreous whitish. The plical and second discal stigmata are dark fuscous and there are two faint curved posterior lines hardly perceptibly indicated. There is also a terminal series of dark fuscous dots. The hindwings are ochreous-whitish grey.
References
Moths described in 1877
Stenoma
"Human" is the fourteenth episode of military science fiction television series Stargate Universe. The episode originally aired on April 23, 2010 on Syfy in the United States, and on SPACE in Canada. The episode was directed by series creator, Robert C. Cooper and was written by Jeff Vlaming. The episode focuses on Dr. Rush working on modifying the chair interface, so that they can use it in an attempt to gain access to the master code while replaying the memories during their wife's dying days. The episode was viewed by 1.3 million Americans and was generally well received.
Plot
Dr. Nicholas Rush (Robert Carlyle) uses the Ancient repository chair, which was previously used by Jeremy Franklin, who almost died using it. Rush devises a program which allows the chair to download the information slowly, and works out how to crack the master code to finally gain control of Destiny. They replay the memories from when their wife, Gloria (Louise Lombard), was dying from cancer, and when Daniel Jackson (Michael Shanks) recruited them to the Stargate program. When Rush finds the master code, they will exit the program. In the meantime, Colonel Young (Louis Ferreira) learns of this and considers disconnecting them if Rush's life is threatened. As Rush is about to give up, they realise a recurring element popping up everywhere; the number 46. When they visit Gloria at their death bed, they reveal that the number is a reference to Human genetics; 46 is the normal number of chromosomes for humans. After disconnecting themselves from the chair, Rush writes a program to crack the master code, which is a specific gene used by the Ancients.
In the meantime, Destiny drops out of FTL near a planet that contains a ruined city. Greer (Jamil Walker Smith), Scott (Brian J. Smith), Eli (David Blue) and Chloe (Elyse Levesque) explore the ruins. Searching for the civilisation that lived there, the Kino gets lost in a network of tunnels. While looking for it, Greer encounters a giant spider and shoots it, causing the tunnels to collapse. A team led by Vanessa James (Julia Benson) arrives to dig them out, but with little time remaining, they resort to using C4. However, the resulting explosion makes matters worse. Scott orders them to leave. The episode ends with Destiny jumping back to FTL, stranding the four on the planet.
Production
The original title to the episode was "Lucid"; this was changed to "Human" by episode director Robert C. Cooper.
Reception
The episode was initially viewed by 1.313 million live viewers in the United States, resulting in a 0.8 Household rating, a 0.4 among adults 18-49. Carl England of Den of Geek positively received the episode, due to being the first episode to centrally focus on Rush, citing "something I've wanted to happen since day one", and that much of Rush's history before the series wasn't disclosed. The episode was also praised for Carlyle's performance, and the endings of both story lines. However, England was critical with the scenes on the alien planet, stating "the scenes on the alien planet drag it down a little, as the lack of emotion held within do not play well against the heightened emotions of Dr Rush's storyline."
Ramsey Isler of IGN rated "Human" a "great" 8.7 out of 10, calling the episode "a very well written dramatic story". It was praised for Rush's character development, particularly that this was a good "origin story" for the character. Islar was also somewhat critical with the planet scenes, stating that they were "hoping there would be more suspense and maybe some horror-style scares", and found the cliffhanger disappointing. Meredith Woerner from Io9 stated that the episode showed promise and that the episode laced the original Stargate style and banter with raw SGU drama that the series was trying to create. Woerner praised "Human" for Michael Shanks's performance, which they felt brought charisma to the series, as well as Carlyle's performance, particularly the scenes between them and Louise Lombard. However, Woerner had mixed feelings towards Chloe's role in the episode's secondary storyline.
The episode was nominated for three Leo Awards. Robert C. Cooper was nominated for "Best Direction in a Dramatic Series". Also, Michael Blundell was nominated for "Best Cinematography in a Dramatic Series", while Rick Martin was nominated for "Best Picture Editing in a Dramatic Series".
References
External links
"Human" at mgm.com
"Human" at Stargate wikia
Stargate Universe episodes
2010 American television episodes
it:Episodi di Stargate Universe (prima stagione)#Umani
George Gordon Scott (May 11, 1811 – September 7, 1886) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life
They were born in Ballston, New York to James Scott and Mary (Botsford) Scott. They graduated from Union College in 1831. Then they studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1834, and commenced practice in Ballston Spa. They were a Justice of the Peace from 1837 to 1849; and an associate judge of the Saratoga County Court from 1838 to 1840. On January 23, 1839, they married Lucy Pitkin Lee (b. 1814), and they had six children.
They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Saratoga Co., 1st D.) in 1856 and 1857; and of the New York State Senate (15th D.) in 1858 and 1859.
At the New York state election, 1861, they ran on the Democratic ticket for New York State Comptroller but was defeated by Lucius Robinson.
They were Supervisor of the Town of Ballston from 1861 to 1881. They were Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Saratoga County in 1863 and 1876.
They died in Ballston, N.Y., and was buried at the Ballston Spa Village Cemetery.
Congressman James Gordon was their great-uncle.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 442, 482 and 484)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 89ff)
Scott genealogy at Schenectady History
External links
1811 births
1886 deaths
New York (state) state senators
People from Ballston, New York
New York (state) Democrats
Members of the New York State Assembly
Union College (New York) alumni
New York (state) state court judges
Town supervisors in New York (state)
Burials in Saratoga County, New York
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
110 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles
3000 metres steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
4x400 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
Indera Mahkota is a federal constituency in Kuantan District, Pahang, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Indera Mahkota constituency is divided into 24 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Pahang federal constituencies
Streetwise: Tiny Revisited is a photography book by Mary Ellen Mark that was published by Aperture in October 2015. The book is a follow-up to Mark's 1988 book Streetwise.
See also
Streetwise (1984 film)
References
2015 non-fiction books
American non-fiction books
English-language books
Books of photographs
The 2015 season for began in January at the Trofeo Santanyi-Ses Salines-Campos. Team Roompot is a Dutch-registered UCI Professional Continental cycling team that participated in road bicycle racing events on the UCI Continental Circuits and when selected as a wildcard to UCI ProTour events.
Team Roompot's beginnings came in the spring of 2014, when Erik Breukink, who was formerly the manager of the Dutch team , announced that they were seeking to create a new Dutch squad to ride at the UCI Professional Continental level. There were Dutch teams riding at UCI World Tour and UCI Continental levels, but none in the middle tier of professional cycling. Breukink announced their hope that the team would support the development of young Dutch riders. Other people involved in the development of the team included Michael Boogerd, Jean-Paul van Poppel and Michael Zijlaard.
While the team was under development, it was known as Orange Cycling in reference to the national colour of the Netherlands. The team sought sponsorship from several companies, but most prominently from Roompot Vakanties. Another Dutch team, WorldTour team , were also seeking a new title sponsor and were seen as in direct competition with Orange Cycling for the Roompot sponsorship.
On 13 August 2014, it was announced that Roompot had decided to sponsor the Orange Cycling project, apparently in part because the intention only to sign Dutch riders matched Roompot's marketing strategy. The following day, the team announced its first rider, Johnny Hoogerland, who had previously ridden for another Dutch team, .
Roster
Riders who joined the team for the 2015 season
Season victories
References
External links
2015 road cycling season by team
Brownout is the only studio album of American band Headset.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Headset
Personnel
Ryan Kirk - vocals, guitar, keyboards, digital editor on "Disconnexion"
Taylor Stacy - bass, backing vocals
Sean Furlong - drums
Chris Fudurich - keyboards, digital editing
Jim Goodwin - producer
Adam Beilenson and Michael Kerns - executive producers
John F. Matousek - mastering
Alex Patsavas - additional vocals
Brad Kluck - additional vocals
David Frankham - additional vocals
Jackie Vic - additional vocals
Daniel Meyer - guitar solo
2000 albums
This is a list of yearly Ohio Athletic Conference football standings.
Ohio Athletic Conference football standings
1902–1936 era
References
Standings
Ohio Athletic Conference football standings
The Bangor City Forest also known as the Rolland F. Perry City Forest is a large recreation area in Bangor, Maine. The park consists of approximately and features close to of hiking, cycling, and cross-country skiing trails. The trail system is well maintained and most trails are packed gravel. Although primarily a recreational area, it is technically a "working forest."
The park has a large parking and picnic area located at the end of Tripp Drive. Additional parking is available at the end of Kittredge Road.
The entrance to the Orono Bog Boardwalk, a one-mile (1.6 km) boardwalk over the Orono Bog, is located on East Trail approximately from the parking area. The boardwalk is handicapped accessible.
External links
Orono Bog Boardwalk
Bangor City Forest Report
Bangor, Maine
Protected areas of Penobscot County, Maine
Tourist attractions in Bangor, Maine
East Campus is a collection of buildings and facilities situated on the hilltop campus that is the original site of Western Michigan University. It includes some of WMU's athletic facilities including Waldo Stadium, Hyames Field, Ebert Field and the Donald Seelye Athletic Center. The campus sits on the top of Prospect Hill, which overlooks the city of Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Most of the academic and administrative functions of the university have moved to West Campus. Walwood Union was renovated in 1992 and converted into administrative offices. WMU has found limited uses for East Hall and the rest of historic East Campus.
History
The original tract of land on which the Western State Normal School was built was donated by the City of Kalamazoo. It consisted of on Prospect Hill, overlooking the city, accessible either by walking up from Davis Street on the east or via Asylum Road (now known as Oakland Drive). The first building, the Administration Building (East Hall), was completed and occupied on September 1, 1905. John Charles Olmsted of the renowned Olmsted Brothers landscape firm had devised a landscape and planting plan for the new campus. The plan was well received, but financial considerations prevented it from being implemented. By 1909 two wings had been added to the first building.
Further buildings were erected on the Prospect Hill until the university began to construct its West Campus in the late 1940s. Many aspects of East Campus were left "as is" during the move to the West Campus, with many undesirable items simply left behind. This includes anything from old announcements and bulletins left hanging on the walls to old audio/visual equipment. The 1970 campus plan's only defined plan for East Campus was for the maintenance and athletics facilities along Stadium Drive and for "park areas" along Davis Street.
Some of the space was used by university's Art Department for studio use and occasional faculty office space. East Hall housed the Western Michigan University Archives in the old school gymnasium. There was little to no renovation to the original gym, as the original floor was intact, along with fitness ropes that hung from the ceiling.
East Hall was listed with the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, and the East Campus was placed on the register in 1990 as the Western State Normal School Historic District.
Both of these historic places were delisted by NRHP on March 7, 2017.
With the construction of the Richmond Center for the Visual Arts, artist's studios were no longer located in East Hall, leaving only the University's archives collection located in East Hall until moving to the new Charles C. and Lynn L. Zhang Legacy Collections Center in 2013.
In December 2012, WMU announced plans to demolish several of the historic buildings in Summer 2013. Demolition included the following buildings:
East Hall (north and south wings)
West Hall
North Hall
Speech and Hearing Building
A new parking lot and green space areas was planned to replace the razed buildings.
The Friends of Historical East Campus and Students For East Campus attempted to save the original buildings on Prospect Hill which were not used to capacity and required renovations suitable for the next projected use of the buildings. This site on Prospect Hill is an historically significant site to the City of Kalamazoo as well as a well placed landmark visible from many parts of the city. Neglect of vegetation near the apex of Prospect Hill obscured the view of the majestic buildings.
In August 2013 West Hall and the Speech and Hearing building on WMU's East Campus were demolished. The original portion of East Hall was retained, but North Hall and the two side wings of East Hall came down. East Hall reopened in 2015 as Heritage Hall, home to the WMU Alumni Center. In addition to the renovation of East Hall, the portico of North Hall was preserved and positioned just north of East Hall.
Buildings
The campus currently includes the following buildings and facilities (erection date in parentheses):
East Hall (1904) - Partially Demolished
Walwood Union (1938)
Waldo Stadium (1939)
Hyames Field (1939)
Vandercook Hall (1940)
Spindler Hall (1940)
Oakland Recital Hall (1942)
Ebert Field (1979)
Donald Seelye Athletic Center (2003)
Former buildings and facilities:
West Hall (1915-2014)
North Hall (1925-2014)
Oakland Gymnasium (1925-2001)
Speech and Hearing Building (1939-2014)
Mechanical Trades Building (1941-2002)
Western Trolley
From the beginning, access to the Prospect Hill site was an issue because of the steep grade elevating it above the city. In 1907, funds were appropriated for an electric railway. "Normal's Railroad", or the "Western Trolley", carried people up and down the hill from its base on Davis Street to the summit at the grassy lawn between East and North Halls. It operated until 1949, by which time the campus was moving in new directions and the automobile was making inroads as the preferred method of travel.
References
External links
Friends of East Campus
Western Michigan University
Western Michigan Broncos men's basketball
Buildings and structures in Kalamazoo, Michigan
Former National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
CSL Tecumseh is a self-unloading Panamax bulk carrier that entered service with Canada Steamship Lines (CSL) in 2013. The ship is currently registered in Nassau, Bahamas.
Design and description
CSL Tecumseh is the second of three sister ships of the s of the Panamax sub class. The ship has a gross tonnage of 43,691 tonnes and a deadweight tonnage of 71,319 tonnes. The ship is long overall with a beam of . The ship has a maximum draught of and a depth of .
The bulk carrier has a hold capacity of and an boom for self-discharging.
Construction and career
CSL Tecumseh was built by Chengxi Shipyard in Jiangyin, China with the yard number 9703. They were completed in May 2013. The ship was delivered to CSL on 2 May 2013 and they began their maiden voyage on 7 May from China to Port McNeill, British Columbia, where they loaded a cargo of aggregates, to San Francisco, California.
References
Bulk carriers
Canada Steamship Lines
Ships built in China
2012 ships
Rezső Somogyi (27 July 1887 – 28 November 1975) was a Hungarian wrestler. They competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1887 births
1975 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Hungary
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Somogy County
Sok Chanraksmey (, born 10 January 1992) is a former Cambodian footballer who last played for Asia Euro United in the Cambodian League.
International career
They made their senior international debut on 24 March 2013 in a 2014 AFC Challenge Cup qualification match against the Philippines. They scored their first international goal in a friendly match against Malaysia. They scored all three goals for their country in 2014 AFF Suzuki Cup qualification match against Timor-Leste which their country came behind to win that match 3-2.
International goals
Honours
Club
Svay Rieng
Cambodian League: 2013
Hun Sen Cup: 2011, 2012
National Defense Ministry
Hun Sen Cup: 2016
Individual
Hun Sen Cup Top scorer: 2008
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Cambodian footballers
Cambodia international footballers
Angkor Tiger FC players
Květa Peschke and Rennae Stubbs were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Yung-jan Chan and Chia-jung Chuang won in the final 2–6, 7–5, 10–4, against Eva Hrdinová and Vladimíra Uhlířová.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Draw
East West Bank Classic
Doubles
East West Bank Classic - Doubles
Patrik Vostárek (born 3 May 1989) is a Czech motorcycle racer who has competed in the 125cc World Championship, the European Superstock 600 Championship, the Supersport World Championship and the Moto2 World Championship. In 2011 they won the Czech Supersport Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Czech motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Prague
Haut Atlas Oriental National Park (French: Parc National du Haut Atlas Oriental) is located in Morocco. It covers in and near the eastern High Atlas mountains. Parts of the park have been designated as a protected Ramsar site since 2005.
The park was established to preserve cultural values along with its populations of Barbary sheep, Cuvier's Gazelle, birds, amphibians, reptiles, and vegetation.
A proposed National Park, this site covers 55,252 ha of the High Atlas between Midelt and Er Rachidia. The base rock consists of limestone with some igneous intrusions. The site ranges in altitude from 1,645 m in the bed of the Oued Arheddou to 3,102 m at the summit of Jbel Tanrhourt. At its western end it includes the twin lakes of Isli and Tislit, near Imilchil. The northern slopes enjoy an annual precipitation of 400–600 mm, and are consequently well-wooded, while the southern slopes are drier, receiving only 200–300 mm, and are more open. Winter snows are abundant and long-lasting at the higher elevations. On the northern side, woody vegetation consists of dense cedar (Cedrus atlantica) and pine (Pinus pinaster maghrebiana) forests, oak (Quercus rotundifolia) woodland, open Juniperus thurifera woodland and, at lower altitudes, some Pinus halepensis. The mountain summits and high plateaus support xerophytic steppe vegetation, and there is some grassland in wetter areas. On the southern slopes cedar woodland is disappearing, but sparse oak and pine woodland persists. Steppe vegetation is predominant, dominated by Stipa tenacissima at lower altitudes.
Footnotes
References
Parc National du Haut Atlas Oriental. Birdlife International. Accessed 2011-11-15.
National parks of Morocco
Ramsar sites in Morocco
Geography of Béni Mellal-Khénifra
Geography of Drâa-Tafilalet
Exiles of Time is a science fiction novel by American writer Nelson S. Bond. It was first published in book form in 1949 by Prime Press in an edition of 2,112 copies, of which 112 were signed, numbered and slipcased. The novel first appeared in the magazine Blue Book in May 1940.
Plot introduction
After a strange bloodstone amulet is found in an ancient Arabian tomb by archaeologists, the native employees of the expedition attack the others when they refuse to leave. One of the archaeologists, Lance Vidor, seeks refuge in the tomb, where they are transported to a different point in the time circle of Earth. Vidor finds others who have been summoned to the time period for the purpose of saving the Earth from an oncoming comet.
Reception
P. Schuyler Miller, calling Bond a "born storyteller," declared the novel "may be corn to the elect, but it will probably be more like corn squeezins to the neophytes." Fanzine reviewer Thomas A. Carter found Exiles to be "an absorbing adventure fantasy."
References
Sources
1949 American novels
1949 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Works by Nelson S. Bond
Works originally published in Blue Book (magazine)
The Volkswagen Zwickau-Mosel Plant () is an automobile factory, which was founded on 26 September 1990 in today's Zwickau district of Mosel and together with the Chemnitz plant and the Transparent Factory belongs to Volkswagen Sachsen based in Zwickau. Currently (as of spring 2019), the Zwickau plant has about 8,000 employees. Signalling a milestone the last combustion vehicle was produced on 26 June 2020.
History
With the founding of Horch and Audi in 1904 and 1909 respectively, Zwickau became the cradle of the Saxon automobile industry. Due to the traditions of automotive engineering in the region and because of the skilled workers potential, Volkswagen decided as the first large enterprise of the Federal Republic to build up a completely new work in Saxony and provided for its considerable investments. As a result, other investors settled in the region.
Already in the final phase of the GDR the Trabant 1.1 was built in the northern Zwickau suburb of Mosel from 1989 with a four-cylinder four-stroke engine manufactured under VW license. The production was discontinued in 1991, because parallel to this one the mass production of the Volkswagen Polo Mk2 had already started on 21 May 1990 in the Mosel factory. On 15 February 1991, the production of the Volkswagen Golf Mk2 began parallel to the Polo production, whose successor is still produced today in the Zwickau plant. The suburb Mosel was incorporated into Zwickau on 1 January 1999. In 2007, they officially introduced the new factory designation Volkswagen-Fahrzeugwerk Zwickau.
Since production began in 1990, around 6 million Volkswagen vehicles have been delivered. In 2010, 1,350 vehicles of the VW model series Golf and Passat left the production lines of the Volkswagen plant every day. With 250,000 vehicles, 2010 was a record result. In addition, there are the bodies for the luxury class vehicles Phaeton and Bentley Continental GT, which are completely painted with special transporters in the "Transparent Factory" Dresden or after Crewe in England. Since 2001, around 100,000 bodies have been produced for the Phaeton and Bentley Continental series (50,000 each). Since 2017, bodies for the Bentley Bentayga and since 2018 bodies for the Lamborghini Urus have been produced at the Zwickau plant.
On May 11, 2004, the festive event for the 100th anniversary of the founding of Horch. High-ranking persons from politics and economics appreciated the scientific and technical achievements of the carmakers from southwest Saxony in their greetings.
Directly adjacent is also a factory of the supplier GKN Driveline.
In 2019, the factory was completely converted to the production of electric cars. The last internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicle rolled off the Zwickau plant in 26 June 2020. The car is a seventh generation Golf R Estate with 2.0-litre petrol engine in Oryx White Pearl Effect. It is the 9,512,001th ICE vehicle produced in the plant, effectively ended 116 years of ICE vehicle assembly in Zwickau-Mosel.
Current production
References
External links
Volkswagen Sachsen GmbH
Volkswagen Sachsen GmbH Zwickau Plant, VW Newsroom, February 2021, .pdf file with info
Volkswagen Group factories
Zwickau
Motor vehicle assembly plants in Germany
1990 establishments in East Germany
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asked for the creation of an online forum for State Department employees to submit ideas directly to the Secretary. The Sounding Board was an intranet blog developed and launched in February 2009 by staff from the State Department's Office of eDiplomacy.
The platform metrics soon generated 27,000 pages views a month and serves as a global water cooler for a workforce spread around the planet. It has served as a platform for brain-storming ideas and crowd sourcing non-policy solutions.
Employee response to the online forum varied from enthusiasm to concern for maintaining confidentiality and decorum. Some contributors to the Sounding Board expressed worry that public airing of internal discussion might embarrass the Department of State; comments that were subsequently published in Washington Post reporter Al Kamen's column "In The Loop".
The Sounding Board was an internal platform (discussion forum) for State Department employees to exchange ideas, while DipNote is the Secretary of State's blog on the internet. The use of social media was seen as essential for 21st century diplomacy. The Department of State was "integrating social media into the job descriptions of all the foreign service officers", says New Media Director Katie Dowd.
The Sounding Board was ended on August 31, 2017.
Other media references
Hillary Clinton Launches E-Suggestion Box
Federal News Radio: How to integrate social media into your agency, August 16, 2011, interview with Sounding Board program manager Kerry O'Connor
Critiques
Everything Is Broken: My Two Years at the U.S. Department of State: An excerpt that discusses the Sounding Board: "As an important side note, before resigning to attend graduate school in the summer of 2010, I had the chance to meet one-on-one with a high-level manager (and now ambassador) involved in oversight of the Sounding Board. They stated that the Sounding Board, which had been sold to us as a bottom-up tool for employee ideas in early 2009, was primarily a "cathartic" outlet for employees. Someone might want to explain that to the mass of State employees who cropped up to suggest specific, often in-depth ideas online—over 1,500 by the summer of last year. Indeed, when I left there was no meaningful process in place to review and take appropriate action to either reject or on some levels adopt these employee suggestions."
See also
DipNote
Diplopedia
References
United States Department of State
Josef Šváb (born 8 June 1933) is a Czech former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1933 births
Living people
Czech male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Czechoslovakia
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Plzeň
Nuyorican Soul is an American music group from New York City, New York. It was formed by Little Louie Vega and Kenny "Dope" Gonzalez.
In 1996, the group released "Runaway". The single reached number one on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart and the UK Dance Singles Chart. In 1997, the group released a studio album, Nuyorican Soul. It featured guest appearances from George Benson, Roy Ayers, Tito Puente, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Jocelyn Brown, Vincent Montana Jr., Salsoul Orchestra, and India. It peaked at number 25 on the UK Albums Chart. A 2006 reissue version of the album includes an additional bonus disc.
Discography
Studio albums
Nuyorican Soul (1997)
Compilation albums
The Remixes (1998)
Singles
"The Nervous Track" (1993)
"Mind Fluid" (1996)
"Runaway" (1996)
"You Can Do It (Baby)" (1996)
"It's Alright, I Feel It!" (1997)
"I Am the Black Gold of the Sun" (1997)
"I Love the Nightlife (Disco 'Round)" (1998)
References
External links
American musical duos
Record production duos
Talkin' Loud artists
The West Siberian broadleaf and mixed forests, also known as the Western Siberian hemiboreal forests, is an ecoregion (WWF ID: PA0444) in Russia. It consists of a thin band of mixed forest along the southernmost edge of the West Siberian taiga (coniferous forests) in Western Siberia, and north of the forest steppe belt. The biodiversity of the zone is the highest in Siberia, due to its transitional position between many different ecoregions. The area acts as a long corridor for migration of animals along the east-west axis. The ecoregion is in the Palearctic realm, with a Humid Continental climate. It covers .
Location and description
The ecoregion is an east-west strip, stretching from Chelyabinsk in the west to Krasnoyarsk in the east. The zone is only from north to south. The Ob River and Irtysh River, and tributaries of those rivers, cross the region from south to north. The southeast of the region breaks up into low mountains.
Climate
The region has a Humid continental climate (cool summer sub-type). The cool summer subtype is characterized by mild summers (no month averaging over 22 C), cold winters and less precipitation than the hot summer sub-type. Mean temperatures range from -24° C (January) to +25° C (August). Average annual precipitation is 390 mm.
Flora and fauna
The forests of the region are dominated by Siberian fir (Abies sibirica), Siberian spruce (Picea obovata), Siberian pine (Pinus sibirica), Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), and small-leafed Linden (Tilia cordata). Recently, grassy areas have been covered by more Silver birch (Betula pendula) and Aspen (Populus tremula). About 20 percent of the region is swamp, most of which are eutropic. The canopy in these areas is White birch (Betula alba).
Protections
There are no large federally protected areas in the ecoregion, and it has been heavily affected by human activities.
See also
List of ecoregions in Russia
References
Ecoregions of Russia
Ecoregions of Asia
Palearctic ecoregions
Temperate broadleaf and mixed forests
The Lowell Institute (est. 1836) is an educational foundation in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, providing for free public lectures, and endowed by the bequest of $237,000 left by John Lowell, Jr., who died in 1836. The Institute had an unusual mode of governance: a single trustee who was empowered to appoint their successor and who was, in the language of Lowell's will, "always choose in preference to all others some male descendant of my grandfather, John Lowell, provided there be one who is competent to hold the office of trustee, and of the name of Lowell".
Having been extremely successful for more than a century, audiences for Lowell Institute began to wane, and the newly appointed Trustee, Ralph Lowell, in co-operation with Harvard President James B. Conant founded the public radio station WGBH Boston in hopes of reaching larger audiences. WGBH Boston evolved under Ralph Lowell's, and Lowell's son John's, direction to become what it is today.
Trustees
John Lowell, Jr., (1814–1836)
John Amory Lowell, (1836–1881)
Augustus Lowell, (1881–1900)
A. Lawrence Lowell, (1900–1943)
Ralph Lowell, (1943–1978)
John Lowell (business person), (1978–2011)
William A. Lowell (attorney and Practice Group Leader with Choate Hall & Stewart LLP) (2011-)
Portrait Gallery
See also
Lowell Institute
Lowell family
References
External links
WGBH Boston www.wgbh.org
Public lectures page at forum-network.org
The Historic Genealogy of the Lowells of America from 1639 to 1899
List of Trustees of Lowell Institute
Arulmigu Solaimalai Murugan Temple is a Hindu temple, located about 25 kilometres north of Madurai, Tamilnadu, India atop a hill covered with dense forests. One of the six important abodes (Arupadaiveedu) of Lord Muruga of Madurai District Entrance of the temple come under Madurai And Entire Prahara Belong to Madurai District of Tamilnadu, it is close to the Vishnu temple of Azhagar Kovil.
The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Location
Pazhamudircholai is a fertile hill, blessed with nature's bounty in the form of innumerable fruits, vegetables and natural springs. It is a dense forest where Valli is supposed to have lived. The temple itself is relatively small with Valli, Deivayanai, and Lord Muruga in a separate shrine. Lord Ganesha is also present in a separate shrine. There is a Temple Tower and monkeys play around the area. There is another small temple above Pazhamudhir Cholai where local tribes lead their lives.
Although there are hundreds of Temples in Tamil Nadu for Lord Muruga, six particular temples called Arupadaiveedu are very famous among them. Important events in Lord Muruga's history happened in these places.
Among the Arupadaiveedu, Pazhamudircholai is the last. Lord Muruga at Pazhamudircholai is praised in several works of old Tamil literature such as the Silappathikaram, the Ettuthokai and the Pattupattu.
One can reach Pazhamudircholai by car, van, two-wheeler or bus. From Madurai one can catch the bus on route number 44 to reach it. There is a bus shuttle every 20 minutes from the foot of the hill to the Temple. It takes approximately 15 minutes (3.4 km) to reach the temple.
Gallery
References
Hindu temples in Madurai district
Hindu temples in Madurai
Murugan temples in Tamil Nadu
Tourist attractions in Madurai
Buildings and structures in Madurai
Religious buildings and structures in Madurai
Kaumaram
Merete Jul Ries (11 October 1938 - 25 May 2018) was a Danish publisher and editor. They entered the publishing literature when they joined the Gyldendal publishing house in 1966 and served as its publishing editor from 1968 until they were made redundant in 1980. Ries was an editor at the publishing house between 1981 and 1982 and then established the publishing house in 1982. They established a Danish news magazine called OMverden in 1991 and was an editor from 1993 to 2001, working on The History of Nordic Women's Literature and Dansk kvindebiografisk leksikon.
Biography
They were born Merete Jul Ries in Copenhagen on 11 October 1938.  They are the daughter of the haulage driver Martin Jul Jensen and the nurse Inger Else Fenneberg. Ries was brought up by their mother. In 1957, they enrolled at the end then studied Danish at the University of Copenhagen. Ries interrupted their education when they relocated to England and got married. They went back to Denmark with their young child in 1966, and they found employment working as a substitute teacher at a primary school. That same year, Ries came into contact with the author and childhood friend , and began their career in the publishing industry by joining the Gyldendal publishing house. Two years later, they became Gyldenadal's publishing editor. Ries earned the reputation of a "down-to-earth and committed and to sometimes loudspeaker employee".
In 1972, they entered into the world of women's literature and was instrumental in getting the first neo-feminist novel Hvad tænkte egentlig Arendse written by published. Ries was sacked from Gyldenadal in 1980 as part of an austerity measure at the publishing house with 41 authors writing an open letter in protest of the decision. From 1981 to 1982, they worked at the publishing house as an editor. Ries established the publishing house at their home in Charlottenlund as a private limited company in 1982. Within a sport period of time, several publications contributed to the positive reputation of the publishing house, and became internationally known when the Peter Høeg book Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow was published in 1992. They also made the people of Denmark become familiar with the authors Jens Christian Grøndahl, Arundhati Roy and Jung Chang. In 1987, Ries won the , and also translated the works of authors such as Nelson Mandela, Virginia Wolff, Herbert Marcuse and Doris Lessing.
Ries became editor-in-chief of the publishing publisher Forlaget Munksgaard in collaboration with their own publishing house Rosinante & Co in 1989. In 1991, they setup the Danish news magazine OMverden focused on politics. Ries edited the five-volume series The History of Nordic Women's Literature from 1993 to 1998, and Dansk kvindebiografisk leksikon in 2000 and 2001. They served as chair of the Ministry of Culture's literature committee from 1993 to 1994, in which they oversaw the establishment of three years later. In 1998, Ries re-purchased the Rosinante & Co publishing house from Munksgaard, where they became Munksgaard's literary director, and then merged it into Gyldendal in the same year. They served as director Rosinante Forlag A / S with Gyldendal as co-owner between 1999 and 2002 and as the sole owner from 2000. Between 2003 and 2014, Ries operated their own publishing house which was called Ries Forlag that published a few books per year.
Personal life
They were firstly married to the lecturer Paul R. from 1963 to 1967. Ries had their only child during the marriage. They remarried to the department head Jørgen Jakobsen in 1973. Ries died on the morning of 25 May 2018.
Analysis
Jakob Malling Lambert described Ries as having a "special ability to find the right word, which manifested itself in a bubbly humor and a sharp tongue. And then they rarely had a nose for literature and a sense of language." Michael Hertz in Ries' entry in the Dansk kvindebiografisk leksikon write they did not "make populism their religion" and they supported "the elite culture" and allowed the market to be left to "entertainment literature to others who are more skilled than they are in that field."
References
1938 births
2018 deaths
Writers from Copenhagen
Women print editors
Women book publishers (people)
20th-century Danish women writers
21st-century Danish women
Chief executives in the publishing industry
20th-century Danish women educators
University of Copenhagen alumni
was one of 10 s built for the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War I. While operating in the Aegean Sea, Sakaki was torpedoed by an Austro-Hungarian U-boat in 1917.
Design and description
The Kaba-class destroyers were improved versions of the preceding . They displaced at normal load and at deep load. The ships had a length between perpendiculars of and an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . The Kabas were powered by three vertical triple-expansion steam engines, each driving one shaft using steam produced by four Kampon water-tube boilers. Two boilers burned a mixture of coal and fuel oil while the other pair only used oil. The engines produced a total of that gave the ships maximum speeds of . They carried a maximum of of coal and of oil which gave them a range of at speeds of . Their crew consisted of 92 officers and ratings.
The main armament of the Kaba-class ships consisted of single quick-firing (QF) guns located on the bows. They were also armed with four QF guns on single mounts. Two guns were positioned abreast the middle funnel, one gun was on the aft superstructure and the fourth gun was on the stern. The destroyers' torpedo armament consisted of two twin rotating mounts for torpedoes located between the superstructure and the stern gun.
Construction and career
Sakaki was launched on 15 February 1915 at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal and completed on 26 March. During World War I the ship patrolled the area around Singapore and later served as a convoy escort in the Mediterranean Sea.
While part of the Imperial Japanese 2nd Special Squadron helping Allies patrol in the Mediterranean Sakaki was torpedoed by the Austro-Hungarian submarine on 11 June 1917 in the Aegean Sea between Greece and Crete with the loss of 68 of their 92 ratings, including their commander. They were salvaged and repaired. The Japanese Naval Memorial at Kalkara Naval Cemetery in Malta commemorates the casualties of the attack. Sakaki was stricken from the navy list in November 1931, decommissioned on 1 April 1932 and subsequently broken up.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Kaba-class destroyers
World War I destroyers of Japan
Ships built by Sasebo Naval Arsenal
Japan–Malta relations
1915 ships
Azizabad (, also Romanized as ʿAzīzābād) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Kristian Magdalon Bing (30 May 1862 – 6 July 1935) was a Norwegian jurist, author and mountaineer.  They are commonly credited for re-introducing the tradition of celebrating Olsok (1897) and reviving it as an annual ceremony commemorating the death of St. Olav at Stiklestad.
Biography
Bing was born in Bergen, Norway. Their parents were Lars Hess Bing (1833-1870) and Christine Marie Ingebrechtsen (1837-1935). They father was a judge in Sunnhordland. Bing earned a law degree and starting practicing in their hometown in 1891 after serving a year as editor at the newspaper Bergens Tidende. They were also a writer perhaps most associated with the work, Guttekorpsene i Bergen from 1889.
Bing was a pioneer in climbing in Norway, and made several first ascents of mountains and glaciers. They were a capable mountaineer and the first on a number of peaks and glaciers between Finnmark and Folgefonna. The ice phenomenon Bings Gryte at the Jostedalsbreen glacier is named after him.
In 1910, they discovered the rock carvings at Vingen in Sogn og Fjordane. These were the first rock carvings with hunting motifs discovered in Norway. They were looking for a site they where they could access hydropower from the waterfalls in the area. In 1913, Kristian Bing purchased the property. They retained rights to several large waterfalls but subsequently sold the site where most rock carvings are located to the Bergen Museum in 1923.
Personal life
In 1915, they married Unni Mette Ingebrigtsen (1878-1966). They were the grandfather of law professor and science fiction author, Jon Bing.
Selected works
Guttekorpsene i Bergen (1889)
Dræggens linjekorps historie (1906)
Nordnæs linjekorps og bataljons historie (1908)
Olsoktradition (1919)
References
1862 births
1935 deaths
Lawyers from Bergen
Norwegian mountain climbers
20th-century Norwegian writers
Sportspeople from Bergen
Journalists from Bergen
George William Curtis (February 24, 1824 – August 31, 1892) was an American writer and public speaker born in Providence, Rhode Island. An early Republican, they spoke in favor of African-American equality and civil rights both before and after the Civil War.
Early life and education
Curtis, the son of George and Mary Elizabeth (Burrill) Curtis, was born in Providence on February 24, 1824. Their mother died when they were two. Their maternal grandfather, James Burrill Jr., served in the United States Senate representing Rhode Island from 1817 to 1820.
At six they were sent with their elder brother to school in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, where they remained for five years. Then, their father having again married happily, the boys were brought home to Providence, where they stayed till, in around 1839, their father moved to New York. Three years later, Curtis, fell in sympathy with the spirit of the Transcendental movement. They joined the communal experiment known as Brook Farm from 1842 to 1843. They were accompanied by their brother, James Burrill Curtis, whose influence on them was strong and helpful. They remained there for two years, and met many interesting men and women. Then came two years, passed partly in New York, partly in Concord, Massachusetts, in order mainly to be in the friendly neighborhood of Ralph Waldo Emerson, and then followed four years spent in Europe, Egypt and Syria.
They married Anna Shaw Curtis at the Unitarian Church of the Redeemer in 1856. Curtis, another New England transplant to Staten Island, was a founding member of the Unitarian Church of Staten Island (originally the Unitarian Church of the Redeemer), an author, editor of Putnam's Magazine, and columnist for Harper's Weekly. They were an abolitionist and supporter of civil rights for African Americans and Native Americans. They also advocated women's suffrage, civil service reform, and public education.
The Curtis and Shaw families, rooted as they were in the liberal soil of New England, counted Emerson, Nathaniel Hawthorne and Henry David Thoreau among their close associates.
The Underground Railroad was in use during the 1850s to help runaway slaves, and it is believed that the Curtises and the Shaws were very involved in the Railroad. The Shaw sisters, Anna and Josephine, and their mother, Sarah Sturgis, also spearheaded local efforts to help during the Civil War. George Curtis was targeted by Southern sympathizers, and Anna and their three children left Staten Island temporarily during the New York City draft riots in 1863 for the safety of their grandparents' home in Roxbury, Massachusetts.
Career
Curtis returned from Europe in 1850, attractive, accomplished, and ambitious for literary distinction. They settled on Staten Island and instantly plunged into the whirl of life in New York, obtained a post on the New-York Tribune, became a popular lecturer, started work on Nile Notes of a Howadji (1851), and became a favorite in society. They wrote for Putnam's Magazine which they helped George Palmer Putnam to found. They became an associate editor along with Parke Godwin and managing editor Charles Frederick Briggs; the three also collaborated on a gift book called The Homes of American Authors (1853).
Curtis produced a number of volumes, composed of essays written for Putnam's and for Harper's Weekly, which came in rapid succession from their pen. The chief of these were the Potiphar Papers (1853), a satire on the fashionable society of the day; and Prue and I (1856), a pleasantly sentimental, fancifully tender and humorous study of life. In 1855 they married Anna Shaw, daughter of abolitionist Francis Shaw and sister of Robert Gould Shaw of the famed 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry. Not long afterwards they became, through no fault of their own, deeply involved in debt owing to the failure of Putnam's Magazine; and their sense of honour compelled them to spend the greater part of their earnings for many years on discharging the obligations for which they had become responsible, and from which they might have freed themselves by legal process. In the period just preceding the Civil War, other interests became subordinate to those of national concern. They were involved in the founding of the Republican Party, and made their first important speech on the questions of the day at Wesleyan University in 1856; they engaged actively in John C. Fremont's presidential campaign of 1856 (the Republican campaign headquarters were located not far from their Staten Island home), and was soon recognized not only as an effective public speaker, but also as one of the ablest, most high-minded, and most trustworthy leaders of public opinion.
In 1862 George William Curtis delivered their "Doctrine of Liberty" address to the Phi Beta Kappa Society at Harvard, on behalf of President Abraham Lincoln, who was encouraging support for the Emancipation Proclamation. In it, they laid out the intellectual foundations for the purpose of American education that would last another 30 years, and public schools, nearly 100 years.
In 1863 they became the political editor of Harper's Weekly, which was highly influential in shaping public opinion. Curtis's writing was always clear and direct, displaying fairness of mind and good temper. They had high moral standards. From month to month they contributed to Harper's Magazine, under the title of "The Easy Chair," brief essays on topics of social and literary interest, charming in style, touched with delicate humour and instinct with generous spirit. Their service to the Republican party was such, that they were offered several nominations to office, and might have been sent as minister to England; but they refused all such offers, preferring to serve the country as editor and public speaker.
In 1871 they were appointed, by President Ulysses S. Grant, to chair the commission on the reform of the civil service. Its report was the foundation of every effort since made for the purification and regulation of the service and for the destruction of political patronage. From that time Curtis was the leader in this reform, and its progress is mainly due to him. They were president of the National Civil Service Reform League and of the New York Civil Service Reform Association. In 1884 they refused to support James G. Blaine as candidate for the presidency, and thus broke with the Republican party, of which they had been a founder and leader. From that time they stood as the typical independent in politics. In April 1892 they delivered at Baltimore their eleventh annual address as president of the National Civil Service Reform League, and in May they appeared for the last time in public, to repeat in New York an address on James Russell Lowell, which they had first delivered in Brooklyn on the 22nd of the preceding February, the anniversary of Lowell's birth.
Curtis was one of the original members of the Board of Education for what would become New York City, and advocated educational reforms. They were a member of and frequent speaker at the Unitarian Church on Staten Island (the congregation still meets in the same building). A high school not far from their home is named for him.  They are also immortalized with an annual namesake oratorical prize awarded by Columbia College of Columbia University.
Works
Notes of a Howadji (1851)
The Howadji in Syria (1852)
Lotus-Eating (1852)
Potiphar Papers (1853) (Project Gutenberg text)
The Duty of the American Scholar to Politics and the Times (1856)
Prue and I (1856) (Project Gutenberg text)
Trumps (1862)
Washington Irving: A Sketch (1891)
Essays from the Easy Chair (1893) (Project Gutenberg text)
Orations And Addresses (1894)
Literary and Social Essays (1895) (Project Gutenberg text)
Early Letters of George Wm. Curtis to John S. Dwight: Brook Farm and Concord (1898) (Project Gutenberg text)
Ars Recte Vivendi (1898)
See also
Curtis High School on Staten Island is named for him. It was built in 1904.
Notes
Attribution
References
George William Curtis, by Edward Cary, in the American Men of Letters series (Boston, 1894)
An Epistle to George William Curtis, by James Russell Lowell (1874–1887), in Lowell's Poems
George William Curtis, a Commemorative Address delivered before The Century Association, December 17, 1892, by Parke Godwin (New York, 1893)
Orations and Addresses by George William Curtis, edited by Charles Eliot Norton (5 vols. New York, 1894).
Galahad in the Gilded Age: A Life of George William Curtis, Linda Dowling. 528 pp. (United States: Xlibris, 2021)
External links
George William Curtis Papers (MS Am 1124.5-1124.8) at Houghton Library, Harvard University.
1824 births
1892 deaths
19th-century American essayists
19th-century American journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American non-fiction writers
19th-century Unitarians
Activists for African-American civil rights
American abolitionists
American essayists
American magazine editors
American male essayists
American male journalists
American male non-fiction writers
American satirists
American suffragists
American Unitarians
Civil service reform in the United States
Comedians from New York (state)
Journalists from New York City
Native Americans' rights activists
New York (state) Republicans
People from Jamaica Plain
People from Livingston, Staten Island
Rhode Island Republicans
Writers from Boston
Writers from Providence, Rhode Island
Harper's Weekly editors
KPJK (channel 60) is a non-commercial independent television station licensed to San Mateo, California, United States, serving the San Francisco Bay Area. Owned by Northern California Public Media (not to be confused with Northern California Public Broadcasting), it is sister to PBS member station KRCB (channel 22) and NPR member stations KRCB-FM (104.9) and KRCG-FM (91.1). KPJK's studios are located on West Hillsdale Boulevard on the campus of the College of San Mateo in southwestern San Mateo, and its transmitter is located atop Sutro Tower in San Francisco.
KPJK operates 24 hours a day with programming coming from American Public Television and other independent producers. Previously, the station was owned by the College of San Mateo, and operated as KCSM-TV.
History
The KCSM stations were originally established by the College of San Mateo as college radio and student television station training facilities for radio and television broadcasters. Many well-known media personalities were educated at CSM, including tabloid television reporter Steve Wilson, San Francisco Giants announcer Jon Miller and K101 on-air personality Jeff Serr.
Between 1964 and 1980, CSM offered a full range of courses in broadcasting and broadcast electronics, unusual for a community college; they were much more extensive than better known four-year university programs. The television station and its companion FM radio outlet were staffed and operated by students. This was discontinued in the 1980s, and today KCSM is operated by professional broadcasters.
Television
KCSM-TV first signed on the air on October 12, 1964; the station was founded by Dr. Jacob H. Wiens, chair of the electronics department at the College of San Mateo. It was originally a member station of National Educational Television until 1970, when that service was succeeded by the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). During its early years, broadcasting on channel 14, it operated on campus from black and white studios with 13,800 watts of power from a transmitter at the college, comparable to today's low-power stations. In 1979, KCSM reached a deal with Spanish International Network station KDTV to begin operating from its full-power color facilities and moved to channel 60 atop San Bruno Mountain's Radio Peak on March 5, 1979, KDTV subsequently moved to UHF channel 14.
KCSM ceased regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 60, on May 15, 2004, due to a costly rent increase for full-power transmitter space. The station ran a billboard for the next several days advising viewers that they would only operate its digital signal from then on, though it continues to be available through cable. KCSM shut down its analog signal nine days later, on May 24. On May 3, 2005, KCSM received Special Temporary Authorization from the FCC to restore its analog signal at low power, operating on the campus of the College of San Mateo. It briefly simulcast the Jazz TV (60.3) feed for two hours every evening, with the rest of the broadcast day being a simulcast of KCSM (FM), but now offers only the simulcast (with relevant video "bulletin board" screens).
In March 2006, the Federal Communications Commission levied a $15,000 fine against KCSM for content in the documentary, The Blues: Godfathers and Sons, which the station had aired in March 2004. The series documented the birth and worldwide influence of the blues as a musical genre. One installment contained interviews with artists and others who expressed their feelings of oppression by the music industry, including the use of variations of the words "fuck" and "shit." The FCC determined the content to be "indecent." According to the FCC, "The gratuitous and repeated use of this language in a program that San Mateo aired at a time when children were expected to be in the audience is shocking." Within days of the decision, law firms from across the country offered their services pro bono to fight the ruling. Because of the upswell of support, KCSM requested an extension of time to file its appeal.
KCSM dropped its membership with PBS in 2009, and became an independent public television station (KCET, downstate in Los Angeles, would follow suit in January 2011; however, it would rejoin PBS in 2019). KCSM-TV retained an affiliation with MHz Worldview for programming feeds on its second digital subchannel.
Sale
On December 7, 2011, the San Mateo County Community College District announced plans to sell KCSM-TV, due to budgetary constraints as well as an operating deficit of $1 million. KCSM radio would continue operations as usual. All bids in response to the initial request for proposals to purchase the television station were rejected on October 24, 2012 and the district subsequently issued a second request for proposals. On May 15, 2013, the district approved an agreement with LocusPoint Networks, who will provide a $900,000 annual subsidy for up to four years and then split the proceeds of an auction of its spectrum allocation sometime in the next few years. The KCSM-TV spectrum is expected to be sold for upwards of $10 million to wireless communication companies.
On July 15, 2013, KCSM dropped most of the programming syndicated by public television distributors (with the exception of those airing as part of a discrete afternoon block), moving the MHz Worldview feed to its main channel. It brought back asupervisorstioned programming on July 15, 2014.
, LocusPoint Networks, hired by the district to sell the station due to its $1 million annual losses, claim fiscal mismanagement and incompetence by school officials and administrators to fulfill their basic obligations to facilitate the sale properly. In turn, the District has counter-sued LocusPoint, a multi-station operator, and its partner, PricewaterhouseCoopers for failure to enter KCSM-TV into the FCC auction. Nonetheless, the station has continuously run a deficit for many years, with viewers citing programming that is irrelevant and uninteresting for a typical public television station.
As KPJK
On September 7, 2017, Sonoma County public television station KRCB (channel 22) announced that it would acquire KCSM-TV for $12 million. The Rural California Broadcasting Corporation applied to change the station's call letters to KPJK; the call letters were chosen to honor John Kramer, a professor at Sonoma State University who founded KRCB with their wife, Nancy Dobbs, in 1984. On October 24, LocusPoint Networks filed a lawsuit to block the sale to KRCB, claiming that the sale is not valid and violates its contract with KCSM-TV.
On July 31, 2018, KRCB took control of KCSM-TV and the call letters were changed to KPJK. Though KRCB sought to have KPJK rejoin PBS, its membership request was denied due to overlap with San Francisco's main PBS station, KQED (channel 9), as PBS has sought to eliminate duplication of programming within the same market. The station also continues to simulcast KCSM radio on subchannel 60.5, under the branding "KCSM Jazz TV", even though the radio station was retained by the San Mateo County Community College District.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
Television channels and stations established in 1964
1964 establishments in California
PJK
Public television in the United States
First Nations Experience affiliates
The Navy Region Centre Singapore (NRCS) is a United States military installation in Admiralty, Sembawang, Singapore, that manages shore support facilities. It does so for departments such as the Department of the Navy (DoN) and Department of Defense (DoD). The centre manages facilities such as administration, Housing, Morale, welfare, family support services and recreation programs.
According to the NRCS Commanding Officer Capt. Scott Murdock (in 2016)“A major part of our mission is taking care of the fleet." Whenever U.S Navy vessels arrive at the port, NRCS and supporting departments like NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Centre Yokosuka, Site Singapore (FLC), Family Readiness Group, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, Navy Exchange, and Navy Federal Credit Union are responsible for supporting the fleet and provide services such as provisions, fuel, postal services, and pier-side support.
Support
The NRCS also supports various other wings such as-
Logistics Group Western Pacific (COMLOGWESTPAC)
Military Sealift Command Far East (SEALOGFE)
Military Sealift Fleet Support Command Ship Support Unit Singapore (MSFSC SSU)
Naval Criminal Investigative Service
Fleet Industrial Support Center
Detachment Singapore (FISC)
United States Coast Guard Detachment Singapore
Defense Contract Management Agency
497th Combat Training Flight
Air Mobility Squadron Detachment 2
Facilities
The NRCS contains some facilities which are accessible to U.S Navy personnel. Some of them are sports facilities, which include baseball fields and scheduled softball matches against other navy departments.
The centre also has the Café Lah Community Center, which contains a coffee shop as well as a theater.
Along the walkway of the headquarters, a barber shop, several souvenir shops are also present.
Safety and Environmental Fair
In 2016 the NRCS held its Safety and Environmental Fair. The event drew more than 150 visitors and included representatives of the region's medical staff, Child and Youth Programs, Morale, Welfare and Recreation, Public Health Department, Fleet and Family Readiness Group, the Public Safety Department and the Environmental Department. The event is held to promote safety and environmental awareness. It also seeks to educate people about different safety topics and activities such as driving safety, fire extinguishing techniques, Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), food safety and dental hygiene.
References
United States Navy organization
Russia–United States summits are held from 1991 to present. The topics discussed at the summits between the president of the United States and the president of Russia.
List of summits
List of Soviet Union–United States summits 1943–1991.
See also
Arms control
Détente
Foreign policy of the United States
Foreign relations of Russia
List of international trips made by presidents of the United States
Nuclear disarmament
Russia–United States relations
List of Soviet Union–United States summits
References
20th-century diplomatic conferences
21st-century diplomatic conferences
Diplomacy-related lists
Diplomatic visits by heads of government
Diplomatic visits by heads of state
Lists relating to the United States presidency
Russia diplomacy-related lists
United States history-related lists
summits
Lists of conferences
Russia history-related lists
United States diplomacy-related lists
Henry John Frederick Peters (1881 – 16 December 1918) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Wagga Wagga to miner Heening Peters and their wife Margaritha. They attended primary school at Temora but left at a young age to work as a compositor on the local newspaper. From 1904 to 1906 they owned and edited the Grenfell Vedette, but the paper failed. In 1907 they were elected as a Labor member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, representing Deniliquin, transferring to Canterbury in 1913. They were declared bankrupt in 1914, and so forfeited their seat. In 1916 they tried unsuccessfully to enlist in the Australian Imperial Force, being declared unfit on grounds of insufficient eyesight. They enlisted in April 1917 under the assumed name of Henry Edward Murray. In December 1918 they died at the military hospital in Tidworth, Wiltshire, England from Acute Atrophy Liver.
References
1881 births
1918 deaths
Australian Army soldiers
Military personnel from New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
20th-century Australian politicians
Australian military personnel killed in World War I
Antonio Porta (the pen-name of Leo Paolazzi) was an author and poet and one of the founders of the Italian literary movement Gruppo 63.
Biography
Antonio Porta was born Leo Paolazzi in Vicenza in 1935. In 1958, they became an editor of the literary magazine Il Verri under Luciano Anceschi. During their time as an editor, they wrote a collection of poems to be included in the anthology I novissimi (1961), which included works by Elio Pagliarani, Edoardo Sanguineti, Alfredo Giuliani, and Nanni Balestrini.
Gruppo 63
From their experience with Il verri, Porta began collaborating with an avant-garde Italian movement called Gruppo 63. While working to develop their ideas, they travelled to the conventions they held in Palermo, Reggio Emilia, La Sapienza, and Fano.
From 1963 to 1967, Porta was actively involved in the editing of another avant-garde magazine Malebolge from Reggio Emilia. In these years they also began working in visual poetry, participating in exhibitions in Padova, Rome, Milan, and London. Their work that is most associated with this period is Zero (1963).
Later career
They contributed as a literary critic for renowned Italian newspapers such as Il Corriere della Sera and Il Giorno and collaborated on Tuttolibri, Panorama, and L'Europeo. They were the director and active editor of the monthly Alfabeta and La Gola.
From 1982 to 1988, they taught at the D'Annunzio University of Chieti–Pescara, then at Yale, the University of Pavia, the Sapienza University of Rome, and the University of Bologna.
Bibliography
Calendario, Schwartz, Milan, 1956, under the pen name Leo Paolazzi
La palpebra rovesciata, Azimuth, Milan, 1960
I novissimi, il verri edition, Milan, 1961
Zero, numbered edition, in proprio, Milan, 1963
Aprire, poems, All'Insegna del Pesce d'Oro, Milan, 1964
I rapporti, poems, Feltrinelli Editore, Milan, 1966
Partita, novel, Feltrinelli Editore, Milan, 1967
Cara, poems, Feltrinelli Editore, Milan, 1969
Metropolis, poems, Feltrinelli Editore, Milan, 1971 (finalist for the Viareggio Prize).
Week-end, poems, Cooperativa Scrittori Editrice, Rome 1974
La presa di potere di Ivan lo sciocco, play, Einaudi Editore, Turin, 1974
Quanto ho da dirvi, collection of all their poetry from 1958 to 1975, Feltrinelli Editore, Milano, 1977
Il re del magazzino, novel, Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, Milan, 1978
Pin Pidìn, poems of today for kids (with Giovanni Raboni), Feltrinelli Editore, Milan,1978.
Passi Passaggi, poems, Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, Milan, 1980 (winner of the " Val di Comino " award, finalist for the D'Annunzio Prize)
Se fosse tutto un tradimento, short story, Guanda Editore, Milan, 1981
L'aria della fine, poems, Lunarionuovo, Catania, 1982 (winner of Gandovere Prize - Franciacorta)
Emilio, small poems for children, Emme Edizioni, Milan, 1982
La poesia che dice no, film for TV (RAI, Rai Tre, directed by Gianni Jannelli) La Spezia, 1983
Invasioni, poems, Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, Milan, 1984 (winner of the Viareggio Prize, and Città di Latina Prize)
Nel fare poesia, anthologia with an introduction on their method of writing, Sansoni, Florence, 1985
La stangata persiana, play, Corpo 10, Milan, 1985
La festa del cavallo, play, Corpo 10, Milan, 1986
Melusina, una ballata e diario, Crocetti Editore, Milan, 1987
Il giardiniere contro il becchino, Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, Milan, 1988 (winner of the Carducci Prize, the Acireale Prize, and the Stefanile Prize)
Partorire in chiesa, short story, Libri Scheiwiller, Milan, 1990
Il Progetto Infinito, edited by Giovanni Raboni, Quaderni Pier Paolo Pasolini, Rome, 1991 (distributed by Garzanti)
Los(t) angeles, unedited novel, Vallecchi Editore, Florence, 1996
Poesie 1956-1988 edited by Niva Lorenzini, Oscar Mondadori, Milan, 1998
Yellow, unedited poems, edited by Niva Lorenzini, Mondadori, Milan, 2002
Tutte le poesie, edited by Niva Lorenzini, Garzanti, Milan, 2009
La scomparsa del corpo, collection of all their short novels, Manni Editori, Lecce, 2010
Piercing the Page: Selected Poems 1958-1989", Edited with an introduction by Gian Maria Annovi and an essay by Umberto Eco, Otis - Seismicity, Los Angeles, 2012
External links
Comune (municipality) of Bologna information for a convention on Antonio Porta
Video clip of the poem Devo finire un sogno su videopoesia - http://vimeo.com/1143854
Piercing the Page
1935 births
1989 deaths
Italian dramatists and playwrights
Italian male poets
People from Vicenza
Gruppo 63
20th-century Italian poets
20th-century Italian dramatists and playwrights
Italian male dramatists and playwrights
D'Annunzio University of Chieti–Pescara faculty
Yale University faculty
University of Pavia faculty
Sapienza University of Rome faculty
University of Bologna faculty
20th-century Italian male writers
Ñuñu Qullu (Aymara ñuñu breast, qullu mountain, "breast mountain", also spelled Nunu Kkollu) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It is situated in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, in the north of the Turco Municipality. Ñuñu Qullu lies south-west of the mountain Yaritani, north-east of the volcanic complex of Asu Asuni and south-east of the mountains Chunkarani, Milluni and Pukarani.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Photographer and writer Benjamin Swett was born on March 3, 1959, in Washington, D.C. Educated at Andover and Harvard University, they worked for a number of years for the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation, where they photographed and wrote about neighborhood parks around the city. Their first publication, Great Trees of New York City: A Guide, was for the Parks Department.
Their subsequent works have all featured text and photographs. Route 22 (2007) is a narrative history of the state highway that stretches from the Bowery in New York to the Canadian border near Montreal. This book, along with The Hudson Valley: A Cultural Guide (2009), and New York City of Trees (2013), were all published by Quantuck Lane Press. New York City of Trees, winner of the New York Society Library's 2013 New York City Book Award for Photography, provides photographs and descriptions of unusual or characteristic trees around the five boroughs of New York City. The photographs from Route 22 have been exhibited at Albany International Airport and the Arts Center of the Capital Region in Troy, New York, and the photographs from New York City of Trees at The Arsenal Gallery in Central Park and Wave Hill.
Bibliography
Great Trees of New York City: A Guide (New York: New York Tree Trust, 2000, ASIN B0006RE0M6)
Route 22 (New York, Quantuck Lane Press, 2007, )
The Hudson Valley: A Cultural Guide (New York: Quantuck Lane Press, 2009, )
New York City of Trees (New York: Quantuck Lane Press, 2013, )
Awards
New York Society Library 2013 New York City Book Award for New York City of Trees
International Grenfell Association 2015 Grant for "Creating the Grandois Archive"
References
1959 births
Living people
Harvard College alumni
Wansunt Pit is a 1.9 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Dartford Heath between Crayford in the London Borough of Bexley and Dartford in Kent. It is also a Geological Conservation Review site. It is important geologically because it exposes the Dartford Heath Gravel, and the relationship of this exposure to the Swanscombe sequence and the Thames Terraces is a controversial issue in the Thames Pleistocene studies. The site is part of Braeburn Park, a nature reserve managed by the London Wildlife Trust.
Archaeology
The site is also important archaeologically. Excavations going back over a hundred years have revealed stone tools of Homo Heidelbergensis, dating from Marine Isotopic Stage 11, equivalent to the geological Hoxnian Stage, an interglacial period between 424,000 and 374,000 years ago. Other finds include sixteen Bronze Age axes and seventeen Iron Age gold armlets.
The site
The site is divided into two units. The first is crossed by Galloway Drive and the second, which is inaccessible, is north west of Denton Road. Both are in an unfavourable condition.
See also
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Greater London
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Kent
References
Further reading
Lynne Bevan, Robert Hosfield et al (2005) Refitting Palaeolithic Artefacts from Wansunt Pit, Lithics 24
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in London
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Kent
Geology of London
Geology of Kent
Geological Conservation Review sites
Fox Crime is an Australian subscription television channel primarily screening crime drama television series. The channel launched on 7 November 2019, replacing TVHits.
History
TVHits (2014–2019)
In August 2013 it was announced Foxtel had failed to complete negotiations with the TV1 General Entertainment Partnership for a new carriage deal for their channel TV1, an Australian general entertainment channel dedicated to hit television series. As a result, Foxtel planned to replace it with another general entertainment channel once TV1's carriage deal had expired. In October 2013 it was announced TVHits, a channel owned and operated by Foxtel Networks, would replace TV1 on 1 January 2014. The branding logo used an exclamation point in place of the "I" character.
On 1 January 2014, the channel launched on pay television provider Foxtel (which included its streaming service Foxtel Go as well as its IPTV service Foxtel Play) as well as on Australian IPTV provider Fetch TV.
On 1 January 2019 TVHits ceased broadcasting on Fetch TV as the provider, and TVHits parent company Foxtel were unable to renew their supply agreement.
TVHits programming
At launch, TVHits' programming primarily consisted of hit American shows from Warner Bros., Carsey-Werner, Sony Pictures Television, CBS Studios International and NBCUniversal. However, following the rebranding of 111 on 1 November 2015, the channel's sitcoms moved to 111 and as a result, the channel became solely focused on dramas.
Fox Crime (2019–present)
In late 2019 Foxtel announced they would launch four new entertainment channels on 7 November 2019, one of which was Fox Crime. Fox Crime was described as offering crime and mystery series such as the CSI and NCIS franchises. This new channel would replace the existing TVHits which offered similar content. These new Fox-branded channels were a means of building and consolidating the Fox brand to combat increasing competition in the subscription television marketplace.
Programming
Bones
Cold Case
Criminal Minds
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
CSI: Miami
CSI: New York
NCIS
NCIS: Los Angeles
NCIS: New Orleans
Without a Trace
Former programming
As TVHits
The 100
Blue BloodsDamagesEntertainment NowEverybody Loves RaymondFriendsHawaii Five-0How I Met Your MotherLaw & OrderThe MentalistMike & MollyThe NannySeinfeldThat '70s ShowTwo And A Half MenUnder the Dome''
See also
Fox Crime
Fox Crime (Asia)
Fox Crime (Italy)
References
Television channels and stations established in 2019
Television networks in Australia
English-language television stations in Australia
2019 establishments in Australia
Foxtel
Crime television networks
The 2014 Howard Bison football team represented Howard University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by third year head coach Gary Harrell, after a one-year absence. The Bison played their home games at William H. Greene Stadium. They were a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference. They finished the season 5–7, 3–5 in MEAC play to finish in a tie for seventh place.
Schedule
References
Howard
Howard Bison football seasons
Howard Bison football
Bethany Cabe, also known as Iron Woman, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by David Michelinie and Bob Layton, the character made their first appearance in Iron Man #117 (Dec. 1978).  They are a supporting character of Iron Man.
Publication history
Bethany Cabe first appeared in Iron Man #117 (Dec. 1978), and was created by David Michelinie and Bob Layton.
The character subsequently appears in Iron Man #120–129 (March–Dec. 1979), #131 (Feb. 1980), #133–135 (April–June 1980), #137–143 (Aug. 1980–Feb. 1981), and The All-New Iron Manual (2008).
Bethany Cabe received an entry in the Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Update '89 #1.
Fictional character biography
Bethany Cabe first appeared in the pages of Iron Man #117 while Tony Stark (Iron Man) was attending a party for the Carnelian Embassy. Stark was trying to draw out an assassin known as Spymaster who attempted to kill him. Stark was somewhat bored by the party, but their attention was quickly captured by the presence of a stunning redhead surrounded by potential suitors.
Bethany shortly afterwards became Stark's girlfriend, turning up on various missions including a covert operation involving Roxxon Oil. It was after this incident that Bethany revealed to Stark that they were actually a bodyguard working for Cabe & McPherson Security Specialists with their best friend, Ling McPherson. Bethany accompanied Stark to Atlantic City where, as Iron Man, Stark came into conflict with the Melter, Blizzard, and Whiplash. During the battle, Iron Man was nearly overcome by the combined extreme temperatures from the Melter and Blizzard. However, Bethany stepped in to save him, providing Iron Man with a temporary distraction. With their expert skills in hand-to-hand combat, Bethany made short work of Whiplash. Unfortunately, this battle began a rift between Bethany and Stark's bodyguard, since Bethany believed that Iron Man should have been protecting Tony Stark instead of engaging in the battle. The rift came to a head when Iron Man's repulsor, under the control of Justin Hammer, blasted through the Carnelian ambassador, killing them instantly. With Iron Man wanted for murder, Bethany and Stark's relationship began to cool.
Stark had already begun to drink heavily, and was on their first alcoholic binge. At Stark's darkest moment, Bethany returned and gave them love, support and friendship which was instrumental in helping Stark to overcome their addiction. It was also during this time that Bethany revealed that they had been previously married to a German diplomat named Alexander Von Tilburg who had a similar substance addiction with drugs. Bethany explained their regret and guilt at deserting Tilburg when they needed them the most, and how Tilburg appeared to die in a car accident. Bethany believed that if they had remained with him, they would still be alive today.
Once Stark was off the bottle, Bethany resumed their relationship with Stark and became their closest confidante. However, Stark chose not to reveal that they were Iron Man at this time. Shortly afterwards, Iron Man came into conflict with Madame Masque once again. This time, Masque, together with the Spymaster, kidnapped Bethany. Masque wanted revenge on Stark and displayed their jealousy at Bethany's intimate relationship with him. Masque revealed that Stark and Iron Man were one and the same, believing that this would surprise Cabe. However, Bethany explained that they had already figured this secret out weeks ago. Masque, in a fit of rage, attempted to gun down Cabe, but was overcome in the process. This incident heralded the start of the long-term enmity between Bethany Cabe and Madame Masque.
After a trip to the Caribbean where Bethany and Tony Stark finally seemed to find happiness, Bethany arrived home to news that their husband was still alive and being held somewhere in East Germany. Bethany was determined to rescue him, and became secretive and cagey towards Stark. Cabe eventually travelled to Germany where they were captured and held prisoner at a high-tech installation known as "Der Hand Von Himmel", or "Heaven's Hand". Iron Man attempted to rescue her, but after assisting them to escape, was captured and held prisoner at the installation. Iron Man battled the Living Laser in order to escape, but once they had returned to the United States, Bethany informed them that they were returning to their husband and that therefore, their relationship with Stark was over.
Stark went into another alcoholic binge shortly afterwards which was far more severe this time. Some years later, Bethany returned, seeking Stark's help, but was captured by Obadiah Stane who used mind transfer technology to switch Cabe's personality with that of Madame Masque's. Now, in Cabe's body, Masque attempted to kill Stark. However, they were thwarted by Bethany in Masque's body. Tony Stark managed to successfully transfer their personalities back to their rightful owners. Afterwards, Bethany decided to go back to Germany to officially end their relationship with Alex Von Tilburg. However, Tilburg was killed via a drug overdose. Bethany did not return for some time.
Years later, after Stark's nervous system had been manipulated, forcing them to fake their own death, the giant robot Ultimo began attacking Los Angeles. Jim Rhodes (in the armored guise of War Machine) recruited a handful of Stark's former friends and employees to form a temporary group consisting solely of former incarnations of Iron Man, known as the Iron Legion. Bethany Cabe was among those recruited. They wore the armor which Stark had donned after the Armor Wars, and, along with War Machine and the other Iron Men, battled Ultimo. Bethany and Rhodes were the only Iron Men left standing before Tony Stark returned to destroy their enemy. After the battle, Stark recruited Bethany as their new Head of Security at Stark Enterprises.
Bethany stayed on as Head of Security purely in a platonic capacity. However, shortly before the Crossing incident, Tony Stark renewed their relationship with Cabe once more. This relationship was not developed as Iron Man vol. 1 soon came to an end, and was not revived in subsequent volumes.
Cabe reappeared as James Rhodes' benefactor in War Machine vol. 2 #1. During this they wore a War Machine Armor similar to theirs and assisted Rhodes in their battles. After several attempts at their employee's lives, Tony Stark hires them as head of security in their new company Stark Resilient.
At the behest of Tony Stark, Cabe was rehired by Pepper Potts to beef up the security protocols for the fledgling startup Stark Resilient and its employees. Distrusting Cabe, Potts attempted to undermine their position several times, lying about the lack of pay (to discourage them from taking the job) and withholding potential information about a mole within the company. Cabe retaliated by secretly capturing video of Pepper, dressed in their personal "Rescue" armor, crying during the Marvel-wide Fear Itself crossover event, then leaking the footage to shareholders.
Cabe later defended Stark Resilient against an attack by the mole, who was revealed to be Spymaster.
Other versions
In Iron Man: The End, a one-shot special set in an alternate future, Tony Stark ultimately married Bethany Cabe. In their old age, they retired to a Stark-designed space station orbiting Earth.
In the MAX comics series US War Machine, Bethany is Stark's bodyguard and lover, as well as a wearer of one of the Stark-designed armors.
In other media
Empire Magazine rumored Kate Mara was to appear in Iron Man 2 as Bethany Cabe, although the claim was disputed. The actor did appear, but not as the character.
Footnotes
References
External links
Marvel Database.com Bethany Cabe Page
Comics characters introduced in 1978
Marvel Comics martial artists
Characters created by David Michelinie
Characters created by Bob Layton
Marvel Comics female characters
Anna Dlasková (born 6 October 1995) is a Czech football defender, currently playing for Sparta Praha in the Czech Women's First League.
 They are a member of the Czech national team. Dlasková made their debut for the national team in a match against Poland on 22 June 2013.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Czech women's footballers
Czech Republic women's international footballers
Sportspeople from Mladá Boleslav
Women's association football defenders
AC Sparta Praha (women) players
Czech Women's First League players
A statue of Antonio Alcalde Barriga is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
The Libya lobby in the United States is a collection of lawyers, public relation firms and professional lobbyists paid directly by the government of Libya to lobby the public and government of the United States on behalf of the interests of the government of Libya.
The Libyan government has engaged a number of American firms who have disclosed their work under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, including White & Case, Blank Rome, The Livingston Group, and Monitor Group. In 2008, law firm White & Case gave Libya “a special 15 percent discount off of our standard rates” in its effort to cement a “significant relationship" with the Libyan government under led by Muammar Gaddafi. In 2008 and 2009, the Gaddafi government paid over $2 million to lobbyists White and Case, Blank Rome, and The Livingston Group, led by Former Congressman Bob Livingston, to lobby on their behalf.
Monitor Group was hired in 2005 to assess the state of Libya's economy, develop plans for economic modernization and reform of the banking system, and train leaders from different sectors of society. The work did not involve any wider political reforms in the North African nation. According to a 2007 memo from Monitor to Libya's intelligence chief which was subsequently obtained by the National Conference for the Libyan Opposition and posted on the internet in 2009, Monitor entered into further contracts with the Libyan regime in 2006 which were worth at least $3m (£1.8m) per year plus expenses. According to the memo these contracts were for a campaign to "enhance international understanding and appreciation of Libya... emphasize the emergence of the new Libya... [and] introduce Muammar Qadhafi as a thinker and intellectual." Monitor's work became the subject of controversy with the onset of the Libyan Civil War. In March 2011 Monitor announced that it had launched an internal investigation into its work for the Libyan government and in May 2011 registered past work in Libya.
References
Libya–United States relations
Lobbying in the United States
The Southern League was resurrected in 1952 as the regional third tier of speedway racing in the United Kingdom for Southern British teams as a replacement for the defunct National League Division Three. The league ran for two seasons before being replaced by the Southern Area League. The champions of both seasons were Rayleigh Rockets
Champions
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
References
Speedway leagues
Speedway competitions in the United Kingdom
1952 in British motorsport
1953 in British motorsport
The 2010–11 Mid-American Conference women's basketball season began with practices in October 2010, followed by the start of the 2010–11 NCAA Division I women's basketball season in November. Conference play began in January 2011 and concluded in March 2011. Toledo won the regular season title with a record of 14–2 by one game over Bowling Green. Kourtney Brown of Buffalo was named MAC player of the year.
Second seeded Bowling Green won the MAC tournament over fifth seeded Eastern Michigan. Lauren Prochaska of Bowling Green was the tournament MVP. Bowling Green lost to Georgia Tech in the first round of the NCAA tournament. Toledo, Central Michigan, Kent State, and Eastern Michigan played in the WNIT. Toledo won the WNIT championship by defeating USC in the final.
Preseason awards
The preseason coaches' poll and league awards were announced by the league office on October 27, 2010.
Preseason women's basketball coaches poll
(First place votes in parenthesis)
East Division
Ohio
West Division
Tournament champs
Bowling Green
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American tournament
NCAA tournament
Women's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason awards
Coach of the Year: Tricia Cullop, Toledo
Player of the Year: Kourtney Brown, Buffalo
Freshman of the Year: Niki DiGuilio, Central Michigan
Defensive Player of the Year: Kourtney Brown, Buffalo
Sixth Man of the Year: Jasmine Mushington, Akron and Taylor Johnson, Central Michigan
Honors
See also
2010–11 Mid-American Conference men's basketball season
References
Barbara Ntambirweki Karugonjo is a lawyer, academic, and activist in Uganda.  They are a lecturer in the faculty of law at Uganda Pentecostal University, a private university.
Background and education
Ntambirweki has a Bachelor of Laws degree from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest and largest public university. They also have a Diploma in Legal Practice from the Law Development Center. Them Master of Laws degree was obtained from the University of Cape Town in South Africa.
Career
 They are a lecturer in the faculty of law at the Kampala campus of Uganda Pentecostal University. They also serve as an advocate in the law firm of Ntambirweki Kandeebe & Company Advocates, specializing in commercial transactions, litigation, and administrative law. They concurrently work as a research officer the Advocates Coalition for Development and Environment organization, where they "provides both research and administrative support to the various projects under the Programme".
In their personal writings, Ntabirweki recognizes the dominance of agriculture in the national economy. They argue that to maximize agricultural output, the application of science and technology is critically important. They have criticized the small funding by the Ugandan government of agricultural research.
See also
Sylvia Tamale
Zahara Nampewo
Judiciary of Uganda
List of university leaders in Uganda
References
External links
Constitutional Court Dismisses MPs “Bribe” Case
Involve Youth In Agricultural Development To Solve Economic Crisis
Website of Uganda Pentecostal University
1975 births
Living people
Toro people
People from Kabarole District
People from Western Region, Uganda
Makerere University alumni
University of Cape Town alumni
21st-century Ugandan lawyers
Ugandan women lawyers
Ugandan activists
Ugandan women activists
Ugandan women academics
Law Development Centre alumni
Uganda Pentecostal University academics
The Nyah-Nyah West United Football Netball Club, nicknamed the Demons, is an Australian rules football and netball club based in Nyah, a town in northern Victoria. The Demons team currently play in the Central Murray League.
History
United formed in 1978 when clubs Nyah FC and Nyah West FC of the Mid Murray Football League were elected to merge. The club's senior team initially struggled following their formation. Following the 1996 season, the club moved to the Central Murray Football League following the merge of the Mid Murray, Northern and Echuca Football Leagues.
Premierships
Club members
Presidents
Life Members
Matt Curran
Dennis Pretty
Peter Thompson
John Correnti
Phyllis Curran
Gary Harrop
Kerrie Shadbolt
Max Wilkinson
Brian 'Snow' Duffy
Keith Blackman
Frank Curran
Tom Evans
Rob 'Chesty' Coburn
Geoffrey Bradbury
Brian 'Pat' Harrop
Pat Phelan
Bill Gleeson
Vicki Allen
Owen Connick
David Henson
Andrew Flanagan
Peter Burge
Maureen Saville
Ash Thompson
Awards
In 2017, David 'Snail' Henson was awarded the Auskick Coordinator of the Year for Victoria, for 'excellent knowledge of teaching skills and game fundamentals' and also became a life member of the club.
See also
Nyah Football Club
Nyah
Nyah West
References
External links
SportsTG website
Australian rules football clubs in Victoria (Australia)
Central Murray Football League
1978 establishments in Australia
Netball teams in Victoria (Australia)
"Right Here, Right Now" is a song from the High School Musical 3: Senior Year soundtrack, performed by Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens as Troy Bolton and Gabriella Montez. It is the second track on soundtrack's track listing. When the song is sung in the movie, Troy and Gabriella only sing the first verse, second and third chorus, and the bridge whereas the first chorus and second verse are omitted. However, in the extended edition of the film, the second verse is sung later as the reprise when Troy and Gabriella are at their homes.
Release
The Radio Edit version of the song premiered on Radio Disney on October 10, 2008 as part of its Planet Premiere featurette. It reached #2 on the Top 30 Countdown, where it stayed for 6 weeks. The song was released later exclusively on iTunes, on October 14.
Different versions
There are actually multiple different recordings of this song, between the one released on the soundtrack and the versions featured in the movie. It is unknown why there are different versions are used in the movie and on the soundtrack.
In the movie, during the first time this song is played, Hudgens sings the line "Then, I would thank that star, that made our wish come true," and they sing with Efron in some parts of the "‘cause they know that where you are, is where I should be too" line in the first verse and the "It's always you and me" line in the bridge. However, on the soundtrack, Efron sings these lines by himself, with Hudgens providing background vocals during these parts in the song.
On the reprise, which is found only during the extended version of the movie, the background music from the beginning of the song is used while the soundtrack version uses a continuing music track for the second verse. Zac sings the "If this were forever, what could be better? We've already proved it works" line in the reprise while Vanessa sings it on the soundtrack. This performance is also lyrically simpler compared to the soundtrack version, as there are not as many moments with background vocals during the second verse.
Music video
A preview of the movie scene (credited as the official music video) was released on Disney Channel. It shows Troy and Gabriella singing and remembering some of their special moments in Troy's treehouse. It is a song about how the future is coming soon and that people should make every second last and enjoy what's happening right now.
Formats and track listings
Digital download
"Right Here, Right Now" (Album Version) — 3:55
Charts
Weekly charts
Foreign-language versions
The song has been recorded and released in various languages by national pop stars in international markets.
External links
Walt Disney Records Official Site
Official album information
References
2008 singles
Songs from High School Musical (franchise)
Vanessa Hudgens songs
Pop ballads
Walt Disney Records singles
Songs written by Jamie Houston (songwriter)
2008 songs
Zac Efron songs
Male–female vocal duets
Diffraction-limited storage rings (DLSR), or ultra-low emittance storage rings, are synchrotron light sources where the emittance of the electron-beam in the storage ring is smaller or comparable to the emittance of the x-ray photon beam they produce at the end of their insertion devices.
These facilities operate in the soft to hard x-ray range (100eV—100keV) with extremely high brilliance (in the order of 1021—1022 photons/s/mm2/mrad2/0.1%BW)
Together with X-ray free-electron lasers, they constitute the fourth generation of light sources, characterized by a relatively high coherent flux (in the order of 1014—1015photons/s/0.1%BW for DLSR) and enable extended physical and chemical characterizations at the nano-scale.
Existing diffraction-limited storage rings
MAX IV Laboratory, in Lund, Sweden.
Sirius, in Campinas, Brazil
European Synchrotron Radiation Facility, Extremely Brilliant Source (ESRF-EBS), in Grenoble, France
DLSR upgrade or facilities under construction
Advanced Photon Source Upgrade (APS-U), in Argonne, Illinois, USA
Planned or projected DLSR upgrades or new facilities
PETRA IV, Upgrade (PETRA IV), at DESY, Hamburg, Germany
Advanced Light Source, Upgrade (ALS-U), in Berkeley, California, USA
Swiss Light Source 2, Upgrade (SLS-2), in Viligen, Switzerland
Diamond II (Diamond II), in Didcot, Oxfordshire, UK
ELETTRA 2.0 (Elettra 2.0), in Trieste, Italy
High Energy Photon Source (HEPS), in Beijing, China
ALBA II, in Barcelona, Spain
See also
X-Ray Free Electron Lasers
References
X-rays
Photons
Accelerator physics
Martti Järventaus (born December 16, 1960 in Kotka, Finland) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from Finland. They competed twice for their native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1980 and 1984.
References
sports-reference
1960 births
Living people
Finnish male breaststroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Finland
People from Kotka
Sportspeople from Kymenlaakso
Time to Live () is a 1969 French drama film directed by Bernard Paul. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
Cast
Marina Vlady as Marie
Frédéric de Pasquale as Louis
Catherine Allégret as Catherine
Françoise Godde as Angelina, la serveuse
Chris Avram as Michel Casno
Yves Afonso as René
Georges Staquet as Enrico
Boudjema Bouhada as Mohammed
Louise Rioton as La belle-mère de Louis
Anne Guillard as Corinne
Eric Damain as Jean-Marc
References
External links
1969 films
1969 drama films
French drama films
1960s French-language films
1960s French films
These are the results of the mixed doubles competition in badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Jakarta.
Medal winners
Draw
References
Results
Badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Pinecreek is an unincorporated community in Dieter Township, Roseau County, Minnesota, United States, near the Canada–US border. The community is located northwest of Roseau at the junction of State Highway 89 (MN 89) and Roseau County Road 3.
Pinecreek is the location of Piney Pinecreek Border Airport, which straddles the Canada–US border. The community took its name from nearby Pine Creek which flows through the community. A post office called Pinecreek was established in 1896, and remained in operation until 1975. Nearby places include Roseau, Badger, and Piney, Manitoba.
See also
Pinecreek–Piney Border Crossing
References
Rand McNally Road Atlas – 2007 edition – Minnesota entry
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Roseau County, Minnesota
Edward Lawrence Logan (January 20, 1875 – July 6, 1939) was an American lawyer, judge, military officer, and politician. While still a student, Logan enlisted in the Massachusetts 9th infantry during the Spanish–American War. Upon returning to Boston, they ran successfully for a seat on the Boston City Council in 1899, and subsequently won election to the Massachusetts state legislature as both a representative, and later as a state senator. Rising to the rank of major general following World War I, they were given command of the 26th Infantry Division of the United States Army. Logan was instrumental in the post–World War I reorganization of that unit, as well as the Massachusetts National Guard. They would go on to serve as head of The American Legion's Department of Massachusetts.
General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport, an international airport located in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston, is named after him.
Biography
Early years
Logan was born in South Boston, Massachusetts, a son of Lawrence J. Logan and Catherine M. O'Connor. They graduated from Boston Latin School and enrolled at Harvard College, from which they graduated in 1898. During their first-year student year, they lived in Holworthy Hall, where their roommate was John Rankin McVey, an attorney and banker who became a powerful figure in the Massachusetts Democratic Party.
Political career
In 1897, Logan enlisted in the 9th Infantry Regiment of the Massachusetts National Guard. They were quickly promoted through the ranks to sergeant major, and took part in combat in Cuba during the Spanish–American War. They returned to Boston in the fall of 1898 and enrolled at Harvard Law School. While still a law student, Logan won election to the Boston Common Council, on which they served from 1899 to 1900.
In 1900, Logan ran successfully for election to the Massachusetts House of Representatives, where they served from 1901 to 1902. They graduated from law school in 1901 and was admitted to the bar, after which they began to practice in Boston.
Logan won election to the Massachusetts State Senate in from a South Boston district November 1905. They served from 1906 to 1907, and was an unsuccessful 1906 candidate for the Democratic nomination for Congress in Massachusetts' 10th Congressional district.
In 1907, Logan was nominated to serve as associate justice of the Municipal Court for the South Boston District by Republican Governor Curtis Guild Jr. they remained on the bench for the next 25 years, excepting their military service.
Military career
Although Logan had resigned from the state militia in 1899, they rejoined in 1901, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the 9th Infantry Regiment. They served in the 9th Regiment for the next 10 years and was promoted to first lieutenant and captain. In February 1911 they were promoted to major and in May 1912 to commander of the regiment with the rank of colonel.
In March 1917, Logan's regiment was mobilized to guard installations in anticipation of the US declaration of war on Germany. After several months of guard duty, the 9th was federalized and re-designated as the 101st Infantry Regiment, part of the 26th Infantry Division, a National Guard organization created from the units of the New England states. Logan accompanied their troops to France in command of the 101st, and the regiment saw combat throughout the war.
In April 1919, the 101st Infantry was relieved of active duty, and Logan oversaw its reorganization into the Massachusetts National Guard. In January 1921 Logan was promoted to brigadier general and took command of the Massachusetts national Guard's 1st Brigade. In March 1923 they were promoted to major general as commander of the 26th Division. As its first post-war commander, General Logan was responsible for reorganizing and training the division as a completely Massachusetts unit.
Post-war life
Throughout the remainder of their life, Logan achieved prominence as an advocate for veterans as the state commander of the American Legion and president of the National Guard Association of the United States. They retired from the Guard in 1938. At their retirement, Logan received a state promotion to lieutenant general in recognition of their decades of military service.
Death and legacy
Logan died in Boston on July 6, 1939. They were 64 years old at the time of their death.
In 1943, Boston Airport/Jeffrey Field was renamed General Edward Lawrence Logan Airport in Logan's honor. Although Logan was not an aviator, they did lobby intensely for veteran benefits to include the high-risk group of pilots.
A statue of Logan by Joseph Coletti was unveiled at the airport entrance in a public ceremony on May 20, 1956. It has been moved several times to accommodate the airport's growth.
See also
127th Massachusetts General Court (1906)
Footnotes
Further reading
Matt Viser and Martin Finucane, "New Airport Name Sought to Honor Kennedy", The Boston Globe, Sept. 3, 2009.
External links
Leonid Kondratiuk, "About Logan: Major General Edward L. Logan" at www.massport.com via Wayback Machine
Historic Shorts | Lt. General Edward Logan Statue Dedication at Logan Airport on May 20, 1956 via YouTube
coordinates of Logan statue
1875 births
1939 deaths
Boston Latin School alumni
Harvard College alumni
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Army personnel of World War I
Boston City Council members
Harvard Law School alumni
Massachusetts National Guard personnel
National Guard (United States) generals
Massachusetts state court judges
Massachusetts state senators
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
People from South Boston
Politicians from Boston
United States Army generals
Badamestan-e Pain () may refer to:
Badamestan-e Pain, Kerman
Badamestan-e Pain, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad
After the devastating invasions by Timur and subsequent enfeeblement of the Kingdom of Georgia, it soon faced a new threat. Timur's death in 1405 marked the beginning of the end of their Empire, unified only by fear and blood of the subjected peoples. Turkomans, particularly the Kara Koyunlu clan, were among the first to rebel against Shah Rukh who ruled most of the Persia and Mawerannahr. Qara Yusuf, ruler of the Kara Koyunlu, defeated Shah Rukh, captured Baghdad, and repulsed Timurids from western Persia. After they established themselves as the new leading power in the middle east. They took advantage of the temporary weakness of the Georgians and launched attacks against them as early as 1407 during which Qara Yusuf took 15,000 prisoners and killed George VII of Georgia. Constantine I of Georgia, fearing further encroachment, allied themselves with the Shirvanshah Ibrahim I to counter Turkoman advance and engaged them in the Battle of Chalagan, in which they were defeated and taken captive. In captivity Constantine behaved very proudly, which infuriated Qara Yusuf to such an extent, that they ordered his, their half-brother David's and 300 Georgian nobles' execution.
Alexander I of Georgia who sought to strengthen and restore their declining Kingdom, faced constant invasions by the tribal Turkomans. They sacked Akhaltsikhe, city of the vital regional importance in 1416, in response of suggested oppression of Muslims. Alexander re-conquered Lorri from the Turkomans in 1431, which was of great importance in securing of the Georgian borders. Around 1434/5, Alexander encouraged the Armenian prince Beshken II Orbelian to attack the Kara Koyunlu clansmen in Siunia and, for their victory, granted them Lorri under terms of vassalage. In 1440, Alexander refused to pay tribute to Jahan Shah of the Kara Koyunlu. In March, Jahan Shah surged into Georgia with 20,000 troops, destroyed the city of Samshvilde and sacked the capital city Tbilisi. They massacred 8,000 and enslaved 9,000 in Tbilisi, put heavy indemnity on Georgia, and returned to Tabriz. They also mounted a second military expedition against Georgia in 1444. Their forces met those of Alexander's successor, King Vakhtang IV at Akhaltsikhe, but the fighting was inconclusive and Jahan Shah returned to Tabriz once more.
As a result of foreign and mostly internal struggles unified Kingdom of Georgia stopped to exist after 1466 and was subdivided into several political units. Kara Koyunlu tribal confederation was destroyed by Aq Qoyunlu, their kin tribesmen who formed another confederation, which was similar in many ways to its predecessor. Aq Qoyunlu Turkomans naturally took advantage of the Georgian fragmentation. Georgia was at least twice attacked by Uzun Hasan, the prince of the Aq Qoyunlu in 1466, 1472 and possibly 1476-7. Bagrat VI of Georgia, temporary ruler of most of Georgia at the time, had to make peace with the invaders, abandoning Tbilisi to the enemy. It was only after Uzun Hasan's death (1478) when the Georgians were able to recover their capital. In the winter of 1488, the Ak Koyunlu Turkomans led by Sufi Khalil Beg Mawsilu attacked Georgia's capital Tbilisi, and took the city after a long-lasted siege in February 1489. Alexander II of Imereti, another pretender to the throne, took advantage of the Aq Qoyunlu Turkoman invasion of Kartli, and seized control of Imereti. Occupation of the capital did not last long and Constantine II of Georgia was able to repel them, but it was still costly to Georgians. Ismail I, founder of the Safavid dynasty, formed an alliance with the Georgians in 1502 and decisively defeated Aq Qoyunlu in the same year, destroying their state and marking the end of their invasions.
References
Wars involving the Kingdom of Georgia
Invasions of Georgia (country)
15th-century conflicts
16th-century conflicts
15th century in the Kingdom of Georgia
Battles of the Aq Qoyunlu
Battles involving the Kara Koyunlu
Parastenheliidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera:
Foweya Gee, 2006
Karllangia Noodt, 1964
Paraleptomesochra Wells, 1967
Parastenhelia Thompson & Scott, 1903
Pawulobathynella
Psammoleptomesochra Mielke, 1994
References
Copepods
Khvajeh Bachcheh (, also Romanized as Khvājeh Bachcheh and Khavājeh Bachcheh) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208, in 52 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Selce is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 294 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 294
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The Kingdom Interlinear Translation of the Greek Scriptures is an interlinear translation of the New Testament, published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. and translated by the New World Bible Translation Committee. The first edition was released at an international convention of Jehovah's Witnesses in 1969. As of the 1985 revision, 800,000 copies were produced.
Contents
The interlinear provides Brooke Foss Westcott and Fenton John Anthony Hort's The New Testament in the Original Greek, published in 1881, with a Watchtower-supplied literal translation under each Greek word. An adjacent column provides the text of the Watch Tower Society's New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.
Marginal notes refer to various biblical manuscripts and Bible translations. Various appendices provide information about the Greek alphabet and prepositions, maps of Palestine in the first century, and information about editorial decisions relating to the text of the New World Translation. A characteristic of this translation is that the name Jehovah was inserted in the citations to the Hebrew scriptures in which the tetragrammaton is found.
In addition to the print version, the interlinear is also available in various digital formats.
Reception
Thomas Nelson Winter, an instructor of Greek at the University of Nebraska and former president of the Unitarian Church of Lincoln, considered The Kingdom Interlinear Translation of the Greek Scriptures to be a "highly useful aid toward the mastery of koine (and classical) Greek"
Julius R. Mantey stated that the KIT "changed the readings in scores of passages to state what Jehovah's Witnesses believe and teach. That is a distortion not a translation."
According to the February 1, 1998 issue of The Watchtower, Jason BeDuhn ordered copies of the KIT for their students at Indiana University Bloomington, and wrote that "it is the best interlinear New Testament available".
References
External links
The Kingdom Interlinear Translation of the Greek Scriptures online (1985)
1969 books
1969 in Christianity
1985 books
1985 in Christianity
Bible translations into English
Jehovah's Witnesses literature
New Testament editions
Josephine Miriam Wagerman (née Barbanel; 17 September 1933 – 16 October 2018) was a British teacher and Jewish leader.
They were born in London, the eldest child of Emmanuel Barbanel, a tailor's presser, and their wife Jane (née Limberg), a waiter. They went to John Howard Grammar School, now the Clapton Girls' Academy, and graduated from Birkbeck College, University of London, in 1955, later earning an MA in Education at the University's Institute of Education.
They were President of the Board of Deputies of British Jews from 2000 to 2003, the first woman to lead the representative body. Them earlier career was as a history teacher, working at schools in London and Singapore. They were then Headteacher (the first woman in the role) of the Jews' Free School, London, from 1985 to 1993, and Chief Executive of Lennox Lewis College (founded by the eponymous boxer) from 1994 to 1996.
In the 1993 New Year Honours, Wagerman was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in recognition of their work as Headteacher of the Jews' Free School.
They married Peter Wagerman, a dental surgeon, in 1956. They died in 2016. They had a son and a daughter.
References
1933 births
2018 deaths
Alumni of Birkbeck, University of London
British Orthodox Jews
Heads of schools in London
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Presidents of the Board of Deputies of British Jews
Fall River Bleachery is an historic textile bleachery on Jefferson Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The bleachery was built in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Historical background
The primary product of most of the mills in Fall River was cotton print cloth. Much of it was printed at the American Print Works, which was one of the largest such companies in the United States. The best printing results are obtained from pure white cloth. During the period between 1870 and 1872, the city of Fall River grew rapidly, adding dozens of new mills during this time.
By 1872, Spencer Borden, the son of Jefferson Borden, had become trained chemist and had travelled to Europe to study the process of bleaching and dyeing textiles. On their return trip to the United States, they gathered a group of mill owners, including ones in New Bedford and Rhode Island to discuss the idea of establishing a large-scale bleachery in the area. A committee was formed to locate a suitable site. They tested the quality of the water supply in several areas in Fall River, Somerset, Tiverton, and as far north as Bridgewater. It was finally decided to locate the new bleachery at the mouth of Sucker Brook, where it flowed into South Watuppa Pond, in the southeast corner of the city of Fall River. The Sucker Brook is fed by Stafford Pond, a spring-fed water body in nearby Tiverton, Rhode Island. Its water was exceptionally pure with a high flow rate.
The bleachery mills were soon constructed from native Fall River granite found on the site. The factory was designed so that the water from the brook could flow through the facility without the need for pumping. Jefferson Borden was chosen as the first president of the company, which had a capacity to process up to thirteen tons of cotton annually.
The site would later be expanded over the years to keep up with demand from the many area mills. By about 1906, the bleachery had a capacity of 50 tons per day. In 1938 business conditions deteriorated and the company fell into the hands of creditors who decided to close the bleachery and liquidate the company. The machinery and equipment of the Fall River Bleachery was sold at auction on October 13, 1938.
A portion of the complex was destroyed by fire on October 30, 1967.
It is currently the headquarters for Spectrum Lighting, Inc., an architectural lighting manufacturer.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
List of mills in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Textile mills in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Cotton mills in the United States
The Bishop of Killala and Achonry was the Ordinary of the Church of Ireland diocese of Killala and Achonry in the Ecclesiastical Province of Tuam. The diocese comprised part of Counties Mayo and Sligo in Ireland.
The Episcopal see was a union of the bishoprics of Killala and Achonry which were united in 1622. Over the next two hundred and eleven years there were twenty-three bishops of the united diocese. Under the Church Temporalities (Ireland) Act 1833, Killala and Achonry were united to the archbishopric of Tuam in 1834. Following the death of Archbishop Trench in 1839, Tuam lost its metropolitan and archbishopric status and became the united bishopric of Tuam, Killala and Achonry in the Province of Armagh.
List of Bishops of Killala and Achonry
References
Killala and Achonry
Religion in County Mayo
Religion in County Sligo
Bishops of Killala and Achonry
Killala
Jolanta Lothe (19 April 1942 – 1 April 2022) was a Polish actor. They appeared in more than twenty-five films since 1965.
Biography
Jolanta, the daughter of Tadeusz Lothe (1903–1943) and actor Wanda Stanisławska-Lothe (1908–1985), graduated from the National Higher School of Theatre in Warsaw in 1966. After they worked as an actor of Warsaw stages: Syrena Theater (1966–1967), Classic Theater (1968–1972), Studio Theater (1972–1976), and National Theatre (1976–1982). From 1989, together with their second husband Piotr Lachmann, they ran an experimental "Videoteatr Poza" in Warsaw. Them first husband was playwright and theater director Helmut Kajzar, who died in 1982.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1942 births
2022 deaths
Polish film actores
Polish stage actores
Polish television actores
Polish people of German descent
Actresses from Vilnius
20th-century Polish actores
Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw alumni
Recipients of the Bronze Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis
Recipients of the Silver Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis
Microscale models form a broad class of computational models that simulate fine-scale details, in contrast with macroscale models, which amalgamate details into select categories. Microscale and macroscale models can be used together to understand different aspects of the same problem.
Applications
Macroscale models can include ordinary, partial, and integro-differential equations, where categories and flows between the categories determine the dynamics, or may involve only algebraic equations. An abstract macroscale model may be combined with more detailed microscale models. Connections between the two scales are related to multiscale modeling. One mathematical technique for multiscale modeling of nanomaterials is based upon the use of multiscale Green's function.
In contrast, microscale models can simulate a variety of details, such as individual bacteria in biofilms, individual pedestrians in simulated neighborhoods, individual light beams in ray-tracing imagery, individual houses in cities, fine-scale pores and fluid flow in batteries, fine-scale compartments in meteorology, fine-scale structures in particulate systems, and other models where interactions among individuals and background conditions determine the dynamics.
Discrete-event models, individual-based models, and agent-based models are special cases of microscale models. However, microscale models do not require discrete individuals or discrete events. Fine details on topography, buildings, and trees can add microscale detail to meteorological simulations and can connect to what is called mesoscale models in that discipline. Square-meter-sized landscape resolution available from images allow water flow across land surfaces to be modeled, for example, rivulets and water pockets, using gigabyte-sized arrays of detail. Models of neural networks may include individual neurons but may run in continuous time and thereby lack precise discrete events.
History
Ideas for computational microscale models arose in the earliest days of computing and were applied to complex systems that could not accurately be described by standard mathematical forms.
Two themes emerged in the work of two founders of modern computation around the middle of the 20th century. First, pioneer Alan Turing used simplified macroscale models to understand the chemical basis of morphogenesis, but then proposed and used computational microscale models to understand the nonlinearities and other conditions that would arise in actual biological systems. Second, pioneer John von Neumann created a cellular automaton to understand the possibilities for self-replication of arbitrarily complex entities, which had a microscale representation in the cellular automaton but no simplified macroscale form. This second theme is taken to be part of agent-based models, where the entities ultimately can be artificially intelligent agents operating autonomously.
By the last quarter of the 20th century, computational capacity had grown so far that up to tens of thousands of individuals or more could be included in microscale models, and that sparse arrays could be applied to also achieve high performance. Continued increases in computing capacity allowed hundreds of millions of individuals to be simulated on ordinary computers with microscale models by the early 21st century.
The term "microscale model" arose later in the 20th century and now appears in the literature of many branches of physical and biological science.
Example
Figure 1 represents a fundamental macroscale model: population growth in an unlimited environment. Its equation is relevant elsewhere, such as compounding growth of capital in economics or exponential decay in physics. It has one amalgamated variable, , the number of individuals in the population at some time . It has an amalgamated parameter , the annual growth rate of the population, calculated as the difference between the annual birth rate and the annual death rate . Time can measure in years, as shown here for illustration, or in any other suitable unit.
The macroscale model of Figure 1 amalgamates parameters and incorporates a number of simplifying approximations:
the birth and death rates are constant;
all individuals are identical, with no genetics or age structure;
fractions of individuals are meaningful;
parameters are constant and do not evolve;
habitat is perfectly uniform;
no immigration or emigration occurs; and
randomness does not enter.
These approximations of the macroscale model can all be refined in analogous microscale models. On the first approximation listed above—that birth and death rates are constant—the macroscale model of Figure 1 is exactly the mean of a large number of stochastic trials with the growth rate fluctuating randomly in each instance of time. Microscale stochastic details are subsumed into a partial differential diffusion equation and that equation is used to establish the equivalence.
To relax other assumptions, researchers have applied computational methods. Figure 2 is a sample computational microscale algorithm that corresponds to the macroscale model of Figure 1. When all individuals are identical and mutations in birth and death rates are disabled, the microscale dynamics closely parallel the macroscale dynamics (Figures 3A and 3B). The slight differences between the two models arise from stochastic variations in the microscale version not present in the deterministic macroscale model. These variations will be different each time the algorithm is carried out, arising from intentional variations in random number sequences.
When not all individuals are identical, the microscale dynamics can differ significantly from the macroscale dynamics, simulating more realistic situations than can be modeled at the macroscale (Figures 3C and 3D). The microscale model does not explicitly incorporate the differential equation, though for large populations it simulates it closely. When individuals differ from one another, the system has a well-defined behavior but the differential equations governing that behavior are difficult to codify. The algorithm of Figure 2 is a basic example of what is called an equation-free model.
When mutations are enabled in the microscale model (), the population grows more rapidly than in the macroscale model (Figures 3C and 3D). Mutations in parameters allow some individuals to have higher birth rates and others to have lower death rates, and those individuals contribute proportionally more to the population. All else being equal, the average birth rate drifts to higher values and the average death rate drifts to lower values as the simulation progresses. This drift is tracked in the data structures named beta and delta of the microscale algorithm of Figure 2.
The algorithm of Figure 2 is a simplified microscale model using the Euler method. Other algorithms such as the Gillespie method and the discrete event method are also used in practice. Versions of the algorithm in practical use include efficiencies such as removing individuals from consideration once they die (to reduce memory requirements and increase speed) and scheduling stochastic events into the future (to provide a continuous time scale and to further improve speed). Such approaches can be orders of magnitude faster.
Complexity
The complexity of systems addressed by microscale models leads to complexity in the models themselves, and the specification of a microscale model can be tens or hundreds of times larger than its corresponding macroscale model. (The simplified example of Figure 2 has 25 times as many lines in its specification as does Figure 1.) Since bugs occur in computer software and cannot completely be removed by standard methods such as testing, and since complex models often are neither published in detail nor peer-reviewed, their validity has been called into question. Guidelines on best practices for microscale models exist but no papers on the topic claim a full resolution of the problem of validating complex models.
Future
Computing capacity is reaching levels where populations of entire countries or even the entire world are within the reach of microscale models, and improvements in the census and travel data allow further improvements in parameterizing such models. Remote sensors from Earth-observing satellites and from ground-based observatories such as the National Ecological Observatory Network (NEON) provide large amounts of data for calibration. Potential applications range from predicting and reducing the spread of disease to helping understand the dynamics of the earth.
Figures
Figure 1. One of the simplest of macroscale models: an ordinary differential equation describing continuous exponential growth. is the size of the population at time , is the rate of change through time in the single dimension . is the initial population at , is a birth rate per time unit, and is a death rate per time unit. At the left is the differential form; at the right is the explicit solution in terms of standard mathematical functions, which follows in this case from the differential form. Almost all macroscale models are more complex than this example, in that they have multiple dimensions, lack explicit solutions in terms of standard mathematical functions, and must be understood from their differential forms.
Figure 2. A basic algorithm applying the Euler method to an individual-based model. See text for discussion. The algorithm, represented in pseudocode, begins with invocation of procedure , which uses the data structures to carry out the simulation according to the numbered steps described at the right. It repeatedly invokes function , which returns its parameter perturbed by a random number drawn from a uniform distribution with standard deviation defined by the variable . (The square root of 12 appears because the standard deviation of a uniform distribution includes that factor.) Function in the algorithm is assumed to return a uniformly distributed random number . The data are assumed to be reset to their initial values on each invocation of .
Figure 3. Graphical comparison of the dynamics of macroscale and microscale simulations of Figures 1 and 2, respectively.
(A) The black curve plots the exact solution to the macroscale model of Figure 1 with per year, per year, and individuals.
(B) Red dots show the dynamics of the microscale model of Figure 2, shown at intervals of one year, using the same values of , , and , and with no mutations .
(C) Blue dots show the dynamics of the microscale model with mutations having a standard deviation of .
(D) Green dots show results with larger mutations, .
References
Dynamical systems
Mathematical and theoretical biology
Mathematical modeling
Numerical differential equations
Population models
Scientific models
Simulation
Crowds
Ban Kao (, ; lit: 'old village') is a tambon (sub-district) of Mueang Kanchanaburi District, in Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand. In 2017, it had a population of 16,147 people. The tambon contains 15 villages. This network of villages had its origins in northern China and this is reinforced by pottery and ceramic fragments. The pottery and ceramic fragments found at Ban Kao highlight it's archaeological significance in Southeast Asia; some of these fragments are currently being kept at the Ban Kao National Museum.
Geography
Ban Kao Subdistrict is in the mountainous area of the Tenasserim Hills, close to the border with Myanmar. Phu Nam Ron, a transnational cross-border point at the western end of the sub-district, is expected to gain in importance if the planned Dawei Port Project goes ahead, along with a highway and a railway line between Bangkok and that harbor.
History
In the year 1961, Per Søresen, a native of Denmark, led a Thai-Danish excavation team in the Ban Kao archaeological expeditions at a site that was approximately 400m off of the southern banks of the Khwae Noi river. Søresen's excavations has led to the recognition of three different cultural phases at the Ban Kao site. These three phases were an Early Neolithic phase, a Late Neolithic phase, and an Iron Age phase. Numerous Neolithic archaeological remains have been found in a big mound at Ban Kao. The burial site yielded many human skeletons and artifacts dating between 200 and 1300 BCE. Some of the items are preserved in a small museum in Ban Kao village. Other findings, like those of the Thai-Danish Prehistoric Expedition who excavated Ban Kao from 1960–62, found skeletons with short ovoid skulls and medium and broad faces. Twenty-six skeletons were recovered the majority of people lived an estimated age of less than 30 years and only two lived more than 40 years. Many of these skeletons have similar characteristics of present day inhabitants of Thailand. Another example of objects found at the Ban Kao site is the remains of a rhinoceros sondaicus and a rhinoceros sumatraensis which are two animals that heavily populated this region, which leads researchers to believe the inhabitants of this site hunted this animal during the Neolithic period.
The subdistrict was created effective June 1973 by splitting off 7 administrative villages from the subdistrict Chorakhe Phueak of Mueang Kanchanaburi.
The burials found at the Bang Site Settlement of Ban Kao have revealed many animal remains, such as tortoise shells and pig skulls. The use of iron at sites like Ban Kao have been dated from the 1st century BCE onward. This is supported by carbon dating of ceramic and bowl fragments found at the site of Ban Kao and supports the theory of native traditions playing a bigger role in the development of new metals and tools rather then the dominating theory that China had introduced metals like bronze and iron to South East Asian sites like Ban Kao. This is supported by evidence of two iron tools found buried with the forty-five bodies recovered from the Ban Kao site.
Early interpretations of this site focused on cultures through a connection with pottery. From evidence recovered in the original excavation of the Ban Kao site, a migration model was hypothesized. The interpretation drawn from the Thai-Danish excavation team notes that the Lung-Shan migration was the most influential out of many cultures that settled the Ban Kao area. This idea was formulated due to similarities between pottery found at Lung-shan sites and at the Ban Kao site.
Camp Ban Khao
Camp Ban Khao was a prisoner of war work camp during World War II on the Burma Railway. In January 1943, the first 700 British prisoners arrived, and were joined by 400 Dutch prisoners in 13 March 1943. The conditions in the camp were reasonable, and there was a shop selling bami, nasi and coffee. Until April 1943, there were no deaths reported from the camp.
The first Neolithic artefacts were discovered by Hendrik Robert van Heekeren, a Dutch prisoner and amateur archaeologist. Van Heekeren managed to hold on the stones when moved to Japan in June 1944, and hid them underneath a wooden floor. After the surrender of Japan, they passed them on to an American professor in Manila. The stones are now in the Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology. In 1960, van Heekeren returned to Thailand as part as of a Danish expedition.
Administration
Central administration
The tambon is subdivided into 15 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by the subdistrict administrative organization (SAO) Ban Kao (องค์การบริหารส่วนตำบลบ้านเก่า).
References
External links
Human remains from archaeological sites in Thailand: legislative and ethical issues (in Thai), Muang Boran Journal
Tambon of Kanchanaburi Province
Populated places in Kanchanaburi province
Myanmar–Thailand border
Tenasserim Hills
Burma Railway
Per Erik Rundquist (1912 – 1986) was a Swedish novelist and poet. They made their literary debut in 1938, with the novel Sven-Patrik. Among their later novels are Kalla mig Ismael! from 1950, and Generalen from 1953. They were awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1974.
References
1912 births
1986 deaths
Swedish poets
Dobloug Prize winners
20th-century Swedish novelists
20th-century Swedish poets
Swedish male poets
Swedish male novelists
20th-century Swedish male writers
WTCL-LD, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital channel 20), is a low-power Telemundo-affiliated television station licensed to Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Owned by Atlanta-based Gray Television, WTCL-LD also functions as a repeater for its full power Cleveland sister stations—Shaker Heights–licensed CBS affiliate WOIO (channel 19) and Lorain-licensed CW affiliate WUAB (channel 43). This is similar to another sister station, Canton-licensed WOHZ-CD, which also serves as a repeater for WOIO and WUAB, but in the southern part of the market.
The stations share studios on the ground floor of the Reserve Square building in Downtown Cleveland; WTCL-LD's transmitter is located on West Ridgewood Drive in suburban Parma, Ohio.
Due to its low-power status, its broadcasting radius only covers the immediate Cleveland area. Thus WTCL-LD relies on cable and satellite carriage to reach the entire market.
History
Early history and attempted digital conversion
The former allotment, channel 65, was originally for a planned station of WERE back in the 1950s. The station never materialized and thus WERE-TV never aired. The channel 65 allotment was eventually used in 1998 when W47BE moved from channel 47 as W65DL. In 2000, the call letters were changed to WXOX, which were originally assigned to a radio station on AM 1250 in Bay City, Michigan.
In the final years as WXOX, the station was affiliated with the Home Shopping Network (HSN). HSN had previously aired in Cleveland on WQHS-TV (channel 61), which was purchased by Univision in 2002.
WXOX submitted an application to move to channel 44 and increase power to 120 kW, but then modified the application to convert the analog transmission to digital. FCC findings stated that channel 44 would cause interference with nearby WNEO. So WXOX instead decided to briefly carry a digital feed on WCDN-LD2. WXOX was then forced off the air on October 27, 2009, when wireless carrier Verizon purchased the part of the wireless spectrum where the station had been broadcasting. An attempt was made to convert WXOX to a low-power digital station on channel 31, which was previously used by WJW before the June 12 analog shutoff date. However, due to potential co-channel interference issues with CITY-DT-2 across Lake Erie in Woodstock, Ontario (which also broadcasts on UHF 31, in digital), the application was abandoned.
As a radio station
In May 2011, the station's then-owner, Venture Technologies Group, filed a new FCC request to move the station to Channel 6 analog leading to speculation that it would be used to carry the audio feed of an FM radio station since the sound of channel 6 analog can be heard at 87.7 FM on any FM radio. The station was kept at low power so it wouldn't interfere with WSYX in Columbus.
WLFM-LP was scheduled to launch in July 2012, but the station did not debut until September 9, 2012 (during at least part of the month in between, the station stunted with, among other things, a loop of "My Town" by The Michael Stanley Band, as well as a cassette tape-recorded loop of snippets of each number 1 song on the Billboard Hot 100 list from 1955 to 1992, with occasional station IDs in between and the TV signal showing either a loop of slides of local buildings and sights, or a screensaver for Western Digital).
The website Radio World described WLFM-LP as a "Franken-FM... an unholy mix of radio and TV stations." The WLFM-LP studios were located within the Cleveland Agora.
87.7 Cleveland's Sound
From its launch until January 1, 2014, the station – branded 87.7 Cleveland's Sound – aired a mixed format of alternative rock and AAA music, focusing more on alternative rock towards the end. As 87.7 Cleveland's Sound, the WLFM-LP local on-air staff included Archie Berwick, Kim Monroe, Rachel Steele, Lyd the Kidd (Lydia Puccini), Bull (Sean Robertson), Dan Stansbury, Rocco the Rock Dog (Ric Bennett) and Chad Zumock. WLFM-LP was named the best local radio station in 2013 by readers of Cleveland Scene.
From mid-October 2012 until its cancellation in late September 2013, the station aired Inner Sanctum, a locally produced music program featuring Cleveland area bands. Cleveland Scene observed that although it bills itself as "a local station for Clevelanders by Clevelanders", WLFM-LP "pulled the plug" on a local show. Program director Ryan Benes said the station was going "in a different direction". Host Pat Johnson said the station "was hoping for a big summer and that hasn't translated into sales yet". Previously broadcast on WENZ, WKRK-FM and WNWV, Inner Sanctum had recently celebrated its 20-year anniversary.
The final song to air on WLFM-LP as 87.7 Cleveland's Sound was "Hate Me" by Blue October.
La Mega 87.7
On December 11, 2013, it was reported that WLFM-LP would soon enter into a local marketing agreement (LMA) with Cincinnati-based TSJ Media; the LMA began at on January 1, 2014, and was accompanied by a format change. The "Franken-FM" radio station now airs a Spanish language format, consisting largely of Latin music. WLFM-LP is currently branded La Mega 87.7 and uses the slogan "Latino and Proud".
Since the 2014–15 NBA season, WLFM-LP served as the Spanish language radio home of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Rafael Hernandez Brito was the team's Spanish language play-by-play announcer.
Beginning in 2018, La Mega 87.7 started to also serve as the Spanish language radio outlet for the Cleveland Browns. As they did for the Cavaliers broadcasts, Hernandez Brito served as play-by-play announcer.
In March 2019, it was reported that WLFM-LP would soon enter into a local marketing agreement (LMA) with Columbus-based La Mega Media, Inc.; the LMA began at on March 25, 2019, and was accompanied by a programming change.
Conversion to digital
WLFM-LP signed off their analog broadcast on RF 6 on June 30, 2020, due to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) requiring the station to convert to a digital broadcast, rendering the operation as a radio station unusable due to the different technologies used from analog FM, HD Radio and ATSC. La Mega 87.7 (rebranded as La Mega Cleveland) is now heard exclusively as an online stream on both their website and mobile phone apps. As a result of the spectrum repack, WLFM-LP was able to file for a suitable frequency on RF 20.
On July 29, 2020, WLFM-LP started broadcasting as a digital TV station on RF 20, carrying Jewelry Television as a temporary affiliation. The suffix at the end of the calls was changed from -LP to -LD.
Sale to Gray and Telemundo affiliation
Exactly one year later on July 29, 2021, WLFM-LD's owners agreed to sell the station to Gray Television, making it a sister station to its duopoly of WOIO and WUAB. The sale was approved by the FCC on September 13. On September 22, Gray announced that WLFM-LD would change its call letters to WTCL-LD and join Telemundo on January 1, 2022, giving Cleveland its first-ever Telemundo affiliate and the first ever competition to Univision-owned WQHS-DT. In addition, Gray announced that WOIO would produce 6 and 11 p.m. newscasts in Spanish for WTCL-LD, the first such newscasts to be broadcast in the Cleveland market, as WQHS only carries remotely-produced news briefs. On October 15, the station changed its call sign to WTCL-LP.
After adopting its new call letters, WTCL-LP switched to a temporary simulcast of WOIO 19.1, including airing CBS network programming, before beginning its Telemundo affiliation on December 22, 2021. The WOIO simulcast was then moved to a subchannel.
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Television channels and stations established in 1989
1989 establishments in Ohio
TCL-LD
Low-power television stations in the United States
Gray Television
Telemundo network affiliates
Circle (TV network) affiliates
CBS network affiliates
The CW affiliates
The Byram Bridge, spanning the Pearl River between Hinds County, Mississippi and Rankin County, Mississippi, is a historic bridge which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The bridge was built in 1905 as a collaboration between merchants in Byram, Mississippi and Rankin County. In 1987, the bridge was deemed unsafe for travel and was closed to traffic. The bridge was converted to a pedestrian footbridge in 2015.
It is located at Old Byram and Florence Rd. near Frenchs Store, Mississippi.
It is a swinging suspension bridge type of suspension bridge, with two towers, nearly in total length. The central span is about .
References
External links
Bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Suspension bridges
National Register of Historic Places in Hinds County, Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Rankin County, Mississippi
Bridges completed in 1905
1905 establishments in Mississippi
Pearl River (Mississippi–Louisiana)
Pedestrian bridges on the National Register of Historic Places
East Yangoru Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Pachen/Karapia
02. Yangoru Station
03. Numboguon
04. Baimuru
05. Bukienduon
06. Marambanja
07. Sima
08. Howi/Wamaina
09. Kufar/Ambokon
10. Siniangu/Mombuk
11. Witupe1
12. Koro
13. Makambu
14. Kiniambu
15. Haripmo 1, 2, 3
16. Merohombi
17. Kwagwie
18. Hagama
19. Soli
20. Parimuru
21. Ambukanja
22. Kiarivu
23. Kworabri
24. Simbomie/Sengri
25. Yekimbolye 2
26. Kamanja
27. Witupe 2
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Joe Clair (born February 13, 1969), also known by the nickname "Joe Cleezy", is an American stand-up comedian, radio personality, VJ and actor. A native of the Seat Pleasant, Maryland suburb of Washington, D.C., Clair is best known as a former host of BET's Rap City from 1994 to 1999. They hosted their own morning drive time show on WPGC-FM in Washington, D.C. from 5:50am-10am.
Clair earned a bachelor's degree in psychology from Morgan State University in Baltimore, Maryland. Aside from their work as host of Rap City, Clair has also hosted several radio shows and appeared on the stand-up comedy shows Def Comedy Jam and ComicView. Clair was named morning drive time host at WPGC-FM in their hometown of Washington, D.C. in February 2015 to July 2021.
As an actor, Clair has appeared in several films, most notably the 1992 horror film Ax 'Em, where they play the role of Tony.
References
External links
JoeClair.com - official website
African-American stand-up comedians
American stand-up comedians
African-American television personalities
American radio personalities
Living people
People from Seat Pleasant, Maryland
Place of birth missing (living people)
1967 births
21st-century American comedians
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
John Hewet (fl. 1413–1422) was an English Member of Parliament for Leicester in May 1413 and 1422.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
15th-century English people
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Place of death missing
Place of birth missing
English MPs 1422
English MPs May 1413
Joelle Franzmann (born December 29, 1978 in Idar-Oberstein, Rhineland-Palatinate) is an athlete from Germany, who competes in triathlon.
Franzmann competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. They took 21st place overall with a time of 02:05:24. They finished with a swimming time of 19:11, a bike time of 01:05:13, a run time of 00:40:08.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, Franzmann placed sixteenth overall with a time of 2:08:18.33. Them swim time was 00:18:54, their bike time 01:10:57 and their run time 00:37:25.
Non-Olympic Triathlons
References
External links
Official Web Site
Profile
1978 births
Living people
People from Birkenfeld (district)
German female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Germany
Duathletes
Sportspeople from Rhineland-Palatinate
Mount Hoffman () is a distinctive rock peak south-southwest of Mount Tidd, in the southern flank of the Pirrit Hills of Antarctica. The peak was positioned by the U.S. Ellsworth–Byrd Traverse Party on December 7, 1958, and was named for Daniel Hoffman, a mechanic with the traverse party.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
The 1986 United States Senate election in Alaska was held on November 4, 1986. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Frank Murkowski ran for a second term in the United States Senate and was primarily opposed by Alaska Pacific University President Glenn Olds. Following a highly competitive election in 1980, Murkowski faced a legitimate opponent in Glenn Olds, and the contest was fairly close. However, in the end, Murkowski was able to defeat Olds by a slightly wider margin than they won by six years prior.
Open primary
Candidates
Republican
Frank Murkowski, incumbent United States Senator since 1981, former banker and commissioner of the Alaska Department of Economic Development
Democratic
Glenn Olds, president of Alaska Pacific University
Bill Barnes, former director of the People Mover transit system in Anchorage. Their wife, Allegra, was the Libertarian nominee for lieutenant governor in this same election year
Dave Carlson, former congressional candidate
Michael J. Bruner
Karl Francis
Libertarian
Chuck House, field representative for Eastman Kodak Company and Libertarian Party activist
Results
General election
Results
See also
1986 United States Senate elections
References
External links
Senate
Alaska
1986
Holman Dome () is a dome-shaped nunatak southwest of Watson Bluff, on the east side of David Island, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Australasian Antarctic Expedition, 1911–14, under Mawson, who named it for William A. Holman, Premier of New South Wales in 1911.
References
Nunataks of Queen Mary Land
The 1938-39 Palestine League was the sixth season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine. The defending champions were Maccabi Tel Aviv.
According to the Israel Football Association, Hapoel Tel Aviv won the title. League matches were played from 5 February 1938 to 4 June 1938, completing the first half of the season before the summer break. However, as the Arab revolt intensified in fall 1938 and with the High commissioner issuing restrictive orders on travel throughout Palestine, the EIFA created a two-tiered league for the Tel Aviv region, with matches played in the league counting towards the national league. The Tel Aviv League was completed on 14 January 1939 and in February 1939 a new league season began, with teams playing in regionalized divisions instead a national league.
League table
Tel Aviv League
References
RSSSF
100 Years of Football 1906-2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1938–39 in Mandatory Palestine football
We Believe in Dinosaurs is a 2019 American documentary about the controversy surrounding the construction of the Ark Encounter museum in Williamstown, Kentucky. The museum features a scale model replica of Noah's Ark, its goal is to promote young earth creationism and disprove evolution.
Recorded over a four-year period, the film catalogs the project from conception to completion and beyond.
According to its directors, Monica Long-Ross and Clayton Brown, the goal of the film is “to spark an important dialogue about the thorny intersection of belief, religion, and science — crossing into the cultural bubbles where so many Americans seem to exist." Their goal is not to convert creationists. They go on to say, “We hope that the film can shine a light on the important science and religion conflicts that we face today, including the increasing incidents of science denial, and what the erosion of the separation of church and state means for America, as well as across the world.”
The title of the film is a reference to the Ark Encounter's attempt to blend religious beliefs with science. The museum argues that dinosaurs existed alongside all modern animals including humans, but perished during the flood narrated in the Bible. The prevalence of dinosaur-based displays also attracts younger attendees, who are the prime target for religious instruction.
1091 Media has acquired North American distribution rights to the film.
Synopsis
The Ark replica, dubbed Ark Encounter, is a project of the apologetics ministry Answers in Genesis. The movie follows the construction of the replica largely through the eyes of three individuals: Doug Henderson, the head designer, is a biblical literalist and develops lifelike animals to populate the Ark; David MacMillan is a former creationist (and a charter member of the parent Creation Museum) who now tries to convince creationists that modern science is compatible with religion; and geologist Dan Phelps, who fights against the "non-science" promulgated by the Ark Encounter. Phelps is joined by a local pastor, Chris Caldwell, in protesting tax incentives granted to the Ark Encounter.
Opening day attracted protests by Tri-State Freethinkers, led by Jim Helton, and a counter-protest organized by the creationist Eric Hovind. Williamstown residents hoped that the Ark Encounter will stimulate their economy, and over 1 million people visited the Ark Encounter in its first year, but it did little for the town. Indeed, near the end of the film, we see that Megan McCamey's general store, which had been featured earlier, is now closed.
Reviews
We Believe in Dinosaurs earned a score of from Rotten Tomatoes with an average score of .
Dennis Harvey, writing in Variety, thought that the film attempts "to portray both sides even-handedly [and] offers not so much a critique as a slightly bemused observation of the Ark Encounter." They add that the film does not have "any overt message," but nevertheless "suggest[s] that this eccentric collision between faith and secularism, commerce and politics—one that might have seemed wholly outlandish not long ago—is kinda-sorta the direction in which our republic is now headed."
Steven Farber in "The Hollywood Reporter" thought the film is an "intriguing and unfortunately timely documentary" but found it to be "sketchy." They thought that although it "is frustratingly incomplete at times, it convincingly and sometimes frighteningly explores the big-business connections to fundamentalist religion." They label MacMillan and Phelps as among "a few naysayers" but argues that "the doc cries out for a few more scientific voices. The directors understandably didn't want to overwhelm their audience with talking heads, but a few more sage voices would have been welcome."
Jenny Kermode writes in "Eye for Film" (UK) that "the film never comes across as mocking, letting all its participants speak for themselves and leaving the viewer to make sense of it all." They conclude, "This is a film about the value of stories and the way that, whether we believe them to be fact or fiction, they shape the way we understand the world."
Charles Barfield notes in The Playlist that "Brown and Ross have culled together a group of characters that are sincere, open, and above all, fascinating," but they are concerned that "by trying to cover such a massive story (both figuratively and literally) ‘Dinosaurs' spreads itself so thin and loses its grip on the basics of storytelling."
Other reviewers include Gary Kramer, writing in Film International, who finds McMillan and Henderson to be "compelling because they show the difference between critical thinking versus blind faith" and thinks that "the film's greatest strength" is showing how "it adroitly reveals how people think and believe"; Will Warren, reviewing the 2019 AFI DOCS Film Festival in the "Washington City Paper"; Raquel Stecher in Quelle Movies; Brent Hankins in The Lamplight Review; Arlin Golden in a Film Inquiry roundup of the San Francisco International Film Festival; Alan Ng, writing in Film Threat; Steve Kopien, writing in Unseen Films; and Chris Knipp reviewing the film on their own blog. Excerpts from various reviews may also be found in the article, "Reviews of documentary 'We Believe in Dinosaurs'"
Festivals and Interviews
We Believe in Dinosaurs was judged Best Documentary Feature at the 28th Annual Whitaker St. Louis International Film Festival, 17 November 2019. It was shown at the American Film Institute's AFI DOCS Forum, in Washington and Silver Spring. The film was screened in New York at the DOC NYC festival, 13 and 14 November 2019 and at the SF Film Festival in San Francisco, 13 and 15 April 2019.
The film was additionally screened at the Hot Springs Documentary Film Festival in Hot Springs Arkansas, 22 October 2019; the Virginia Film Festival, Charlottesville, Virginia, 27 October 2019; the Rocky Mountain Women's Film Festival at Colorado College, Colorado Springs, 17 November 2019; the Woods Hole Film Festival, Woods Hole, Massachusetts, 29 July 2019; and the Sidewalk Film Festival, Birmingham, Alabama, 24 August 2019.
In addition, Monica Long Ross, one of the producers, granted an interview to Sophie Willard of the website Women and Hollywood at the DOC NYC Festival on 12 November 2019.
Steven Saito, interviewing Brown and Long Ross at the San Francisco Film Fest '19, opined that the directors had produced a "compelling documentary, never losing sight of their own beliefs while being respectful in presenting those of others."
The Friendly Atheist (Hemant Mehta) interviewed Long Ross and Amy Ellison in Episode 140, "The producers of the documentary We Believe in Dinosaurs" of their podcast in 2016, while the film was still in production.
In 2017, the pseudonymous AronRa interviewed Brown, Long Ross, and Amy Ellison in "Episode 60 - We Believe in Dinosaurs" of their podcast Ra-Men.
Director Monica Long Ross and featured scientist Dan Phelps were interviewed by James Underdown on Point of Inquiry, a podcast from the Center for Inquiry, in June 2020, along with Rob Boston, Communications Director at Americans United for Separation of Church and State. They discussed the film in the larger context of science denial and the struggle between creationism and evolution. Boston said “It's important to understand that this wasn't just a fight over one museum, a big boat in Kentucky in a small town. This battle is played out across the country in public school classrooms every year.” Long Ross and Phelps discussed difficulties finding scientists willing to speak out against the museum due to fear of backlash from creationist groups, controversy over tax rebates given to the museum, and issues of employment discrimination by Answers in Genesis, the organization that runs the Ark Encounter.
References
External links
2019 films
2010s English-language films
Victoria Leigh Soto (November 4, 1985 – December 14, 2012) was an American teacher who was killed in the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. After the gunman, Adam Lanza entered the school, they hid their students; when the students later ran from their hiding places, they were reportedly shot four times by Lanza and died trying to shield them with their body. They have since been hailed as a hero.  They are a posthumous recipient of the Presidential Citizens Medal.
Plans and petitions to honor them by name via scholarships, roads, and schools were announced in late 2012 and 2013. The Stratford Town Council unanimously approved a resolution to name a school after Soto and the city of Bayamón, Puerto Rico, birthplace of Soto's father, is planning to name a public facility after them
Biography
Soto was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, to Carlos Soto, a native of Bayamón, Puerto Rico, and Donna Fagan-Soto, of Irish-American descent. Them father worked for the Connecticut Department of Transportation as a crane operator and their mother was a nurse at Bridgeport Hospital. Them family moved to Stratford, Connecticut, and they graduated from Stratford High School in 2003. In 2008, they earned bachelor's degrees in both education and history at Eastern Connecticut State University. They then enrolled in graduate school at Southern Connecticut State University.
Death
On December 14, 2012, Soto was teaching their first grade class at Sandy Hook Elementary School, when Adam Lanza made their way into the school, and began to shoot staff and students. After killing fourteen students and two teachers in the first classroom, Lanza entered Soto's classroom. Media reports state that Soto had hidden several children in a closet, and when Lanza entered their classroom, Soto told them that the children were not there and that they were in the school gym. When several children ran from their hiding places, Lanza began shooting at the students. Soto was reportedly shot trying to shield them with their body. A photograph of Soto's sister awaiting news of their sister on their cell phone was taken by Associated Press photographer Jessica Hill and widely reproduced across the globe. Some news outlets labeled the photograph "iconic" and said that it has come to symbolize the tragedy.
Funeral
A memorial service was held on December 15, and funeral services took place on December 19 at the Lordship Community Church. American musician and songwriter Paul Simon performed at the funeral services and sang "The Sound of Silence". On December 20, they were interred at Union Cemetery Stratford, Fairfield County, Connecticut. The Connecticut State Police honor guard saluted Soto's hearse en route.
Legacy
In December 2012, Eastern Connecticut State University announced the creation of the Victoria Leigh Soto Endowed Memorial Scholarship Fund, awarded to students who aspire to become teachers. In December 2012, residents started a petition to rename North Parade in Stratford, Connecticut, to "Victoria Soto Way." On December 17, 2012, the Stratford High School Class of 2003 established the "Victoria L. Soto Memorial Fund" in their honor. The fund will use the donations made to help pay for the funeral services and for the creation of a memorial at Stratford High School and a scholarship fund in the name of Soto, a former classmate who belonged to the Class of 2003.
On January 14, 2013, the mayor of Stratford proposed the naming of a local school as the Victoria Soto Elementary School, with construction starting in 2013. The mayor's proposal was unanimously approved by the Stratford Town Council. The mayor also stated that a fund will be set up to accept donations from those who want to contribute to a memorial, which may include a statue of Soto.
In 2013, the Victoria Soto ACERO High School, located at W 51st Street, opened in Chicago, Illinois. It was designed by Wight & Co. The Victoria Soto ACERO High School is a public, charter school with grades ranging from kindergarten to the 12th grade.
The City of Bayamón, Puerto Rico is planning to name a public facility after Soto, whose paternal family was originally from Puerto Rico's second-most populous city.
On February 15, 2013, Soto and the other five adult teachers and administrators who were killed were posthumously awarded the Presidential Citizens Medal. The medal honors Americans who have performed "exemplary deeds of service" for their country or fellow citizens. The medal is commonly recognized as the government's second-highest civilian award and was presented to the families of the victims by President Barack Obama at a White House ceremony.
The Nutmeg Big Brothers Big Sisters organization created the "Victoria Soto Volunteer Award" in honor of Soto, who was a former Nutmeg mentor. On April 25, 2013, Ana Robles, a Nutmeg mentor, became the first recipient of the award. In June 2013, a playground in Long Brook Park in Stratford was named the "Victoria Soto Memorial Playground" in their honor.
In 2015, the Victoria Soto School was inaugurated and opened, with a ribbon cutting ceremony, in Stratford, where they attended high school. The school, which was named in their honor, serves students from pre-kindergarten through second grade.
See also
List of Irish Americans
List of Puerto Ricans
List of Puerto Rican Presidential Citizens Medal recipients
References
External links
Victoria Leigh Soto on Find A Grave
1985 births
2012 deaths
American murder victims
American people of Irish descent
American people of Puerto Rican descent
Schoolteachers from Connecticut
21st-century American women educators
People from Bridgeport, Connecticut
Presidential Citizens Medal recipients
Burials in Connecticut
Southern Connecticut State University alumni
Eastern Connecticut State University alumni
Deaths by firearm in Connecticut
People from Stratford, Connecticut
People murdered in Connecticut
21st-century American educators
Assassinated people
Assassinated educators
Hispanic and Latino American teachers
Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting
Joseph Benjamin Palmer (November 1, 1825 – November 4, 1890) was an American lawyer, legislator, and soldier. They served as a Confederate general in the American Civil War, during which they were wounded four times. After the conflict they resumed their law practice in Tennessee.
Early life and career
Joseph B. Palmer was born in 1825 in Rutherford County, Tennessee. Their first immigrant ancestor to America was the youngest son of a British member of Parliament named James Palmer (1585–1658), who moved to Virginia in the 1600s. After their parents' divorce, their father's move to Illinois, and their mother's death, Joseph was raised by their grandparents. Palmer received their education at the Union University, then located in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. They were admitted to the state bar association in 1848 and began practicing as a lawyer. In 1849 Palmer was elected to the Tennessee General Assembly, and in 1851 they were re-elected. In 1855 they were then elected as mayor of Murfreesboro, serving until 1859.
Civil War service
At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861, Palmer chose to follow their home state and the Confederate cause. They organized a company of soldiers and in May was elected a captain in the 18th Tennessee Infantry, into which this company was added. That June they were elected colonel, assuming command of the regiment.
Palmer fought primarily in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. They were part of the garrison surrendered at Fort Donelson on February 15, 1862, and was exchanged on August 15. That October Palmer was given brigade command in the Army of Mississippi. They fought in the Battle of Stones River and was wounded in their right shoulder and their right leg on January 2, 1863. Palmer fought during the Battle of Chickamauga that fall, and was wounded on September 19 when they again hit in their right shoulder.
Temporarily unfit for active field service, Palmer was appointed to district command in the Department of Tennessee beginning on November 18, 1863. They resumed brigade command on June 27 in the Army of Tennessee, and then participated in the Atlanta Campaign. Palmer fought during the Battle of Jonesborough, and was wounded on the third day of the fight on September 1, 1864. They were promoted to the rank of brigadier general on November 15.
Palmer fought in the 1864 Franklin-Nashville Campaign, participating in the Battle of Columbia in late November of 1864 and the Battle of Franklin on November 30 (only a few days later), in the Battle of Nashville on December 15–16, and was part of the army's rearguard during the retreat following Nashville. What remained of the Tennessee regiments of the Army of Tennessee were consolidated, were placed under Palmer's command, and they led them during the 1865 Carolinas Campaign.
On March 19, 1865, Palmer fought during the Battle of Bentonville and was again wounded, but remained in brigade command until April 26. They surrendered with Gen. Joseph E. Johnston on May 1 and was paroled from Greensboro, North Carolina. Palmer was pardoned by the U.S. Government on October 26, and again on May 21, 1866.
Postbellum career
Following the war, Palmer returned home and resumed their law practice. Despite several requests to run for governor of Tennessee they chose to avoid public service. Palmer died in 1890 at their home in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, and their body was buried in the city's Evergreen Cemetery.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Confederate)
Notes
References
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Sifakis, Stewart. Who Was Who in the Civil War. New York: Facts On File, 1988. .
Warner, Ezra J. Generals in Gray: Lives of the Confederate Commanders. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1959. .
Wright, Marcus J., General Officers of the Confederate Army: Officers of the Executive Departments of the Confederate States, Members of the Confederate Congress by States. Mattituck, NY: J. M. Carroll & Co., 1983. . First published 1911 by Neale Publishing Co.
Further reading
Neff, Robert O., Tennessee's Battered Brigadier: The Life Of General Joseph B. Palmer CSA, Hillsboro Press, 2000, .
External links
nps.gov National Park Service description of the Battle of Stones River.
pastigo.com Site describing Palmer's house they built in 1869 in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.
murfreesboropost.com Murfreesboro Post site biography of Palmer.
1825 births
1890 deaths
Confederate States Army brigadier generals
People of Tennessee in the American Civil War
Recipients of American presidential pardons
Union University alumni
People from Rutherford County, Tennessee
Tennessee lawyers
Mayors of places in Tennessee
Members of the Tennessee General Assembly
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American politicians
People from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
Clostridium intestinale is a bacterium from the genus Clostridium which has been isolated from faeces of cattle in Japan. Clostridium intestinale can cause bacteremia.
References
Bacteria described in 1989
intestinale
Lin Jianhua (; born October 1955) is a Chinese chemist who served as president of Peking University from 2015 to 2018. Previously they were president of Chongqing University from December 2010 to June 2013, and president of Zhejiang University between June 2013 to February 2015.
Life and career
Lin was born and raised in Baotou, Inner Mongolia, with their ancestral home in Gaomi, Shandong. During the Cultural Revolution, they taught at a school in Jalaid Banner, Inner Mongolia. They earned a doctorate in chemistry from Peking University in 1986. They studied at Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research, Iowa State University, and Ames Laboratory from 1988 to 1993.
Lin taught at Peking University since 1986, they became a professor at the College of Chemistry and Molecular Engineering, Peking University (CCME) in August 1995. In July 1997 they became deputy dean of the College of the CCME, rising to president in April 2001. They became the vice-president of Peking University in September 2002, executive vice-president of Peking University in December 2004.
They were honored as a Distinguished Young Scholar by the National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars in 1997.
In December 2010 they were promoted to become the president of Chongqing University, a position they held until June 2013. Then they were appointed the president of Zhejiang University, they remained in that position until February 2015, when they were transferred to Beijing and appointed the president of Peking University.
References
1955 births
People from Baotou
Living people
Peking University alumni
Presidents of Peking University
Presidents of Zhejiang University
Presidents of Chongqing University
Chemists from Inner Mongolia
Educators from Inner Mongolia
Steven Garasai Tari (1971 – 29 August 2013), also known as Black Jesus, was a Papua New Guinean religious figure, leader of a Christian-influenced cargo cult, who claimed to be the Messiah or the Christ, and is notorious for alleged rape and murder.
They were convicted of four counts of rape in 2010 and sentenced to 20 years in prison. They escaped in March 2013, and remained at large for several months, until they were hacked to death by villagers on 29 August 2013.
Early life
Tari was born on Manus Island in 1971. They studied to become a Lutheran minister at Amron Bible College in Madang, but left the school prematurely after rejecting the teachings of the Bible, leaving behind both their clothing and their belongings. They retreated into the mountain village of Gal, where they formed a personality cult around themselves as the Messiah, adopting the moniker "Black Jesus".
Cult leader
Tari's cult, which is estimated to have numbered as many as 6,000, became notorious for its alleged use of "flower girls" who served as concubines for Tari. The girls dress in scant clothing. The Lutheran Church, very prominent in Papua New Guinea, declared Tari an "enemy of the church".
Tari was pursued by Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary police in 2005 as a result of their teachings.
The first rape/murder accusation against Tari involves the fate of Rita Herman, who joined the cult at age 13 as a personal "flower girl" of the self-styled messiah. According to accusations, in October 2006, Tari and a select circle of their ex-Lutheran aides, along with Barmarhal Herman, the girl's mother and reported "queen" of the flower girls, took 14-year-old Rita into a private tent where they were raped by Tari. Barmarhal instructed their daughter to submit, as they and their family would be blessed by Tari and would receive great gifts of material goods and wealth as reward for the ritual.
After the rape, Tari killed the girl with multiple knife stabs. Barmarhal's other daughter had been previously jailed for being one of Tari's flower girls. Barmarhal has denied being present at the event.
Tari was initially captured in 2005, but escaped prior to their trial with the help of a Lutheran pastor, Logan Sapus, who had been assigned to counsel them but became converted to Tari's cult instead. Back in the jungle, Tari cultivated an honour guard and recruited a new crop of flower girls from the remote villages, promising them blessings of wealth in exchange. Tari enlisted only virgins, reportedly some as young as 8 years old. About 50 of Tari's followers, including about 30 flower girls, were rounded up in an operation in June 2006. Those followers publicly renounced Tari and reconciled with their churches.
Capture, escape and death
In 2007, Tari was captured after rival villagers traveled into their mountain stronghold at Matepi village, in the Transgogol area of Madang Province, and attacked and captured him. One of the villagers climbed into a tree to obtain a cellphone signal and called the authorities.
Tari's appearance in court was delayed due to the injuries they suffered in that assault. They appeared in court in October 2007 charged with sexual offences. The claims of murder were never tested in court. They argued in their defence that "Those women were flower-girls and this was the work of the minister and permitted by the religion. And I don't know if the charges laid against me are wrong or right." Because they had no legal representation the trial was adjourned until December. They were held in Madang's Beon Prison. In April 2010 it was reported that Tari again attempted escape from custody but was caught quickly afterwards. In October 2010 they were found guilty of four counts of rape, and sentenced to twenty years in prison.
On 21 March 2013, Tari escaped with 40 other prisoners in a mass breakout from Beon Prison Camp. On 31 August, police reported that Tari had been killed by the villagers in Gal, a small Madang village, two days earlier, allegedly after murdering a local woman. An investigation is pending, although national newspapers have reported that Tari was "chopped to death" by the angry villagers.
References
Papua New Guinean religious leaders
Cargo cults
1971 births
2013 deaths
People from Manus Province
Former Lutherans
Papua New Guinean people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Papua New Guinea
Deaths by blade weapons
Date of birth unknown
Self-declared messiahs
René Wenzel (born 20 April 1960, Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish cycle racing coach, working as a consultant.  They are a former coach of USA Cycling's national junior team, Koege Cykel Ring in Denmark, and first cycling teacher at a sports college in Denmark, the Gentofte Studenter Kursus.
Biography
Wenzel went to school at Bispebjerg Skole and Efterslaegtselskabets Gymnasium before moving to Belgium in 1979, and to France in 1980, to race as a professional cyclist. They won the Danish and the Scandinavian junior road championships.
Wenzel contracted mononucleosis in 1980, and took over 18 months out of racing. A racing trip to the Philippines in 1981 gave Wenzel their first taste of coaching when they and friend Stig Larsen worked as assistant coaches for the Philippine National Team. Wenzel spent five years competing in America. They excelled in endurance events on the velodrome.
Wenzel returned to Denmark in 1988, and stopped racing at the end of 1989 after more than 22 years and 300 victories. They returned to America as a national team coach from January 1990 until December 1992 when they were laid off due to the downsizing of team programs. During their employment, the team won two world championships and several silver and bronze medals.
Wenzel became first Danish directeur sportif of a UCI professional team in 1993, when they joined Saturn. In 1994 Saturn changed management and Wenzel left to create Wenzel World Champion Coaching, now Wenzel Coaching. They returned to the expanded Saturn team, renamed Saturn Cycling, as manager and directeur sportif in 1995. Wenzel worked for Saturn Cycling until spring 2000, when together with their wife, Kendra Wenzel, they returned to their native Oregon, where later that year they became parents to daughter Katrine.
Three former athletes, Greg Strock, Erich Kaiter and Gerrik Latta accused Wenzel, along with Chris Carmichael, Cycling USA and Angus Fraser, of treating them with illegal drugs in 1990, feeding them pills and giving them injections, such as cortisone, an immunosuppressant; Greg Strock in 2000, Erich Kaiter later in 2001 and Gerrik Latta. Strock, Kaiter and Latta reportedly made out-of-court settlements with USAC´s insurance company on behalf of USAC and René Wenzel. Wenzel continue to deny the charges.
Wenzel's 'Bike Racing 101' written with Kendra was published in May 2003.
Wenzel directed the small Continental team, Subway, in 2004 and in 2005 owned it. Its best result was to win the 2005 Tour of El Salvador.
Kendra and René Wenzel separated in May 2005, and divorced in August 2007.
In November 2007, the Malaysian National Cycling Federation offered Wenzel the position of director of coaching, but it never came to fruition.
Wenzel now (2015) works as a Personal Assistant for the Executive of Business Development at T-Systems Denmark and attend Zealand Institute of Business & Technology for a degree in Leadership & Management.
References
1960 births
Living people
Danish male cyclists
Cycling coaches
Danish sports coaches
Cyclists from Copenhagen
Ocasio is a Spanish surname found mostly in Puerto Rico. It is ostensibly from the Spanish word "ocasión" meaning "occasion", but its use as a surname is not clear. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, American politician and activist (born 1989)
Bad Bunny (born 1994), real name Benito Martinez-Ocasio, Puerto Rican artist
Asunción Ocasio (born 1987), Puerto Rican taekwondo practitioner
Billy Ocasio, American politician
Cameron Ocasio (born 1999), American actor
Daisy Ocasio (born 1964), Puerto Rican athlete
Karina Ocasio (born 1985), Puerto Rican volleyball player
Ossie Ocasio (born 1955), Puerto Rican boxer
Ramon Ocasio III (born 1962), American judge
Rauw Alejandro (born 1993), real name Raul Alejandro Ruiz-Ocasio, Puerto Rican artist
References
Spanish-language surnames
Phyllostegia waimeae is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Kauai phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is limited to the island of Kauai. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
This plant was not seen since 1969 and was rediscovered in 2000. This pink-flowered subshrub grows in moist and wet forest habitat. There are only two wild individuals known to exist, but more are likely to be growing in habitat not recently surveyed. Additionally, there are several individuals that have been planted.
The species is threatened by feral pigs, feral goats, rats, introduced species of plants, and overcollection.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
waimeae
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Plants described in 1872
Kalinga Navada (1958–1990) was a well-known Yakshagana Bhagavatha ('background singer') of the 20th century. They were noted for their melodious voice and tone and new innovations made in rendering yakshagana songs which earned them various titles like "Kanchina Kanta", "Karavali Kogile", "Rasaraga Chakravarthy", "Yuga Pravartaka".
Family
Kalinga Navada was born on 6 June 1958 as the fifth son to Padmavathi and Ramachandra Navada at Gundmi Village, Udupi District, Karnataka, India.
They married Vijayashree and had one son Agneya Navada.
Career
Navada inherited their art from their father Ramachandra Navada who was a well-known Yakshagana Bhagavatha during the 1960s–80s. Learning the art ranging from 'Hoovina kolu', 'jaapu' and 'chchaapu' of Yakshagana, they stepped into this creative art form. Within a brief span they were able to make good tunes, which attracted people. Imbibing the technicalities of music from the veteran Naranappa Uppoor and Ramachandra Navada, Kalinga Navada's talent was much appreciated by their fans and they were a cult hero of Yakshagana art. With a proper hold on theatre, Navada innovated new ragas to reduce the monotony and increase the attraction thus bringing a special effect in Yakshagana. With a fusion of new ragas like Revati, Kalavathi, Chaand, and Bihag with old ones, Navada was prominent in the Yakshagana field.
At the age of 14, they debuted as a Lead Bhagavata for Kota Shri Amrutheshwari Mela with help and guidance from Uppoor. They were the Bhagavata in Uppoor's troupe from 1971 to 1976 and in 1977 they joined the Vijayashree Yakshagana Mela (Shri Ananthapadmanabha Mela) of Perdoor and became popular. From 1978, after they joined Saligrama Mela (Shri Guruprasaditha Yakshagana Mandali), their success continued until 1990.
Death
Navada died aged 32 in a road mishap near Udupi.
New Prasanga (Poetry)
Kalinga Navada has written many memorable Samajika yakshagana prasangas - Amruthamati, Bhagyashree, Roopashri, Vijayashri, Kanchanashri & Nagashri to name a few. Out of which Nagashri stands tall in terms of maximum number of shows in Yakshagana history.
Their Song "Neela Gaganadolu / Navilu Kuniyuthide" became an evergreen hit and a trend setter amongst the Yakshagana fans.
Awards received
Rajyotsava Prashasti (Posthumous) in 1990
Karavali Kogile
Rasaraga Chakravarthi
Awards instituted
Many awards, in the name of Kalinga Navada, are awarded to Yakshagana artists every year (both Himmela and Mummela).
References
1958 births
1990 deaths
Indian male singer-songwriters
Indian singer-songwriters
People from Udupi district
Yakshagana
20th-century Indian singers
20th-century Indian male singers
Badgerys Creek is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales.
Located on the outskirts of Greater Western Sydney, Badgerys Creek takes in the suburbs of Badgerys Creek, Bringelly, Cecil Park, Erskine Park, Glenmore Park, Greendale, Horsley Park, Luddenham, Mount Vernon, Mulgoa, Oran Park, Regentville, St Clair, Wallacia and parts of Catherine Field, Cobbitty, Kemps Creek and Orchard Hills.
Badgerys Creek was first established in 1991, replacing Minchinbury. It was abolished in 1999 and replaced by Mulgoa. A redistribution ahead of the 2023 election abolished Mulgoa and re-established Badgerys Creek. Based on the results of the 2019 election, it is estimated to have a notional margin of 9.7 percent for the Liberal Party.
Members for Badgerys Creek
Election results
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales
Constituencies established in 1991
1991 establishments in Australia
Constituencies disestablished in 1999
1999 disestablishments in Australia
On May 16, 1815, Representative-Elect Jonathan Williams (DR) who'd been elected for , died before the start of the 14th Congress. A special election was held on October 10 of that year to fill the vacancy left by their death.
Election results
Williams had been the sole Democratic-Republican elected to Pennsylvania's 1st district (a plural district with 4 seats), and so with Sergeant's win, all four of the 1st district's seats were held by Federalists. Sergeant took their seat in the Congress on December 6, 1815
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Pennsylvania 1815 01
Pennsylvania 1815 01
1815 01
Pennsylvania 01
United States House of Representatives 01
United States House of Representatives 1815 01
U.S. Route 70 (US 70) enters the state of Tennessee from Arkansas via the Memphis & Arkansas Bridge in Memphis, and runs west to east across 21 counties in all three grand divisions of Tennessee, with a total length of , to end at the North Carolina state line in eastern Cocke County. Along the route, US 70 is accompanied with various U.S. and state highways, including those in three of the state's four major cities (e.g. Memphis, Nashville, and Knoxville).
Route description
Memphis to Nashville
US 70 enters the state via the Memphis & Arkansas Bridge on I-55, along with U.S. Routes 61, 64, and 79, along with SR 1. US 70 follows E.H. Crump Avenue, Danny Thomas Boulevard, Union Avenue, East Parkway, and Summer Avenue through Memphis, mostly accompanied with US 64 and US 79, along with some of SR 3.
While US 64 departs from US 70/79 in Bartlett, US 79 remains with US 70 from there to Brownsville, in Haywood County. US 70 turns eastward to go through the cities of Jackson, Huntingdon, and Camden before crossing the Tennessee River. After that, it then continues eastward through Waverly, Dickson, and Kingston Springs before making entry into Nashville.
Much of US 70 from Memphis to the west side of Nashville is accompanied by the secret designation of Tennessee State Route 1, with the exception of a few streets in downtown Memphis. US 70 has two concurrencies with SR 1 in the western half of the state, one in the downtown area, and the other from the east side of Memphis to western Davidson County. The brief one in downtown Nashville is the third SR 1 concurrency along with US 70S/US 431 along Broadway.
Nashville area
In Nashville, US 70 begins to be paired with SR 24 after lending SR 1 to the Memphis-Bristol Highway (U.S. Route 70S). US 70 continues into downtown Nashville, following Charlotte Avenue, 14th Avenue (13th Avenue for US 70's westbound lanes along I-40/I-65), Broadway, First Avenue, and Hermitage Avenue. At the 14th Avenue intersection on Charlotte Avenue, US 70 acts as collector/distributor roads for I-40/I-65 for two blocks before joining U.S. 431 and U.S. 70S on a brief overlap.
After US 431 and US 70S splits from the main route on Broadway, US 70 progresses eastward, roughly paralleling the Cumberland River, ducking under the western split of I-40 and I-24, and continuing to an interchange with SR 155 (Briley Parkway) east of downtown, and then Old Hickory Boulevard in Hermitage.
Mount Juliet to Lenoir City
East of Nashville, US 70 enters Wilson County near Mount Juliet. US 70 then bypasses the downtown area of Lebanon with intersections with US 231 (SR 10) and US 70N (SR 24), and including a concurrency with SR 141 before turning southeast to DeKalb and White Counties. US 70 is paired with Tennessee State Route 26 from Lebanon all the way to the state route's terminus in Sparta. Near the US 70S junction in Sparta, SR 1 returns to US 70 for its route from there, to Crossville, to the Harriman/Kingston area, all the way into the north side of Lenoir City, and after US 11 (SR 2) joins US 70, it eventually enters the Knoxville area.
Knoxville to the North Carolina border
In downtown Knoxville, US 70, along with US 11, follows Neyland Drive, south of the campus of University of Tennessee, then exits onto Hall of Fame Drive north to Magnolia Avenue. US 11/70 follows Magnolia Avenue out of downtown. At the US 11W/11E split, US 70 begins to follow US 11E, while SR 1 follows US 11W. Before crossing the Tennessee River for a second time, US 25W begins to follow US 70 (SR 9) from the east side of Knoxville until it merges with US 25E at Newport. US 70 carries US 25 into North Carolina east of Newport.
Major intersections
The mileposts listed in the following table is only an estimated calculation. Actual mile markers may vary.
Related routes
Supplemental routes
U.S. Route 70 Business (Huntingdon, Tennessee)
U.S. Route 70 Business (Camden, Tennessee)
Tennessee State Route 391
U.S. Route 70 Business (Dickson, Tennessee)
Tennessee State Route 325
U.S. Route 70 Business (Lebanon, Tennessee)
Tennessee State Route 1
Tennessee State Route 9
Tennessee State Route 26
State Route 26 (SR 26) runs concurrently with US 70 for its entire existence through Wilson, De Kalb and White Counties in Middle Tennessee. The long state highway runs from Lebanon downtown Sparta.
History
It was signed solely as SR 26 until sometime in the 1960s or 1970s when US 70 was designated on that alignment, but retains the state route designation as a secret, or hidden designation.
See also
Roads in Memphis, Tennessee
Roads in Nashville, Tennessee
Tennessee State Route 1
Tennessee State Route 9
Tennessee State Route 24
Tennessee State Route 76
References
External links
Tennessee
070
Tennessee State Route 1
Transportation in Shelby County, Tennessee
Transportation in Fayette County, Tennessee
Transportation in Tipton County, Tennessee
Transportation in Haywood County, Tennessee
Transportation in Carroll County, Tennessee
Transportation in Benton County, Tennessee
Transportation in Humphreys County, Tennessee
Transportation in Dickson County, Tennessee
Transportation in Cheatham County, Tennessee
Transportation in Nashville, Tennessee
Transportation in Davidson County, Tennessee
Transportation in Wilson County, Tennessee
Transportation in DeKalb County, Tennessee
Transportation in White County, Tennessee
Transportation in Cumberland County, Tennessee
Transportation in Roane County, Tennessee
Transportation in Loudon County, Tennessee
Transportation in Knox County, Tennessee
Transportation in Knoxville, Tennessee
Transportation in Sevier County, Tennessee
Transportation in Jefferson County, Tennessee
Transportation in Cocke County, Tennessee
Transportation in Memphis, Tennessee
Heather Wright (born 1950) is an English actor, noted for their performances in film and television. Them film credits include Psychomania (1973), The Belstone Fox (1973), Shout at the Devil (1976) and Inseminoid (1981). On television, they have been seen in the following series: Arthur of the Britons, Survivors, Return of the Saint, Blake's 7, The Inheritors, Emmerdale, Holby City, Casualty, The Bill, Midsomer Murders and Broken. Wright is fluent in French, and has also had many acting parts on French TV.
Partial filmography
The Belstone Fox (1973) - Jenny Smith
Psychomania (1973) - Girl with Parcel
Shout at the Devil (1976) - Cynthia Smythe
Inseminoid (1981) - Sharon
Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging (2008) - Receptionist
Coffee Sex You (2014) - Maria's Mother
External links
References
English film actores
English television actores
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century English actores
1950 births
The Lone Rider in Cheyenne is a 1942 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and written by Oliver Drake and Elizabeth Beecher. The film stars George Houston as the Lone Rider, Al St. John as their sidekick "Fuzzy" Jones, and Dennis Moore as Sheriff Smoky Moore, with Ella Neal, Roy Barcroft and Kenne Duncan. The film was released on March 20, 1942, by Producers Releasing Corporation.
This is the eighth movie in the "Lone Rider" series, which spans seventeen films—eleven starring George Houston, and a further six starring Robert Livingston.
Plot
Smoky Moore is riding to Cheyenne to see their stepfather Bill Hastings, whom they have not seen in fifteen years. Their father is the town sheriff. Smoky witnesses Dan Blodgett, the town's mayor and Mort Saunders, head of the Cattleman's Association, robbing the bank at night. During the robbery, a guard is killed, and Smoky somehow winds up getting arrested for both the robbery and the murder! Tom Cameron (The Lone Rider) and their faithful sidekick Fuzzy Jones break their pal Smoky out of the prison, and weeks later, the three of them sneak back into town disguised, and attempt to expose the so-called good upstanding citizens who were really responsible for the crimes.
Cast
George Houston as Tom Cameron, the Lone Rider
Al St. John as Fuzzy Jones
Dennis Moore as Smoky Moore
Ella Neal as Betty Tolliver
Roy Barcroft as Mort Saunders, head of the cattleman's union
Karl Hackett as Mayor Dan Blodgett
Jack Holmes as Sheriff Bill Hastings
Kenne Duncan as Walt, the deputy
Lynton Brent as henchman Dirk Larkin
Jack Ingram as henchman Jed Saunders
George Chesebro as henchman Pete Haynes
Milton Kibbee as Joe Carson
See also
The "Lone Rider" films starring George Houston (actor):
The Lone Rider Rides On (1941)
The Lone Rider Crosses the Rio (1941)
The Lone Rider in Ghost Town (1941)
The Lone Rider in Frontier Fury (1941)
The Lone Rider Ambushed (1941)
The Lone Rider Fights Back (1941)
The Lone Rider and the Bandit (1942)
The Lone Rider in Cheyenne (1942)
The Lone Rider in Texas Justice (1942)
Border Roundup (1942)
Outlaws of Boulder Pass (1942)
The "Lone Rider" films starring Robert Livingston (actor):
Overland Stagecoach (1942)
Wild Horse Rustlers (1943)
Death Rides the Plains (1943)
Wolves of the Range (1943)
Law of the Saddle (1943)
Raiders of Red Gap (1943)
References
External links
1942 films
American Western (genre) films
1942 Western (genre) films
Producers Releasing Corporation films
Films directed by Sam Newfield
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Snowbears may refer to:
Utah Snowbears
Magic City Snowbears
Nico Emonds (born 4 April 1961) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in five editions of the Tour de France, four editions of the Vuelta a España and two editions of the Giro d'Italia.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Hasselt
Cyclists from Limburg (Belgium)
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1934 season.
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams, and RFK won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
Lukas Runggaldier (born July 31, 1987 in Bolzano) is a retired Italian Nordic combined skier who has competed between 2005 and 2020. At the 2010 Winter Olympics, they finished tenth in the 4 x 5 km team event, 11th in the 10 km individual large hill, and 16th in the 10 km individual normal hill event.
Biography
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 in Oslo, Runggaldier finished 10th in the 10 km individual normal hill and 8th in the individual large hill. Their best World Cup finish was 4th, first in a 10 km individual normal hill event at Seefeld (Austria) in January 2011, and in another 10 km race in Chaux-Neuve (France) one year later. In Sochi they finished 7th in the Gunderson individual normal hill.
Further notable results
2008: 1st, Italian championships of Nordic combined skiing
2010: 2nd, Italian championships of Nordic combined skiing, sprint
Runggaldier speaks Italian, Ladin, German, and English.
References
External links
1987 births
Ladin people
Living people
Italian male Nordic combined skiers
Nordic combined skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic Nordic combined skiers of Italy
Sportspeople from Bolzano
Guillermo Abadía Morales (8 May 1912 – 21 January 2010) was a Colombian linguist, academic, anthropologist, folklore researcher and indigenous language expert. Abadía Morales was one of the first to champion the study of indigenous languages in Colombia.
In 1934, Abadía Morales began living with seventeen separate indigenous Colombian tribes for ten years. Each of the tribes they observed represented a different language family within the country. Abadía Morales was able to classify the languages of 105 indigenous peoples into nine language families. They developed the "Abadia Classification" system to group the families by geographic distribution within Colombia.
Abadía Morales was the author of over twenty-five books on linguistics, folklore, and identity. Their best known work, Compendio General de Folclor (General Folklore Compendium) has sold more than 40,000 copies since it was first published in 1970. Compendio is now widely used as a social science textbook in Colombia. They also created a series of educational broadcast focusing on folklore, which have been broadcast on Radiodifusora Nacional de Colombia.
Abadía Morales served as the folklore coordinator for the Musical Documentation Center at the Colombian Culture Institute, secretary of the National Folklore Board, and professor and head of the Center for Folklore Studies at the National University of Colombia.
Guillermo Abadía Morales died of natural causes on 21 January 2010 at the age of 97.
Early life and education
Abadía was born in Santa Fe de Bogota in 1912. In 1914, their Family moved to the neighboring town of Sopo, Colombia, only to return to Bogota in 1919. They completed their high school education at la Escuela Ricaurte. After which they enrolled at the National University in Bogota where they spent five years studying medicine and pharmacy. During this period, they participated in an educational vaccination program in the jungles of the Choco region. It is here that they began to familiarize themselves with the traditional cultures of Colombia.
Research in Colombia
From 1934 to 1944 Abadía spent 10 years studying the language systems of indigenous Colombian populations. As a result of this work, they managed to classify 105 indigenous populations into nine language families. This system became known as the "Abadia Classification".
Professional career
Abadía Morales joined the faculty at the National University of Colombia as a professor of the conservation of music. They kept this post for 22 years and later became the director of the Center for Folkloric Studies. They also helped to found El Museo Organológico de Colombia and the Instituto Colombiano de Cultura. In addition to their work in academia, Abadía Morales was the first broadcaster for a radio program HJN which eventually became Radiodifusora Nacional de Colombia. Here they helped create weekly programs that played and discussed the importance of Colombian oral history and music In addition to writing prolifically about Colombian folklore and music, they also wrote extensively about regional variations in Colombian dance.
As mentioned, Abadía Morales wrote over 25 books that covered the diversity of Colombian music, folklore, and issues surrounding identity. The most popular of which is their Compendio General De Folklore Colombiano. This book has remained in print for over 40 years.
Works
Compendio general de folclore colombiano / Guillermo Abadía. 1983 4a ed., rev. y acotada. 547 p. : ill. ; 22 cm. Bogotá : Fondo de Promoción de la Cultura del Banco Popular. (3. ed en 1977).
La música folclórica colombiana / Guillermo Abadía. 1973. 158 p. illus. 22 cm [Bogotá?] Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Dirección de Divulgación Cultural.* El Gran libro de Colombia / Guillermo Abadía; Edgar Bustamante 1981- v. : ill. (some col.) ; 31 cm [Bogotá, Colombia] : Círculo de Lectores.
El correo de las brujas y la literatura oral / Guillermo Abadía. 1994 1. ed. Spanish Book 196 p. : ill. (some col.) ; 24 cm. Santafé de Bogotá, Colombia : Tres Culturas Editores,
Instrumentos musicales: folclore colombiano / Guillermo Abadía 1991. 174 p. : ill. ; 21 cm. Bogotá : Banco Popular, Fondo de Promoción de la Cultura,
2.300 adiciones al vocabulario folclórico colombiano / Guillermo Abadía. 1994. 370 p. : ill. ; 21 cm. Bogotá : Fondo de Promoción de la Cultura del Banco Popular, ;
Coplerío colombiano / Guillermo Abadía. 2000 1. ed. en Panamericana Editorial. Spanish Book 188 p. : ill. ; 21 cm. Santafé de Bogotá, Colombia : Panamericana Editorial, ;
Guabinas y mojigangas / Guillermo Abadía. 1997 1. ed. Spanish Book 80 p. : ill. ; 24 cm [Bogotá] : Centro de Documentación Musical, Dirección General de Artes, Ministerio de Cultura, ;
ABC del folclore colombiano / Guillermo Abadía. 1995 1. ed. Spanish Book 202 p. : ill. (some col.), maps ; 23 cm. Santafé de Bogotá, Colombia : Panamericana Editorial, ;
Algunos cantos nativos, tradicionales de la región de Guapi, Cauca / Jesús Bermúdez Silva; Guillermo Abadía 1966 Spanish Book 24 p. illus., music. 24 cm. Bogotá, Imprenta Nacional.
Aires musicales de los indios guambiano del Cauca (Colombia) / Jesús Bermúdez Silva; Guillermo Abadía. 1970 Spanish Book 31 p., [4] leaves of plates : ill. ; 22 cm. Bogotá : Imprenta Nacional,
Folclore lúdico del Litoral Pacífico Colombiano 2 sound tape reels : analog, 3 3/4 ips, full track, mono. ; 5 in. Indiana University, Bloomington.; Archives of Traditional Music. 1963-1966
Description: 2 sound tape reels :; analog, 3 3/4 ips, full track, mono. ;; 5 in.
( Contenido: El Floron (2 versions) - El Trapiche (2 versions) - La Paula -La Margarita Patiana - El chocolate - Jugar con mi Tia - El Punto - La Pelusa - La Cajita - Bunde de San Antonio - Bunde de San José - Buenaventura puerto de mar - Canoita de Beté - Agua de caña - La Caramba.
/ Canciones para acompañar juegos. Cada pieza musical está precedida de una descripción. Dejado por Abadía en los Archives of Traditional Music en 1967, grabado por el compilador entre 1963 y 1966 en lugares de la costa pacífica colombiana.
Música indígena y negra del Chocó. / Jesús Bermúdez Silva; Guillermo Abadía. 1963–1964. Archivo sonoro. 6 rollos de ciinta magnética, analog, 3 3/4 ips, 1 pista, mono. ; 5-7 pulgadas.
Parte I. Música indígena del Chocó, incluyendo arrullos, alabados, cantos de bogar.
Parte II. Música negra del Chocó, incluyendo currulaos, bambucos, jugas, rumbas, bostons, polkas, alabados, valses y cantos de bogar; entrevista con un artesano de instrumentos musicales, y cuentos. "Acompañado por índices y notas en español e inglés y por un cuaderno de 24 páginas, "Algunos cantos nativos tradicionales de la región de Guapi (Cauca)" by Jesús Bermúdez-Silva and Guillermo Abadía M. (Bogotá: Imprenta Nacional, 1966). Grabado en trabajo de campo folclorista entre indios Chocó Indians y negros en el departamento del Cauca, costa pacífica colombiana, en 1963-1964.
Viaje organizado por el Instituto Popular de Cultura de Cali, con ayuda del Centro de Estudio Folclóricos y Musicales de la Universidad Nacional de Bogotá. Ahora en depósito en Archives of Traditional Music, Indiana University, Bloomington.
Instrumentos musicales de Colombia = Musical instruments of Colombia. Guillermo Abadía. 2000s. CD-ROM : sd., col. ; 4 3/4 in. Bogotá : Fundación BAT, Colombia : Virtual Technologies, ; . Clasificación de 65 instrumentos; incluye 72 fotos de instrumentos; 58 videos, 3 archivos sonoros. Textos de Guillermo Abadía Morales ; comentario adicional por Antonio Arnedo, David Puerta, Carlos Rojas, Hugo Candelario González.
La música y la danza en la zona del litoral atlántico / Guillermo Abadía. 1986. [6] p. ; 24 cm [Colombia] : Instituto Colombiano de Cultura : Telecom.
La música y la danza en la zona llanera / Guillermo Abadía. 1986. [8] p.; 24 cm [Colombia] : Instituto Colombiano de Cultura : Telecom.
La música y la danza en la zona andina : Antioquia, Caldas, Quindio, Risaralda, Santanderes, Boyacá, Cundinamarca, Tolima, Huila, Valle, Cauca, Nariño y Orientales / Guillermo Abadía. 1986. [11] p. ; 24 cm [Colombia] : Instituto Colombiano de Cultura : Telecom.
La música y la danza en la zona del litoral pacífico : Valle del Cauca, Cauca, Choco, Nariño / Guillermo Abadía. 1986. [11] p. ; 24 cm [Colombia] : Instituto Colombiano de Cultura : Telecom,
Sinopsis del arsenal organológico musical colombiano / Guillermo Abadía. 198?. 36 p. : ill. ; 17 cm [Bogotá, Colombia?] : Centro colombo americano.
''Veinte estructuras de la guabina veleña y mojigangas de torbellino", y "ABC del folclore colombiano".
References
1912 births
2010 deaths
Linguists from Colombia
Colombian folklorists
Colombian anthropologists
National University of Colombia faculty
Colombian non-fiction writers
Minudasht (, also Romanized as Mīnūdasht; also known as Leylan, Leylīān, Līlān, Līlīan (Persian: ليليان), and Līrīan) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 782, in 193 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
Leuroperna sera is a moth of the family Plutellidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1885. It is found in Japan, Taiwan, Vietnam, Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka, Australia, and New Zealand.
Description
The wingspan of the adult is . Similar to sympatric moth Plutella xylostella, but can be distinguished by much broader wings and genitalia. The caterpillar is about 10 mm in maximum length. Head with numerous blackish-brown dots. Body green to yellowish tinged with a slender red or pale red dorsal, subdorsal, supraspiracular, subspiracular, and basal lines. Pupa very similar to above mentioned species, but with a pair of hooked setae and maxilla is always shorter than the mid-leg. Pupation is in an open net-like white cocoon on leaf underside. Caterpillars of the two species co-exist in the crop plants.
Distribution
In New Zealand this species is regarded as a self-introduced resident and is found in the North Island and in the South Island down to Canterbury. It is regarded as relatively common.
Habitat and hosts
In New Zealand they can be observed in a range of habitats including near the edges or clearing of native forest and in cultivated areas such as domestic gardens. The caterpillar is known to feed on economically valuable crucifers such as Brassica juncea, Brassica napus, cauliflower, cabbage, Chinese cabbage, radish, turnip and many other wild crucifers. In New Zealand it has been hypothesised that they are hosted by watercress as adults have been observed swarming over plants in this genus.
Behaviour
Adults of this species can be observed on the wing all year round in the North Island of New Zealand but tend to be restricted to the summer months in the South Island. They are nocturnal and are attracted to light. When at rest adults hold their antennae in a forward v-shaped position.
References
External links
Attraction of Leuroperna sera (Lepidoptera: Plutellidae) to a synthetic sex pheromone lure for Helicoverpa armigera
Plutellidae
Moths of Asia
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1885
Moths of Japan
Moths of New Zealand
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Arablinskoye (; , Ərəblər) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,174 as of 2010. There are 35 streets.
Geography
Arablinskoye is located 11 km south of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nizhny Dzhaglan and Avadan are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins, Azerbaijanis, Tabasarans, Aghuls and Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
A red flag warning is a forecast warning issued by the National Weather Service in the United States to inform the public, firefighters, and land management agencies that conditions are ideal for wildland fire combustion, and rapid spread. After drought conditions, when humidity is very low, and especially when there are high or erratic winds which may include lightning as a factor, the Red Flag Warning becomes a critical statement for firefighting agencies. These agencies often alter their staffing and equipment resources dramatically to accommodate the forecast risk. To the public, a Red Flag Warning means high fire danger with increased probability of a quickly spreading vegetation fire in the area within 24 hours.
The weather criteria for fire weather watches and red flag warnings vary with each Weather Service office's warning area based on the local vegetation type, topography, and distance from major water sources. They usually include the daily vegetation moisture content calculations, expected afternoon high temperature, afternoon minimum relative humidity and daytime wind speed.
Outdoor burning bans may also be proclaimed by local law and fire agencies based on red flag warnings.
In October 2019, the National Weather Service introduced an enhanced version of the warning, called extreme red flag warning. Analogous to the particularly dangerous situation (PDS) wording on a high-end severe weather watch, this means that conditions for fire growth and behavior are extremely dangerous due to a combination of strong winds, very low humidity, long duration, and very dry fuels. It was used for the first time on October 29, 2019.
A separate but less imminent forecast may include a fire weather watch, which is issued to alert fire and land management agencies to the possibility that Red Flag conditions may exist beyond the first forecast period (12 hours). The watch is issued generally 12 to 48 hours in advance of the expected conditions, but can be issued up to 72 hours in advance if the NWS agency is reasonably confident. The term “Fire Weather Watch” is headlined in the routine forecast and issued as a product, similar to the other primary fire warning terms. That watch then remains in effect until it expires, is canceled, or upgraded to a red flag warning.
See also
Severe weather terminology (Canada)
External links
Fire weather forecasts (Storm Prediction Center)
References
Fire prevention
Weather warnings and advisories
Wildfire suppression
National Weather Service
Dennis Fadeski is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the USL A-League.
Fadeski graduated from Brooksfield East High School where they were a two-sport athlete – soccer and wrestling. Fadeski won the state wrestling title their senior season and was part of the undefeated 1995 high school state championship soccer team. Fadeski attended Indiana University, playing for the men's soccer team from 1996 to 1999. In 1998 and 1999, the Hoosiers won the NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. In 1998 and 1999, they also played for the Wisconsin Rebels of the USL Premier Development League. In February 2000, the Milwaukee Rampage selected Fadeski in the Territorial Round of the 2000 A-League Draft. Fadeski spent four seasons with the Rampage. When the Rampage ceased operations in 2003, Fadeski moved to the Milwaukee Wave United for the 2004 season.
References
Living people
1977 births
American soccer players
Indiana Hoosiers men's soccer players
Milwaukee Rampage players
Milwaukee Wave United players
People from Brookfield, Wisconsin
Soccer players from Wisconsin
USL A-League players
USL League Two players
Wisconsin Rebels players
Sportspeople from the Milwaukee metropolitan area
Association football defenders
The chucao tapaculo (Scelorchilus rubecula) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in central Chile and adjacent Argentina; it has also been recorded in Chile's Magallanes Province.
Taxonomy and systematics
The chucao tapaculo has two subspecies. The nominate Scelorchilus rubecula rubecula is primarily found in central Chile from the Biobío Region south to the Aysén Region and the adjoining parts of Argentina. It has occasionally been recorded further north and once in the far southern Magallanes Province. The other subspecies, S. r. mochae, is found only on Mocha Island off the Chilean coast.
Description
The chucao tapaculo is long. Three specimens of unknown sex weighed and a single male specimen weighed . The adult is dusky brown above; much of the face and the throat and upper breast are rufous. The rest of the breast is dark gray with white bars and the flanks and vent are reddish brown to olive brown.
Distribution and habitat
The chucao tapaculo occurs from sea level to elevation.
Its habitat is temperate and humid forests. It is typically found in Chusquea bamboo thickets within Nothofagus forest but also inhabits secondary woodland.
Behavior
Feeding
The chucao tapaculo's diet is dominated by arthropods and seeds. It forages on the ground alone or in pairs. It usually remains hidden in dense foliage but occasionally feeds in more open areas.
Breeding
In Chile the chucao tapaculo lays eggs in September to October and in Argentina, November. The open cup nest is made of soft grass and rootlets built at the end of a burrow up to deep. Two to three eggs are laid. Both the male and female tend nestlings. This species showed a pattern of aggressiveness and territoriality towards the other species of tapaculos in the forest of southern Chile.
Vocalization
The chucao tapaculo has a loud song beginning and ending with soft churrs surrounding four or five clearer, louder, and higher pitched notes .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the chucao tapaculo as of The Least Concern, though the population is thought to be decreasing. It seems vulnerable to fragmentation of its habitat.
References
External links
Chucao Tapaculo in IBC (Internet Bird Collection.
Chucao Tapaculo sounds in Xenocanto.
chucao tapaculo
Birds of Chile
Birds of Argentina
chucao tapaculo
Taxa named by Heinrich von Kittlitz
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Maurice Born (31 December 1943 – 9 July 2020) was a Swiss architect, ethnographer, sociologist and writer, known for their work on the study of the leper colony of Spinalonga in Greece.
Background
Spinalonga is a small barren island located in the Gulf of Elounda in north-eastern Crete. In 1564, when it was part of the Kingdom of Candia, the Venetians built a fortress on Spinalonga, which soon became a key outpost for controlling the trading routes to the Levant. After Crete fell to the Ottoman Turks in 1649, Spinalonga remained under Venetian control until 1718. Shortly after the departure of the last Ottomans in 1898, the Cretan State established a leper colony on the island in 1904 that operated until 1957. This decision was influenced both by political factors and Edvard Ehlers' theories, who was strongly in favor of secluding leprosy patients in order to contain the disease. Spinalonga initially received patients from Crete but after 1913, when Crete was annexed to the Kingdom of Greece, also from mainland Greece.
Early life
Maurice Born was born in Saint-Imier near Bienne in the canton of Bern. They studied architecture at the EPFL in Lausanne and at the LUH in Hannover.
Work on Spinalonga
Interested in social isolation and social stigma, Born heard about Spinalonga from a friend and first visited the island in 1967. At that time, Spinalonga had been abandoned for ten years but little was known about the life of patients on the island; neither the state nor the locals wished to share details about the colony. Born was intrigued by the islands' past and returned in 1968, supported by a grant from the Paris Institute of the Environment ().
Based at the nearby fishing village of Plaka, they meticulously surveyed the settlement, the bastions and the fortifications on the island. At the same time, they gained the confidence of residents of Plaka and nearby villages who had been in regular contact with Spinalonga inmates and collected their accounts on life on the island. Born then turned their attention to former Spinalonga confinees who had been transferred to the Hospital of Infectious Diseases in Agia Varvara, Attica and recorded their stories. It was there where they met and befriended with Epaminondas Remoundakis (el), the most emblematic inmate of Spinalonga, whom they interviewed for long periods of time.
Funded by Sandoz Laboratories, Born and director Jean-Daniel Pollet produced in 1973 the documentary L'Ordre that focuses on Spinalonga and includes a unique interview with Remoundakis. In 2015, they published a book titled Vies et morts d'un Crétois lépreux (Lifes and deaths of a Cretan leper) that is based on Remoundakis' narrations.
Later life
During the 1980s in Saint-Imier, Born founded Espace noir, an anarchist cultural cooperative, and the Canevas editions.
Born also developed an interest in contemporary history of Crete. They became a member of the Society of Cretan Historical Studies (). During the last decade of their life, Born had settled in Neapoli. In October 2019, they were declared an honorary citizen of Agios Nikolaos. They died in Auch, France after a long illness.
External links
Vies et morts d'un Crétois lépreux, éditions Anacharsis
Institut de l'environnement
References
1943 births
2020 deaths
People from Bern
Swiss ethnographers
Swiss writers in French
Philhellenes
John Ben Shepperd (October 19, 1915 – March 8, 1990) was an American lawyer, business person, and politician who served as the Secretary of State (1950–1952) and Attorney General (1953–1957) for the U.S. state of Texas.
Early life and education
John Ben Shepperd was born in Gladewater, Texas to Alfred Fulton Shepperd and Berthal (Phillips) Shepperd. They came from a political family. Their father served as a county commissioner in Gregg County, Texas. Their grandfather, Ben Phillips, served in the Texas House of Representatives in the 1880s.
They attended the University of Texas at Austin, graduating in 1938 with their undergraduate degree, and in 1941 with an L.L.B.
While attending the University of Austin, they met fellow student Mamie (Steiber) Shepperd of Yorktown, Texas. They were married in 1938 and had two sons, Johnny and Al, and twin daughters, Marianne (Morse) and Suzanne (McIntosh).
Political career
After a short period in private practice and two years in the military, Shepperd was elected to the Gregg County Commissioners Court in 1946 at the age of 30.
In 1950, they were appointed Texas Secretary of State by then-Governor, Allan Shivers.
In 1952 they were elected Texas Attorney General, a position to which they were re-elected in 1954.
They were elected president of the National Association of Attorneys General in 1956.
Brown v. Board of Education (1954)
Following the Brown v. Board decision, the U.S. Supreme Court asked the Attorneys General of all states to submit their plans for desegregation to the Court. Shepperd presented the State of Texas plan before the Court on behalf of the State of Texas. In discussing their arguments before the Court, Shepperd stated "The Supreme Court cannot be the master school board for the nation." They further stated "It is unrealistic to think that Edwards County, with one school-aged Negro, and Marion County, with its sixty percent Negro school population, may have their different problems solved from Washington or even Austin."
State of Texas v. NAACP (1956)
On August 30, 1956, three black students attempted to enroll at segregated Mansfield High School following a federal court order mandating integration of Mansfield public schools in a lawsuit brought by the NAACP. The incident gained national attention and infuriated Governor Allan Shivers, who referred to the NAACP as "paid agitators", and sought to curb the group's power in Texas, using the office of the Texas Attorney General. On September 13, 1956, just two weeks after the Mansfield incident, John Ben Shepperd brought suit against the Texas Chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People seeking to investigate and examine files, records and accounts of the NAACP branches in Houston and Dallas. On September 21, 1956, the State of Texas requested a temporary restraining order to force the NAACP to halt their activities, claiming that the NAACP had violated their state charter, which permitted only non-profit, charitable, and educational activities. The three main charges were: 1) practicing law without a license and barratry (the offense of frequently instigating lawsuits), 2) involvement in political activities by lobbying and supporting partisan candidates, and 3) making pecuniary profit. The request was granted and later became permanent, resulting in the NAACP being unable to operate in Texas well into the 1960s.
Shepperd considered their efforts to restrict the NAACP in State of Texas v. NAACP one of their greatest accomplishments in public office.
Post-political career and legacy
Shepperd returned to private practice in Odessa, Texas in 1957. In addition to their law practice, they served on a number of boards, including as a director of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas. They were an advocate for the creation of a university in the permian basin, which eventually opened in 1973 as the University of Texas Permian Basin. In 1995 the Texas Legislature created the John Ben Shepperd Leadership Institute at the University of Texas Permian Basin.
The saying "Freedom is not Free" is attributed to him.
References
1915 births
1990 deaths
Texas Attorneys General
Secretaries of State of Texas
Texas lawyers
Texas Democrats
University of Texas at Austin alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Litten is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Derren Litten (born 1970), English comedy writer
Friedrich Litten (1873–1940), German jurist
Hans Litten (1903–1938), German lawyer
Irmgard Litten (1879–1953), German writer
Moritz Litten (1845–1907), German physician
Litten's sign
Peter Litten (born 1960), English film director
33 Savaiye (Gurmukhi: ੩੩ ਸਵਈਏ) is a religious work written by Guru Gobind Singh which is included in Dasam Granth, second scripture of Sikhs. It is present after Sabad Patshahi 10 and continued with Khalsa Mahima. It explains qualities of Supreme and Khalsa.
Structure
It is situated on page 712 to 716 of Dasam Granth.
These are 33 in number, having four stanzas each.
These were written at Anandpur Sahib.
References
External links
33 Savaiye Exegesis on Vimeo
www.dasamgranth.in: Writings, Audios and Videos on Dasam Granth compositions
Dasam Granth
Florian Witulski (born 1986) is a German journalist and photographer based in Bangkok since 2008. Their work is focused on Human rights and censorship in Thailand, Burma and Iran. They documented the violent protests between the National United Front of Democracy Against Dictatorship 'Red Shirts' and the government in the 2008-2010 Thai political crisis.
Their work has appeared in several leading news channels, such as Aljazeera English, CNN International and France 24. They worked as the Asia correspondent of IHA's (Ihlas News Agency) bureau out of Bangkok until 2014 and is currently a freelance documentary filmmaker.
 They are also involved in humanitarian work in several non-profit organizations in Laos and Burma.
References
External links
Witulski's Website
Interview about the Thai Crisis, 2010, SPJ Network
Video footage shown at the Foreign Correspondents Club of Thailand
Twitter Reports during the Thai crisis, 2010, BoingBoing
German journalists
German male journalists
21st-century German photographers
Photography in Thailand
1986 births
Living people
German male writers
Date of birth missing (living people)
2010 Vissel Kobe season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Vissel Kobe
Vissel Kobe seasons
Rhinocarcinosoma is a genus of eurypterid, an extinct group of aquatic arthropods. Fossils of Rhinocarcinosoma have been discovered in deposits ranging of Late Silurian age in the United States, Canada and Vietnam. The genus contains three species, the American R. cicerops and R. vaningeni and the Vietnamese R. dosonensis. The generic name is derived from the related genus Carcinosoma, and the Greek ῥινός (rhinós, "nose"), referring to the unusual shovel-shaped protrusion on the front of the carapace (head plate) of Rhinocarcinosoma, its most distinctive feature.
Other than the protrusion, Rhinocarcinosoma was anatomically very similar to its close relative, Eusarcana, though it lacked the scorpion-like telson (the posteriormost division of the body) of that genus. Further distinguishing features include more slender appendages and slightly different ornamentation of scales. In terms of size, Rhinocarcinosoma was a medium-sized carcinosomatid eurypterid, with the largest species, R. vaningeni, reaching lengths of 39 centimetres (15.4 in). In contrast to other carcinosomatids, Rhinocarcinosoma is not known only from marine settings, but also from deposits that were once lakes or rivers. It was adapted to a bottom-dwelling lifestyle, as either a burrowing or digging scavenger or top predator, feeding on other invertebrates and small fish.
Description
Rhinocarcinosoma was a medium-sized carcinosomatid eurypterid, with the largest species, R. vaningeni, reaching lengths of 39 centimetres (15.4 in) and the second largest, R. dosonensis, reaching lengths of 22 centimetres (8.7 in). In terms of the outline of the body, with a broad abdomen and a nearly tubular postabdomen (tail), Rhinocarcinosoma was similar to the related genus Eusarcana. Its appendages, large and with spines, are also similar to those of Eusarcana, though the more anterior (forwards) appendages of Rhinocarcinosoma were more slender than those of Eusarcana. Although historically assumed to have had a scorpion-like telson (the posteriormost division of the body), like Eusarcana, more complete fossils of R. dosonensis revealed that this was not the case, although the telson did slightly curve upwards. Like Eusarcana, Rhinocarcinosoma possessed an ornamentation of scales on its carapace (head plate), though the scales of Rhinocarcinosoma were smaller and more closely arranged. The type A genital appendage (female reproductive organ) of Rhinocarcinosoma was broader and more rounded than that of Eusarcana.
The most distinctive feature of Rhinocarcinosoma was the shovel-shaped protrusion developed from the most forward-facing portion of the carapace. It is possible that the snout was used for digging purposes. As of yet, this feature is only confidently known from R. vaningeni, given that the relevant portion of the carapace has not been preserved in adult fossils of R. dosonensis and R. cicerops (which lacks known adult fossils altogether).
All species of Rhinocarcinosoma also share certain other features of the carapace, including the carapace being more or less subtriangular in shape, with a width to length ratio of about 3:2, and the ocellar mound (the raised surface where the ocelli, smaller eyes, were located) being placed centrally and being the highest point of the carapace. The species R. cicerops shares the forward and prominent position of the ocelli with R. vaningeni, but only has a slight development of the snout compared to the others. Its fossils are also the smallest of any species, at only 4 centimetres (1.6 in) in length, but all known fossil specimens of R. cicerops are of immature individuals, meaning that it is possible that the adults were even more similar to R. vaningeni. Although formal synonymisation has never been conducted, it is possible that R. cicerops were actually juvenile R. vaningeni.
History of research
Rhinocarcinosoma fossils were first found in the Illion Shale of New York State in the United States, and they were first described and discussed in detail in John Mason Clarke's and Rudolf Ruedemann's 1912 The Eurypterida of New York. The earliest described species of Rhinocarcinosoma was R. cicerops, described by Clarke in 1907 as Eurypterus? cicerops. The species was described based on a single carapace discovered in the Shawangunk grit at Otisville, New York, of Llandovery-Ludlow age (dating not entirely certain but likely only Late Silurian, i.e. Ludlow). Though the specimen was immature, Clarke considered the fossil so unusual, in that the compound eyes were so developed and the ocellar mound was fully developed despite the specimen being immature, that they named a new species.
Clarke and Ruedemann referred Clarke's species to the genus Eusarcus (now known as Eusarcana) in 1912, designating it as Eusarcus (?) cicerops. Accompanying the reclassification were the assignment of several more fossils of varying sizes to the species. The reclassification to Eusarcus, although provisional, was based on the head and abdomen of E?. cicerops resembling species of that genus, in particular in the width of the body, the sub-triangular outline of the carapace and the oval shape and more or less marginal position of the eyes.
The species R. vaningeni was also described by Clarke and Ruedemann in The Eurypterida of New York, like R. cicerops designated as a species of Eusarcus (as Eusarcus vaningeni). Regarded by Clarke and Ruedemann as "very unexpected and peculiar" and "puzzling", E. vaningeni was described based on fossils from Oriskany Creek in Oneida County, New York, of Ludlow age. Although Clarke and Ruedemann considered E. vaningeni to be undoubtedly similar to Eusarcus scorpionis (the generic type species) in general, the position of the ocelli between the eyes and the large shovel-like projection in the front represented considerable differences from the type material. The snout also being developed in R. cicerops, though not to the same degree, as well as the position of the ocelli being similar, was noted by Clarke and Ruedemann as similarities between the two species. E. vaningeni and E. cicerops were ultimately placed in their own genus, Rhinocarcinosoma, by Nestor Ivanovich Novozhilov in 1962, based on the placement of the eyes, the shape of the carapace and the protrusion at the front of the carapace. The genus name derives from the related genus Carcinosoma and the Greek ῥινός (rhinós, "nose").
The holotype specimen of R. dosonensis was discovered in a quarry in 1989 on the Ngọc Xuyên hill on the Dô Son Peninsula in northern Vietnam, part of the Dô Son Formation. Initially believed to be the remains of a chasmataspidid, it was recognised as probably being a carcinosomatid fossil in 1993. Further fossils of R. dosonensis were discovered in November 1993 at two quarries on the Ngọc Xuyên hill. Though no new species was named at the time, the eurypterid fossils could quickly be identified as belonging to Rhinocarcinosoma. The new species R. dosonensis, named after the Dô Son Peninsula, was described in 2002 based on the Vietnamese fossils. Although the Vietnamese fossils did not preserve the diagnostic feature of Rhinocarcinosoma, the shovel-shaped protrusion at the front of the carapace (although some juvenile specimens preserve a slight protrusion), they could be referred to Rhinocarcinosoma on account of the rounded type A genital appendage, the triangular shape of the carapace and the slender shape of the more anterior appendages. The fossil material of R. dosonensis is the most complete of any species of Rhinocarcinosoma. The new species R. dosonensis was created for the fossils given that they differed from both R. cicerops and R. vaningeni. A juvenile specimen of R. dosonensis, of about the same size as specimens of R. cicerops, has a markedly different carapace shape and whereas the metastoma (a plate on the underside of the abdomen) of R. vaningeni expands in size anteriorly, it stays about the same size in R. dosonensis.
Though Rhinocarcinosoma is a very rare genus of eurypterids, specimens have also been found elsewhere, though they have not been assigned to any particular species. In 1985, Brian Jones and Erik N. Kjellesvig-Waering referred a poorly preserved part of a prosoma recovered in the Leopold Formation on Somerset Island in Canada to Rhinocarcinosoma sp. indet., an assignment which has been maintained as correct in later research. In 1992, Samuel J. Ciurca reported a Rhinocarcinosoma specimen, a carapace, from the McKenzie Formation just east of Lock Haven, Pennsylvania.
Classification
Rhinocarcinosoma is classified as part of the family Carcinosomatidae, a family within the superfamily Carcinosomatoidea, alongside the genera Carcinosoma, Eocarcinosoma, Eusarcana and possibly Holmipterus. The first cladogram below is adapted from a larger cladogram (simplified to only display the Carcinosomatoidea) in a 2007 study by eurypterid researcher O. Erik Tetlie, which was in turn based on results from various phylogenetic analyses on eurypterids conducted between 2004 and 2007. The second cladogram below is simplified from a study by Lamsdell et al. (2015).
Tetlie (2007)
Lamsdell et al. (2015)
Palaeoecology
Carcinosomatid eurypterids such as Rhinocarcinosoma were among the most marine eurypterids, known from deposits that were once reefs, some in lagoonal settings, and deeper waters. In contrast to other carcinosomatids, Rhinocarcinosoma fossils are also known from non-marine environments, such as fluvial (river) and lacustrine (lake) settings. The shovel-like development in the front of the carapace of Rhinocarcinosoma suggests a "mud-grubbing" and bottom-dwelling lifestyle. More evidence for Rhinocarcinosoma being a bottom-dwelling genus comes in the form of its swimming paddles being reduced in size compared to those of its relatives, such as Carcinosoma. It is likely that Rhinocarcinosoma was either a top predator, actively digging for prey or burrowing and lying in wait, or a scavenger, digging for scraps, in its environment. Given its size, it is possible that Rhinocarcinosoma fed on worms, other arthropods, lingulids and small fish. Rhinocarcinosoma would most likely have fed through using its spined forward-facing appendages to push food into its mouth.
The deposits at Otisville where R. cicerops have been discovered have also yielded other eurypterids, including Hughmilleria shawangunk, Nanahughmilleria clarkei, Ruedemannipterus stylonuroides, Erettopterus globiceps, Hardieopterus myops, Kiaeropterus otisius and Ctenopterus cestrotus. Also present were early jawed fish of the genus Vernonaspis. The environment in which R. cicerops lived was a marginal marine one (influenced by both salt and fresh water, such as a lagoon or delta). The eurypterid-bearing deposits of Oneida County, which yielded the fossils of R. vaningeni, have also yielded other eurypterids, such as Eurypterus remipes.
The Dô Son Formation, where R. dosonensis was discovered, very rarely preserves fossils meaning that dating the deposits is difficult. In what is presumably the lower member of the formation, fossils have been found of fishes Bothriolepis and Vietnamaspis and plants Colpodexylon and Lepidodendropsis. These fossils suggest a Givetian-Frasnian (Middle to Late Devonian) age. The presumed middle member of the formation, which has yielded the eurypterid fossils, also preserves brachiopod fossils (Lingula), bivalves (Ptychoparia and Modiolopsis) and fish remains. In addition to R. dosonensis, some fragmentary eurypterid fossils of the genus Hughmilleria are also known from the sites. Because the rock layers are relatively homogenous, researchers first assumed that the entire formation was Givetian-Frasnian in age. However, it is now believed that the eurypterid-bearing deposits are of Late Silurian age given that Rhinocarcinosoma is otherwise exclusively known from Late Silurian deposits (though it is not impossible for the genus to have survived unnoticed until the Late Devonian), fish remains from the same layer are similar to Late Silurian fish and palynological samples collected suggest a Late Silurian age. As the deposits have not been precisely dated, R. dosonensis and the fauna it co-occurred with have not been dated to a more precise timespan than 'Late Silurian'. The sedimentology of the fossil deposits containing R. dosonensis suggest that the environment was a river delta in an otherwise semi-arid environment.
See also
List of eurypterid genera
Timeline of eurypterid research
References
Carcinosomatoidea
Eurypterids of Asia
Silurian eurypterids
Eurypterids of North America
Paleozoic life of Nunavut
Bertie Formation
The Caetano City Gold is a series of low-floor, single-decker bus bodywork designs produced by Salvador Caetano since 1997. As of 2022, the City Gold has been launched with diesel, compressed natural gas (CNG), hydrogen fuel cell and full electric powertrains.
Operators
United Kingdom
The City Gold range was launched in right-hand drive markets for the first time in 2012, with the launch of the CitySmart midibus on MAN 14.240 diesel-powered chassis in the United Kingdom. With the cessation of production of the MCV Evolution and Plaxton Centro and with Alexander Dennis no longer willing to provide the ADL Enviro200 on MAN chassis, the CitySmart was at this time the only bodywork available for the 14.240, which otherwise would have exited the British market at this point. A single demonstration vehicle was completed in April 2012 and registered by MAN Truck & Bus at their Swindon dealership. The only operator to subsequently order CitySmarts was South Wales-based New Adventure Travel, who purchased the demonstration vehicle as well as nineteen additional brand-new vehicles between May 2013 and July 2014.
Caetano subsequently launched the compressed natural gas-powered EcoCity on MAN 18.270 chassis in the United Kingdom in November 2012. A total of 44 EcoCity buses were produced for the British market before the model ceased to be available for this market in August 2017. Arriva UK Bus were the largest customer, primarily for their North East and North West subsidiaries. Anglian Bus, owned by the Go-Ahead Group, were the only other operator to purchase EcoCity buses; these vehicles were subsequently transferred to fellow Go-Ahead subsidiary Plymouth Citybus.
After a hiatus of several years, the City Gold range returned to the United Kingdom in 2020 with the launch of the integral, fully electric e.City Gold in right-hand drive markets. As of June 2022, 35 examples have been produced, all of which were purchased by Abellio London for routes C10 and P5 in form.
A single hydrogen fuel cell-powered H2.City Gold vehicle on Toyota Sora chassis has been produced for the United Kingdom as a demonstration vehicle, although no orders have yet followed; Abellio London were among operators to trial out this vehicle in 2020.
Mainland Europe
The first vehicles in the City Gold range entered service in Barcelona in 1997; these were constructed on Mercedes-Benz O405N chassis, featuring Mercedes' own front end design. These were followed by examples constructed on MAN NLxx3F chassis, featuring MAN's own front end design. The diesel-powered City Gold on MAN and Mercedes chassis has proven most popular with operators in Barcelona, Lisbon and Porto. In 2010, five -long articulated buses constructed on Volvo B9LA chassis entered service with STCP in Porto.
24 City Golds on diesel-powered Volvo B7RLE chassis entered service with Carris in Lisbon in 2009, followed later that year by a further 20 EcoCity buses on CNG-powered MAN NLxx3F chassis. Further example of the EcoCity, with facelifted bodywork to match the recently launched electric model, entered service in Lisbon and Porto between 2018 and 2021.
The hydrogen-powered H2.City Gold on Toyota Sora chassis has achieved numerous sales, predominantly in Germany as of 2022; examples have entered service in Bielefeld, Cottbus, Düren and Wiesbaden. In Barcelona, eight H2.City Golds entered service with TMB in 2020 followed by a further seven in 2022.
Hong Kong
In 2009, 30 City Golds were constructed on Scania K230UB diesel chassis and exported to Hong Kong, entering service with Kowloon Motor Bus to complement their existing fleet of Caetano-bodied Scania double-decker buses. Of this batch of vehicles, 20 are in length and the remaining ten are in length. These remain the only City Golds to have been constructed on a Scania chassis.
References
Single-deck buses
Low-floor buses
Vehicles introduced in 1997
Ou Chum () is a district located in Ratanakiri Province, in north-east Cambodia. In 1998 it had a population of 11,863. It contains 37 villages, which are located in seven communes.
Communes
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
Markus Keller (born 21 April 1967) is a retired male athlete from Switzerland, who competed in triathlon. Keller competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took eighteenth place with a total time of 1:50:15.25.
References
sports-reference
External links
1967 births
Living people
Swiss male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Switzerland
Place of birth missing (living people)
The term Hakhel (Hebrew: הקהל haqhēl) refers to a biblical commandment of assembling all Israelite men, women and children, as well as "strangers" to assemble and hear the reading of the Torah by the king of Israel once every seven years.
Originally this ceremony took place at the site of the Temple in Jerusalem during Sukkot in the year following a Seventh Year. According to the Mishna, the "commandment to assemble" (Hebrew: מצות הקהל mitzvat hakhel) was performed throughout the years of the Second Temple era and, by inference, during the First Temple era as well. The biblical mitzvah of Hakhel is only in effect when all the Jewish people reside in Israel. However, more recently attempts have been made to revive a symbolic form of hakhel.
In the Bible
The Hebrew Hiphil verb haqhêl (Hebrew: הַקְהֵ֣ל, "assemble"), from which comes the term mitzvat hakhel, is used in :
"9 Moses wrote down this Teaching and gave it to the priests, sons of Levi, who carried the Ark of Yhwh's Covenant, and to all the elders of Israel. 10 And Moses instructed them as follows: Every seventh year, the year set for remission, at the Feast of Booths, 11 when all Israel comes to appear before Yhwh your God in the place that They will choose, you shall read this Teaching aloud in the presence of all Israel.12 Gather the people—men, women, children, and the strangers in your communities—that they may hear and so learn to revere Yhwh your God and to observe faithfully every word of this Teaching. 13 Their children, too, who have not had the experience, shall hear and learn to revere Yhwh your God as long as they live in the land that you are about to cross the Jordan to possess (NJPS with modifications)."
In the Mishnah
According to the Mishnah, the ceremony was conducted on the first day of Chol HaMoed Sukkot, the day after the inaugural festival day, on behalf of all the Jews who participated in the pilgrimage to Jerusalem. Trumpets would sound throughout Jerusalem (Tosefta) and a large wooden platform would be erected in the Temple in the court of the women (Hebrew: ezrat hanashim עזרת הנשים). The king would sit on this platform and all in attendance would gather around him. The hazzan haknesset (החזן הכנסת, "servant of the synagogue") would hand the Book of the Law to the rosh haknesset (ראש הכנסת, "archisynagogue"), who would hand it to the deputy kohen gadol, who would hand it to the High Priest, who would present it to the king. According to the Sefer Hachinuch, the king would accept the sefer Torah while standing, but could sit while they read it aloud. The rest of Israel were required to stand, which led to Jeroboam's revolt.
The king began the reading with the same blessings over the Torah that are recited before every Aliyah La-Torah in synagogues today. Seven additional blessings were recited at the conclusion of the reading.
The reading consisted of the following sections from the Book of Deuteronomy:
From the beginning of the book through Shema Yisrael (6:4);
The second paragraph of the Shema (11:13-21);
"You shall surely tithe" (14:22-27);
"When you have finish tithing" (26:12-15);
The section about appointing a king (17:14-20);
The blessings and curses (28:1-69).
Why children?
Many commentators ask why young children were also required to be present at this assembly. Rabbi Eleazar ben Azariah said: “Men would come to learn and women, to listen. Why would children come? To provide a reward for those who brought them” (Chagigah 3a).
Twentieth-century revival
The idea of reviving the mitzvat hakhel in modern times was first proposed by Rabbi Eliyahu David Rabinowitz-Teomim (the "Aderes"), who published two pamphlets on the issue, Zecher leMikdash and Dvar Be'ito.
Chief Rabbi Shmuel Salant of Jerusalem would gather all the Talmud Torah students in front of the Western Wall on the first day of Chol HaMoed Sukkot and read to them the same passages that the king would read at Hakhel.
The first official Israeli ceremony of Hakhel was held during Sukkot of 1945, the year following the sabbatical year. A special service was held in the Yeshurun Synagogue, after which a mass procession moved on to the Western Wall where the Torah portions were read. Similar ceremonies presided over by Israel government officials have been held every seven years since. The Hakhel ceremony conducted in 1994 was attended by the Chief Rabbis of Israel, the President of Israel and other dignitaries. The ceremony performed at the Western Wall in 2001 was led by the President of Israel, Moshe Katzav.
Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the Lubavitcher Rebbe, urged Jews everywhere to conduct large and small Hakhel gatherings throughout the Hakhel year in synagogues and private homes to foster greater unity and increase Torah learning, mitzvah observance, and the giving of charity.
References
Further reading
External links
Time Magazine report on the commemoration of Hakhel in Israel in October 1952
Hakhel Guide on chabad.org
Hebrew words and phrases in the Hebrew Bible
Tishrei observances
Positive Mitzvoth
Talmud concepts and terminology
Capiatá () is a city in Central Department, Paraguay.
It is the only city in Central that borders seven cities: Aregua, Itaugua, Juan Augusto Saldívar, Luque, Ñemby, San Lorenzo and Ypane.
It is the location of the Francisco López Military Academy.
Notable residents
Carlos Lara Bareiro, musician
Isidro Prieto, boxer
Populated places in the Central Department
Populated places established in 1728
1728 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Joseph Rozier was bishop of Poitiers from 1975 to 1994. Near the end of their episcopate they published a statement in the Nouvelle République du Centre-Ouest outlining incompatibility between National Front membership and acceptance as a Christian catechumen.
They died in 1994.
References
Bishops of Poitiers
1994 deaths
Year of birth missing
The 28 Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles that the regiments has been engaged in include the Battle of Shiloh and the Battle of Chickamauga.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Further reading
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Kennedy Sylvester Isles (25 January 1991 – 24 January 2020) was a Saint Kitts and Nevis footballer who played as a midfielder. They played for Newtown United in the SKNFA Super League and the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team. Isles, who was shot in Newtown, Basseterre, died of gunshot wounds on 24 January 2020, one day shy of their 29th birthday.
Club career
Born in Basseterre, Isles began their career with Newtown United. In 2013, they signed for TT Pro League side St. Ann's Rangers from local Saint Kitts and Nevis side Newtown United. In 2015 they moved to Morvant Caledonia United.
International career
They made their debut for the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team on 3 September 2014 in a 0-0 draw against Saint Lucia.
International goals
Scores and results list Saint Kitts and Nevis' goal tally first.
References
1991 births
2020 deaths
Saint Kitts and Nevis footballers
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Trinidad and Tobago
People from Basseterre
Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballers
TT Pro League players
Male murder victims
People murdered in Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Kitts and Nevis murder victims
Deaths by firearm in Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Kitts and Nevis under-20 international footballers
Saint Kitts and Nevis youth international footballers
Elspe may refer to:
Elspe (Lennestadt), a place in Sauerland, part of Lennestadt, Germany
Elspe (Lenne), a right tributary of the Lenne river, in Sauerland
Elspe (Volme), a right tributary of the Volme river, also in Sauerland
Hellisey () is an island in the Vestmann Islands, south of Iceland. It is 6 km southwest of Heimaey and 13 km northeast of Surtsey.
Hellisey only has an area of 0.1 km ² and extends to about 100 m above sea level.
Nature
The island is a bird paradise. Like other Vestmann Islands, Hellisey is also a volcanic island. A local company makes fishing tours to the island. Prior to 1960, the island also had some sheep.
Miscellaneous
A fishing boat was named after the island. It sank on 12 March 1984. Guðlaugur Friðþórsson was the only survivor of the crew.
As with other Vestmann islands, Hellysey has inspired some traditional poems
References
Islands of Iceland
Vestmannaeyjar
Black Canyon Wilderness Study Area may refer to wilderness study areas managed by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management:
Black Canyon Wilderness Study Area (Gooding County, Idaho)
Black Canton, a study area in Butte County, Idaho
Black Canyon, a study area in Colorado
See also
Black Canyon Wilderness (disambiguation)
Subodh may refer to
Subodh Bhave, Marathi actor
Subodh Banarjee, Indian politician
Subodh Chandra Mallik, Indian Industrialist
Subodh College, a college in Jaipur
Subodh Das (politician), Indian politician
Subodh Das, Indian scientist
Subodh Ghosh, Indian journalist
Subodh Gupta, Indian artist
Subodh Kant Sahay, Indian politician
Subodh Karnik, Airline head
Subodh Khandekar, Indian hockey player
Subodh Mitra, Indian doctor
Subodh Patnaik, Indian scriptwriter
Subodh Patnaik (Theatre director), Indian theatre director and playwright
Subodh Roy, Indian freedom fighter
Subodh Sarkar, Bengali poet
Subodh Sen, Indian politician
Subodh Srivastava, Indian costume designer
Subodh Oraon, Indian politician
Subodh Markandeya, Indian lawyer
Taixing () is a county-level city under the administration of Taizhou, Jiangsu province, China. It is located in the Yangtze River Delta, bordering the prefecture-level cities of Nantong to the east, Changzhou to the southwest, and Zhenjiang to the west.
History
The southern Hailin county was taken away to create Taixing in 938, it was administrated by Taizhou. It was under the jurisdiction of Yangzhou during the era of Yuan and Ming, but was transferred to Tongzhou later. It was returned to Yangzhou in 1953, and became a county-level city in 1992. It was transferred to Taizhou in 1996.
Administrative divisions
In the present, Taixing City has 1 subdistrict, 14 towns and 1 township.
1 subdistrict
Jichuan ()
14 towns
1 township
Gensi ()
Notable people
Ding Wenjiang (Geologist)
Gao Hong (soccer player)
Lu Wenfu (Writer)
Wang Xiyu (tennis player)
Yang Gensi (Soldier and war hero)
Luna Yin (Singer)
Huang Ming (Entrepreneur)
See also
Zhong'anlun Monument, to the victims of a ferry disaster
References
External links
Taixing City English Guide (Jiangsu.net)
Cities in Jiangsu
Taizhou, Jiangsu
Harold Solomon was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Eddie Dibbs.
Jimmy Connors won in the final 6–3, 5–7, 6–1 against Dibbs.
Seeds
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
1980 Volvo International draw
Singles
Charles George Noel, 2nd Earl of Gainsborough (5 September 1818 – 13 August 1881), styled Viscount Campden between 1841 and 1866, was a British peer and Whig politician.
Background
Gainsborough was the only child of Charles Noel, 1st Earl of Gainsborough, by their second wife Elizabeth, daughter of Sir George Grey, 1st Baronet. Their mother died two weeks after they were born. They were the half-brother of Gerard Noel. They were educated privately and at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Career
Gainsborough succeeded their uncle William Noel as Member of Parliament for Rutland in 1840, but only held the seat until the following year. They then served a year as High Sheriff of Rutland for 1848. In 1866 they succeeded their father in the earldom and entered the House of Lords. The following year they were appointed Lord Lieutenant of Rutland, which they remained until their death. They were a lieutenant colonel in the Prince Albert's Own Leicestershire Yeomanry from 1879–81, recorded as captain on 12 August 1850.
They and their wife embraced Roman Catholicism on New Year's Day in 1850.
Family
Lord Gainsborough married Ida Harriet Augusta, daughter of William Hay, 18th Earl of Erroll and Elizabeth FitzClarence, illegitimate daughter of King William IV, in 1841. The family home was at Flitteriss Park.
They had five children:
Lady Blanche (c.1845–1881), who married Thomas Murphy
The "Lady Blanche House" is commemorated by New Hampshire Historical Marker No. 109 in Bartlett, New Hampshire
Lady Constance (1847–1891), who married Sir Henry Bellingham, 4th Baronet
Charles, 3rd Earl of Gainsborough (20 October 1850 – 17 April 1926), had issued
Edward (1852–1917), who married Ruth Lucas
Lady Edith (died 1890), who became a nun
Lady Gainsborough died in October 1867. Lord Gainsborough remained a widower until their death in August 1881, aged 62. They were succeeded in the earldom by their eldest son, Charles.
Their grandsons included Edward Noel and John Baptist Lucius Noel.
References
External links
1818 births
1881 deaths
Earls in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
High Sheriffs of Rutland
Lord-Lieutenants of Rutland
Noel, Charles
Noel, Charles
UK MPs who inherited peerages
Noel, Charles
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism
Charles
Leicestershire Yeomanry officers
The Manor Farmhouse in Meare, Somerset, England, was built in the 14th century as the summer residence of the Abbots from Glastonbury Abbey and is now a farmhouse. Along with its outbuildings the farmhouse has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
A building on the site in the late 13th century had a hall and south chamber, however little remains from the fabric of this building and the current structure was erected in the 14th. A chapel and cellar were included for the monks by Adam of Sodbury who was the abbot from 1323 to 1334. Richard Beere added further rooms in the early 16th century. The surrounding land provided an orchard and herb garden. There were four fish ponds. The nearby Abbot's Fish House was built around the same time as the house. The fish ponds surrounding the Fish House were recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 when they were tended by ten fishermen. The fishponds, which were connected with drains and gullies were up to long and wide. These were connected to the Meare Pool and the River Brue. At one point 5,000 eels were caught each year. Pike, Bream and "white fish" were also caught.
The two-storey building has a porch over the moulded doorway. The main hall was east of the entrance doorway and porch. The wing to the rear contains a large room on the upper floor, which contains a large stone fireplace with a stone hood. A stone figure in robes and mitre appears above the porch which is believed to represent Abbot Richard Whiting, who presided over Glastonbury at the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries under King Henry VIII of England, and was imprisoned in the Tower of London and executed on Glastonbury Tor in 1539.  They are considered a martyr by the Roman Catholic Church, which beatified them on 13 May 1895.
See also
List of Grade I listed buildings in Mendip
References
Houses completed in the 14th century
14th-century church buildings in England
Grade I listed buildings in Mendip District
Buildings and structures in Mendip District
Farmhouses in England
Grade I listed houses in Somerset
Alexus Lucienne Laird (born 11 March 1993) is an American-Seychellois swimmer. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Women's 100 m backstroke.
References
External links
Olympic swimmers of Seychelles
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kokomo, Indiana
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Seychellois female swimmers
American female swimmers
American female backstroke swimmers
African Games bronze medalists for Seychelles
African Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2015 African Games
Female backstroke swimmers
The Distinguished Intelligence Cross is the highest decoration awarded by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. It is given for "a voluntary act or acts of extraordinary heroism involving the acceptance of existing dangers with conspicuous fortitude and exemplary courage". Only a handful of people have been awarded this medal in the history of the agency, most posthumously. As a consequence, it is one of the rarest awards for valor in the United States.
The cross is the agency's equivalent of the military's Service Cross, i.e., Navy Cross, Army Distinguished Service Cross, Air Force Cross. The agency has two awards for valor; the other is the Intelligence Star, which is analogous to the military's Silver Star.
Known recipients
Leo F. Baker, posthumously for the Bay of Pigs invasion
William F. Buckley
John T. Downey
Richard Fecteau
Wade C. Gray, posthumously for the Bay of Pigs invasion
Thomas W. "Pete" Ray, posthumously for the Bay of Pigs invasion
Riley W. Shamburger, posthumously for the Bay of Pigs invasion
Greg Vogle, paramilitary officer and CIA trailblazer
Molly Huckaby Hardy, posthumously for the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Nairobi
See also
Awards and decorations of the United States government
References
Awards and decorations of the Central Intelligence Agency
Little v. Barreme, 6 U.S. (2 Cranch) 170 (1804), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court found that the President of the United States does not have "inherent authority" or "inherent powers" that allow them to ignore a law passed by the US Congress.
Summary
A Presidential executive order was invalidated because the President was operating outside of their express Congressional authority.
Facts
The case derived from "an interesting and revealing incident" that occurred during the "Quasi War" with France at the end of the 18th century. The frigate USS Boston commanded by captain George Little captured a Danish vessel, the Flying Fish, by order of the Secretary of the Navy on behalf of President John Adams "to intercept any suspected American ship sailing to or from a French port." The Congress, however, had passed a law authorizing the navy to seize "vessels or cargoes [that] are apparently, as well as really, American" and "bound or sailing to any [French] port" in an attempt to prevent American vessels transporting goods to France. The Flying Fish was sailing from and not to a French port. Captain Little was declared to be liable for executing a command that was illegal. Little appealed to the Supreme Court, where the decision was upheld. Chief Justice John Marshall wrote "Is the officer who obeys [the President's order] liable for damages sustained by this misconstruction of the act, or will their orders excuse him? ... the instructions cannot change the nature of the transaction, or legalize an act which without those instructions would have been a plain trespass."
Procedural history
District Court, found for Petitioner
Circuit Court of Massachusetts, reversed, found for Respondent
United States Supreme Court, affirmed, found for Respondent
Issues
Whether an order of the President, which in effect attempts to make law, can override an act of Congress.
Officers are responsible for execution of illegal commands, despite nature of military chain of command.
Holding
No, an order of the President which is in contradiction with an act of Congress is illegal.
Reasoning
The legislative branch makes laws and the executive branch enforces the laws. The Act of Congress provided only for the capture of vessels traveling to France. "The Flying Fish was on a voyage from, not to, a French port, and was, therefore, had they even been an American vessel, not liable to be captured on the high seas." The Act limited the president's authority by only allowing the capture of certain vessels. The President acted contrary to these limitations.
Legacy
Little v. Barreme is credited for establishing the doctrine in the United States Armed Forces that the "superior orders" defense is generally invalid: to follow an unlawful order is itself an illegal act. This precedent was refined to the modern form, "that obedience to a superior order is not a defense if the subordinate knows or ought to know it is illegal", in United States v. Jones.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 6
United States v. Curtiss-Wright Export Corp.
References
Further reading
External links
LoveAllPeople.org: "Inherent Presidential Power Is Always Subject To The Inherent Congressional Powers To Make The Laws And Enforce Oversight Of The Executive Branch, Even In Time Of War"
France–United States relations
United States admiralty case law
United States Constitution Article Three case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Marshall Court
1804 in United States case law
United States federal sovereign immunity case law
Quasi-War
United States executive orders
United States presidential history
Denmark–United States relations
Phoenix is a French band composed of 4 members named Thomas Mars (lead vocals), Deck d'Arcy (bass/ keyboards/ backing vocals), Christian Mazzalai (guitar/ keyboards/ backing vocals) and Laurent Brancowitz (guitar/ backing vocals). They have won 2 awards from 9 nominations.
American Music Awards
The American Music Awards (AMAs) is an annual music awards show created by Dick Clark in 1973.
!
|-
| rowspan="1" | 2010
| rowspan="1" | Phoenix
| rowspan="1" | Favorite Alternative Artist
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|}
Grammy Awards
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States.
!
|-
|rowspan="1"|2010
|Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix
|Best Alternative Music Album
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|}
International Dance Music Awards
The International Dance Music Awards, established in 1985, are an annual awards show honoring dance and electronic artists. It is a part of the Winter Music Conference, a weeklong electronic music event held annually.
!
|-
|rowspan="2"| 2010
|rowspan="1"| "1901"
| Best Alternative/Rock Dance Track
|
| rowspan="2" style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|rowspan="2"| Phoenix
|Best Break-Through Artist (Group)
|
|-
|rowspan="1"| 2011
|Best Artist (Group)
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|}
MTV Europe Music Awards
The MTV Europe Music Awards was established in 1994 by MTV Europe to award the music videos from European and international artists.
!
|-
|2000
|rowspan="2"| Phoenix
|rowspan="2"|Best French Act
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|2010
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|}
NME Awards
The NME Awards are awarded annually by the UK music magazine NME.
!scope="col"|
|-
| 2014
| Phoenix
| Best International Band
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|}
Victoires de la Musique
The Victoires de la Musique is an annual French award ceremony by the French Ministry of Culture to recognize outstanding achievement in the music industry that recognizes the best musical artists of the year.
!scope="col"|
|-
| 2014
| Bankrupt!
| Rock Album of the Year
|
| style="text-align:center;"|
|-
|}
References
Phoenix
The 39th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
Lineage
Constituted in the National Army as the 39th Field Artillery and assigned to the 13th Division, 5 July 1918.
Distinctive unit insignia
Description
A Gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of a shield blazoned: Gules, issuing from base a phoenix Or rising from flames Proper. Attached below the shield a Red scroll inscribed “CELERITAS IN CONFICIENDO” in Gold letters.
Symbolism
The shield is red for Artillery. The fabulous bird, the phoenix, symbolizes the reactivation and restoration of the organization.
Background
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 39th Field Artillery Battalion on 25 February 1941. It was redesignated for the 39th Artillery Regiment on 26 November 1958. The insignia was redesignated for the 39th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.
Coat of arms
Blazon
Shield
Gules, issuing from base a phoenix Or rising from flames Proper.
Crest
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules, in front of a cloud Argent an isosceles triangle Sable and a war mace palewise the staff counterchanged and the head with six spikes Azure charged with a crescent of the first all surmounted in base by four arrowheads in pile conjoined at the point Gold.
Motto
CELERITA IN CONFICIENDO (Speed in Action).
Symbolism
Shield
The shield is red for Artillery. The fabulous bird, the phoenix, symbolizes the reactivation and restoration of the organization.
Crest
The war mace, from the arms of Colmar in Northern France, commemorates the organization's most distinguished war service. The head of the mace is blue in reference to the color of the Distinguished Unit Citation streamer awarded for that action. The six spikes of the mace stand for the organization's six unit decorations. The crescent alludes to the location of the unit's first service under fire – Algeria-French Morocco. The four arrowheads are for four assault landings. The cloud and the radiating arrowheads simulate a burst of artillery fire. The black triangle represents the armament area in North Korea known as the “Iron Triangle” during the Korean War. It commemorates the organization's action in that locality.
Background
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 39th Field Artillery Battalion on 25 February 1941. It was redesignated for the 39th Artillery Regiment on 26 November 1958. It was amended to add a crest on 23 June 1965. The insignia was redesignated for the 39th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.
Current configuration
1st Battalion 39th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
2nd Battalion 39th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
3rd Battalion 39th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
4th Battalion 39th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
5th Battalion 39th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
6th Battalion 39th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
See also
Field Artillery Branch (United States)
References
Broken Link
https://web.archive.org/web/20110722213437/http://www.tioh.hqda.pentagon.mil/Heraldry/ArmyDUISSICOA/ArmyHeraldryUnit.aspx?u=3442 Broken Link
External links
http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/fa/default.htm
039
Military units and formations established in 1918
The 1873 Suburbs of Nelson by-election was a by-election held on 14 May 1873 in the electorate in Nelson during the 5th New Zealand Parliament.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the incumbent, Ralph Richardson. The by-election was won by Andrew Richmond. They were opposed by Charles Elliott. Fedor Kelling had withdrawn in favour of Richmond.
Results
References
Nelson Suburbs 1873
1873 elections in New Zealand
May 1873 events
Politics of the Nelson Region
The 2019 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama in the 2019 NCAA Division I FBS football season. This was the Crimson Tide's 125th overall season, 86th as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC), and 28th within the SEC's Western Division. They played their home games at Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and were led by 13th-year head coach Nick Saban.
The defending national runners-up, Alabama began the season ranked second in the AP Poll, and were the favorites to repeat as SEC Champions. The Crimson Tide won their first seven games of the year handily, and rose to first in the AP Poll. They were ranked third in the season's first College Football Playoff rankings heading into an anticipated match-up against second-ranked LSU, which Alabama lost 46–41. The next week, Alabama lost starting quarterback Tua Tagovailoa to a season-ending hip injury in the game against Mississippi State. They finished the regular season with a 48–45 upset loss to cross-state rival Auburn.
With a regular season record of 10–2, Alabama was not selected for the College Football Playoff for the first time since the inception of the format in 2014. The Crimson Tide were also not invited to a New Year's Six bowl game, making this the first season since 2010 that Alabama was not selected to a NY6 or BCS bowl. They were instead invited to the Citrus Bowl, where they defeated Michigan.
Tagovailoa, at the time of their injury, was considered a candidate for the Heisman Trophy and was on pace to break their own NCAA FBS passer rating record. They were replaced by backup Mac Jones for the remainder of the season. Running back Najee Harris led the team with 1,224 rushing yards and 20 total touchdowns, tied for the SEC lead. Receivers Jerry Jeudy and DeVonta Smith were both named All-SEC. On defense, the team was led by first-team all-conference players linebacker Anfernee Jennings and safety Xavier McKinney. Nine Alabama players were selected in the 2020 NFL Draft, including No. 5 overall selection Tua Tagovailoa.
Previous season
In 2018, Alabama went undefeated in the regular season and won the 2018 SEC Championship Game over Georgia. The Crimson Tide entered the College Football Playoff as the number one seed, winning the semi-final played at the Orange Bowl over Oklahoma before falling to Clemson in the 2019 College Football Playoff National Championship.
Offseason
Position key
Offseason departures
Seven Alabama players with remaining eligibility declared early for the 2019 NFL Draft. In addition, 14 seniors from the 2018 team graduated.
Recruiting
Alabama's 2019 recruiting class consisted of 27 recruits, 15 of which enrolled early. Alabama had the highest ranked class in the nation according to 247Sports.com and ESPN, and had the second best class behind Georgia according to Rivals.com. The class was ranked No. 1 by the 247Sports Composite, which aggregates the ratings of the major recruiting services. Headlining the class were consensus top-10 recruits Antonio Alfano (defensive end), Trey Sanders (running back), and Evan Neal (offensive tackle).
Transfers
Outgoing
Incoming
Returning starters
Offense
Defense
Special Teams
Spring game
The 2019 Crimson Tide held spring practices in March and April. The 2019 Alabama football spring game, "A-Day" took place in Tuscaloosa, AL on April 13, 2019, at 1 p.m. CST with the White team beating the Crimson team 31–17. Freshman WR John Metchie III was named A-Day MVP after hauling in five catches for a game-high 133 receiving yards. White team QB Mac Jones led all passers, completing 19 of 23 passes for 271 yards.
Preseason
Award watch lists
Listed in the order that they were released
SEC media days
The 2019 SEC Media Days were held July 15–18 in Birmingham, Alabama. In the preseason media poll, Alabama was voted the overwhelming favorite to repeat as West Division Champion and SEC Champion.
Preseason All-SEC teams
The Crimson Tide had 13 players at 14 positions selected to the preseason all-SEC teams.
Offense
1st team
Tua Tagovailoa – QB
Najee Harris – RB
Jerry Jeudy – WR
Alex Leatherwood – OL
Jedrick Wills – OL
2nd team
Jaylen Waddle – WR
3rd team
Miller Forristall – TE
Matt Womack – OL
Defense
1st team
Raekwon Davis – DL
Anfernee Jennings – LB
Dylan Moses – LB
Trevon Diggs – DB
2nd team
Patrick Surtain II – DB
Xavier McKinney – DB
3rd team
LaBryan Ray – DL
Terrell Lewis – LB
Shyheim Carter – DB
Specialists
1st team
Jaylen Waddle – all purpose player
Jaylen Waddle – RET
Schedule
Alabama announced its 2019 football schedule on September 18, 2018. The 2019 Crimson Tide' schedule consists of 7 home games, 4 away games, and 1 neutral site game for the regular season. Alabama will host four SEC conference opponents Ole Miss (rivalry), Arkansas, Tennessee (Third Saturday of October) and LSU (rivalry) and will travel for four SEC opponents to South Carolina, Texas A&M, Mississippi State (rivalry) and arch-rival Auburn for the 84th Iron Bowl to close out the SEC regular season on the road. Alabama is not scheduled to play SEC East opponents Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri and Vanderbilt in the 2019 regular season. The Crimson Tide's bye week comes during week 6 (on October 5) and week 10 (on November 2).
Alabama's out of conference opponents represent the ACC, C-USA, Independents and Southern. The Crimson Tide will host three non–conference games which are against New Mexico State of the FBS independents, Southern Miss of the Conference USA and Western Carolina of the SoCon to close out the regular season and travel to Atlanta, GA for Chick-fil-A Kickoff to host Duke from the ACC.
Schedule Source:
Coaching staff
Graduate assistants
Vinnie Sunseri
Tino Sunseri
Andy Kwon
Analysts
Isaac Shewmaker
Joe Houston
Johnathan Galante
A. J. Milwee
Alex Mortensen
Major Applewhite
Mike Stoops
Javier Arenas
Nick Perry
Dean Altobelli
Gordon Steele
Butch Jones
Rob Ezell
Patrick Reilly
Roster
Depth chart
Projected Depth Chart 2019:
True Freshman
Double Position : *
Game summaries
vs Duke Blue Devils
Sources:
Statistics
New Mexico State Aggies
Sources:
Statistics
at South Carolina Gamecocks
Sources:
Statistics
Southern Miss Golden Eagles
Sources:
Statistics
Ole Miss Rebels
Sources:
Statistics
at No. 24 Texas A&M Aggies
Sources:
Statistics
Tennessee Volunteers
Sources:
Statistics
Arkansas Razorbacks
Sources:
Statistics
No. 2 LSU Tigers
Sources:
Statistics
at Mississippi State Bulldogs
Sources:
Statistics
Western Carolina Catamounts
Sources:
Statistics
at No. 15 Auburn Tigers
Sources:
Statistics
vs No. 14 Michigan Wolverines
Sources:
Statistics
Rankings
Statistics
Team
Offense
Defense
Key: POS: Position, SOLO: Solo Tackles, AST: Assisted Tackles, TOT: Total Tackles, TFL: Tackles-for-loss, SACK: Quarterback Sacks, INT: Interceptions, PD: Passes Defended, FF: Forced Fumbles, FR: Fumbles Recovered, BLK: Kicks or Punts Blocked, SAF: Safeties
Special teams
Scoring
Scores by quarter (non-conference opponents)
Scores by quarter (SEC opponents)
Scores by quarter (All opponents)
Awards and honors
Postseason
Bowl game
Alabama was selected to face Michigan in the 2020 Citrus Bowl on New Year's Day. The last time Alabama faced Michigan was during the regular season in 2012 when the Tide beat Michigan 41-14. Alabama defeated Michigan 35-16 in the 2020 VRBO Citrus Bowl on January 1, 2020 to close out the season at 11-2 overall. For nine straight seasons, the Crimson Tide has won 11 or more games.
2020 NFL Draft
The 2020 NFL Draft was held virtually on April 23–25, 2020.
Crimson Tide who were picked in the 2020 NFL Draft:
Media affiliates
Radio
WTID (FM) (Tide 102.9) – Nationwide (Dish Network, Sirius XM, TuneIn radio and iHeartRadio)
TV
CBS Family - CBS 42 (CBS), CBS Sports Network
ESPN/ABC Family - ABC 33/40 (ABC), ABC, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNU, ESPN+, SEC Network)
FOX Family - WBRC (FOX), FOX/FS1, FSN
References
Alabama
Alabama Crimson Tide football seasons
Citrus Bowl champion seasons
Alabama Crimson Tide football
Ecphorella wellmani is a species of ant and the only known species of genus Ecphorella. The species is only known from workers from the type locality in Benguela, Angola. Nothing is known about their biology.
References
External links
Endemic fauna of Angola
Dolichoderinae
Monotypic ant genera
Hymenoptera of Africa
Insects of Angola
Hajjiabad or Hajiabad may refer to:
Iran
Alborz Province
Hajjiabad, Alborz, a village in Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran
Ardabil Province
Hajjiabad, Ardabil, a village in Khalkhal County
Bushehr Province
Hajjiabad, Dashtestan, a village in Dashtestan County
Hajjiabad, Jam, a village in Jam County
Hajjiabad, Tangestan, a village in Tangestan County
Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
Hajjiabad, Farsan, a village in Farsan County
Hajjiabad, Kiar, a village in Kiar County
Hajjiabad, Kuhrang, a village in Kuhrang County
Hajjiabad, Bazoft, a village in Kuhrang County
Hajjiabad-e Jalil, a village in Kuhrang County
Hajjiabad, Lordegan, a village in Lordegan County
East Azerbaijan Province
Hajjiabad, East Azerbaijan, a village in Charuymaq County
Fars Province
Hajjiabad, Eqlid, a village in Eqlid County
Hajjiabad, Jahrom, a village in Jahrom County
Hajiabad, Jahrom, a village in Jahrom County
Hajjiabad, Kazerun, a village in Kazerun County
Hajjiabad, Chenar Shahijan, a village in Kazerun County
Hajjiabad, Shapur, a village in Kazerun County
Hajjiabad, Kharameh, a village in Kharameh County
Hajjiabad (30°38′ N 53°14′ E), Khorrambid, a village in Khorrambid County
Hajjiabad, Lamerd, a village in Lamerd County
Hajjiabad, Sahray-ye Bagh, a village in Larestan County
Hajjiabad, Marvdasht, a village in Marvdasht County
Hajjiabad, Kamfiruz, a village in Marvdasht County
Hajjiabad, Mohr, a village in Mohr County
Hajjiabad, Galleh Dar, a village in Mohr County
Hajjiabad-e Mallu, a village in Mohr County
Hajjiabad, Neyriz, a village in Neyriz County
Hajjiabad, Qir and Karzin, a village in Qir and Karzin County
Hajjiabad, Sepidan, a village in Sepidan County
Hajjiabad, Hamaijan, a village in Sepidan County
Hajjiabad, Shiraz, a village in Shariz County
Hajjiabad-e Pas Kuhak, a village in Shariz County
Hajjiabad, Fars, a city in Zarrin Dasht County
Hajjiabad, Zirab, a village in Zarrin Dasht County
Gilan Province
Hajjiabad, Amlash, a village in Amlash County
Hajjiabad, Lahijan, a village in Lahijan County
Hajjiabad, Rudsar, a village in Rudsar County
Golestan Province
Hajjiabad, Azadshahr, a village in Azadshahr County
Hajjiabad, Kordkuy, a village in Kordkuy County
Hajjiabad-e Kuh Payeh, a village in Kordkuy County
Hamadan Province
Hajjiabad, Famenin, a village in Famenin County
Hajjiabad, Malayer, a village in Malayer County
Hajjiabad, Nahavand, a village in Nahavand County
Hajjiabad-e Kark, a village in Nahavand County
Hajjiabad-e Milab, a village in Nahavand County
Hajjiabad, Tuyserkan, a village in Tuyserkan County
Hormozgan Province
Hajjiabad, Hormozgan, a city in Hajjiabad County
Hajjiabad County, in Hormozgan Province, Iran
Hajjiabad-e Sarhadi, a village in Bashagard County
Hajjiabad-e Baghat, a village in Hajjiabad County
Hajjiabad, Jask, a village in Jask County
Hajjiabad, Minab, a village in Minab County
Hajjiabad, Parsian, a village in Parsian County
Hajjiabad, Rudan, a village in Rudan County
Isfahan Province
Hajjiabad, Falavarjan, a village in Falavarjan County
Hajjiabad, former name of Harand, Iran, a city in Isfahan County
Hajjiabad, Baraan-e Jonubi, a village in Isfahan County
Hajjiabad, Baraan-e Shomali, a village in Isfahan County
Hajjiabad, Khvansar, a village in Khvansar County
Hajjiabad (32°41′ N 52°51′ E), Nain, a village in Nain County
Hajjiabad (32°42′ N 52°55′ E), Nain, a village in Nain County
Hajjiabad, Najafabad, a village in Najafabad County
Hajjiabad, Semirom, a village in Semirom County
Hajjiabad-e Shureh Chaman, a village in Semirom County
Kerman Province
Hajjiabad, Mardehek, a village in Anbarabad County
Hajjiabad, Nargesan, a village in Anbarabad County
Hajjiabad-e Mir Hoseyni, a village in Anbarabad County
Hajjiabad-e Do, Kerman, a village in Fahraj County
Hajjiabad-e Hajj Ali Mohammad, a village in Fahraj County
Hajjiabad, Maskun, a village in Jiroft County
Hajjiabad-e Nazri, a village in Kerman County
Hajjiabad, Qaleh Ganj, a village in Qaleh Ganj County
Hajjiabad-e Payabi, a village in Qaleh Ganj County
Hajjiabad, Kabutar Khan, a village in Rafsanjan County
Hajjiabad, Khenaman, a village in Rafsanjan County
Hajjiabad, Rigan, a village in Rigan County
Hajjiabad, Rudbar-e Jonubi, a village in Rudbar-e Jonubi County
Kermanshah Province
Hajjiabad-e Do, Kermanshah, a village in Kangavar County
Hajjiabad-e Yek, a village in Kangavar County
Hajjiabad, Kermanshah, a village in Kermanshah County
Hajjiabad, Mahidasht, a village in Kermanshah County
Hajjiabad Base, a village and military installation in Kermanshah County
Hajjiabad, Ravansar, a village in Ravansar County
Hajjiabad-e Shanrash, a village in Ravansar County
Hajjiabad, Sonqor, a village in Sonqor County
Khuzestan Province
Hajjiabad, Andika, a village in Andika County
Hajjiabad (31°46′ N 49°30′ E), Masjed Soleyman, a village in Masjed Soleyman County
Hajjiabad, Ramhormoz, a village in Ramhormoz County
Kurdistan Province
Hajjiabad, Chang Almas, a village in Bijar County
Hajjiabad, Korani, a village in Bijar County
Hajjiabad, Dehgolan, a village in Dehgolan County
Hajjiabad, Bolbanabad, a village in Dehgolan County
Hajjiabad, Qorveh, a village in Qorveh County
Lorestan Province
Aligudarz County
Hajjiabad, Aligudarz, a village in the Central District, Aligudarz County
Hajjiabad Beshaq, a village in the Central District, Aligudarz County
Hajjiabad Darvish, a village in the Central District, Aligudarz County
Hajjiabad-e Olya, Lorestan, a village in the Central District, Aligudarz County
Borujerd County
Hajjiabad, Darreh Seydi, a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, Central District, Borujerd County
Hajjiabad, Hemmatabad, a village in Hemmatabad Rural District, Central District, Borujerd County
Delfan County
Hajjiabad, Mirbag-e Jonubi, a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, Central District, Delfan County
Hajjiabad, Nurabad, a village in Nurabad Rural District, Central District, Delfan County
Hajjiabad, Kakavand, a village in Kakavand District, Delfan County
Hajjiabad-e Jadid, a village in Kakavand District, Delfan County
Dorud County
Hajjiabad-e Yarahmadi, a village in Silakhor District, Dorud County
Khorramabad County
Hajjiabad, Khorramabad, a village in Chaghalvandi District, Khorramabad County
Selseleh County
Hajjiabad, Selseleh, a village in Selseleh County
Hajjiabad, alternate name of Gol Dulatshahi, a village in Selseleh County
Markazi Province
Hajjiabad, Arak, a village in Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran
Hajjiabad, Khomeyn, a village in Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran
Hajjiabad (33°39′ N 50°04′ E), Kamareh, a village in Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran
Hajjiabad (33°40′ N 49°59′ E), Kamareh, a village in Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran
Hajjiabad, Khondab, a village in Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran
Hajjiabad, Mahallat, a village in Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran
Hajjiabad, Shazand, a village in Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran
Hajjiabad, Zarandieh, a village in Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran
Mazandaran Province
Hajjiabad, Amol, a village in Amol County
Hajjiabad, Nur, a village in Nur County
Hajjiabad, Qaem Shahr, a village in Qaem Shahr County
Hajjiabad, Mazkureh, a village in Sari County
Hajjiabad, Rudpey-ye Jonubi, a village in Sari County
Hajjiabad, Tonekabon, a village in Tonekabon County
Qazvin Province
Hajjiabad, Abyek, a village in Abyek County
Hajjiabad, alternate name of Mehdiabad-e Bozorg, a village in Qazvin County
Hajjiabad, Qazvin, a village in Qazvin County
Hajjiabad, Takestan, a village in Takestan County
Qom Province
Hajjiabad, Qom, a village in Qom Province of Iran
Hajjiabad-e Aqa, a village in Qom Province of Iran
Hajjiabad-e Neyzaz, a village in Qom Province of Iran
Razavi Khorasan Province
Bakharz County
Hajjiabad, Bakharz, a village in Bakharz County
Chenaran County
Hajjiabad, Chenaran, a village in Chenaran County
Hajjiabad, Golbajar, a village in Chenaran County
Fariman County
Hajjiabad, Fariman, a village in Fariman County
Firuzeh County
Gonabad County
Hajjiabad, Gonabad, a village in Gonabad County
Joghatai County
Hajjiabad, Joghatai, a village in Joghatai County
Jowayin County
Hajjiabad-e Bazzazi, a village in Jowayin County
Hajjiabad-e Hajji Safar, a village in Jowayin County
Kalat County
Hajjiabad, Kalat, a village in Kalat County
Kashmar County
Hajjiabad, Kashmar, a village in Kashmar County
Khvaf County
Hajjiabad, Khvaf, a village in Khvaf County
Mahvelat County
Mashhad County
Hajjiabad, Ahmadabad, a village in Mashhad County
Hajjiabad, Mashhad, a village in Mashhad County
Nishapur County
Hajjiabad, Miyan Jolgeh, a village in Nishapur County
Hajjiabad, Sarvelayat, a village in Nishapur County
Hajjiabad, Zeberkhan, a village in Nishapur County
Taybad County
Hajjiabad, Taybad, a village in Taybad County
Torbat-e Jam County
Hajjiabad, Torbat-e Jam, a village in Torbat-e Jam County
Hajjiabad, Salehabad, a village in Torbat-e Jam County
Hajjiabad-e Hajji Ebrahim, a village in Torbat-e Jam County
Hajjiabad Molla Qasem, a village in Torbat-e Jam County
Hajjiabad-e Molla Yaqub, a village in Torbat-e Jam County
Zaveh County
Hajjiabad, Zaveh, a village in Zaveh County
Semnan Province
Hajjiabad-e Bostijian, a village in Damghan County
Hajjiabad-e Razveh, a village in Damghan County
Hajjiabad-e Atashgah, a village in Garmsar County
Hajjiabad-e Khvoriad, a village in Semnan County
Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Hajjiabad, Abreis, a village in Iranshahr County
Hajjiabad, Bazman, a village in Iranshahr County
Hajjiabad, Eskelabad, a village in Khash County
Hajjiabad (28°38′ N 60°24′ E), Gowhar Kuh, a village in Khash County
Hajjiabad (28°40′ N 60°21′ E), Gowhar Kuh, a village in Khash County
Hajjiabad, alternate name of Gazu, a village in Khash County
Hajjiabad, alternate name of Mowtowr-e Khvabiar, a village in Khash County
Hajjiabad, Qasr-e Qand, a village in Qasr-e Qand County
South Khorasan Province
Hajjiabad, Alqurat, a village in Birjand County
Hajjiabad (32°46′ N 59°31′ E), Baqeran, a village in Birjand County
Hajjiabad, Nehbandan, a village in Nehbandan County
Hajjiabad, Shusef, a village in Nehbandan County
Hajiabad, Shusef, a village in Nehbandan County
Hajjiabad-e Nughab, a village in Qaen County
Hajjiabad, Sarbisheh, a village in Sarbisheh County
Hajjiabad, Mud, a village in Sarbisheh County
Hajjiabad (33°17′ N 57°30′ E), Tabas, a village in Tabas County
Hajjiabad, South Khorasan, a city in Zirkuh County
Hajjiabad-e Haqdad, a village in Zirkuh County
Tehran Province
Hajjiabad, Shemiranat, a village in Shemiranat County
Hajjiabad-e Arabha, a village in Varamin County
Hajjiabad-e Amlak, a village in Pakdasht County
Hajjiabad-e Salar, a village in Varamin County
Hajjiabad-e Sofla, a village in Malard County
West Azerbaijan Province
Hajjiabad-e Okhtachi, a village in Bukan County
Hajjiabad, Mahabad, a village in Mahabad County
Hajjiabad, Shahin Dezh, a village in Shahin Dezh County
Hajjiabad, Urmia, a village in Urmia County
Hajjiabad, Sumay-ye Beradust, a village in Urmia County
Yazd Province
Ardakan County
Hajjiabad, Ardakan, a village in Ardakan County
Behabad County
Hajjiabad, Behabad, a village in Behabad County
Hajjiabad, Asfyj, a village in Behabad County
Khatam County
Hajjiabad, Marvast, a village in Khatam County
Saduq County
Hajjiabad, Saduq, a village in Saduq County
Hajjiabad, alternate name of Aliabad, Saduq, a village in Saduq County
Taft County
Hajjiabad, Garizat, a village in Taft County
Hajjiabad, Sakhvid, a village in Taft County
Hajjiabad-e Bala, a village in Taft County
Pakistan
Hajiabad, Pakistan, a town in Kotli District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan
James Forbes (September 2, 1871 – May 26, 1938) was a Canadian playwright who worked as a Hollywood film screenwriter. The Chorus Lady and The Famous Mrs. Fair were their best known plays.
Biography
Of Scottish ancestry, Forbes was born September 2, 1871, in Salem, Centre Wellington, Ontario, and they received their education from the College Institute of Galt, Ontario. Becoming a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1892, they had already begun their career as an actor in Chicago in 1891. Early in 1897 they accepted the position of drama critic for the Pittsburgh Dispatch. In 1897 they became the assistant drama editor of the New York World and in 1898 they accepted the position of business manager for Henry W. Savage's Castle Square Opera Company. In 1901 they became the assistant manager of the newly established Henry B. Harris theatrical enterprises.
Before turning to play-writing, Forbes published several short stories, which were written entirely in dialogue. In 1904 they adapted one of their stories into a one-act vaudeville sketch entitled The Chorus Lady. Created for Rose Stahl, an actor with whom Forbes had worked, the sketch was very successful in New York, and it then had a successful tour in the United States and England. Forbes expanded the sketch into a full-length comedy, and the 1906 production, again with Rose Stahl, had such great success that Forbes's entree into play-writing was insured. They continued to write plays, including several social comedies, and during the next twenty years they carved themselves a niche as a highly acclaimed and popular playwright.
Forbes achieved their greatest success in 1919 with The Famous Mrs. Fair, a social comedy dealing with the adjustments a woman faces upon returning home from their work in the war effort in France during World War I. They scored other successes commercially and critically, but their interest and abilities in other aspects of theatre kept them from devoting all their time to writing. They also directed plays, mostly their own, but others as well, and tried their hand at producing. In the 1920s and early 1930s their two main interests, writing and directing, led them to Hollywood, where they either wrote the screenplays for or directed the dialogue for a number of MGM films. Five of their own plays were made into movies. Forbes also combined latent administrative talent with their theatrical interests in aiding in the formulation of the Over There Theatre League during World War I to entertain American forces overseas and organizing and directing a stock acting company under the auspices of the League which toured bases in France. They subsequently aided in the founding of the Dramatists' Guild of the Authors' League of America and joined with fellow playwrights to form a producing organization called the Dramatists' Theatre, Inc.
In the 1920s they were lured to Hollywood as a screenwriter for Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle and Norma Shearer, for whom they also served as a voice coach. Even though they were Canadian-born and -educated, their plays were based on themes and characters wholly indigenous to the United States. They were keenly observant of issues and trends between 1905 and 1929. Interested in the continued movement toward urbanization, they often contrasted small-town and city life and satirized concurrent social climbing. Reflecting the fomentation in the area of women's rights, they wrote several plays dealing with this issue.
Forbes married Ada Eugenie Fischer (1876–1938) on September 21, 1901. They had a son, Anthony Henry Forbes (1910–1999). Forbes worked with theatrical producer Henry B. Harris and occasionally travelled to Europe with them on business. On July 3, 1908, Forbes, Harris and their wives, Ada and Irene, arrived in New York on the ocean liner, the RMS Baltic, after one such trip.
Forbes died while in Germany in 1938.
Playwright/screenwriter
The Chorus Lady (play) Savoy Theatre (1906) starring Rose Stahl; screenwriter for film of the same name in 1915
The Traveling Salesman (1908) (play)
The Show Shop (1914) (play) Hudson Theatre, starring Douglas Fairbanks
The Commuters (1915) (play)
The Traveling Salesman (1916) (film)
The Famous Mrs. Fair (1919) (play) Henry Miller Theatre, starring Henry Miller (adapted to film of the same name in 1923)
The Traveling Salesman (1921 film) starring Roscoe Arbuckle
Their Own Desire (1929 film) (dialogue adaptation), starring Norma Shearer ( the best actor nomination) and Robert Montgomery
Inspiration (1931) (adaptation) (uncredited) starring Greta Garbo and Robert Montgomery
Bachelor's Affairs (1932) (play Precious) starring Adolphe Menjou
Filmography
Their Own Desire (1929) (stage director)
References
External links
The Show Shop on Great War Theatre
1871 births
1938 deaths
American male screenwriters
American male stage actors
19th-century American male actors
American male short story writers
American theater critics
New York World
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Canadian emigrants to the United States
People from Centre Wellington
Writers from Ontario
American male dramatists and playwrights
19th-century American short story writers
19th-century American male writers
20th-century American short story writers
19th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Master X Master (MXM) was a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game developed and published by NCsoft.
Gameplay
MXM was a MOBA with third-person shooter characteristics. Each player controlled two playable characters known as "Masters". There were 30 Masters . Each had unique abilities and different styles of play. The Masters were characters from previous NCsoft-published games, as well as new characters. The player could switch between two Masters throughout the game, where the unused Master could regenerate its health. There was a cooldown associated with switching, as well as death. The player in MXM used the WASD keys and computer mouse to move and point the character, though the game provided the option for the player to move the character solely with the mouse. Switching the Masters used the mouse wheel. Each Master had four special abilities, with one ability a more-powerful move, and each of these abilities had a cooldown. Also uncharacteristically, the game allowed player characters to jump and dodge enemy attacks. Using the mouse to aim, many of the game's abilities were based on projectiles and skill shots.
NCsoft planned to restrict gameplay on the large maps to the genre-standard two teams of five players, while smaller teams would have smaller maps, which would force player interaction. Both large and small maps will have three lanes with which to attack the opposing team's base. It was played in matches between two teams who each occupy their own base on the map.
The game had a science fiction setting. The game provided player versus environment (PvE) missions, uncharacteristic to the genre, as well as the characteristic player versus player (PvP) game mode. There were other game modes: team deathmatch, point control, AOS, and arena. The PvE mode was co-operative, meaning it allowed up to four players an action role-playing game experience: The players selected characters to play through a number of stages against computer-controlled enemies, ending each stage with a battle against a level boss. In this mode, the character progression was permanent.
In the "Titan" mode of gameplay, which was a variant of point control, completing an objective would allow a team to summon a temporary super-creature called a Titan to their side to attack the enemy base. GameZone originally reported that the objective was defeating multiple enemies, while IGN reported that capturing and holding control points would cause the Titan to spawn. To end a game in this mode, the team must either have the most points at the end of the timed match, or must reach a point threshold.
Development
NCsoft was beta testing the game in South Korea in October 2014, and was NCsoft's first internally-developed MOBA. Engadget did not know of a release or localization date at that time, but also reported a month later that NCsoft planned to release a mobile version of the game.
In mid-2015, NCsoft planned to release the game in a beta version globally in early 2016, with a later full-release of the game the same year. The game was still in beta test only in South Korea. In January 2016, NCsoft announced the launch of the game for personal computer in the second half of 2016 for Europe and North America. NCsoft did not announce a pay model.
In June 2016, NCsoft provided free game keys for a brief alpha playtest on personal computer, which focused on PvP interactions and some PvE content. Both Polygon and VideoGamer cooperated with NCsoft to provide keys to their readers.
The game was developed for cloud technology.
The game's design philosophy was based on team work. NCsoft said that the reason for the "long" deaths was to ensure players keep their teams in mind. The PvE in the game was designed to teach players their heroes. The matches were designed to last approximately ten minutes.
The game was free-to-play.
Reception
Pre-release
GameZone was overall "impressed". IGN thought there was a lot of potential.
The game was compared to Heroes of the Storm, Smite, Diablo, Van Helsing, and Torchlight. IGN also commented on the crowd of MOBAs with which MXM would need to compete, noting that "standing out" would likely be challenging. Engadget suggested "it might be different enough from its contemporaries to pique your interest", while IGN thought the publisher's experience with world-building helped to differentiate the gameplay modes.
GameZone praised the aesthetics, saying that the palette adds to the game's setting. They also praised the level design. IGN thought some of the characters were generic, but was impressed with the detail of the character design, and was expectant for future releases.
IGN called the action "over the top" and said the gameplay was designed for action players.
GameZone was surprised at the length of the time the player needed to wait before respawning.
GameZone called the two-Master aspect the most unique aspect of the game, while IGN called it "an inventive system that adds a whole new layer of strategy to battle". Previewers at both GameZone and IGN thought the swapping difficult at-first but quickly adjusted. IGN wasn't sure how veterans of the genre would react to it.
GameZone thought the game provided a good learning curve.
IGN called the control scheme easy to use, "unorthodox", and "unique", which "gave the combat more of an arcade feel". The IGN previewer "felt like they had more opportunities to cut loose, rather than staying focused and determined at all times in other titles" due to the controls. GameZone thought the game was "easier to grasp than other ".
IGN thought the most interesting aspect was the player versus environment mode, which is fully fleshed out. The previewer thought this was refreshing since other genre titles overlook the character and plot.
IGN called the Titan game mode "a cool take on faction battles", which "offered the most intense and pure gameplay in MXM".
Closure
In November 2017, NCsoft decided to close the game on January 31, 2018.
References
Works cited
External links
2016 video games
Products and services discontinued in 2018
Crossover video games
Esports games
Fantasy video games
Free-to-play video games
Gamebryo games
Multiplayer online battle arena games
Video games developed in South Korea
Video games with AI-versus-AI modes
Video games with isometric graphics
Windows games
Windows-only games
Inactive massively multiplayer online games
NCSoft games
Nagla Tula is a village in Rajasthan, India. Administratively, it is under Rudawal ILRC, Roopwas Tehsil, Bharatpur District, Rajasthan. The village has a population of about a thousand.
In May 2013, during a heat wave, a fire in Nagla Tula burned a large portion of the village.
Notes
External links
Villages in Bharatpur district
The California class was a pair of two nuclear-powered guided-missile cruisers operated by the United States Navy between 1974 and 1998. Other than their nuclear power supply and lack of helicopter hangars, ships of the California class were comparable to other guided-missile cruisers of their era, such as the . The class was built as a follow-up to the nuclear-powered , , and classes. Like all of the nuclear cruisers, which could steam for years between refuelings, the California class was designed in part to provide high endurance escort for the navy's nuclear aircraft carriers, which were often limited in range due to their conventionally powered escorts continuously needing to be refueled.
Overview
was the fourth nuclear-powered cruiser in the US Navy; the previous three were , and .
The second California-class cruiser, , was the fifth nuclear-powered cruiser in the US Navy. Other than the four ships of the Soviet Navy's , which were actually built with a combination of nuclear and fossil-fuel propulsion, no other country has launched nuclear-powered cruisers.
Only two ships of the class were built, California and South Carolina, and both were decommissioned in late 1999. These ships were followed on by the four nuclear-powered cruisers of the . These cruisers were named for states because they were seen as quite large, powerful, capable and survivable ships. Also, in the meantime, the names of cities had been given to the nuclear submarines in the very large , which eventually expanded to 62 boats, all (but one) named for American cities.
California and their sister ship, South Carolina, were equipped with two Mk 13 launchers, fore and aft, capable of firing the Standard SM-1MR or SM-2MR surface-to-air missiles, one Mk 112 launcher for ASROC missiles, and eight Mk-141 launch tubes for Harpoon missiles. They were equipped with two Mk 45 5-inch rapid-fire guns, fore and aft. Four 12.75-inch torpedo launchers (two on each side, protruding from their magazine space on the main deck) were fitted for light weight anti-submarine torpedoes. Two Mk 15 Phalanx 20 mm gun systems were fitted in the 1980s.
The ships were originally designed to carry and launch the Mark 48 torpedo from a large space beneath the flight deck aft. Although a surface-launched version of the Mk 48 was never produced, the ships retained this large magazine space until their retirement.
Both ships underwent a mid-life refueling and overhaul in the early 1990s to give them a further 18 years active service. This modernization upgraded their two 150 MW D2G reactor plants with new 165 MW D2W reactor cores, installed the New Threat Upgrade (NTU) to improve their anti-aircraft warfare (AAW) capability, and removed their anti-submarine warfare (ASW) capability, which involved disabling their SQS-26 sonar and removing their ASROC anti-submarine weapons, though the two triple Mk 32 ASW torpedo launchers were retained. External differences resulting from this modernization included the removal of the ASROC launcher and the large deckhouse forward of it that served as the ASROC magazine, replacement of the SPS-40 radar antenna with the SPS-49 antenna, and replacement of the SPS-48C with the larger SPS-48E antenna. Both ships retained the bulbous sonar domes at the forefoot (beneath the waterline) until retirement, even after their sonar systems were disabled. While the ships were as modernized as much as possible, and were capable of service until 2010; they still were only capable of firing SM-2MR missiles from their Mk-13 launchers, and their high cost of operation made them targets for early retirement, and as such they were both decommissioned in 1999.
Ships in class
See also
List of cruisers of the United States Navy
List of United States Navy destroyer leaders
External links
FAS: CGN-36 California class
Cruiser classes
The Brooklyn Crescents, affiliated with the Crescent Athletic Club, were an American amateur ice hockey team from Brooklyn in New York City.
History
The Brooklyn Crescents played in the American Amateur Hockey League in 1896–97 (the inaugural season) and between 1899 and 1918 and won nine championship titles, most in league history. The Crescents had several Canadian players on its team, among them Bob Wall, Bill Dobby and Arthur Liffiton from Montreal, Jimmy Shirreff from Brockville and James Sarsfield Kennedy from Barrie. Wall, Dobby and Kennedy joined the Crescents from the rivaling Brooklyn SC before the 1899–1900 season, while Liffiton joined from the same club for the 1901–02 season. Before moving to New York City both Bob Wall and Bill Dobby had played on the Montreal Shamrocks.
The Brooklyn Crescents played their home games at the Clermont Avenue Skating Rink in Brooklyn, which they shared with fellow AAHL team the Brooklyn Skating Club, from 1896 until 1906. From 1906 to 1916 they played at the St. Nicholas Rink in Manhattan. In January 1917 the team moved its operations to the Brooklyn Ice Palace at the corner of Atlantic Avenue and Bedford Avenue in Brooklyn.
References
Notes
Defunct ice hockey teams in the United States
Defunct sports teams in New York City
Ice hockey teams in the New York metropolitan area
Sports in Brooklyn
Stewart Dawson's building was a historic building on the corner of Lambton Quay and Willis Street in Wellington, New Zealand. The façade has been retained. Built in 1900 for the London jeweller David Stewart Dawson, it was located on a prominent corner where major thoroughfares Lambton Quay and Willis St meet. The site, commonly known as 'Stewart Dawson's corner', is particularly important to the history of Wellington.
The site had been known since the 1840s as Clay Point or Windy Point. Located on Wellington's original beach front, the site was marked as the 88th most desirable acre in Wellington by New Zealand Company selectors. In 1900 Dawson commissioned Wellington architect William Charles Chatfield to design a building to fit the triangular site. Chatfield designed a three-storey building with a front that followed the angle created by the junction of Lambton Quay and Willis Street.
Stewart Dawson's building was a fine example of Victorian commercial architecture. Italianate in style, it has a well proportioned façade with pilasters heavily decorated with fine floral ornamentation.
The building was classified as a "Category II" by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. In 2016 Stewart Dawson's jewellery company moved out. Stewart Dawson's building and the heritage buildings on either side of it were demolished, with the historic façades retained, and a new building is being constructed behind the façades. Argosy Property Limited, who own the site, originally planned to construct a five-storey building on the site but after the 2016 Kaikōura earthquake realised there was a market demand for larger resilient buildings and came up with a new design for a 12-storey block. The building will be fully electric and energy efficient and will be leased by the Department of Statistics and the Ministry for the Environment. Completion was due in April 2021 but after delays and cost increases a revised completion date of February 2022 was announced.
References
External links
Stewart Dawson Jewellers website
Buildings and structures in Wellington City
NZHPT Category II listings in the Wellington Region
1900s architecture in New Zealand
Aloys Elloy (born in 1829 in Servigny-les-Raville) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tonga. They were appointed bishop in 1863. They died in 1878.
References
1829 births
1878 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Tonga
Isaac Hardenbergh House, also known as The Hardenbergh Manor, is a historic home located at Roxbury in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built about 1790 and consists of a 2-story, five-bay center-entrance stone structure with a smaller -story frame addition built about 1820. Also on the property is a board and batten horse and carriage barn, the ruins of a large dairy barn, and gateposts partially constructed of millstones.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
References
External links
Zadock Pratt Museum - "History Feature": The Hardenbergh Manor (1780) - Rte 23, just west of Prattsville
Houses completed in 1790
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Georgian architecture in New York (state)
Houses in Delaware County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
De Clementia (frequently translated as On Mercy in English) is a two volume (incomplete) hortatory essay written in AD 55–56 by Seneca the Younger, a Roman Stoic philosopher, to the emperor Nero in the first five years of their reign.
Date and writing
The work was written after Nero had become emperor and clearly dates from an early part of Nero's reign. From Seneca's remarks, it would appear that it was written after Nero had turned eighteen, which would place it after the murder of their rival Britannicus in AD 55. It may therefore have been written partly as an apology, perhaps as a means of assuring the Roman nobility that the murder would be the end, not the beginning of bloodshed.
The work survives in a fragmentary state. Of an original three books, only the first and the beginning of the second survive.
The essay
Seneca's De Clementia is an instructional contrast between the good ruler and the tyrant, and an evaluation of the relationship between ruler and subject. A survey of history is made in the first volume to select different rulers to point out as examples, including Dionysius of Syracuse and Sulla being used as cautionary tales and young Augustus as the exemplar. An extended illustration of Augustus showing mercy to the rebellious Cinna alongside an example from Nero's own life is meant to encourage the aspiring emperor to likewise show clemency.
While the first volume is accommodated to popular understanding the second book touches on stoic paradoxes and scholastic details. In general, the two books are not overly concerned with historical accuracy.
Within their essay, Seneca does not discuss the constitutional legitimacy of the principate, but rather deals with the problem of having a good sovereign. The only real power, in their view, was power which was guided by the Stoic conception of logos (universal reason). Thus, clemency, not pity or unmotivated generosity, is the reasonable approach which guarantees the consent and devotion of the emperor's subjects and provides the state's security.
Legacy
De Clementia is a rare survival of a Roman work dedicated to political advice. It is particularly unusual in its discussion of mercy, as later panegyrics tend to emphasise imperial piety and majesty.
The text has come down to us together with De Beneficiis in one of the earliest surviving Senecan manuscripts, as part of the 8th century Codex Nazarianus (Vat. Pal. 1547). In the 12th century copies of De Clementia were circulating Europe nearly always attached to De Beneficiis, and in this form it reached the Renaissance. Although always regarded as a minor work of Seneca's, it received one significant appraisal in 1532 when John Calvin published their commentary on it.
John Calvin's commentary on De Clementia
Shortly after finishing their legal studies, a young John Calvin wrote their first book, a commentary on De Clementia. The commentary consists mostly of philological notes and context with other Latin writers interspersed with notes on Seneca's style and ideas. There have been three suggested reasons for this. First, Erasmus wrote the preface to their 1529 translation of Seneca that they welcomed editorial comments by young scholars. In taking up this invitation, some believe Calvin was attempting to establish their reputation as a humanist among the intellectual elite. Second, because there was a general revival of Stoicism in Renaissance times, it may have been simply because Calvin wanted more popularity for Seneca. Theodore Beza, who was Calvin's successor in Geneva, mentions Seneca as "a great favorite for him" because they were "obviously in accord with Calvin." The third possibility, generally rejected by scholars, is that they were writing to the French King Francis I. The lack of a dedication to him, mention of him, and gross error that would have been made comparing Francis with Nero all lead to the theory's disuse.
In writing their Commentary, Calvin made use of the texts of two "ancient pillars," Cicero and Seneca, and two "modern pillars," Erasmus and Budaeus. Ford Lewis Battles argues there is a third "modern pillar," Philipus Beroaldus the Elder. When quoting from sources, they are less versed in Greek literature than in Latin. It is worth noting that Calvin's brief biographical sketch of Seneca at the outset is taken almost entirely from Tacitus, while ignoring the less noble picture from Dio Cassius.
Fundamentally, Calvin at this point in their career is acting as a humanist and not a Protestant reformer. Calvin and Seneca agree that all men are sinners and sin needs to be punished, and both are committed to a deterministic theism. However, it becomes clear that Calvin had not intended to pass Stoic elements into Protestant theology, and in fact Calvin attacks the Stoic creed more often than they approve it. Beyond theological critique, Calvin also reproves Seneca's style as too luxuriant, and remarks, "I also miss the orderly arrangement of matter, which is certainly not the least quality of a good style." We can already begin to see the anticipation of Calvin's full development in their writing method and can expect the transformation of Calvin's classical learning and the seriousness of the Stoic ethic into Christian faith.
Quotations
Notes
References
Further reading
Translations
John M. Cooper, J.F. Procope, (1995). Seneca: Moral and Political Essays (Cambridge Texts in the History of Political Thought). Cambridge University Press.
John Davie (2007), Seneca: Dialogues and Essays. Oxford World Classics.
Robert A. Kaster, Martha C. Nussbaum, (2012). Seneca: Anger, Mercy, Revenge. University of Chicago Press.
Editions
Braund, Susanna (2011) Seneca: De Clementia. (Edited with translation and commentary). Oxford University Press.
External links
Philosophical works by Seneca the Younger
Mirrors for princes
The 2022–23 season is FC Midtjylland's 24th season of existence, and their 22nd consecutive season in the Danish Superliga, the top tier of football in Denmark. As a result of the club's runner-up finish in the 2021–22 Danish Superliga, it competed in the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League through the Third Qualifying Round, and subsequently will compete in the 2022-23 UEFA Europa League Group Stage.
Squad
Out on loan
Non-competitive
Pre-season friendlies
Competitive
Competition record
Danish Superliga
Regular season
Results by round - Regular season
Regular season
Danish Cup
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
Group Stage
Statistics
Appearances
Includes all competitive matches.
Goalscorers
This includes all competitive matches.
Assists
This includes all competitive matches.
Clean sheets
This includes all competitive matches.
Disciplinary record
This includes all competitive matches.
References
External links
FC Midtjylland in Danish
FC Midtjylland seasons
Danish football clubs 2022–23 season
Midtjylland
The Moray Eels Eat the Holy Modal Rounders is the fourth studio album by the New York psychedelic folk band the Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1968 through Elektra Records.
Track listing
Personnel
The Holy Modal Rounders
Sam Shepard – percussion
Peter Stampfel – banjo, electric violin, vocals
Richard Tyler – piano
Steve Weber – guitar, vocals
Additional musicians and production
William S. Harvey – art direction
Bob Labla – engineering
Robin Labla – engineering
Frazier Mohawk – production
References
External links
1968 albums
Elektra Records albums
The Holy Modal Rounders albums
Occinirvana eborea is a species of leafhopper in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. It is the only member of the genus Occinirvana and the tribe Occinirvanini, making them both monotypic taxa. O. eborea is endemic to Western Australia. It is closely related to Loralia, another genus of leafhoppers endemic to Australia.
O. eborea is an ivory and orange colored medium leafhopper. It is easily identifiable by its unique head shape with long antennae sprouting out high up on its head. Not much is known about the species' ecology, but it has been found on trees in the genus Casuarina.
References
Deltocephalinae
Cicadellidae
Insects described in 1941
Holochlora japonica, the Japanese broadwinged katydid, is a species of katydid or bush cricket native to eastern Asia in the large subfamily Phaneropterinae.
The Japanese broadwinged katydid was first described in 1878 by Swiss entomologist Carl Brunner von Wattenwyl in their Monographie der Phaneropteriden. The type locality is in Japan.
Description
It is a medium sized bush cricket with a green body: the length of the type specimen, a male, is . The ovipositor of females is darkened at the tip, with black, serrated lines on the sides.
References
japonica
Orthoptera of Asia
Insects described in 1878
Francis MacKenzie (born 1960) is former leader of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party.
Francis Mackenzie may also refer to:
Francis Mackenzie, 1st Baron Seaforth (1754–1815), British politician and general
Francis Wallace Mackenzie (1824–1892), member of parliament for Otago, New Zealand
Francis Mackenzie (missionary) (1833–1895), Scottish member of the Plymouth Brethren
Francis Mackenzie, 2nd Earl of Cromartie (1852–1893), British peer
See also
Frank Mackenzie Ross (1891–1971), Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia
The Catherine the Great egg, also known as Grisaille Egg and Pink Cameo Egg, is an Imperial Fabergé egg, one of a series of fifty-four jewelled enameled Easter eggs made under the supervision of Peter Carl Fabergé for the Russian Imperial family.
It was an Easter 1914 gift for Tsarina Maria Feodorovna from their son Tsar Nicholas II, who had a standing order of two Easter eggs every year, one for their mother and one for their wife.
The egg was made by Henrik Wigström, "Fabergé's last head workmaster". The egg in gold and diamonds on a claw-foot stand features pink enamel panels painted in cameo style with miniature allegorical scenes of the arts and sciences based on French artist François Boucher.
The Dowager Empress described the egg in a letter to their sister, Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom:
They [Nicholas II] wrote me a most charming letter and presented me with a most beautiful Easter egg. Fabergé brought it to me himself. It is a true chef d'oeuvre in pink enamel and inside a porte-chaise carried by two negroes with Empress Catherine in it wearing a little crown on their head. You wind it up and then the negroes walk: it is an unbelievable beautiful and superbly fine piece of work. Fabergé is the greatest genius of our time, I also told him: Vous êtes un génie incomparable.
The egg's surprise, also described as "a mechanical sedan chair, carried by two blackamoors, with Catherine the Great seated inside" has since been lost.
It forms part of the Marjorie Merriweather Post collection at Hillwood Museum in Washington, D.C.
Its Easter 1914 counterpart (presented to the Empress Alexandra Feodorovna) is the Mosaic Egg, now in the Royal Collection in London.
The stand was commissioned in 1940 by Marjorie Merriweather Post, modelled after that of the 1898 Pelican egg.
References
Further reading
External links
Catherine the Great Easter Egg at Hillwood
Website by Annemiek Wintraecken: Catherine the Great Egg
Imperial Fabergé eggs
1914 works
Catherine the Great
Planaltinella rhatyma is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Brazil in the Federal District and the state of Goiás.
References
Moths described in 1994
Cochylini
Jung In-gi (born September 12, 1966) is a South Korean actor. Jung made their acting debut in 1990, and has remained active in mainstream and independent film as well as television, notably in Jury (2013), The Five (2013) and Gap-dong (2014).
Filmography
Film
Television series
Music video
Theater
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
People from Gyeonggi Province
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male stage actors
20th-century South Korean male actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
The Brazilian Fencing Confederation ( (CBE)) is the national organization responsible for managing and promoting the sport of fencing in Brazil. The CBE was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro.
The CBE is affiliated with the International Fencing Federation. Its president is Gerli dos Santos, and its vice president is Ricardo Machado Pacheco.
External links
National members of the Panamerican Fencing Confederation
Jersey Township may refer to:
Jersey Township, Jersey County, Illinois
Jersey Township, Licking County, Ohio
Township name disambiguation pages
Bouhier is a French surname. Notable people with the name include:
Jean Bouhier (jurist) (1673-1746), président à mortier to the Parlement de Bourgogne and writer
Jean Bouhier (bishop) (1666-1743), first bishop of Dijon
Claude Bouhier de Lantenay (1681-1755), second bishop of Dijon
French-language surnames
Henry the Fat may refer to:
Henry, Margrave of Frisia (died 1101)
Henry I, Count of Anhalt (died 1252)
Henry I of Cyprus (died 1253)
Henry I of Navarre (died 1274)
Henry V, Duke of Legnica (died 1296)
Henry IV, Duke of Mecklenburg (died 1477)
The women's shot put event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 12 September 1979.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Louis-Joseph Faure (5 March 1760 – 12 June 1837) was a French jurist and politician who was one of the four authors of the Napoleonic Code.
They were born in Le Havre and became a judge in Paris in 1791. On 18 February 1792 they were elected as assistant to Maximilien Robespierre, the "public accuser" of the Tribunal criminel. They were a deputy prosecutor of the Seine, and then a member of the Council of Five Hundred and later the Tribunat. They became a member of the Conseil d'État in 1807. They submitted a report on the Code de procédure in 1806 and one on the Code pénal in 1810.
References
Dictionnaire Bouillet
First French Empire
19th-century French judges
20th-century French judges
People of the French Revolution
1760 births
1837 deaths
Otis Livingston Graham Jr. (1935–2017) was an American historian, with a special interest in political history, immigration, and public history.
Born in Nashville, Tennessee, on June 25, 1935, Graham received their BA in history from Yale University in 1957 (he also was a varsity wrestler at Yale). After serving three years as an officer in the US Marine Corps, they earned their PhD in history at Columbia University in 1966 (under Richard Hofstadter and William Leuchtenburg) with a doctoral dissertation entitled The Old Progressive and the New Deal: A Study of the Modern Reform Tradition. They taught at Mount Vernon Seminary and College and then California State University, Hayward, before they joined the Department of History at the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 1966 (the same year as Alfred Gollin). Graham taught there until 1980, when they became Distinguished University Professor at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.
They returned to the history department at the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 1989 and taught there until 1995. From 1990 to 1997 they served as editor of The Public Historian. They then taught at the University of North Carolina, Wilmington, until 2002.
Graham published over 25 books during their career. They also served on the Council of the American Historical Association from 1971 to 1974. Graham was awarded fellowships by the John Simon Guggenheim Foundation, the Woodrow Wilson Center, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences. They became interested in immigration later in their career and served as founding chairperson of the Center for Immigration Studies.
They died on November 14, 2017, in Westlake Village, California.
Selected publications
Otis L. Graham, An Encore for Reform: The Old Progressives and the New Deal (New York: Oxford University Press, 1967).
Otis L. Graham, Toward a Planned Society: From Roosevelt to Nixon (New York: Oxford University Press, 1976)
Otis L. Graham, Losing Time: The Industrial Policy Debate (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1992).
Otis L. Graham, Unguarded Gates: A History of America's Immigration Crisis (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 2004)
Otis L. Graham, Immigration Reform and America's Unchosen Future (Bloomington, IN: AuthorHouse, 2008)
Otis L. Graham, Presidents and the American Environment (Lawrence: University Press of Kansas, 2015)
References
1935 births
2017 deaths
20th-century American historians
Academic journal editors
American male non-fiction writers
Columbia University alumni
Historians of immigration to the United States
Historians of the United States
Political historians
Public historians
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
University of North Carolina at Wilmington faculty
Writers from Nashville, Tennessee
Yale University alumni
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1952 season.
Overview
It was contested by 11 teams, and AVN won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Xixi () is a river in Tong'an District of Xiamen City, in Fujian Province of China. Said to be "Xiamen's largest river", it is long and has a drainage basin of .
The Xixi starts in the Zhaijianwei Mountains (寨尖尾山 Zhàijiānwěishān) in the northwestern part of Tong'an District, and flows in the general south-eastern direction. After receiving a number of tributaries - Lianhuaxi (莲花溪, Lotus Stream), Aoxi (), Dingxi (), it merges with the Dongxi (东溪, Eastern Stream) at the place called Shuangxikou (双溪口, "The confluence of two streams), near Tong'an District's central urban area. It then continues to the south, forming an estuary as it discharges into Dongzui Harbour (), which is a bay of Taiwan Strait mostly enclosed by Tong'an District and Xiang'an District on the mainland and the Xiamen Island.
References
Rivers of Fujian
Geography of Xiamen
Border Cafe may refer to:
Border Cafe (film), a 1937 film
Border Cafe (TV series), a British TV series
Café Transit a 2005 film directed by Kambuzia Partoviaka, also known as Border Café
Jeffrey Leon Blackshear (March 29, 1969 – August 31, 2019) was an American football guard who played nine seasons in the National Football League. They played for the Seattle Seahawks, Baltimore Ravens, Kansas City Chiefs and Green Bay Packers. Blackshear attended Northeast Louisiana University.
References
1969 births
2019 deaths
People from Fort Pierce, Florida
Players of American football from Florida
American football offensive guards
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Northwest Mississippi Rangers football players
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks football players
Place of death missing
Seattle Seahawks players
Baltimore Ravens players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Green Bay Packers players
Deaths from cancer in the United States
The Lower Guadiana International Bridge (; ) is a bridge that crosses the Chança River connecting southern Spain and Portugal.
Since early December 2016 to June 2017 the bridge was closed due to a landslide on the Spanish side of the bridge.
See also
Guadiana Roman bridge.
Guadiana International Bridge.
Our Lady of Help Bridge.
References
International bridges
Road bridges in Spain
Bridges in Andalusia
Portugal–Spain border crossings
Bridges over the Guadiana River
is a manga series written by Yuko Ichiju and illustrated by Shino Taira. The individual chapters were originally serialized in Akita Shoten's Princess magazine between February 6, 2002, and April 5, 2003. It was later published in three tankōbon volumes from August 22, 2002 to July 10, 2003. At the New York Anime Festival, Go! Comi announced the manga series was licensed for an English language release in North America. It was adapted into two drama CDs by King Records; the first was released on February 26, 2003, while the second was published on October 22, 2003.
Plot
Volume One
There's nothing harder than starting fresh at a new high school...unless it's having to hide your secret identity as a cat-burglar! Asuka is just your average, ordinary girl, except for their midnight vigilante habit of stealing from evil-doers! To them surprise, they find she's not the only thief in school...but can this lone wolf learn to play well with others?
Volume Two
Asuka is getting to know their new teammates, and the jobs they've pulled together have all gone well...until they drop a priceless statue into the hands of an innocent bystander! Classmate Hirose has a major crush on Asuka, so it's probably a good thing they don't know she's the one who just got them kidnapped!
Volume Three
Asuka's past catches up to them when their former mentor is framed. Asuka will do anything to prove their innocence... well, at least in this situation! Meanwhile, threats from the ruthless, unstoppable head of a powerful corporation endanger something very precious left to Asuka by their parents - which turns out to be much more important than they could ever have imagined!
Characters
Main Cast
Asuka Hamuro is a sixteen-year-old girl who, because of their brother's job, has relocated from Okinawa to Yokohama. They attend "Private School Asumori High," where they meet several interesting characters. For several years they have moonlighted as "Cat," a thief who steals objects and gives them back to their rightful owners. Because of this, and because of their previous involvement with high school gymnastics, they are recruited for the "chivalrous thieves" organization Bogle.
Masato Ogami is a sixteen-year-old guy in Asuka's class. They love gadgets, learning everything they knew from an old former neighbor, and designs many of the items used during Bogle's missions. They have three older brothers, a doctor Taketo, a 26-year-old lawyer Hideto, and a rock star Kaito.
Ryoma Munakata is the eighteen-year-old captain of Asumori High's kendo team, their skills earning them the name "the fierce god of Asumori" from competitors. Asuka has also seen them gardening, although is told not to tell anyone for fear of their reputation.
Supporting Cast
Nobuyuki Hamuro is Asuka's 26-year-old brother who as a member of the Yokohama police is determined to catch the members of Bogle.
Reijiro Wakaki is the son of Eiichiro the school principal, a professor at Asumori, and a key figure in the Bogle organization.
Mika Asami is Asuka and Masato's classmate and a member of the newspaper club.  They are one of the first people to befriend Asuka, lives in the same apartment complex as her, and has an elder sister who works as a detective in the same unit as Asuka's brother.
Fuki Konishi is the younger sister of Ryoma's childhood friend and painter Shunji Konishi, and, as of Volume Two, a classmate at Asumori.
Kiyomaru Wakaki is in the sixth grade, a whiz at hacking computers and the younger brother of Reijiro. They assist Bogle with tracking down electronic records and information.
Toshinobu Hirose is a sophomore in class A and the so-called "ace striker" on Asumori's soccer team, who develops feelings for Asuka and attempts to ask them out.
Reception
Further reading
References
External links
2002 manga
Action anime and manga
Akita Shoten manga
Go! Comi titles
Mystery anime and manga
Shōjo manga
Argyria () was a town located in the ancient Troad on the right bank of the Aesepus River (modern Gönen Çay) near Scepsis. It was noted for its silver mines, whence the town's name (άργυρος is Greek for 'silver'). Strabo further clarifies its location as at the foot of Mount Ida near the source of the Aesepus.
Its site is located near Karaidin Maden (Gümüş Maden) in Asiatic Turkey.
References
Populated places in ancient Troad
Former populated places in Turkey
Clonbinane is a sparse pastoral community in the Australian state of Victoria. It is located north of the state capital city, Melbourne. Geographically, it lies east of the Hume Freeway but now lacks a distinctive township precinct. According to Crown Land records of 1856, the pastoral region was part of the Western Port District. At the , Clonbinane had a population of 347.
The name Clonbinane suggests a marriage of two surnames, Clon and Binane. The Binane part may have found its origins in Welsh, Irish or Scottish clans surnames, deriving from the Latin "Benedictus". It is suggested that the Binane part of the name came from the galectisation of Benedictus and that the Clon part may have its origins in early Scottish history. It is not clear how the name came about as a mention in the Crown Land Leases of 1848.
History
Colonial history
During the development of the Australian colonies, the Clonbinane area was part of the Colony of New South Wales between 1788 and 1851 when, on 1 July 1851, Victoria was separated from New South Wales. An early mention of the name Clonbinane appeared in The Argus on 29 September 1848 in relation to Claims to Leases of Crown Land. At that time, a –run Clonbinane was cited as a claim by Michael Heffernan. The property was bound by along Reedy Creek to the north, Mt Whitehead to the west, up to the ranges east and off Kirk and Harlin to the south with a potential for 600 head of cattle.
Gold mining
Gold mining commenced in the Clonbinane area around 1870 and lasted until around 1880. There was a cyanide processing plant on the Wandong-Kilmore Rd which served the local gold mines. When the gold appeared to run out, the area was extensively logged and supported saw milling. More recently, test drillings have indicated potential yield on the Golden Dyke, Rising Sun and Apollo prospects at Beadell Resources Reedy Creek Project.
Postal services
Clonbinane Post Office opened on 23 January 1892 and closed on 1 July 1895, reopening again 5 October 1897 and closing 30 April 1956. According to National Archives of Australia, it was determined in 1964 that, at the time of its existence in 1902, the Clonbinane Post Office was domiciled at the Clonbinane Park homestead. The prominence of that site suggests that was the true location of Clonbinane, which concurs with government mapping. According to the Victorian Postal Guide of March 1895, mail coming from Melbourne had to be posted by 0530 hours to reach Clonbinane Post Office by 1330 hours on the same day, allowing for sorting and logistics. At Clonbinane, mail had to lodged by 0900 hours to reach Melbourne's GPO by 1525 hours. Those time-frames suggest that mail was routinely carried by train during the period, probably between Melbourne and Wandong. The Clonbinane post office building burnt down in the Black Saturday fires on 7 February 2009. It was a single room weatherboard shed with a corrugated iron roof and was on the property known as Walhaven on Government Road which, along with the original Clonbinane Park homestead, was destroyed in the fires.
Location
The small village called Clonbinane (next to and named after the homestead) is located on the banks of Sunday Creek, just off Clonbinane Road, and is accessed via Hibberds Lane over a bridge across the creek. In its gold mining heyday, the village had about 20 houses and a school. Clonbinane shares a postcode with neighbouring towns Broadford, Flowerdale, Hazeldene, Reedy Creek, Strath Creek, Sugarloaf Creek, Sunday Creek, Tyaak and Waterford Park. An adjacent housing estate called Waterford Park is often mistaken for Clonbinane itself. In 2006, the total population of this postcode was 5047.
2000s
In July 2007, a Rockwell Commander 500S aircraft, en route to Shepparton from Essendon Airport, broke up in-flight approximately 1.5 km SSW of the Equine Centre (at ), crashing in a heavily timbered mountain range. The aircraft was carrying the aircraft's owner and a pilot on an aircraft recovery mission when it encountered severe turbulence; both sustained fatal injuries.
The region was affected by the Black Saturday bushfires on 7 February 2009 with the fires converging from Kilmore East over the area's farmlets.
Places of interest
The area is host to the Equi Ventures Equestrian Centre, located at just before the entrance to the Anderson's Gardens bush park on the Clonbinane Road at the entrance to the Mt Disappointment National Park. As of 1 August 2011, the bush parks are still inaccessible or difficult to access due to forest safety concerns after the fires.
Clonbinane Park
"Clonbinane Park" is a heritage listed site built for M. K. McKenzie around 1885 located approximately off the Clonbinane Road (at ). Crown land licence records from 1856 suggested two large pastoral properties (runs) of around were operated by the McKenzie and McDonald families at Clonbinane and Reedy Creek. According to The Argus of 27 January 1866 John McRae McKenzie was reported as being of Clonbinane and Tallarook Stations when on 25 January 1866 they married Emily Anne Cairnes, the eldest daughter of Henry Cairnes of Dublin, Ireland. John McDonald was reported in the records to have been assessed for 4,600 sheep, 20 cattle and 8 horses. "Clonbinane Park" was in 1922 a property of with a grating area with excellent potential for cattle grazing and wool production. "Clonbinane Station" appears to have been a much larger property with a sales notice in The Argus of 4 July 1878 citing . The old homestead at Clonbinane Park was almost completely destroyed by the Black Saturday bushfires in 2009. The shell of the building and its tower were finally demolished in May 2021.
Weather
Rainfall typically results in balanced wet and dry days per annum. Highest rainfall rates occur in February and late October through November. The average per day is around and the high range is . Total rainfall per annum is around .
Temperatures typically peak in February and are at their lowest in June–July which can result in morning frost. The daily spread is about degrees. On Black Saturday, temperatures in and around Melbourne reached near .
References
External links
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in Lower Hume
Shire of Mitchell
Hume Highway
The pound was the currency of Rhode Island until 1793. Initially, sterling coin and foreign coins circulated, supplemented by local paper money from 1710. These notes were denominated in £sd, but they were worth less than sterling, with 1 Rhode Island shilling = 9d sterling. The first issue of notes was known as the "Old Tenor" issue. This fell in value and "New Tenor" notes were introduced in 1740, worth four times the Old Tenor notes. Both Old and New Tenor notes were replaced in 1763 by "Lawful money" at a rate of 1 Lawful shilling = 6⅔ New Tenor shillings = 26⅔ old Tenor shills.
The state of Rhode Island issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars, with 1 dollar = 6 shillings. The continental currency was replaced by the U.S. dollar at a rate of 1,000 continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Newman, Eric P. The Early Paper Money of America. 5th edition. Iola, Wisconsin: Krause Publications, 2008. .
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in the United States
Pre-statehood history of Rhode Island
Francis Michael Skaff (September 30, 1910 – April 12, 1988) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) infielder, coach, manager and scout. They played for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1935 and for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1943, and served as acting manager of the Detroit Tigers for the latter half of the season after their two immediate predecessors in the post were stricken with terminal illnesses.
Playing career
Amateur
Born in La Crosse, Wisconsin, Skaff's family moved to Lowell, Massachusetts in 1920, where Frank attended Lowell High School. They were captain of the school's football, basketball, and baseball teams, and graduated in 1929. They went on to attend Villanova University on a football scholarship, but an injury prevented their football-playing, and put them on a baseball scholarship instead. Skaff played third base for the Villanova nine, and graduated in 1935 with a degree in economics. While at Villanova in 1933, Skaff played summer baseball for Harwich of the Cape Cod Baseball League (CCBL), helping to lead the team to its first league title. A CCBL all-league selection as an outfielder, it was reported that Skaff "covers acres of territory, catches everything in sight," and was "the dread of all opposing pitchers".
Professional
Upon graduation, Skaff was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers, and spent most of 1935 with the minor league Peoria Tractors. They were called up by Brooklyn late in the 1935 season, and appeared in six games for the Dodgers that year. Skaff's major league debut came on September 11 in the Dodgers' 7–4 loss to the Cincinnati Reds at Crosley Field, when they entered the game in the ninth inning to pinch-hit against Paul Derringer, and grounded out. Skaff went 2-for-3 with an RBI three days later as the Dodgers' third baseman in an 18–14 loss to the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. In their six games with the Dodgers, Skaff was an impressive 6-for-11 at the plate with three RBIs, and made one error in seven chances at third base.
Skaff spent the 1936–1941 seasons in the minors, and retired after the 1941 season. Working in the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and playing semi-pro baseball, they were signed in 1943 by the Philadelphia Athletics. Skaff appeared in 32 games for the Athletics during their 1943 season, batting .281 in 71 plate appearances. Their lone major league home run came on September 27 in the second game of a doubleheader against the St. Louis Browns, a grand slam off Al Hollingsworth that reportedly hit the roof at Shibe Park.
Skaff played for the Baltimore Orioles of the International League from 1944 to 1946, and was player-manager for the Montgomery Rebels through 1948, but never made another big-league appearance. Over their two major league seasons, Skaff hit .320 in 82 plate appearances.
Coaching and scouting career
1946–1965
Skaff managed in the Athletics' farm system through 1953, and was a coach for the 1954 Orioles during their first American League season as the reborn St. Louis Browns, before joining the Tiger organization as a minor league skipper and scout. In , they were named to the Tigers' MLB coaching staff.
Interim manager of 1966 Tigers
Skaff's turn as acting manager of the 1966 Tigers came as a result of the serious, ultimately fatal, illnesses of their two 1966 predecessors. On May 16, after 26 games, veteran manager Chuck Dressen suffered their second heart attack in as many seasons. As in , third base coach Bob Swift took over the Tigers on an interim basis as Dressen recovered. After 57 games as the Tigers' manager, Swift was hospitalized during the July 11–13 All-Star break for what appeared to be a stomach ailment; however, their malady proved to be lung cancer and they were forced to immediately give up the reins.
Skaff, who had begun 1966 as Detroit's bench coach, then moved to third base under Swift, became the team's second acting manager of the season on July 14 and finished the campaign. The Tigers won only 40 of the 79 games Skaff managed, and finished third in the American League, nine games in arrears of the eventual world champion Orioles. Both Dressen and Swift would die during the year. Dressen, 71, appeared to be making a recovery in early August when they were stricken by a kidney infection; they died August 10. Swift, 51, succumbed to cancer on October 17, 1966.
1967–1988
On October 3, the Tigers hired Mayo Smith as manager for 1967, and Skaff moved into a scouting role. They never managed again in the majors (his 40–39 career record produced a winning percentage of .506), but returned to Detroit as a coach under Billy Martin in 1971.
Skaff was inducted into the Villanova University Varsity Club Hall of Fame in 1976, and the Lowell High School Athletic Hall of Fame in 1987. They retired from full-time scouting in 1983, but continued part-time until their death in 1988, which came while on a scouting trip for the Tigers in Towson, Maryland at age 77.
References
External links
1910 births
1988 deaths
Allentown Brooks players
American people of Syrian descent
Baltimore Orioles coaches
Baltimore Orioles (IL) players
Baseball players from Wisconsin
Birmingham Barons managers
Brooklyn Dodgers players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) managers
Cape Cod Baseball League players (pre-modern era)
Charleston Rebels players
Clinton Owls players
Cooleemee Cards players
Detroit Tigers coaches
Detroit Tigers managers
Detroit Tigers scouts
Durham Bulls managers
Greenville Spinners players
Harwich Mariners players
Knoxville Smokies players
Major League Baseball bench coaches
Major League Baseball first base coaches
Major League Baseball first basemen
Major League Baseball third base coaches
Montgomery Rebels players
Oswego Netherlands players
Philadelphia Athletics players
Sportspeople from La Crosse, Wisconsin
Reading Brooks players
Trenton Senators players
Villanova Wildcats baseball players
The Kalabaz are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. They have Scheduled Caste status.
Origin
The word kalabaz in Hindi means an acrobat, and the Kalabaz or nagar caste are an endogamous sub-group within the larger Nat caste of North India. Like other Nats, they claim to have originally been Rajputs, who lost caste after their defeat at the hands of the Mughal Empire. Those Nats who became acrobats over time evolved into a distinct community. Historically, the Kalabaz were a nomadic community, but have now been settled by the Indian government. They speak Hindi but have their own particular dialect.
Present circumstances
The Kalabaz are strictly endogamous and practice clan exogamy. They are further divided into a number of exogamous sub-divisions, known as gotras, namely the Bakiya, Dariyabadi, Dibichia, Ghughasia, Goojre, Gulal, Jharbheria, Kala, Kingiriya, Kulba, Marora, Panchiya, Paharia and Sati. The main function of the gotra is to trace descent and to regulate their marriage alliances.
The Kalabaz are a landless community, and are still involved in their traditional occupation of acrobatic performances. Many have seen a decline in their traditional occupation, and are employed as day labourers. Like other Hindu castes, each Kalabaz settlement contains a biradari panchayat, an informal caste association, which acts as an instrument of social control.
The 2011 Census of India for Uttar Pradesh showed the Kalabaz, who were classified as a Scheduled Caste having a population of 11,199.
References
Indian castes
Scheduled Castes of Uttar Pradesh
The Rivière Rouge East is a tributary of the east bank of the Rouge River. This stream flows in the municipality of Château-Richer, in the La Jacques-Cartier Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province from Quebec, to Canada.
The upper part of this forest valley surrounded by mountains is served by a forest road from the south. While the Saint-Achillée road passes on the north side of the lower part. Forestry is the main economic activity in this valley; second, recreational tourism.
Because of its altitude, the surface of the upper part of the Rouge East River is generally frozen from the end of November to the beginning of April; however, safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March. The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation; the spring flood occurs in March or April.
Geography
The Rouge East River takes its source from Lac Grand (length: ; altitude: ) landlocked between the mountains. The mouth of this lake is located in the municipality of Château-Richer, at:
west of a mountain peak reaching ;
north-west of a mountain peak reaching ;
north-west of the north-west bank of the St. Lawrence River;
south-east of the confluence of the Rouge East River and the Rouge River (Montmorency River).
From the mouth of this head lake, the Rouge East River descends on , with a drop of according to the following segments:
to the south, then to the east, partly crossing Lac du Bord (length: ; altitude: ), to its mouth;
to the north with a drop of , up to a bend in the river, corresponding to the discharge of a stream (coming from the east);
west in the forest zone with a drop of , to its mouth.
The Rouge River East flows on the East bank of the Rouge river. From this confluence of the Rouge River East, the current descends on towards the northwest by following the course of the Rouge River, then descends on generally towards the south by the course of the Montmorency River, up to the northwest bank of the Saint Lawrence River.
Toponymy
The toponyms "Rivière Rouge" and "Rivière Rouge Est" are linked.
The toponym "Rivière Rouge Est" was officialized on December 13, 1996 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes and references
Appendices
See also
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
Château-Richer, a municipality
Rouge River
Montmorency River
List of rivers of Quebec
Bibliography
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality
Air Chief Marshal Sir Stephen John Hillier, (born 1962) is a retired senior Royal Air Force officer, who served as Chief of the Air Staff from 2016 to 2019. They were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions in the Gulf in 1999 and was awarded the United States Bronze Star Medal for service in the Iraq War. They went on to be Air Officer Commanding No. 2 Group, Director Information Superiority at the Ministry of Defence, Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff (Capability) and finally Chief of the Air Staff from July 2016. They were appointed chair of the Civil Aviation Authority in 2020.
Early life and education
Hillier was born in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, Scotland, the son of Victor and Ann Hillier, and grew up in nearby Bellfield. During the Second World War, their father was an aircraftman in the Royal Air Force, and was a wireless operator in a mobile signals unit in Burma and India. They were educated at Kilmarnock Academy and as a youth earned a private pilot's licence through the Air Training Corps flying scholarship scheme.
RAF career
Hillier was commissioned as an acting pilot officer on 6 November 1980, and regraded to pilot officer (after Initial Officer Training) on 6 November 1981. They were promoted to flying officer on 6 November 1982. They were a pilot – flying the Tornado aircraft – and served in the 1991 Gulf War. They were promoted to squadron leader on 1 July 1991 and wing commander on 1 July 1996, and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for their actions commanding II (AC) Squadron in the Gulf during Operation Southern Watch on 29 October 1999.
Promoted to group captain on 1 July 2000, Hillier became station commander at RAF Lossiemouth. They then served in the Iraq War, where they commanded the Tornado Detachment with aircraft supplied from No. 2, 12 and 617 Squadrons. For this, they were awarded the US Bronze Star Medal on 31 October 2003. They were also appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2005 New Year Honours, just prior to their promotion to air commodore on 1 January 2005 of that year.
Hillier served as Head of Theatre Airspace Capability in the Ministry of Defence prior to their promotion to air vice marshal and appointment as Air Officer Commanding No. 2 Group in September 2008. In October 2010 they returned to the Ministry of Defence as Director Information Superiority and in June 2012 they were promoted to air marshal and appointed Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff (Capability). They managed the UK's Carrier Enabled Power Projection Programme, encompassing the aircraft carrier, F35B Lightning II and Merlin Helicopter programmes. Hillier became Air Aide-de-Camp (ADC) to Queen Elizabeth II and succeeded Air Chief Marshal Sir Andrew Pulford as Chief of the Air Staff on 12 July 2016.
Hillier was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2014 New Year Honours, and Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) in the 2020 Birthday Honours.
Later life
Hillier has been a trustee of Veterans Aid since October 2019. In June 2020, they were nominated to be chair of the Civil Aviation Authority. They took up the appointment on 1 August 2020.
Personal life
In 1984, Hillier married Elaine Margaret Burns in Kilmarnock. Sir Stephen and Lady Hillier have two adult children, Rebecca and Alexander.
References
|-
|-
1962 births
Scottish military personnel
Living people
Chiefs of the Air Staff (United Kingdom)
Date of birth missing (living people)
People from Kilmarnock
People educated at Kilmarnock Academy
Scottish airmen
Royal Air Force air marshals
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Air Force personnel of the Gulf War
Royal Air Force personnel of the Iraq War
20th-century Royal Air Force personnel
21st-century Royal Air Force personnel
The Corozal Sugar Factory began operating in 1937 in Pembroke Hall, Belize (present day Libertad). Today the factory is abandoned, but delayed plans to repair it and add a new distillery for ethanol production have been underway since 2007.
History
Sugar production in Belize grew in the mid-1800s as Yucatán immigrants fled the Caste War and began cultivating sugarcane in British Honduras. British interest in exporting sugar led to the development of large plantations in the Corozal and Orange Walk regions. Sugar production peaked in the 1880s with 2.5 million pounds being exported, then decreasing to 200,000 pounds by the 1890s. With declining colonial sugar exports worrying the British government, the Corozal Sugar Factory was built in Pembroke Hall by Henry Melhado & Sons and marked the beginning of the country's modern sugar industry in 1937. However, factory output was stunted and it took 16 years to hit the goal of exporting 2,500 tons of sugar. The following year in 1954, the factory was fully operational and 7,357 tons of sugar were exported; a little over half the output of the 122 small producers in nearby villages. 25% of these small producers worked in San Narciso, 5 miles west of the Corozal Sugar Factory.
In 1967, British corporation Tate & Lyle purchased the factory, expanded it, and opened a second factory in Tower Hill near Orange Walk. With these investments, sugarcane became a booming industry for Belize and the standard of living in the Corozal and Orange Walk region improved.
A 1975 Tate & Lyle 'Annual Visit' document reveals some of the challenges the plant faced in maintaining high production at the peak of world sugar prices in the 1970s:
An additional sugarcane grab was ordered to move and bundle the cane within the factory. The 1 hydraulically operated grab couldn't keep up with the number of trucks arriving each day to deliver sugarcane.
Export sugar quality incurred substantial penalties for failing to meet American refiners' quality standards. Moisture, Color, Ash, and Grain Size penalties totaled £9,050 in 1973(41,650 tons shipped) and £28,000 in 1974(46,200 tons shipped). The plant consultants, J.D. Blanchard and R.R. Trott, suggested handling the sugar in barges and sometimes storing it in Belize City contributed to the low quality.
Sugar prices and closing
A substantial increase in world sugar prices in the 1970s was followed by a slump in the 1980s. These unstable sugar prices can be attributed to several factors:
A decline of sugar consumption in developed countries (notably the United States, Canada, and Japan) and increase of consumption in developing countries.
The United States protecting domestic producers by setting internal sugar prices. Japan also levied high duties and taxes on imported sugar.
The criticism of sugar and emergence of sugar alternatives such as High Fructose Corn Syrup in the 1970s (cereals even removed the word "sugar" from their titles).
Depressed sugar prices led Tate & Lyle to close the Corozal Sugar Factory in 1985 and divest 90% of its interest in the Tower Hill factory to employees.
Reopening
In 1989, the factory was leased to Jamaican petroleum company, Petrojam, and reopened for the production of molasses. The molasses was then exported to Jamaica where it was refined into ethanol. Through the Caribbean Basin Initiative, this ethanol was sold to the United States duty-free.
The factory was closed again in 1997.
Today
Today, all sugarcane in northern Belize is processed at the Tower Hill factory owned by Belize Sugar Industries (BSI) in Orange Walk.
Plans to reopen the Corozal Sugar Factory have been delayed. In 2007, the largest ethanol producer in Mexico and a Panama company created a joint venture, Destill Belize Ethanol, to reopen the factory and produce ethanol. The factory remains abandoned with a few large ethanol tanks in use adjacent to the main building.
References
Agriculture companies of Belize
Sugar companies
Food and drink companies established in 1937
Food and drink companies disestablished in 1985
Renewable resource companies established in 1989
Energy companies established in 1989
Companies disestablished in 1997
1937 establishments in British Honduras
1985 disestablishments in Belize
1989 establishments in Belize
1997 disestablishments in Belize
Renewable resource companies disestablished in 1997
Donald Anderson, Baron Anderson of Swansea (born 17 June 1939) is a Welsh Labour politician, who was one of the longest-serving Members of Parliament in recent years, their service totalling 34 years. Since 2005, they have served as a Labour peer in the House of Lords.
Education
Anderson was born in Swansea and educated at the local Brynmill Primary School and Swansea Grammar School before studying at Swansea University.
Political career
They entered the House of Commons in 1966 for Monmouth until being defeated in 1970 by the Conservative John Stradling Thomas.
From 1971 to 1974, they were a resident in Kensington and Chelsea and councillor in a neighbouring borough.
They then re-entered the Commons in October 1974, as MP for Swansea East. They were sworn of the Privy Council in 2000, and retired from Parliament at the 2005 general election.
In the 2005 Dissolution Honours, they were raised to the peerage as Baron Anderson of Swansea, of Swansea in the County of West Glamorgan. They were appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of the County of West Glamorgan in January 2006. Anderson belongs to Labour Friends of Israel.
Personal life
Anderson married Dorothy Trotman in 1963 and has three sons.
Donald Anderson, Baron Anderson of Swansea (1939–)
Hon. Robert J Anderson (1965–)
Hon. Hugh Jenkin D Anderson (1967–)
Hon. Geraint Frank C Anderson (1972–)
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Welsh Labour Party MPs
Labour Friends of Israel
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Swansea constituencies
Alumni of Swansea University
Deputy Lieutenants of West Glamorgan
Anderson of Swansea
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
National Union of Railwaymen-sponsored MPs
Politicians from Swansea
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
People educated at Bishop Gore School
People educated at Liberton High School
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Dragomir Vukobratović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгомир Вукобратовић; born 12 May 1988) is a Serbian footballer.
Club career
Vukobratović came up through the ranks at FK Vojvodina.
References
External links
Dragomir Vukobratović Stats at Utakmica.rs
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Karlovac
Serbs of Croatia
Serbian footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
FK Vojvodina players
FK Voždovac players
NK Osijek players
OFK Beograd players
Górnik Łęczna players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
FC Orenburg players
FCI Levadia Tallinn players
FC Novokuznetsk players
FK Radnik Surdulica players
FK Proleter Novi Sad players
Ermis Aradippou FC players
Ekstraklasa players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Meistriliiga players
Croatian Football League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Association football midfielders
Croatian emigrants to Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Estonia
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Estonia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Bikram Keshari Barma (25 May 1940 – 5 June 2021) was an Indian politician who served as a Member of the Odisha Legislative Assembly for Mahanga from 2004 to 2009.
Biography
They were a Member of the Odisha Legislative Assembly for Mahanga from 2004 until 2009.
Barma died from COVID-19 at age 81 in Bhubaneswar on 5 June 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Odisha.
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
Biju Janata Dal politicians
Members of the Odisha Legislative Assembly
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in India
21st-century Indian politicians
Odisha MLAs 2004–2009
People from Cuttack district
Twelfth Amendment may refer to:
Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution
Twelfth Amendment of the Constitution of South Africa
Twelfth Amendment of the Constitution Bill 1992
Paul de Wispelaere (4 July 1928 – 2 December 2016) was a Flemish writer.
Born in Bruges, they attended high school at the Sint-Lodewijkscollege in Bruges, where they graduated in Greek-Latin. They studied Germanic philology at the University of Ghent and obtained a PhD in 1974. De Wispelaere started their professional career at the school for teachers in Bruges, and from 1972 until 1992 they lectured in Dutch literature at the University of Antwerp.
They made their literary debut with stories which were published in magazines. They wrote contributions to Dietsche Warande en Belfort, De Tafelronde, Diagram, Komma, Nieuw Vlaams Tijdschrift, Het Vaderland, De Vlaamse Gids, Kunst van Nu, Nieuw Wereldtijdschrift, and Literatuur'''. Their autobiographically prose is related to the French nouveau roman, as in Scherzando ma non tropo (1959) and Mijn levende schaduw'' (E: My living shadow) (1965).
Bibliography
Fantasia (short story, 1954)
Lautering (short story, 1954)
Lea (short story, 1954)
De verukkelijke glimlach (short story, 1955)
De andere man (short story, 1956)
Viviane (short story, 1956)
Het examen (short story, 1956)
Scherzando ma non tropo (novel, 1959)
Het short story van Bérénica (short story, 1960)
Victor J. Brunclair (essay, 1960)
Hendrik Marsman (essay, 1961)
Een eiland worden (novel, 1963)
Mijn levende schaduw (novel, 1965)
Literatuur als therapie en mythe (essay, 1965)
Dagboekfragmenten (diary, 1966)
Het Perzisch tapijt (essay, 1966)
Het vat der Danaïden (essay, 1967)
Met kritisch oog (critiques, 1967)
Facettenoog (kritieken, 1968)
Drie realistische fabels van Sybren Polet (essay, 1968)
René Gysen of het gevecht met de realiteit (essay, 1970)
Paul-tegenpaul 1969-1970 (dagboek, 1970)
Een Vlaming bekijkt Nederland (essay, 1972)
Karel Van de Woestijne. De boer die sterft en andere verhalen (anthology, 1973)
Jef Geeraerts (essay, 1973)
Het proza 1966-1971 (essay, 1973)
Jan Walraevens (essay, 1974)
Louis Paul Boon, tedere anarchist (essay, 1976)
Een dag op het land (novel, 1976)
Wereld in teksten 1 t/m 6 (anthology, 1973–1977)
Tussen tuin en wereld (novel, 1979)
Mijn huis is nergens meer (novel, 1982)
Ivo Michiels. Het afscheid (essay, 1982)
Indruk 83. Wat schrijvers schrijven (anthology, 1982)
Vlaamse verhalen na 1965 (anthology, 1984)
Brieven uit Nergenshuizen (novel, 1987)
De broek van Sartre en andere essays (essays, 1987)
Het verkoolde alfabet (diary, 1992)
Tekst en context (essay, 1992)
Bar en bizar. Ontsluierde geheimen (anthology, 1993)
En de liefste dingen nog verder (novel, 1998)
Herman De Coninck. Het proza (2 delen, anthology, 2000)
Het land van de mosseleters. 150 jaar Vlaamse vertelkunst (anthology, 2002)
Awards
1980 - Staatsprijs voor Vlaams verhalend proza
1987 - Staatsprijs voor kritiek en essay
1998 - Prijs der Nederlandse Letteren
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Paul de Wispelaere (in Dutch)
Paul de Wispelaere
1928 births
2016 deaths
Flemish writers
Ghent University alumni
Prijs der Nederlandse Letteren winners
A. Flowerdew (1759 – 23 September 1830) was an English teacher, religious poet and hymnist. Them main work was Poems on Moral and Religious Subjects (1867). They died in 1830.
Early life
Alice (sometimes mistakenly referred to as "Anne") Flowerdew was born in 1759, in Bury St. Edmunds, England. Them maiden name is not known. They were erroneously referred to as "Anne" by Sir Roundell Palmer and other authorities, an error that a living descendant corrected.
Career
They were the second wife of Daniel Flowerdew, who for a few years held a government customs appointment in Jamaica. After they had resigned that position in slave-owning Jamaica and requested other employment, the couple returned to England with relief at the end of the 19th century.
After losing their husband in 1801, the widowed Flowerdew kept a ladies' boarding school in Islington, where they wrote most of their poetry. In 1802, their stepson, Charles Frederic Flowerdew, also died. While living in Islington, they attended the ministry of the Rev. Dr John Evans, author of A Sketch of the Several Religious Denominations (1795) and some other works. They were Minister of the General Baptist Church, Worship Street, London, and an Arian. Flowerdew is said to have held the same views. Some time between 1806 and 1811, they moved their school to Bury St Edmunds and became a member of the Bury "Glasshouse" congregation.
Writings
In 1803, Flowerdew published by subscription a volume entitled Poems on Moral and Religious Subjects, which was sold through their friend Henry Delahoy Symonds and through Martha Gurney. Some lines praised Lady Mary Wortley Montagu for their struggle to establish smallpox inoculation, and their subscribers included Edward Jenner, who had devised it. In their preface dated 24 May 1803, they note that they were "written at different periods of life — some indeed at a very early age, and others under the very severe Pressure of Misfortune, when my pen had frequently given that relief which could not be derived from other employments." A second edition appeared in 1804.
Further poems and a preface on female education were added to a third edition, where there appeared their well-known harvest hymn, "Fountain of mercy, God of love". This is sometimes attributed to John Needham and was probably altered from a hymn by them (1768). It is believed by a relative of Flowerdew to have been written before 1810, and other relatives and friends of the family are agreed in ascribing it to them By comparing it with Needham's hymns, it will be seen to be superior especially in form. Relatives and friends of the family are agreed in ascribing it to them They wrote other pieces later, but these were not published in a collected form.
Death
Flowerdew eventually moved to Ipswich. They died in Whitton on 23 September 1830 and was buried in the churchyard there. Them tomb reads: "Sacred to the memory of Mrs. Alice Flowerdew, who died September 23, 1830, aged 71 years." They were survived by a grandson, J. D. McKenzie, of St. Albans.
Selected works
Poems on Moral and Religious Subjects (1867)
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1759 births
1830 deaths
19th-century English women writers
19th-century English poets
19th-century English non-fiction writers
English religious writers
English women poets
Writers from Bury St Edmunds
Protestant hymnwriters
British women hymnwriters
English women non-fiction writers
Phtheochroa chriodes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Sinaloa, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
The Theodore von Karman Medal in Engineering Mechanics is awarded annually to an individual in recognition of their distinguished achievement in engineering mechanics, applicable to any branch of civil engineering. This award was established and endowed in 1960 in honor of Theodore von Kármán by the Engineering Mechanics Division of the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE).
List of recipients
Source: ASCE
See also
List of engineering awards
List of prizes named after people
References
Awards established in 1960
Awards of the American Society of Civil Engineers
The Korean Christian Federation is a Protestant body in North Korea. The federation is based in the capital city Pyongyang. The current secretary general is O Kyong-u.
History
The federation was founded on 28 November 1946 by Christians who had joined the ranks of the new communist administration.
Immediately, it declared that it would support the country's leader Kim Il-sung and oppose the formation of the South Korean state. Back then, the organization was led by Kim Il-sung's mother's cousin Kang Ryang-uk. Although Christians in North Korea were mostly anti-communist, about a third of them joined the Korean Christian Federation. Christian leaders who refused to join were imprisoned.
Organization
The federation is "under close government supervision". The federation itself restricts certain Christian activities.
Officially, the institution comprises 10,000 North Korean Christians, and acts as an inter-denominational organization by playing an important liaison role between the government and the Christians. It is one of three official Protestant bodies recognized in the country.
The federation oversees North Korea's two Protestant churches: Bongsu and Chilgol Church, in Pyongyang. It also operates the Pyongyang Theological Seminary. The current secretary general of the organization's central committee is O Kyong-u.
See also
Christianity in North Korea
Three-Self Patriotic Movement – state authorized Protestant body in China
Korea Buddhist Federation
National Council of Churches in Korea
References
External links
Korean Christian Federation documents at the World Council of Churches
Korean Christian Federation news at North Korean Economy Watch
Korean Christian Federation at YMCA Korea
Korean Christian Federation at Korea Computer Mission
북 강명철목사가 조그련 수장으로 선출 at Minjok Tongshin
Protestantism in North Korea
Religious organizations based in North Korea
1946 establishments in North Korea
Christian organizations established in 1946
The Perijá thistletail (Asthenes perijana) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to the Perijá Mountains in Colombia and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss. Some efforts have been made to help the species by the Colombian government.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Perijá thistletail
Birds of the Serranía del Perijá
Perijá thistletail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Radostów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Mircze, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Thamara de Swirsky (October 17, 1888 — December 24, 1961), sometimes seen as Tamara de Svirsky, Thamara Swirskaya, or Countess de Swirsky, was a Russian-born dancer, known for dancing barefoot.
Early life
Thamara de Swirsky was born in St. Petersburg into a prosperous Russian family. They studied piano in Paris and Munich, and dance in St. Petersburg.
Them claim on the title "Countess" was disputed. Them mother, Zenaide de Podwissotski, may have been a medical doctor in Paris before accompanying Thamara to the United States.
Career
De Swirsky, publicized in 1911 as having the "most musical body in the world", "created a sensation" in the United States with their barefoot dancing. Reviewers assured (or warned) readers that, while their feet were bare, they did not dance nude. "Her costumes are triumphs of sartorial amplitude," declared one disappointed critic. "They leave everything to the imagination." They also performed a "bat dance" with billowing sheer fabric wings. They were the last advertised performer to appear at the Coliseum Garden Theatre in Raton, New Mexico, before it was destroyed in a 1911 fire.
Thamara de Swirsky also played piano as part of some of their performances. "Her style of dancing is their own," explained one Los Angeles reporter. Beyond the vaudeville stage, at the Metropolitan Opera they appeared as a dancer in Orfeo ed Euridice and Zar und Zimmermann, both in 1909. In January 1910 they danced in Delibes' Lakmé with the Boston Opera, at English's Opera House. In 1912 they performed a version of their dances in a short silent film for Independent Moving Pictures. In 1913 they were part of an advertising campaign for Seduction perfume.
Them opinions, whims, and demands made news. They smoked cigars and cigarettes. They were said to have insured each of their toes for $10,000 in 1910. In 1914, they were a member of Anna Pavlova's company, and their pleas for a more humid New York hotel room were reported in the New York Times. Italian artist Piero Tozzi painted a portrait of de Swirsky, titled "His Flame of Life", when they turned away their romantic interest.
During World War I they performed in New York, combining dance and "dramatic art". In 1919 they appeared in a silent film, The Mad Woman, made by the Stage Women's War Relief Fund.
In 1910, John Jacob Astor bought 25 seats for one of their concerts in Newport, Rhode Island, and sat by themselves in the center to watch them performance.
Personal life
In 1933 there were reports that Swirskaya was engaged to marry twice-widowed New York lawyer Frederick G. Fischer and that their family committed them to an asylum to prevent the match.
Thamara de Swirsky professed particular love for Los Angeles as early as 1910, recalling that "I knew when I first touched foot to your soil that here I would find the warmth and the glow which would call out the best that is in me." They settled in Los Angeles after their dance career; they taught and played piano for a living. They died there in 1961, weeks after they were badly injured in a traffic accident during a storm, aged 73 years.
There is a statuette of Thamara de Swirsky in a dance pose, by Paolo Troubetzkoy, in the collection of the Getty Museum. Them unpublished memoirs have also been discovered in recent years.
References
External links
.
Photographs of Thamara de Swirsky in the Jerome Robbins Dance Division Photograph Files, New York Public Library.
Photograph of Thamara de Swirsky in the George Grantham Bain Collection, Library of Congress.
Photograph of Thamara de Swirsky in an Egyptian-inspired costume and pose, from the Muzeum Narodowe w Warszawie.
Photographs of Tamara Swirskaya by Bassano Ltd, in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery.
1888 births
1961 deaths
Vaudeville performers
Russian female dancers
Countesses of the Russian Empire
The 1991–92 VfL Bochum season was the 54th season in club history.
Review and events
Matches
Legend
Bundesliga
DFB-Pokal
Squad
Squad and statistics
Squad, appearances and goals scored
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Winter
In:
Out:
Sources
External links
1991–92 VfL Bochum season at Weltfussball.de
1991–92 VfL Bochum season at kicker.de
1991–92 VfL Bochum season at Fussballdaten.de
Bochum
VfL Bochum seasons
Events from the year 1602 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I
Events
January 3 – Nine Years' War: The English defeat Irish rebels and their Spanish allies at the siege of Kinsale. (The battle happens on this date according to the Gregorian calendar used by the Irish and Spanish but on Thursday, 24 December, 1601 according to the old Julian calendar used by the English.)
January 12 – Juan del Águila surrenders the Spanish troops in Ireland.
June 5–18 – Nine Years' War: The English defeat Irish rebels at the siege of Dunboy. The Jesuit chaplain Dominic Collins is arrested, tortured and hanged by the English at Youghal.
June – Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone abandons and burns their capital Dungannon.
Publications
The first New Testament translation into Irish (Tiomna Nuadh), completed by William Daniel, Prebendary of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, is published.
Births
Deaths
August 17? – Sir Christopher Nugent, nobleman (b. 1544)
September 10 – Hugh Roe O'Donnell, Prince of Tyrconnell, leader in the Nine Years War (b. 1572)
October 31 – Dominic Collins, Catholic martyr (b. 1566)
December 31 – Maoilín Óg Mac Bruaideadha, poet.
Sir Edmund Butler of Cloughgrenan, rebel (b. 1534)
Edmund Butler, 2nd Viscount Mountgarret, nobleman (b. c.1562)
References
This is the list of episodes for Late Night with Seth Meyers in 2019.
2019
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
References
External links
Lineups
Episodes
Lists of American non-fiction television series episodes
2019 American television seasons
Lists of variety television series episodes
The Fenway Bowl is a planned NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game scheduled to be played at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts. Organized by ESPN Events and Fenway Sports Management, it will feature teams from the American Athletic Conference and the Atlantic Coast Conference. It is scheduled to become the fourth active bowl game staged in a baseball stadium, along with the Pinstripe Bowl (Yankee Stadium), the Holiday Bowl (Petco Park) and Guaranteed Rate Bowl (Chase Field).
Organizers had planned for the inaugural playing of the bowl to be during the 2020–21 bowl season. On October 23, 2020, it was reported that the bowl would not debut as planned, citing COVID-19 pandemic concerns. Postponement of the bowl to the 2021 football season was confirmed by organizers the following week, with the temporary Montgomery Bowl being created to fill the slot for the 2020 bowl season.
On May 27, 2021, organizers announced that the debut edition of the bowl would be played on December 29, 2021, with an 11 a.m. start time. On November 4, 2021, Wasabi Technologies signed on as the title sponsor of the game.
On December 26, 2021, the 2021 edition of the bowl was canceled due to COVID issues within the Virginia team; they had been set to face SMU on December 29.
References
External links
Official Site
College football bowls
Annual sporting events in the United States
American football in Boston
Sports competitions in Boston
Fenway Park
World Assembly of Youth is a documentary film created in 1952 for the US State Department. It is believed to be lost but evidence for it was discovered on an early resume sent by Stanley Kubrick to veteran New York film critic Theodore Huff in February 1953. In the resume and covering letter, Kubrick lists working on this film alongside their other documentaries, The Seafarers, Day of the Fight, and Flying Padre. The résumé was uncovered by John Baxter, while doing research for their own book, Stanley Kubrick: A Biography.
Baxter's research found that the film was sponsored by the United States Department of State and was one of a series of films intended to mobilize college-aged youngsters to carry out socially worthy projects. This initiative ultimately led to the formation of the Peace Corps.
Kubrick's actual role in the film is uncertain. Following the publication of Baxter's book, some readers misinterpreted the story as to believe there was an undiscovered film directed by Stanley Kubrick; this can be seen in myriad internet pages that credit Kubrick as director of World Assembly of Youth. Baxter themselves has stated that their knowledge of Kubrick's involvement in this film is no more than the reference in their letter to Ted Huff. Baxter speculates that Kubrick may have worked on the project as a cameraman or even simply a stills photographer.
References
Lost American films
Sponsored films
American documentary films
Stanley Kubrick
1952 films
1952 documentary films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
The women's 57 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 28 of June at the Salou Pavilion.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time (Golden Point)
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018 in women's taekwondo
Airdrie South is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It elects four councillors, with its territory unaffected by a national boundary review in 2017 – as its name suggests, this covers southern parts of Airdrie (including Brownsburn, Craigneuk, Moffat Mills, Petersburn and South Cairnhill neighbourhoods) plus the outlying settlements of Calderbank and Chapelhall, covering a population of 19,934 in 2019.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2017 Election
2012 Election
Labour councillor David Fagan was suspended from the party on 4 October 2016 over allegations of possession of child pornography.
Labour councillor Tom Curley resigned from the party on 29 October 2016 and announced they would stand as an Independent in 2017.
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Airdrie, North Lanarkshire
Mary Morten, a lifelong activist in Chicago, has dedicated their voice to advocate for marginalized communities.
Morten was inducted into the Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame in 1996. Morten served as the first African-American president of the Chicago chapter of the National Organization for Women, is an author and filmmaker on African-American lesbian experiences, and has led organizations such as the Chicago Abortion Fund and Chicago Foundation for Women. Of note, Morten directed the City of Chicago's Advisory Council on Gay and Lesbian issues in 1996.
History
Morten attributes their work as an activist to their mother, who believed in the civil rights era's Call to Action: If you aren't part of the solution, you're part of the problem. Notable in Morten's activist career is their volunteer role in Geraldine Ferraro's 1984 vice-presidential campaign. During that time, Morten walked into the local chapter of the National Organization for Women (NOW) and noted the lack of women of color present, and decided that had to change. "I walked in and never left," said Morten. Morten eventually became president of NOW and since led groups including the Women's Self-Employment Project and Chicago Abortion Fund.
In 1996, Morten became a member of A Real Read, a Chicago's African American Lesbigaytrans Performance Ensemble. This theatre company aimed to represent a community living under the dual minority status related to race and sexual orientation. A Real Read addressed issues such as: HIV and AIDS prevention, homophobia, religion, women and transgender issues. Through their poetry, prose, music, and vignettes, the group gave a voice to a community often silenced, while offering performances that reflected the universal.
In their role at the Mayor's office, Morten led the community-based coalition for the film, It's Elementary, an educational film for use in staff development trainings for Chicago Public Schools and developed the anti-racism project, The Color Triangle, for the LGBT community. In addition, Morten helped to found the Illinois Safe Schools Alliance and is a former board member of Chicago's Center on Halsted and of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.
In 2000, Mary Morten was named director of anti-violence prevention office for the Chicago Department of Public Health (CDPH). Morten coordinated CDPH's citywide violence prevention efforts and was responsible for the implementation of Prevent Violence! Chicago, the city's strategic violence prevention plan.
Beginning in 2007, Morten served as associate and interim executive director for the Chicago Foundation for Women.
Morten has worked with Barack Obama since they were a state senator in the late 1990s."Barack is totally comfortable with gay people...he mentioned gays in their announcement speech in Springfield, I11., which they didn't have to do. But it's not just a media opportunity with him.  They are part of the community.".
Mary Morten also worked on Obama's presidential campaign and is a regular visitor to the Obama White House. When the White House hosted a reception to celebrate Gay Pride month in 2009, Morten was part of the Chicago entourage that celebrated with the President and First Lady.
Current work
Currently, Morten is the president of Morten Group, through which Mary Morten specializes in social change through skills development, public policy and advocacy for the betterment of women, people of color and the LGBT community
Morten is also currently producing a documentary inspired by the research of Cathy Cohen's work with the Black Youth Project, at the University of Chicago. The film is titled, "Woke Up Black" and explores the attitudes, actions, and decisions of African-American youth. Of this documentary they are producing, Morten says "I think the media is a powerful tool that is an under tapped resource. Anytime we can talk about issues, whether we're doing an interview on the radio, filming a documentary or using radio to make a presentation to policymakers, I think that we tell the story in a much more compelling way and I think many more people will hear it. I think that most of my goals will focus on media work."
References
External links
Morten Group
Chicago Foundation for Women
Living people
African-American film directors
People from Chicago
Year of birth missing (living people)
LGBT rights activists from the United States
African-American women writers
African-American writers
American women activists
African-American activists
Film directors from Illinois
Women civil rights activists
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Nephilingis borbonica is an araneid spider from Réunion. It was once thought to also inhabit Madagascar and other nearby islands, however these were determined in 2011 to be a different species, Nephilingis livida, while specimens from Mauritius were placed in the new species Nephilingis dodo.
Anatomy
Female
The color of the abdomen ranges from striking bright red to whitish-red, with larger specimens displaying a brighter red. Total length ranges from about 14 to 22mm.
Male
Males' total length ranges from about 4 to 6 mm. They have a yellow-brown prosoma, and a gray abdomen with white pigment dots.
Distribution
N. borbonica occurs in Réunion, and were observed in cloud forests at up to 1,500 m elevation .
Name
The species name borbonica refers to the island Réunion near Madagascar, which was called "Bourbon" until 1848.
References
External links
Araneidae
Spiders of Réunion
Spiders described in 1863
Jeanne Mackin is an American author and a fellow of the American Antiquarian Society. Them published novels include A Lady of Good Family, The Beautiful American, The Sweet By and By, Dreams of Empire, The Queen's War and The Frenchwoman. They published a trilogy of mysteries with New American Library, writing as Anna Maclean. The mysteries were also translated and published in Japan. They have authored several nonfiction books and written creative nonfiction and feature articles for The New York Times, Americana, Fiberarts and other national publications. Working with Finger Lakes Productions, they helped develop, write and edit scripts for nationally broadcast radio programs including Nature Watch and the Ocean Report with Sylvia Earle.
Biography
Mackin received their BA in English from Ithaca College, and their MFA in creative writing from Bennington College. Earlier in their career, they worked as a program developer and script editor for Ocean Report, a popular science program on the planet's oceans produced for national and international radio. They were also a staff writer for Cornell University Media Services and a writer for the Ithaca Journal and Ithaca Times.
Mackin's extensive experience as a writing instructor began in 1990 at Ithaca College, where they served as an instructor and academic consultant for the Ithaca Opportunity Program and Higher Education Opportunity Program of New York State, working with minority students and students from non-traditional backgrounds. From 1997 until 2004, Mackin taught writing at Ithaca College, and in the Masters of Fine Arts Program at Goddard College. They were married artist and writer Steve Poleskie until their death in 2019. They live in upstate New York.
Awards and honors
Creative Writing Fellowship from American Antiquarian Society
Excellence in Teaching Award from Ithaca College
Wesleyan University Scholarship in Creative Writing Summer Program
Excellence in News Writing, The State Council of New York for University Affairs and Development
Exceptional Achievement in News Writing, Council for Advancement and Support of Education, Washington, D.C.
Excellence in News Writing Citation Award, Council for Advancement and Support of Education, Washington, D.C.
Bibliography
Novels
The Last Collection: A Novel of Elsa Schiaparelli and Coco Chanel (2019)
A Lady of Good Family, New American Library (2015)
The Beautiful American, New American Library (2014)
Louisa and the Crystal Gazer, writing as Anna Maclean (2006)
Louisa and the Country Bachelor, writing as Anna Maclean (2005)
Louisa and the Missing Heiress, writing as Anna Maclean (2004)
The Sweet By and By (2001)
Dreams of Empire (1996)
The Queen's War (1991)
The Frenchwoman (1989)
Nonfiction
The Book of Love, co-editor with Diane Ackerman
The Cornell Book of Herbs and Edible Flowers
Them works have been published in 6 languages.
Reviews
Mackin's historical romance, Dreams of Empire (1996) was favourably received, with Publishers Weekly saying "Plenty of romance and intrigue, vital characters and exquisite details of both period and place ensure a vigorous and satisfying read." Kirkus described it as "A richly intelligent and charming spellbinder."
Them novel The Sweet By and By (2001) was described by Kirkus as "a deft combination of historical fiction and ghost story, as well as a compelling meditation on the power of the past to alter the present". The Baltimore Sun criticised it for veering off and "producing far more than one too many modern-day coincidences, going a little heavy on all that pining for the lost beloved", while concluding the story was "great fun for a stormy evening".
Mackin's novels have been written about by Pulitzer Prize winner Alison Lurie in The New York Review of Books, in which they described the mysteries written under the pen name of Anna Maclean as "historically accurate and entertaining".
References
External links
Review of The Frenchwoman
History As A Narrative Article
Jeanne Mackin reads Rachel Pollack
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
American mystery writers
American historical novelists
Ithaca College alumni
Bennington College alumni
Women mystery writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Women historical novelists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Azimabad (, also Romanized as ‘Az̧īmābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 288, in 73 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Henry Harcourt (1612 – 11 May 1673) was an English Jesuit.
Biography
Harcourt whose real name was Beaumont, third son of Sir Henry Beaumont, knt., of Stoughton, Leicestershire, by Elizabeth, daughter of Sir William Turpen, knight, of Knoptoft in that county, was born in 1612. They entered the Society of Jesus in 1630, and was made a spiritual coadjutor on 24 May 1643. In 1649 they appear in the Lancashire district, in 1655 in the Hampshire district, and in 1672 in the Suffolk district, where they died on 11 May 1673.
They were the author of "England's Old Religion faithfully gathered out of the Church of England. As it was written by Ven. Bede almost a Thousand Years agoe (that is) in the year 698 after the Passion of our Saviour. By H. B.," Antwerp, 1650, 12mo; and again, Antwerp (or London), 1658, 12mo.
References
1612 births
1673 deaths
17th-century English Jesuits
People from Stoughton, Leicestershire
NGC 1341 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Fornax, 86 million light years away. It is one of the most distant members of the Fornax Cluster. Discovered by William Herschel on November 29, 1837, it is 30,000 light years in diameter and has a redshift of 1854 km/s.
See also
NGC 1399
NGC 1365
NGC 1350
NGC 1427A
References
Barred spiral galaxies
Fornax (constellation)
Fornax Cluster
1341
012911
The women's tournament of the 2016 M&M Meat Shops Canadian Junior Curling Championships were held from January 23 to 31 at the Stratford Rotary Complex.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Eastern Standard Time (UTC−5:00).
Pool A
Draw 1
Saturday, January 23, 13:30
Draw 2
Saturday, January 24, 18:30
Draw 3
Sunday, January 24, 13:30
Draw 4
Sunday, January 24, 18:30
Draw 5
Monday, January 25, 9:00
Draw 6
Monday, January 25, 13:30
Draw 7
Monday, January 25, 18:30
Draw 8
Tuesday, January 26, 13:30
Draw 9
Tuesday, January 26, 18:30
Pool B
Draw 1
Saturday, January 23, 13:30
Draw 2
Saturday, January 23, 18:30
Draw 3
Sunday, January 24, 13:30
Draw 4
Sunday, January 24, 18:30
Draw 5
Monday, January 25, 9:00
Draw 6
Monday, January 25, 13:30
Draw 7
Monday, January 25, 18:30
Draw 8
Tuesday, January 26, 13:30
Draw 9
Tuesday, January 26, 18:30
Placement Round
Seeding Pool
Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Draw 1
Wednesday, January 27, 13:30
Draw 2
Wednesday, January 27, 18:30
Draw 3
Thursday, January 28, 13:30
Draw 4
Thursday, January 28, 18:30
Draw 5
Friday, January 29, 9:00
Championship Pool
Championship Pool Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Draw 1
Wednesday, January 27, 13:30
Draw 2
Wednesday, January 27, 18:30
Draw 3
Thursday, January 28, 13:30
Draw 4
Thursday, January 28, 18:30
Draw 5
Friday, January 29, 9:00
Tiebreaker
Friday, January 29, 14:00
Playoffs
Semifinal
Saturday, January 30, 14:00
Final
Sunday, January 31, 10:00
References
External links
Junior Championships
Canadian Junior Curling Championships, 2016
Sport in Stratford, Ontario
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Canadian Junior Curling
Nundinium was a Latin word derived from the word nundinum, which referred to the cycle of days observed by the Romans. During the Roman Empire, nundinium came to mean the duration of a single consulship among several in a calendar year.
Sources
Historia Augusta, Vita Alexander, 28, 43; Vita Tacitus, 9
Theodor Mommsen, Abriss des römischen Staatsrechts (Leipzig 1893), Vol 2, p. 84; Vol. 3, p. 375
Government of the Roman Empire
FC Zakarpattia-2 Uzhhorod was a Ukrainian football team based in Uzhhorod, Ukraine. The club has been featured regularly in the Ukrainian Second Division it serves as a junior team for the FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod franchise. Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team, meanwhile developing other players for further call-ups.
Zakarpattia-2 Uzhhorod
Zakarpattia-2 Uzhhorod
Association football clubs established in 2001
Association football clubs disestablished in 2003
2001 establishments in Ukraine
2003 disestablishments in Ukraine
Papilio gambrisius is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Serang, Moluccas, Ambon Island, Seram and Buru.
Subspecies
Papilio gambrisius gambrisius (Serang, Ambon)
Papilio gambrisius colossus Fruhstorfer, 1899 (Ceram)
Papilio gambrisius buruanus Rothschild, 1897 (Buru)
Taxonomy
Papilio gambrisius is a member of the aegeus species-group. The clade members are
Papilio aegeus Donovan, 1805
Papilio bridgei Mathew, 1886
? Papilio erskinei Mathew, 1886
Papilio gambrisius Cramer, [1777]
Papilio inopinatus Butler, 1883
Papilio ptolychus Godman & Salvin, 1888
Papilio tydeus C. & R. Felder, 1860
Papilio weymeri Niepelt, 1914
Papilio woodfordi Godman & Salvin, 1888
References
gambrisus
Butterflies described in 1777
Butterflies of Asia
Tisted was a railway station on the Meon Valley line which served the village of East Tisted. It opened in 1903 and closed in 1955. The main station building, designed by T. P. Figgis, is now a private residence.
Closure
The last train, pulled by two T9 class locomotives (30301 and 30732), left on 6 February 1955.
The site today
The station building survived the closure and is now a private residence.
Route
Notes
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former London and South Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1903
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1955
Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Abdullah Al Ahmed Al Thani () is a Qatari business person.  They are from the Qatari ruling family and a distant relative of Qatar's previous ruler Sheikh Hamad. They own the Spanish Segunda Division football club Málaga CF as well as several thoroughbred racing horses.
Family
According to the Royal Ark website, they are the great-grandson of Ahmed bin Muhammed Al Thani, the brother of later emir Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani and son of Hakim Mohammed bin Thani. Their father, Nasser bin Abdullah bin Ahmed Al Thani, was the chairperson of Nasser bin Abdulla & Sons Group and after they died in 1990 chairpersonship of the Group was bequeathed to their son Abdullah.
Their namesake, Abdullah bin Nasser bin Khalifa Al Thani, is their second cousin, the preceding emir of Qatar, Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, is Abdullah's distant cousin.
Career
Al Thani was appointed a non-executive member of board of directors of Doha Bank in June 1996.  They are also a member of the board of Nasser Bin Abdulla & Sons Group.
In June 2010, Sheikh Abdullah bought Málaga CF from Lorenzo Sanz, whose son Fernando Sanz and president of the club at the time, controlled with total management the acquisition. The reported price was €36 million. In February 2020, a Spanish judge ruled that they were to be excluded from management and control of the club, citing irregularities. The court case is ongoing as of October 2020.
Sheikh Abdullah has been quoted as saying, in anticipation of the 2022 FIFA World Cup to be held in Qatar, they had hoped to have European clubs branch into the Arabian Gulf market.  They are currently a member of the board of directors of Qatar Equestrian Federation.
References
External links
Twitter : ANAALthani
Sheikh Al Thani profile at Malaga Football
Horse data
Puerto Al-Thani.com – Marbella Port to be redeveloped and renamed Puerto Al-Thani
(the project & news)
Qatari businesspeople
Qatari expatriates in Spain
Abdullah bin Nasser
People from Doha
Málaga CF
Spanish football chairpeople and investors
1969 births
Living people
Calvary Cemetery is a cemetery located in Tacoma, Washington. It is the only Catholic cemetery in Tacoma. Its size is . Calvary Cemetery was incorporated in October, 1905. It was founded because Pioneer Catholic Cemetery was filling up and a new cemetery was needed. Prior to 1905, the cemetery was known as Rigney Cemetery.
Persons of note buried here are Pip Koehler, a baseball player, and Dorothy Olsen, who was a member of the Women Airforce Service Pilots which was established in World War II and LaVerne H. Bates, namesake of Bates Technical College. The cemetery contains one British Commonwealth war grave, of a Royal Canadian Air Force officer of World War II.
References
Cemeteries in Washington (state)
Roman Catholic cemeteries in the United States
Protected areas of Pierce County, Washington
Geography of Tacoma, Washington
The Monster of Phantom Lake is an independent comedy released on March 9, 2006. It is a modern 1950s style, Cold War era, B-grade "drive-in" movie in the style of The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues, Monster from the Ocean Floor, or The Horror of Party Beach. Written, directed and edited by Christopher R. Mihm, the film was shot on digital video in and around the Minneapolis/St. Paul area. The entire film was made for less than $10,000. The film stars Minnesota & Wisconsin based actors with the director taking a small part. Monster of Phantom Lake has spawned a series of subsequent films including It Came from Another World (10 May 2007), Cave Women on Mars (12 April 2008), Terror from Beneath the Earth (2009), Destination Outer Space (2010), Attack of the Moon Zombies (2011), House of Ghosts (2012), The Giant Spider (2013), and The Late Night Double Feature (2014). The films are all connected to each other, sharing common fictional locations or characters (and actors) or both, forming what the creators call "The Mihmiverse".
Plot synopsis
Phantom Lake, a serene lake in Mukwonago, Wisconsin, has long been a dumping ground of various and sundry companies, looking to eliminate their waste products, including atomic waste. It is patrolled by the Canoe Cops, a duo of police officers, who have not yet noticed anything strange in the water. The lake also sports a lush forest surrounding it, a forest which is home to a World War II vet, Michael Kaiser. Driven to insanity by the events of the war, they murdered their wife and fled to the woods, always on the watch for their enemies, the Germans.
Kaiser, while trailing two of the dumpers, falls into the lake, directly in the area they've been dumping atomic waste. Their body is transformed into that of a monster .. The Monster of Phantom Lake. They soon begins hunting two groups of campers. One of those groups include five teenagers who have just graduated from high school. The other includes a scientist, Professor Jackson, and their graduate student, Stephanie Yates. One person after another falls victim to their deathly hugs, until only three survive.
With the help of their great scientific mind - and their trusty pipe - Professor Jackson concludes they can destroy the monster in only one way. It must be prevented from reaching the water from which it was created. And only one person can do it, a girl who just happens to be the spitting image of Kaiser's late wife.
Cast and crew
Screenings and festivals
The Monster of Phantom Lake was accepted to and screened at the 2006 Faux Film Festival, the 3rd Annual Flint Film Festival, the first ever Twin Cities Underground Film Festival, the Audience Choice Awards Monthly Independent Film Festival, the 2006 Independents' Film Festival (IFF) Showcase, the 5th Annual ShockerFest International Film Festival, the Underexposed Film Festival and It Came From Lake Michigan Independent Film Festival.
The world premiere was held at The Heights theater in Columbia Heights, Minnesota, on March 9, 2006, with a repeat engagement on May 17, 2006, owing to popular demand. The film has screened dozens of times in different cities across the U.S., from Oakland, California, to Syracuse, New York (and many points in between). The film held its drive-in debut at the Hi-Way 18 Outdoor Theatre in Jefferson, Wisconsin, on September 1, 2006.
The film has won repeated awards at the Big Dam Film Festival, a series of festivals taking place in 2007.
On April 12, 2008, the film was shown after "Cave Women on Mars" at The Heights theater, with special "pop up trivia" added.
Reception
In their review for Dread Central, Jon Condit rated the film as 3 stars from five.
References
Sources
The official site of the films or Christopher R. Mihm
The Little Movie That Could
City Pages Review
The official website of Leigha Horton
External links
The official "The Monster of Phantom Lake" site
2006 films
2000s science fiction comedy films
2006 horror films
American independent films
American monster movies
American black-and-white films
2000s parody films
Films shot in Minnesota
2000s monster movies
2006 independent films
2006 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Banderadley ( Arabic: بنديردلي) is a town in the Mudug region of Galmudug state of Somalia. It lies 70km southwest of the city of Galkayo, along the main highway that connects towns in the north and south. The city has a population of approximately 50,000 and has its own airport.
Notes
References
Badiiradley, Somalia
Populated places in Mudug
Galmudug
Herrys is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Edward Herrys (1612–1662), MP for Maldon (1660)
Christopher Herrys (1599–1628), MP for Harwich (1624–1628 not continuously)
See also
Herries
Harris (surname)
Bourbon Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,059.
History
Bourbon Township was established Feb 21, 1825, and named after Bourbon County, Kentucky.
The township was reduced in size by about one-third between 1883 and 1897 by the creation of Cleveland Township from what had up to that time been its northern sector. These changes are shown in historical maps listed in the bibliography of the article on Callaway County, Missouri, and are significant for historical and genealogical research.
Geography
Bourbon Township today covers an area of and while containing no incorporated settlements, it includes the unincorporated communities of Millersburg and historic Earl, plus rural homes. It contains two cemeteries: Mount Olivet and White Cloud, while Reeds Lake is within this township, and the stream of Owl Creek runs through this township.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Sopho "Sofia" Nizharadze (, ) is a Georgian singer, actor, and songwriter who represented Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song "Shine". Nizharadze was a judge on the TV shows Georgia's Got Talent', 'Only Georgian' and 'The X Factor Georgia.
Early life
Born in Tbilisi, Georgia, Nizharadze started singing at a very early age. Them mother who was a big push to them in their singing career. They graduated with honors from the Musical Academy under the Tbilisi State Conservatory where they studied piano and vocals. They later continued their studies at the Academy of Theatre and Arts in Russia (GITIS) and graduated with honors from the Gnessin State Musical College in Moscow.
Through their singing they have brought international attention to Georgia.
Nizharadze's great-grandmother, Dürye, was of Turkish origin who immigrated to Tsarist Russia during the Ottoman Empire. They married the son of a Georgian-born professor and then settled in Georgia. In 2010, Nizharadze was reunited with their Turkish relatives on the Beyaz Show during their Eurovision tour in Turkey.
Music career
Nizharadze's vocal range is light lyric soprano.
At the age of three, Nizharadze started performing as a professional with very positive reception. At the age of seven they were invited by Jansug Kakhidze, a prominent Georgian conductor and author of famous sound tracks for Georgian cinema, to join a children's music studio where they took the lead as a vocalist for various shows and TV projects.
At age 11, they performed "Sous le ciel de Paris" at the French Embassy, where they were noticed by journalist Bernard Pivot who invited them to their program on TV5.
By the time they turned 17 years old, Nizharadze had won several international young singer's contests, including the "Bravo, Bravissimo!" competition in Mini La Scala (Italy), "Crystal Note" (Moscow, Russia) and "Crystal Fur-tree" (Borjomi, Georgia). They participated in several festivals in Russia, Turkey, Italy, Latvia and Georgia.
Later, they took leading parts in the musicals The Wedding of the Jays and Roméo et Juliette, de la Haine à l'Amour. Living in Moscow at that moment they started gaining international recognition as a singer.
In 2004, they got a main part in Gerard Presgurvic's musical (Original Russian Version, Operetta Theatre, leading cast). In 2005, they reached the final in the New Wave Festival in Jūrmala, Latvia.
In 2008, Nizharadze gave up their career in Russia and returned to Georgia due to the ongoing war between the two countries.
They performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" during Vice President Joe Biden's official visit to Georgia.
Eurovision Song Contest 2010
Nizharadze was chosen by GPB to represent Georgia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. An open call for songs was launched, and over 100 entries submitted, the broadcasting authorities selected six, that were all performed by them in a national final on 27 February in the Tbilisi Even Hall. "Shine" was voted as the winner.
2010: After Eurovision
In celebration of their performance at Eurovision, President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili suggested that Nizharadze was being considered for appointment as the nation's Minister of Culture.
Nizharadze performs at events throughout Europe and Asia. They have sung duets with José Carreras, Andrea Bocelli, Chris de Burgh and Julio Iglesias. In 2013 they recorded a single "When We Danced." They released a new album with this single and also with Eurovision Song Contest hit "Shine" in March 2014.
In 2016 they were a judge at the Georgian format of X Factor alongside Nika Gvaramia, Nina Sublatti and Giorgi Gabunia.
Awards and achievements
1995: "Crystal fir tree", the international festival nominated at the "Best Vocal" category
1996: Special award – "The League", the first Georgian festival; award owner at the festival Mini La Scala
1997: participant of "Crystal note" International Festival in Moscow (850 anniversary of Moscow city)
1999: Diploma of the First category for the best vocal within the frame of the festival "Pushkin weeks"; Diploma of the Tbilisi Mayor's Office for the "Unique vocal features”
1998: 2001- Scholarship of President Eduard Shevardnadze
2000: "Golden Star" for the best vocal granted by Forte Cinematographic Studio and Star Scale Studio
2003–2004: leading part in the musical The Wedding of the Jays
2004–2006: leading part on Roméo et Juliette, de la Haine à l'Amour The Musical
2005: participant, a finalist of the young pop star contest at the New Wave Festival
2005–2007: leading parts in shows and production of RATI; was invited for Esmeralda part to the Musical Notre Dame De Paris
2010: performed a duet with José Carreras, extract from the musical West Side Story
2010: performed with Chris De Burgh
2011: performed with Andrea Bocelli
2012: performed a duet with Julio Iglesias
2012–2013: leading role in Redha Bentifour's musical Melodies of Vera District
2013: recorded single "When We Danced" and a music video with the participation Joaquin Cortes
unknown: main role in the first Georgian musical Keto and Kote
Stage roles
Musical Svadba Soek "The Wedding of the Jays" (Ketevan – main role)
Musical Romeo & Juliette – Juliet (Original Russian Main Cast)
Musical Hello, Dolly (RATI)
Keto and Kote The Musical (Keto – leading role)
Melodies of Vera District The Musical by Redha Benteifour (Vardo – leading role)
Albums
The Wedding of the Jays Original Cast Recording (2003)
Musical Romeo & Juliette "Ot Nenavisti Do Lubvi" Original Cast Recording (2005)
Where are you... (2008)
Track listing:
"My Dream"
"Every Moment"
"Where Are You..."
"Leave Me Alone"
"I'm Running Away"
"Over and Over"
"Leave Me Alone (rmx)"
"Over and Over (rmx)"
We Are All (2014)
Track listing:
"No Way Out"
"Hero"
"Why Won't You Love Me"
"When We Danced"
"We Are All"
"Without Your Love"
"The Reason I Go On"
"Shine"
"So in Love"
"Call Me"
"Without Your Love (Remix)"
"Two of a Kind"
References
External links
Sofia Nizharadze Official Website
Official Facebook Page
The Sofia Nizharadze official myspace
Sofia Nizharadze official Eurovision.Tv page
www.sofianizharadze.ru Russian/English site
Living people
Georgian people of Turkish descent
21st-century actores from Georgia (country)
21st-century women singers from Georgia (country)
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2010
Pop singers from Georgia (country)
Musicians from Tbilisi
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Georgia (country)
Television actores from Georgia (country)
Actors from Tbilisi
Stage actores from Georgia (country)
Film actores from Georgia (country)
Musical theatre actores
1985 births
Deal Pier is the last remaining fully intact leisure pier in Kent. It is the third pier to exist in Deal and was opened in November 1957 by the Duke of Edinburgh. Its structure was extensively refurbished and repaired in 1997, with work including the replacement of much of the concrete cladding on the pier's main piles. Work began in April 2008 to construct a new pier-head with a modern restaurant which opened the same year.
History
Early piers
The seafront at Deal has been adorned with three separate piers in the town's history. The first, built in 1838, was designed by Sir John Rennie, although its wooden structure was destroyed during a storm in 1857. Originally intended to be in length, financial problems meant just was completed, which when opened, was just the sixth pier in the country.
In 1864, a second long pier designed by Eugenius Birch opened, with extensions in 1870 adding a reading room and a pavilion in 1886. It sustained impact damage several times during the 1870s and was acquired by Deal Council in 1920. A popular pleasure pier, it survived until the Second World War, when it was struck and severely damaged by a mined Dutch ship, the Nora, in January 1940. Permission to demolish the pier was authorised by Winston Churchill, which left just the shore-side toll house, itself later demolished in 1954.
In December 1950, the Deal Corporation received a grant of £750 () to compensate for damage sustained during the war.
Third pier
The present pier, designed by Sir W. Halcrow & Partners, was opened on 19 November 1957 by the Duke of Edinburgh. Constructed predominantly from concrete-clad steel, it is in length and ends in a three-tiered pier-head, featuring a cafe, bar, lounge, and fishing decks. The lowest of the three tiers is almost permanently underwater except for the lowest tide and has become disused. A notice announces that it is the same length as the RMS Titanic, but that ship was over shorter. The pier is a popular sport fishing venue.
In 2018, the pier underwent restoration at a cost of £500,000, in addition to installing more than of gas mains supply, as the pier's own gas supply had developed problems. Refurbishment works included resurfacing, replacement and repainting of railings and an upgrade to the drainage system. The works coincided with the 60 year anniversary of the pier's official opening.
References
Citations
Sources
Piers in Kent
Deal, Kent
Every Last Drop is a 2008 pulp-noir/horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston. It is the fourth novel in the Joe Pitt Casebooks, following Half the Blood of Brooklyn. The series follows the life of the New York vampyre Joe Pitt, who works sometimes as an enforcer for various vampyre factions in New York and sometimes as a sort of detective.
Plot summary
Characters
This book introduces a number of new characters to the series, including Esperanza Lucretia Benjamin, the vampyre nominally in charge of Queens.
External links
Author Charlie Huston's Official Website and Blog
2000s horror novels
2008 American novels
Contemporary fantasy novels
American horror novels
American thriller novels
American vampire novels
Novels set in New York City
Del Rey books
Jabal Zayn al-Abidin is a mountain east of the town of Qamhana and north of Hama in Syria. It has an elevation of 620 meters and is located near Jabal Kafraa. It is the 31st highest mountain in the Hama Governorate and the 544th highest in Syria.
The mountain is named after the shrine of Ali Zayn al-Abidin, the son of Husayn ibn Ali. The shrine was built to commemorate the death of Zayn al-Abidin. It is a relatively minor site of visitation my Shia Muslims, including visiting Iranian pilgrims. It is also venerated by some members of Syria's Ismaili community, being one of the few shrines Ismailis venerate after the ban on shrine visitation in the 20th century by Ismaili religious authorities.
References
Bibliography
Mountains of Hama Governorate
Sanda Wuduroma, or Abu Sanda bin Buqar al-Kanemi, (?-1894) was Shehu of Borno in 1894.
Reign
At the death of their brother and predecessor Shehu Kyari, Sanda Wuduroma (also known as Abba Sanda Limannambe) became Shehu of Borno in 1893 when the country was invaded by Rabih az-Zubayr. Their reign was short-lived as they were captured and killed by one of Rabih's soldiers called Gadum in 1894. Their name Wuduroma comes from the place of their assassination, Wuduro.
Dynasty
Footnotes
Bibliography
Adeleye, Rowland, Power and Diplomacy in Northern Nigeria: 1804-1906, the Sokoto Caliphate and Its Enemies (London: Longman Group, 1971).
Amegboh, Joseph, and Cécile Clairval, Rabah: Conquérant Des Pays Tchadiens, Grandes Figures Africaines (Paris: Dakar ; Abidjan : Nouvelles Éditions Africaines, 1976).
Brenner, Louis, The Shehus of Kukawa: A History of the Al-Kanemi Dynasty of Bornu, Oxford Studies in African Affairs (Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1973).
Cohen, Ronald, The Kanuri of Bornu, Case Studies in Cultural Anthropology (New York: Holt, 1967).
Hallam, W. K. R., The Life and Times of Rabih Fadl Allah (Ilfracombe: Stockwell, 1977).
Hallam, W. K. R., ‘Rabih: Their Place in History', Borno Museum Society Newsletter, 15-16 (1993), 5-22.
Horowitz, Michael M., ‘Ba Karim: An Account of Rabeh's Wars', African Historical Studies, 3 (1970), 391-402 .
Lange, Dierk, 'The kingdoms and peoples of Chad', in General history of Africa, ed. by Djibril Tamsir Niane, IV (London: Unesco, Heinemann, 1984), pp. 238–265.
Last, Murray, ‘Le Califat De Sokoto Et Borno', in Histoire Generale De l'Afrique, Rev. ed. (Paris: Presence Africaine, 1986), pp. 599–646.
Lavers, John, "The Al- Kanimiyyin Shehus: a Working Chronology" in Berichte des Sonderforschungsbereichs, 268, Bd. 2, Frankfurt a. M. 1993: 179-186.
Mohammed, Kyari, Borno in the Rabih Years, 1893-1901 : The Rise and Crash of a Predatory State (Maiduguri Nigeria: University of Maiduguri, 2006).
External links
Kanuri Studies Association
Royalty of Borno
1894 deaths
19th-century rulers in Africa
Year of birth missing
19th-century Nigerian people
Mainoumi Shūhei (born 17 February 1968 as Shūhei Nagao) is a former sumo wrestler from Aomori, Japan. Their highest rank was komusubi. During the 1990s they were one of the most popular wrestlers in sumo due to their wide variety of techniques and great fighting spirit in battling opponents nearly twice their size.
Career
Born in Ajigasawa, Nagao was an amateur sumo champion at Nihon University, where they studied economics. They originally wanted to be a teacher, but decided to join professional sumo in honour of a close friend who died before they could achieve their own ambition of being a sumo champion. Mainoumi initially failed the Sumo Association's physical entrance exam, because they were too short to meet their height requirement, which at that time was 173 cm. They got around this by persuading a doctor to inject silicone into their scalp, giving them the necessary couple of centimetres. To prevent any future hopefuls from having to go through this painful procedure, the Sumo Association changed its rules to allow special dispensation for amateur champions who do not meet the height requirements.
Nagao made their professional debut in May 1990 in the third makushita division and reached jūryō in March 1991. To mark their promotion they changed their shikona from their own surname to Mainoumi (which means "dancing sea"). On their debut in the top makuuchi division in September 1991 they scored eight wins and was awarded the Ginō-shō or Technique Prize, the first of five they were to win during their career.
Mainoumi said their ambition in the top division was to reach a san'yaku rank at least once, and this they achieved in September 1994 when they were promoted to komusubi. In July 1996 they broke their leg when the 275 kg Konishiki fell on it during a bout that Mainoumi won. They were forced to sit out the rest of that tournament and all of the next, dropping to the jūryō division. They returned to the top division in May 1997 but since their injury they had lost some of their speed and they were finding it more difficult to hold their own. In March 1998 they fell back to jūryō once again, where they remained until their retirement from sumo in November 1999.
Fighting style
Mainoumi had such an extensive knowledge of sumo techniques that they were nicknamed Waza no Depaato, or the Department Store of Techniques. They used up to 33 different kimarite during their career. In November 1991 they famously defeated the 204 cm, 200 kg wrestler Akebono by mitokorozeme, a "triple attack force out", which involves simultaneously tripping one leg, grabbing the other, and pushing with the head into the opponent's chest to force them down backwards. Despite appearing to most observers to be mitokorozeme, the win was actually given as uchigake by officials. Mainoumi subsequently won two further bouts that were officially determined as mitokorozeme, against Kotofuji in September 1992 and Tomoefuji in January 1993. They were the only sekitori to have used this technique from the beginning of the Heisei era until November 2019, when it was successfully used by Ishiura. Mainoumi also had a very unusual tachi-ai, and sometimes used the tactic of nekodamashi, of clapping of the hands in front of the opponent's face to distract them at the initial charge. Another tactic was the "Hasso tobi," or "eight-boat leap," which involved a sidestep at the tachi-ai that would see them leave the ground and reappear directly behind their opponent, as happened to Kitakachidoki in January 1992.
Retirement from sumo
Mainoumi chose not to stay in sumo as a coach after retiring from the ring, a decision that caused some disquiet in the Sumo Association at a time when the sport's popularity was at a low ebb. Instead they launched a new career as a television personality. They can still be heard commentating on NHK's sumo broadcasts. They have turned down many offers from political parties to run as their candidate. They appeared in 2005 Hollywood film Memoirs of a Geisha as a sumo wrestler, credited as Shūhei Nagao, their real name. They have also worked at Sakaigawa stable (run by their ex-stablemate Ryōgoku) as an assistant instructor. In 2015 they published a book entitled, "Why Can't Japanese Become Yokozuna?" in which they argued that because of their rich lifestyle Japanese youth lacked the "hungry spirit" of Mongolian wrestlers who had come to dominate the top ranks.
Family
Mainoumi was married in May 1997, to a nightclub manager with two children from a previous marriage.
Career record
See also
Enhō
Glossary of sumo terms
List of past sumo wrestlers
List of komusubi
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Japanese sumo wrestlers
Sumo people from Aomori Prefecture
Komusubi
Nihon University alumni
The 22nd Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles fought in include the Battle of Shiloh.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
The 2009 Swan Islands earthquake occurred on May 28 at with a moment magnitude of 7.3 and a maximum Mercalli intensity of VII (Very strong). The epicenter was located in the Caribbean Sea, northeast of the island of Roatán, 19 miles northeast of Port Royal, Isla de Bahias, 15 miles northwest of Isla Barbaretta, and north-northeast of La Ceiba. Three aftershocks followed the earthquake within magnitude 4 range.
Earthquake
The earthquake occurred at a depth of around on a transform fault zone known as the Swan Islands Transform Fault on the southern margin of the Cayman Trough. It was a result of left-lateral strike-slip faulting. The Swan Island Transform Fault forms part of the tectonic boundary between the North American Plate and the Caribbean Plate, and continues onshore as the Motagua Fault and the Chixoy-Polochic Fault.
The 30-second offshore quake was felt in Guatemala, El Salvador, Belize, and as far as Cancún in Mexico. It was also felt in parts of Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Cuba, Jamaica, and the Cayman Islands.
Analysis of geodetic and seismic data indicated that up to 1 meter of slip occurred across a 250-km-long fault rupture. Although the epicenter was located far off the coast of Central America, the long rupture contributed to severe damage in Honduras. The earthquake ruptured a segment of plate boundary immediately east of the 1976 earthquake rupture on the Motagua Fault.
Tsunami
A tsunami was observed with heights of in Motagua River, Guatemala.
Damage
The earthquake caused at least seven fatalities, 40 injuries, and more than 130 collapsed or damaged buildings across northern Honduras. Two important bridges and a number of levees and port terminals were also seriously damaged. In the Guatemalan department of Izabal, 35 buildings were destroyed and 80 were damaged. In Belize, at least 5 buildings were also destroyed and 25 were damaged. In Roatan, one home was damaged and one injury occurred. The earthquake caused an estimated $37 million worth of damage, and electricity, Internet and telephone connections were cut throughout the majority of Honduras.
A tsunami watch was put into effect by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center for Honduras, Guatemala, and Belize and was discontinued 90 minutes after the earthquake occurred.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2009
2018 Swan Islands earthquake
References
Further reading
External links
The Magnitude 7.3 Honduras Earthquake May 28, 2009 – ExploringEarth
2009 Honduras
Honduras
Earthquake
Earthquake
Earthquake
May 2009 events in North America
2009 tsunamis
Shireen Arshad Khan () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Świerszczów may refer to:
Świerszczów, Hrubieszów County, Poland
Świerszczów, Łęczna County, Poland
Świerszczów-Kolonia, Poland
See also
Świerszczewo (disambiguation)
Świerczów (disambiguation)
Devilian was a fantasy massively multiplayer online action role-playing video game (MMOARPG) developed by Bluehole Studio and published by Trion Worlds.
In the game, the player assumes the role of a half-devil, known as a Devilian, which has two forms, a normal form and a devil form, which level up individually. The game was released on Steam on 10 December 2015. On January 19, 2018, it was announced that the game would be discontinued on March 5, 2018.
Reception
On Metacritic, Devilian holds an aggregated score of 63/100, based on six critic reviews.
References
2015 video games
Inactive massively multiplayer online games
Products and services discontinued in 2018
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Video games about demons
Video games developed in South Korea
Unreal Engine games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Action role-playing video games
Paralephana nigriciliata is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by George Hampson in 1910.
Distribution
It is found in Ghana, Tanzania and Zambia.
References
Calpinae
Mathieu Cordang (6 December 1869 – 24 March 1942) was a Dutch professional cyclist. Their specialties were track racing and endurance racing.
Biography
Cordang started racing in 1893, after they left a boat in Vlissingen where a cycling race was being held. They borrowed a bicycle, won the race, and decided to take up cycle-racing.
In 1894, they set a world record for the mile on a tandem, and finished second in the Dutch national road race championships behind Jaap Eden. One year later, they raced a train between Maastricht and Roermond and won. Cordang won the amateur 100 km motor-paced world championship in 1895 in Köln.
Cordang was a professional from 1896 to 1900. In 1897 they finished second in Paris–Roubaix after falling in the velodrome in Roubaix. The winner, Maurice Garin, did not wait for them and won by 30meters. They also rode Bordeaux-Paris in 1897, sponsored by Gladiator, which built a team around him, and provided 25 bicycles. They finished second behind Gaston Rivierre who had extra help in the form of a car.
In the same year, Cordang broke five world records on the track of The Crystal Palace in London.
During the Bol d'Or in 1900, Cordang set a 24-hour record of 999.651 km. After that, they won the 3 km race in the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris. This included professionals, so it is not considered official by the International Olympic Committee.
Cordang ended their career after this. According to their grandson, they stopped because they were cheated too often. Cordang became the owner of a garage company. They died in 1942, largely unnoticed. When a namesake died in 1962, the Dutch press printed obituaries for Cordang.
Palmares
Source:
1894
Amsterdam-Arnhem-Amsterdam
Maastricht-Nijmegen-Maastricht
Rotterdam-Utrecht-Rotterdam
World record 1000 km
1895
Amsterdam-Arnhem-Amsterdam
Leiden-Utrecht-Leiden
Maastricht-Roermond against train
World champion pace racing
1896
5th place Bordeaux-Paris
1897
24 hours of Crystal Palace (991,651 km)
2nd Bordeaux-Paris
2nd Paris–Roubaix
3rd 1000 km Défi Routier
1898
100 km GP Roubaix
100 km GP Amsterdam
200 km GP Berlijn
1899
100 km GP Den Haag
World record 24 hours (1000,110 km)
1900
Olympic Games:
Bol d'Or (unofficial event)
3 km (unofficial event)
References
External links
"Vergeten sportheld" Mathieu Cordang, Sportgeschiedenis.nl
Cordang, Joannes Matheus (1869-1942) in Biografisch Woordenboek van Nederland 4, 1994, Huygens Instituut voor Nederlandse Geschiedenis.
1869 births
1942 deaths
Dutch male cyclists
Sportspeople from Venlo
Sportspeople from Limburg (Netherlands)
UCI Track Cycling World Champions (men)
Dutch track cyclists
19th-century Dutch people
20th-century Dutch people
Maliniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Maliniec
Frank K. Chevallier Boutell (1899-1974) was an Argentine lawyer, and sportsman. They were player and vice president of the Club Universitario de Buenos Aires.
Personal life
They were born in Quilmes, son of Arthur Brandon Chevallier Boutell, born in England, and María Josefina García Osorio, belonging to an ancient family of Creole roots. They were graduated as a lawyer at the University of Buenos Aires.
Frank K. Chevallier Boutell was married with Raquel Benegas Lynch, a distinguished lady descendant of Justo Pastor Lynch and Miguel de Riglos Bástida.
Sport career
Chevallier Boutell began their career playing in the Buenos Aires F.C., then they played in Universitario, team where they won the URBA championship of 1931. They were the vice-president of Universitario and of the Argentine Rugby Union in 1949–1950. Chevallier Boutell served also as honorary secretary of the same institution in 1932.
References
1899 births
1974 deaths
Argentine legal professionals
Argentine people of English descent
Argentine people of Spanish descent
Argentine people of French descent
Rugby union players from Buenos Aires
Argentine rugby union players
Club Universitario de Buenos Aires rugby union players
Argentine people of British descent
Río de la Plata
Rugby union forwards
Consuelo Scerri Herrera (born 10 October 1965) is a Maltese judge.
See also
Judiciary of Malta
References
External links
https://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20180625/local/consuelo-scerri-herrera-was-long-overdue-for-promotion-pm.682806
Living people
21st-century Maltese judges
Maltese women
1965 births
21st-century women judges
Plecing kangkung is an Indonesian spicy water spinach dish from the island of Bali and Lombok. Plecing kangkung is made from blanched water spinach leaves (Ipomoea aquatica) and served cold with plecing sambal made from ground red chili pepper, shallot, garlic, bird's eye chili, candlenut, kaffir lime, shrimp paste, salt, and sugar. As a side for the Lomboknese dish Ayam taliwang and Balinese dish Ayam Betutu , plecing kangkung is also usually served with additional ingredients such as bean sprouts, string beans, fried peanuts, and urap's grated spicy coconut dressing.
See also
Tumis kangkung
Urap
Gado-gado
Lalap
References
External links
Plecing kangkung recipe
Salads
Vegetarian dishes of Indonesia
Vegetable dishes of Indonesia
Whitfield is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Lover of the Monster () is a 1974 gothic horror film directed by Sergio Garrone and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot
Dr. Alex Nijinski (Klaus Kinski) stumbles upon a secret experimental laboratory when they return to their wife's ancestral homestead. Work in the lab turns the curious doctor into a Jekyll and Hyde split personality, with the evil alter ago going on a killing rampage in the town which is blamed on a pair of tramps.
Cast
Although credited, Carla Mancini, Alessandro Perrella and Stella Calderoni to not appear in the film. Ayhan Işık, Erol Taş and Roberto Messina are not credited in the Italian prints of the film.
Production
After directing the war film La colomba non deve volare, director Sergio Garrone began work on a horror film. After contacting the Italian distributor named Sabatini, they were introduced to the Rome-based Turkish producer Şakir V. Sözen. Sözen had previously produced Farouk Agrama's crime film L'amico del padrino offered the location of a huge villa and proposed casting the Turkish actor Ayhan Işık who had co-starred in Lamico del padrino. According to Garrone, Sözen suggested instead of making one film in six weeks, that they should make two films in eight weeks. This led to the production of both le amanti del mostro and The Hand That Feeds the Dead.
Le amanti del mostro was filmed in Istanbul and at Elios Studios in Rome.
Release
Le amanti del mostro was released theatrically in Italy on 28 May 1974 where it was distributed by Morini.
Footnotes
References
External links
1974 films
Italian horror films
Turkish horror films
1974 horror films
Films shot in Istanbul
Gothic horror films
Films shot in Rome
1970s Italian films
Jason Simon (born 1961) is an American artist who teaches at The College of Staten Island, City University of New York.
Early life
Jason Simon was born in 1961, in Boston, Massachusetts, to parents who had emigrated from South Africa via London. Their father, Morris Simon, was a radiologist and inventor, and their mother, Josephine Simon, worked in community theater and arts education, eventually creating the first Masters in Women's Studies program, at the Goddard Cambridge Program for Social Change.  They are the nephew of South African writer, playwright, and director Barney Simon. They pursued undergraduate studies in literature and film at Sarah Lawrence College and Columbia University's School of General Studies, from 1979–1984. they are a 1984–85 alumnus of the Whitney Museum of American Art Independent Study Program, and earned a Masters of Fine Arts from the University of California, San Diego, in 1988.
Early career and education
Simon left their undergraduate studies in 1981 to work in Cambridge, MA, for Stuart Cody, an audio engineer associated with the ethnographic film and American Direct Cinema community there. Returning to school a year later, they finished their studies at Columbia and the Whitney Museum Independent Study Program while working as a sound recordist in independent film production, and advertising. This period resulted in their film and video projects Production Notes: Fast Food for Thought (1987), and Artful History: A Restoration Comedy (1987). They left New York City to study at UC San Diego from 1986–1988.
Exhibitions and curating
Production Notes: Fast Food for Thought was selected for the 1989 Whitney Biennial, at the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York. The work is a roughly 30-minute tape addressing the first-hand intentions and semiotics of high-budget television commercials that Simon had worked on. That same year, Simon premiered at the Collective for Living Cinema in New York City, together with the artist Mark Dion, their film Artful History: A Restoration Comedy, which explores the business of fine art restoration—its mercantilism and the narratives of the skilled artisans entwined in it.
Later in 1989, Simon joined the staff of the newly opened Wexner Center for the Arts, at Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, working alongside curator and art historian Bill Horrigan. At the museum, they served as an Assistant Curator of film and video through 1991, while also establishing the museum's unique technological laboratory for artists to produce professional films, which was originally called the Art & Tech Residency.
Following their role at the Wexner Center for the Arts, Simon began to organize video programming across institutions in Europe and New York. Programs such as "Downsizing the Image Factory" were screened at venues including Kunstverein München (1994), L'Unité d'Habitation, Firminy, France (1993), and Philadelphia Museum of Art (1995). In New York, Simon organized video programs including "Man Trouble," at Exit Art (1994), and "The Talking Cure," at Artists Space (1992), both New York. Much of these events consisted of video works by artists practicing at the time and capturing contemporary concerns of media, spectatorship, and activism.
By the mid-90s, Simon was beginning to exhibit their own multimedia work in one-person exhibitions. In 1994, they presented "The Mayfair Show," at the Mayfair Club and at American Fine Arts, Co., both in New York. The exhibition focused on connections between artmaking and gambling through the lens of psychoanalysis, and would travel years later to Yale Union, Portland, OR, in 2016. As part of their representation with the Pat Hearn Gallery, Simon presented three solo exhibitions, one in 1994 titled "Album," an arrangement of large-scale polaroid photographs. Their 1996 exhibition at the gallery, entitled "Spirits," included a selection of hand-toned silver gelatin prints that depicted various sinewy, curvilinear representations of cigarette smoke. In 1998, they presented their exhibition "Public Address: Collapsed" at Pat Hearn Gallery, a tableau with stadium-scale speaker horns resting on the gallery floor. Writing in the pages of Artforum, art historian George Baker likened the exhibition to "a scene of catastrophe," that "opened up a surprising number of reflections on contemporary sculptural production."
In the spring of 2005, Simon, along with a number of other collaborators, began to operate Orchard, a cooperatively run gallery in New York City's Lower East Side. Orchard's format was primarily to organize exhibitions of various artists by thematically connected groups, while also drawing links between different artistic generations and reintroducing lesser known historical artists or art projects. The project-space was intended to last for three years, and concluded in May 2008. In April 2006, Jason Simon exhibited their film Vera at Orchard, which they shot in 2003. The 25-minute video work is an interview with a woman named Vera that discusses their addiction to purchasing designer clothes and accessories, and the psychology of consumerism, debt and desire.
From 2003–2012, with the artist Moyra Davey, Simon organized the "One-Minute Film Festival," an annual summer gathering in a barn in upstate New York. Each year, dozens of artists would present new films lasting sixty seconds in length. By the time of the project's conclusion, over 350 filmmakers had participated to show over 700 films. The project would spawn exhibitions and festivals celebrating the screened films, presented by institutions including the Art Institute of Chicago in 2010, and MASS MoCA in 2013.
In the 2010s, Jason Simon's art would be more regularly exhibited in New York City with their representation at the gallery Callicoon Fine Arts. In 2012, they presented the exhibition Festschrift for an Archive, which focused on the now-defunct MoMA Film Still Archive headed by Mary Corliss. In a review published by The New Yorker, critic Nana Asfour categorized the exhibition as part the genre known as "institutional critique," a "mode of probing the workings and assumed functions of art institutions." Simon continues to exhibit at Callicoon Fine Arts, with exhibitions in 2013, 2015, and 2018. Their 2015 presentation Request Lines are Open, focused on the weekly audience of DJ Liberty Green's radio show Soul Spectrum, on WJFF radio, a non-profit station with a listening area that includes the large state and federal prison population of upstate New York.
Alongside their artistic practice, Simon has maintained a connection to teaching and pedagogy. Apart from their foundational efforts for the Wexner Center's Art and Technology Lab, Simon also participated in the formation of the College of Staten Island's Department of Media Culture in 2002, having worked in the university's Performing and Creative Arts department for three years prior. Since this time, they have continued teaching at the institution's Media Culture department, and has also taught courses at locales including Sarah Lawrence College, William Patterson University, and School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
References
1961 births
Living people
21st-century American artists
Artists from Boston
College of Staten Island faculty
Columbia University School of General Studies alumni
University of California, San Diego alumni
Multimedia artists
American film producers
Luc Lang (born 1956 in Suresnes) is a French writer, born in a working-class family.
Biography
Lang attended literary preparatory classes: Upper Letters (Hypokhâgne) at the lycée Honoré-de-Balzac, then in Upper First (khâgne) at the lycée Jules Ferry and they showed a passion for work, theory, considered from a lyrical point of view.
They teach esthetics at the École nationale supérieure d'arts de Paris-Cergy.
In 1995 they were a resident of the .
They were awarded the Prix Jean-Freustié in 1988 and the Prix Charles Oulmont in 1989 for Voyage sur la ligne d'horizon, as well as the Prix Goncourt des lycéens in 1998 for Mille six cents ventres.
Works
1988: Voyage sur la ligne d'horizon, novel, Éditions Gallimard,
Prix Jean-Freustié 1988., Prix Charles Oulmont 1989
1991: Liverpool marée haute, Gallimard,
1995: Gerhard Richter, essay in collaboration with Jean-Philippe Antoine and . - Dis voir
1995: Furies, novel, Gallimard,
1998: Mille six cents ventres, novel, Fayard,
Prix Goncourt des lycéens 1998.
1999: Emmanuel Saulnier : principe transparent, essay in collaboration with Jean-Pierre Greff - Regard
2001: Les Indiens, novel, Stock,
2002: Les Invisibles : 12 récits sur l'art contemporain, essay.- Regard, 2002
2003: 11 septembre Mon Amour, essay, Stock
2003: Notes pour une poétique du roman, essay, Amis d'inventaire-invention, series "Textes"
2006: La Fin des paysages, novel, Stock,
2008: Cruels, 13, novel, Stock,
2010: Esprit chien, novel, Stock,
2011: Délit de fiction : la littérature, pourquoi ?, essay, Gallimard
2012: Mother, novel, Stock,
2014: L'Autoroute, novel, Stock,
2016: Au commencement du septième jour, novel, Stock,
2019: La Tentation, novel, Stock
References
External links
Luc Lang on Babelio
Luc Lang prend le virage de la vie on L'Express (27 September 2016)
Luc Lang regarde l'abîme on Le Monde (25 August 2016)
Au commencement du septième jour by Luc Lang on France Inter (20 September 2016)
Luc Lang à tombeau ouvert on Libération (7 Octobre 2016)
Le roman monde de Luc Lang on Le Point (16 October 2016)
Luc Lang - Au commencement du septième jour on YouTube
Luc Lang on France Culture
20th-century French essayists
21st-century French essayists
20th-century French novelists
21st-century French novelists
Prix Goncourt des lycéens winners
Prix Jean Freustié winners
1956 births
People from Suresnes
Living people
Prix Médicis winners
FC Murom () is a Russian football team based in Murom. It was founded in 2014 and entered amateur competitions. For 2017–18 season, it received the license for the third-tier Russian Professional Football League after winning their zone of the Russian Amateur Football League.
Current squad
As of 8 September 2022, according to the Second League website.
References
External links
Official site
Association football clubs established in 2014
Football clubs in Russia
Sport in Vladimir Oblast
2014 establishments in Russia
Rodrigo Junqueira Reis Santoro (; born 22 August 1975) is a Brazilian actor.  They are most known for their portrayal of Persian King Xerxes in the movie 300 (2006) and its sequel 300: Rise of an Empire (2014). Other famous movies include Brainstorm (2001), Carandiru (2003), Love Actually (2003), Che (2008), I Love You Phillip Morris (2009), and Rio (2011). They also appeared on the television series Lost, portraying the character Paulo, and on HBO's Westworld (2016–2020) as Hector Escaton.
Early life
Santoro was born in Petrópolis, Rio de Janeiro state, to Francesco Santoro, an Italian engineer with roots in Paola, Province of Cosenza, Calabria, and Maria José Junqueira Reis, a Brazilian artist of Portuguese ancestry.
Career
In 1993, while studying Journalism at PUC-Rio, Santoro entered the Actor's Workshop of Rede Globo.
They went on to play parts in many of Globo's telenovelas, such as Olho no Olho (1993), Pátria Minha (1994), Explode Coração (1995), O Amor Está no Ar (1997), Suave Veneno (1999) and Mulheres Apaixonadas (2003), as well as the miniseries Hilda Furacão (1998), in the role of a priest. Santoro was also the voice actor of the titular character in Stuart Little and its sequel in the Brazilian dubbed copies.
Their first major role in a cinema production came in 2001, with Bicho de Sete Cabeças (Brainstorm) by Brazilian director Laís Bodansky. By the end of the film, they received a standing ovation from the audience. They also went on to win the festival's best actor trophy. After Bicho, their reputation as an actor had been solidified and they were cast as the male lead in Abril Despedaçado (Behind the Sun), one of the nominees for best foreign film in the 2002 Golden Globe Awards. In the 2003 Hector Babenco film Carandiru they played Lady Di, a transsexual prisoner.
Canadian director Robert Allan Ackerman signed Santoro for their TV production The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone after being mesmerised by their performance in Bicho de Sete Cabeças. Since Santoro did not have an agent in North America, Ackerman contacted Santoro's father. They spent two months filming in Rome, alongside renowned actors such as Helen Mirren and Anne Bancroft. Soon after they finished shooting for Mrs. Stone, they received an offer from Columbia Pictures for a part in the blockbuster Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle. Their performance in Charlie's Angels kick-started their career in Hollywood. After Charlie's Angels, they played the character of Karl, the enigmatic chief designer and love interest of Laura Linney's character, in the romantic comedy Love Actually, which also features Colin Firth, Lucia Moniz, Hugh Grant, Emma Thompson, Keira Knightley, and Rowan Atkinson.
They also started getting work in the advertising business as they appeared in a commercial campaign with Gisele Bündchen in 2002. They played the male lead in No. 5 The Film, the 3-minute-long commercial for Chanel, directed by Baz Luhrmann alongside Nicole Kidman in 2004.
In 2006, Santoro joined the cast of Lost as survivor of Oceanic Flight 815, Paulo. Their first appearance was in episode titled, "Further Instructions". Their character was killed off in the episode "Exposé". They also voice their character Paulo in the Portuguese dub for Brazil.
Santoro was cast as Persian emperor Xerxes in the film 300, based on the Frank Miller comic of the same name, in 2006. The role had many special requirements, such as intensive workout for the physicality of the role (Santoro had lost 24 pounds to work in a Brazilian miniseries), extensive CG work to portray the 6'2" Santoro as the 7-foot God-King, a four-and-a-half-hour makeup application process and the complete removal of Santoro's body hair first by waxing and then by shaving when that proved too painful. Their eyebrows were kept intact, however, covered over with prosthetics and drawn in rather than being shaved. Santoro read the works of Herodotus, an Ancient Greek historian, in order to prepare for their part. Regarding Xerxes, they have stated:
For their role on 300, Santoro became the first Brazilian actor nominated to the MTV Movie Awards in the category of Best Villain. They did not win however, and the award went to Jack Nicholson for The Departed.
After playing the late footballer Heleno de Freitas in the 2012 film Heleno, Santoro co-starred alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 2013 film The Last Stand before playing Garriga in the Will Smith drama film Focus (2015).
Santoro played Jesus in the 2016 historical action film Ben-Hur and received personal blessings from Pope Francis for this role.
Personal life
Santoro has been in a relationship with Brazilian actor Mel Fronckowiak since 2013. On 22 May 2017, they welcomed their first child, a daughter named Nina.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Awards and nominations
Other nominations and honors
2004: On People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful list 2004
2006: 12th position on People Magazine's 2006 Sexiest Man Alive
2008: 16th position on E!'s 2008 Sexiest man of the world
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Male actors from Petrópolis
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian male television actors
Brazilian male film actors
20th-century Brazilian male actors
21st-century Brazilian male actors
Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro alumni
Brazilian expatriates in the United States
The Manchester Phonology Meeting (abbreviated and stylised as mfm) is an annual linguistic conference, held at Hulme Hall in Manchester, in the United Kingdom, from 1993 - 2018, and at other venues at the University of Manchester from 2019. Submitted abstracts undergo an anonymous peer-review process before being selected for inclusion by an organising committee and international advisory board of prominent linguists. Presentations have, over the years, taken on a broad range of phonological topics, from phonological acquisition and the phonological description of languages to the interfaces between phonology and other subfields of linguistics such as morphology and syntax.
The Manchester Phonology Meeting is the longest-running international conference dedicated exclusively to phonology. It regularly attracts participants from all over Europe, North and South America, Asia and Africa.
The 27th conference in the series will take place between 23 and 25 May 2019.
Funding for the conference has come from a variety of sources, including the Linguistics Association of Great Britain and the British Academy.
References
External links
Manchester Phonology Meeting homepage
University of Manchester
Linguistics conferences
Help Me Durdana is a 2019 Pakistani comedy television film aired on ARY Digital on 5 June 2019. It is co-produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under their banner Big Bang Entertainment. It has Yasir Hussain, Ushna Shah and Mehmood Aslam in leads.
Cast
Yasir Hussain as Daniyal aka Dino/Durdana; Dino's mother (dual role)
Ushna Shah as Maheen (Mahi)
Mehmood Aslam as Chaudhry Sahab (Maheen's father)
Noaman Sami as Dino's friend
Zulqarnain Haider as Feeqa
Controversy
A week before the release of telefilm, Hussain became a victim of trolls and news when they commented offensive words against LGBT community on their Instagram account. They posted a promo picture of telefilm where they were wearing a Saree as it was the requirement of their role in the project. The fan commented ‘Why don't you guys hire an actual transgender?', to which Hussain replied, ‘matlab apko job chahye' (English: "Means, you want this role"). Many people criticize this act of Hussain and find it offensive. Reviewer from The Express Tribune called this as transphobic act to which Hussain said, "I have immense regard for transpersons". They further said that people misunderstood their role as they were playing a role of a mother not a transgender in the project.
References
Pakistani television films
Urdu-language television shows
2019 films
2019 comedy films
The Noah's Ark Trap is a chess opening trap in the Ruy Lopez. The term describe a family of traps in the Ruy Lopez in which a white bishop is trapped on the b3-square by black pawns.
Discussion
The origin of the name is uncertain. The shape of the black pawns on a6, b5, and c4 may resemble an ark, or the name may suggest that the trap is "as old as Noah's Ark".
Even chess masters have occasionally fallen victim to this trap. An example is a game between Endre Steiner and José Capablanca at the Budapest tournament in 1929:
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5 a6 4. Ba4 d6 5. d4
Better moves for White are 5.c3, 5.Bxc6+, and 5.0-0.
5... b5 6. Bb3 Nxd4 7. Nxd4 exd4 8. Qxd4
Alexander Alekhine recommended this move in the tournament book for New York 1924 as a means for White to draw, but it is a mistake that loses . White should instead play 8.Bd5 or try a gambit with 8.c3.
8... c5 9. Qd5 Be6 10. Qc6+ Bd7 11. Qd5 c4 (see diagram)
The white is trapped. White resigned after 32 moves.
In the Sicilian
A variation of this trap can occur in the Sicilian Defence after the moves
1. e4 c5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Bb5
The Rossolimo Variation.
3... a6 4. Ba4??
4.Bxc6 is necessary and the point of 3.Bb5 itself.
4... b5 5. Bb3 c4 (see diagram)
The bishop is again similarly trapped.
References
Chess traps
Noah's Ark in popular culture
St Bridget's Church in Bridestowe, Devon, is a parish church in the Church of England and one of the central buildings in the rural area on the northwestern edge of Dartmoor. It is a Grade II* listed building of medieval construction with restorations made in the 19th century.
Building
The church is mostly 13th and 15th century, with a west tower and some fragments of Norman work as well as Early English and Perpendicular styles. It is dedicated to the Irish Saint Bride or Bridget, who is depicted in one of the stained glass windows, and from whom the name of the surrounding village is derived. The church's distinctive gateway is described in White's Directories as "a fine Norman arch supposed to be the remains of the original church". Restorations were carried out in circa 1820, 1866, and 1890.
Memorials
On the north wall of the chancel is a 1665 memorial of 1665 to Lady Honor Fortescue Calmady, wife of Sir Shilston Calmady and mother of Josias Calmady. The churchyard contains the grave of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Wollocombe (1814).
Current day
Regular services are only held on Sunday mornings. A local flower festival is periodically held at the church.
References
External links
St Bridget's Church, Bridestowe website
Bridestowe
Diocese of Exeter
15th-century church buildings in England
Borough of West Devon
Don't You Worry, Honey is the second studio album by American indie pop trio Sir Sly. It was released on June 30, 2017 by Interscope Records.
Track listing
Critical reception
Despite having two songs that charted in the Billboard Alternative and Rock Songs list, the album was not heavily reviewed by mainstream contemporary music critics.
Personnel
The following individuals were credited for composing the album.
Chancellor Bennett — Composer
Hayden Coplen — Composer
Andraé Crouch — Composer
François de Roubaix — Composer
David Francis Del Sesto — Composer
Jeff Gitelman — Composer
Andy Hernandez — Composer
Landon Jacobs — Composer
Quincy Jones — Composer
Greg Landfair, Jr. — Composer
Bill Maxwell — Composer
Gunter Platzek — Composer
Nico Segal — Composer
David Del Sesto — Composer
Sir Sly — Primary Artist
Jason Suwito — Composer
Peter Wilkins — Composer
Peter Yorke — Composer
Charting
The album did not chart, however two tracks, High and &Run, made the Top 10 on the Alternative Songs chart.; only being available digitally and on vinyl may have depressed the album's charting.
References
2017 albums
Sir Sly albums
