The Robinson Forest is a research, education, and extension forest owned by the University of Kentucky and managed by the Department of Forestry in the College of Agriculture, Food, and Environment. The forest covers in Breathitt, Knott and Perry counties in Kentucky's Cumberland Plateau region. The main block of Robinson Forest contains approximately 10,000 contiguous acres while the remaining acreage is found in outlying tracts.
History
In 1908, E.O Robinson and Fredrick W. Mowbray of the Mowbray-Robinson Lumber Company based out of Cincinnati, Ohio purchased nearly of land in Perry, Knott and Breathitt counties in Kentucky. By 1914 a narrow gauge railroad was constructed, connecting the once isolated region to the sawmills in West Irvine and Quicksand, thereby providing access to the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.
However, by 1922 the majority of the timber had been extracted and E.O. Robinson decided to donate the land to the University of Kentucky. Robinson's main intention for donating the land was for the establishment of an agricultural research facility for the purpose of agricultural experimental work and teaching, and for the practical demonstration of reforestation. As a way to transfer the tract, they set up the E.O. Robinson Mountain Fund in 1923. This fund not only promoted land management but also called for the general improvement of welfare and education in the residents of Eastern Kentucky. By 1925, workers from the university moved to the forest and work began on removing the former structures and forest regeneration began in certain areas. The first forester, C.H. Burrage, spent several years mapping property boundaries and organizing fire protection.
From 1933 to 1937, the Civilian Conservation Corps was involved in many projects within the forest including: building bridges, fire towers, and fire breaks; installing telephone lines; establishing tree plantations; doing timber stand improvements; and improving roads. They also removed American chestnuts that had been killed by the chestnut blight. These logs were then used in 1939 by the National Youth Authority to build the cabins and other facilities on present-day Boardinghouse Branch. In 1947, the forest also became a wildlife restoration area. White-tailed deer, wild turkey, and ruffed grouse were successfully stocked.
In 1970, the University of Kentucky's Department of Forestry was established, creating new interest in forestry and water quality. Since that time management of the forest has been performed by the Department operating under guidelines approved by the University of Kentucky's Board of Trustees. Today, Robinson Forest serves as one of the largest educational forests east of the Mississippi River.
See also
Bernheim Arboretum and Research Forest
Berea College Forest
Duke Forest
Clemson Experimental Forest
West Virginia University Research Forest
References
External links
Robinson Forest Official website
Robinson Forest Lookout Tower
University of Kentucky
Forests of Kentucky
Geography of Breathitt County, Kentucky
Geography of Knott County, Kentucky
Geography of Perry County, Kentucky
Research forests
Protected areas established in 1923
1923 establishments in Kentucky
Cincari was a Roman era civitas of Africa Proconsularae a town which has been tentatively identified with the ruins of Henchir Tengar in today's northern Tunisia. The ruins at Bordj Toum have also been proposed as an alternative for the town.
The ruins at Henchir Tengar include temples, but the site is best known for its theatre.
The Christian church was a reused Roman baths. but had four apses. and a martyrium.
The city also had one of only two known septizodia. The only other known such structure was found on Palatine Hill, Rome. The function of the structure remains unknown, though it may be cultic.
The city was also the seat of an ancient Christian bishopric known only through ecclesiastical documents. It was an ancient episcopal see of the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis and was a suffragan of Archdiocese of Carthage.
Only two bishops of this ancient episcopal see are known. At the Conference of Carthage (411), the town was represented by the Catholic bishop Restitutus, and the Donatist bishop Campano. Today Cincari survives as titular bishopric and the current bishop is , of Puyo.
Bishops
Manuel Castro Ruiz (July 21, 1965 – September 20, 1969 )
Ricardo Blanco Granda (November 17, 1969 – August 2, 1986)
Roger Francis Crispian Hollis (February 13, 1987 – December 6, 1988)
José Andrés Corral Arredondo (January 16, 1989 – July 11, 1992)
, from 6 October 1992
References
Ancient Berber cities
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Africa (Roman province)
Former populated places in Tunisia
Pamela is a monotypic butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae containing the species Pamela dudgeonii, the Lister's hairstreak. It is a small butterfly found in India (Himalayas, Mussoorie, and Sikkim).
See also
List of butterflies of India
List of butterflies of India (Lycaenidae)
References
Theclinae
Butterflies of Asia
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Stochastic partial differential equations (SPDEs) generalize partial differential equations via random force terms and coefficients, in the same way ordinary stochastic differential equations generalize ordinary differential equations.
They have relevance to quantum field theory, statistical mechanics, and spatial modeling.
Examples
One of the most studied SPDEs is the stochastic heat equation, which may formally be written as
where is the Laplacian and denotes space-time white noise. Other examples also include stochastic versions of famous linear equations, such as wave equation and Schrödinger equation.
Discussion
One difficulty is their lack of regularity. In one dimensional space, solutions to the stochastic heat equation are only almost 1/2-Hölder continuous in space and 1/4-Hölder continuous in time. For dimensions two and higher, solutions are not even function-valued, but can be made sense of as random distributions.
For linear equations, one can usually find a mild solution via semigroup techniques.
However, problems start to appear when considering non-linear equations. For example
where is a polynomial. In this case it is not even clear how one should make sense of the equation. Such an equation will also not have a function-valued solution in dimension larger than one, and hence no pointwise meaning. It is well known that the space of distributions has no product structure. This is the core problem of such a theory. This leads to the need of some form of renormalization.
An early attempt to circumvent such problems for some specific equations was the so called da Prato-Debussche trick which involved studying such non-linear equations as perturbations of linear ones. However, this can only be used in very restrictive settings, as it depends on both the non-linear factor and on the regularity of the driving noise term. In recent years, the field has drastically expanded, and now there exists a large machinery to guarantee local existence for a variety of sub-critical SPDE's.
See also
Brownian surface
Kardar–Parisi–Zhang equation
Kushner equation
Malliavin calculus
Wick product
Zakai equation
References
Further reading
External links
Stochastic differential equations
Partial differential equations
Benjo Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 2.5 km2. The dam impounds about 2 ha of land when full and can store 208 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1966.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Hans Albin Agaton Amelin (25 January 1902 – 8 February 1975) was a Swedish artist.
Biography
Amelin was born in Chicago in the United States. Amelin began working as a typography student in 1915 and studied at the Konstfack in Stockholm and from 1919 to 1921 and later continued studies in Paris. They made their debut in 1929 and was one of the founders of Färg och Form art gallery in 1932. They were a politically conscious painter and their motifs are often socially emphasized, often depicting workers. However they painted landscapes as well as still life in expressionist style.
Amelin joined Communist Party of Sweden in 1929. They were the founder of the Association of Independent Artists of Sweden. They headed the society "Art for the people".
In connection with the International Labor Organization's 50th anniversary in 1969, the Swedish Post Office issued a stamp with the motif Arbetarhuvud by Amelin.  They are buried in Bromma cemetery.
References
1902 births
1975 deaths
20th-century Swedish painters
Swedish genre painters
Swedish still life painters
Communist Party of Sweden (1924) politicians
Swedish anti-fascists
Swedish communists
Swedish landscape painters
Expressionist painters
People from Chicago
Sierra Leone is a multilingual country. English is the de facto official language, and Krio is the most widely spoken.
Other major languages include Mende, which is spoken by 31% of the population as a mother tongue and as a lingua franca in southern Sierra Leone, and Temne, which is spoken by 37% as a mother tongue and also as a lingua franca in the northern province, north Western province, and other part of Sierra Leone and some part of the Capital and the Western Area. Other languages include Kono, Kissi, Kuranko, Limba, Fula (Pular), Mandingo and Susu.
Although English, as the official language, is spoken in schools, government administration and the media, Krio is spoken as a lingua franca in virtually all parts of Sierra Leone. Krio, an English-based creole language, is the mother tongue of 10.5% of the population but is spoken by 90% of Sierra Leoneans.
See also
Sierra Leonean Sign Language
References
Arghavan (, also Romanized as Arghavān) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15 distributed in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Shey Gompa (Nepali: शे गुम्बा, They gumba) is a Buddhist monastery located in the Phoksundo rural municipality of the Dolpa district in Nepal at an elevation of 4200m. Shey Gompa means the Crystal Monastery in Tibetan. It was established in the 11th century. The monastery is considered to be the spiritual heart of Upper Dolpa.
The monastery has a two-story building coloured in red and the interior has various Buddhist paintings.
A festival called Shey Mela is organized every twelve years. It is believed that in 1220 BS, the Kagyu tribe came to this place and started this festival as a symbol of winning against the evil spirits, the Rakshyas.
See also
Shey Phoksundo National Park
References
Buddhist monasteries in Nepal
11th-century establishments in Nepal
James Latimer Hogin (7 March 1801 – 7 December 1876) was an American politician.
Hogin was born in Kent County, Delaware, on 7 March 1801 and was trained as a shoemaker. They moved to Brookville, Indiana, in March 1819, and married Wellsburg, Virginia, native Eliza J. Crouch on 3 September 1822. The couple's children included a son, John Chrisfield Hogin. Father and son moved to Indianapolis in 1832 to start a business. From 1845, they were residents of Danville, Iowa. Later, the family settled in Sigourney, Iowa. Hogin was elected to the Iowa Senate as a Whig in 1854. They represented District 13 until 1956, when they were redistricted to District 15 and joined the Republican Party. Hogin stepped down from the state senate in January 1858.
Hogin was an active Freemason and held several positions within the Grand Lodge of Iowa. They were elected Grand Master in 1854. Hogin died on 7 December 1876.
References
People from Sigourney, Iowa
People from Des Moines County, Iowa
Shoemakers
Businesspeople from Indianapolis
1876 deaths
American Freemasons
Iowa Whigs
Iowa state senators
Iowa Republicans
19th-century American politicians
People from Brookville, Indiana
People from Kent County, Delaware
1801 births
No U-Turn Syndrome (NUTS) is a term first coined by Singaporean entrepreneur Sim Wong Hoo to prominently describe the social behaviour of Singaporeans having a mindset of compliance to higher authorities before proceeding with any action. They make a comparison of traffic rules in Singapore to those found overseas, to describe the phenomenon. In Singapore, drivers are not allowed to make a U-turn unless a sign specifically allows them to do so, while in some other countries drivers may make U-turns freely so long as a "No U-turn" sign is not present. Following that, this analogy is used to explain the red tape they have encountered with hard-nosed bureaucrats, which in turn stifles the very creativity that the Singaporean government has been trying to promote in the recent years.
NUTS is also considered one of the major criticisms of the rigid Singapore education system, where students are taught from a young age to obey instructions in an unquestioning manner, in a society where grades and paper certification are emphasised at the expense of some life skills.
In 2003, the term was referred to by Singaporean MPs during discussions about encouraging entrepreneurship. Five MPs said that "the biggest hurdle for Singaporeans in creating a pro-enterprise environment is the NUTS mentality."
References
Singaporean culture
Education in Singapore
Bharatkund railway station is one of the railway station in the Ayodhya district of Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
It takes 20 minutes to travel from Ayodhya city to Bharatkund railway station. Approximate driving distance between Ayodhya and Bharatkund railway station is . Travel time refers to the time taken if the distance is covered by a car.
References
Railway stations in Faizabad district
Transport in Ayodhya
In molecular biology, the cadherin cytoplasmic region is a conserved region found at the C-terminus of cadherin proteins. A key determinant to the strength of the binding that it is mediated by cadherins is the juxtamembrane region (the part of the cytoplasmic region which is adjacent to the transmembrane domain) of the cadherin. This region induces clustering and also binds to the protein catenin (p120ctn). The cytoplasmic region is highly conserved in sequence and has been shown experimentally to regulate the cell-cell binding function of the extracellular domain of E-cadherin, possibly through interaction with the cytoskeleton.
See also
Protocadherin, a different, unrelated cytoplasmic region
References
External links
, superfamily
Protein families
The 1980 Grand Prix d'Automne was the 74th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 28 September 1980. The race started in Blois and finished in Chaville. The race was won by Daniel Willems of the IJsboerke team.
General classification
References
1980 in French sport
1980
1980 Super Prestige Pernod
The 1937 William & Mary Indians football team represented The College of William & Mary during the 1937 college football season. The University of Virginia left the Southern Conference in 1937. Therefore, the 1936 season indicates them as a conference game, whereas the 1937 season does not.
Schedule
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
Tarucus ungemachi, the Ungemach's Pierrot, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Senegal, the Gambia, Guinea, Burkina Faso, northern Ghana, northern Nigeria, northern Cameroon, Chad, southern Sudan, Ethiopia, northern Uganda and northwestern Kenya. The habitat consists of savanna, including Sudan savanna and Guinea savanna.
Adults typically feed from the flowers of Ziziphus, Tridax and other species.
The larvae feed on Ziziphus abyssinica.
References
Butterflies described in 1942
Tarucus
The southern bristle tyrant (Pogonotriccus eximius) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Brazil, Paraguay and northeastern Argentina. This species is sometimes placed in the genus Phylloscartes. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Further reading
southern bristle tyrant
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
southern bristle tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Portrait of Francisco de Pisa is a 1614 painting by El Greco, now in the Kimbell Art Museum in Fort Worth, Texas. Most art historians identify it as doctor Francisco de Pisa, a Spanish cleric, though a minority identify it as the Italian historian Giacomo Bosio due to the words shown in the open book. Francisco de Pisa was an enemy of Teresa of Ávila, who they criticised because they felt that their works contained "much that contradicts truth and sound doctrine and all good use of mental prayer". The pose of the subject is similar to that in Portrait of Cardinal Tavera, which is of a similar date.
References
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA, José, El Greco, Madrid, Arlanza, 2005, Biblioteca «Descubrir el Arte», (colección «Grandes maestros»). .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL, Michael, El Greco, Colonia, Taschen, 2003. .
External links
Hilario Rodríguez de Gracia: Francisco de Pisa, Diccionario Biográfico Español. Real Academia de la Historia.
Francisco de Pisa
1610 paintings
Francisco de Pisa
Francisco de Pisa
Books in art
Paintings in the collection of the Kimbell Art Museum
Zdravko Stankov (; born 1 April 1977) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a defender.
References
Bulgarian footballers
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Plovdiv
Association football defenders
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv players
PFC Cherno More Varna players
PFC Pirin Blagoevgrad players
PFC Belasitsa Petrich players
PFC Rodopa Smolyan players
Botev Plovdiv players
PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra players
PFC Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo players
William Thomas Pettus (August 13, 1884 – August 22, 1924) was an American baseball first baseman in the Cuban League and Negro leagues. They played from 1902 to 1921 with several teams.
Career
Pettus began playing baseball in 1902 for the Albuquerque, New Mexico team, staying there until the end of the 1903 season. They often went by the nickname "Zack" Pettus.
In addition to baseball, in their twenties, Pettus made money boxing and working in the coal mine near Madrid, New Mexico.
Pitcher Babe Adams said of Pettus's early days, they were "one of the best catchers in the baseball world."
In 1904, Pettus played on the white teams of San Francisco and Oakland California, and was the only black player on those teams.
In 1905, they returned to Albuquerque, New Mexico to manage and captain the team, which was made up of ten Mexicans and two colored ball players. The team won 48 out of 49 games, losing only one.
In 1906, Pettus again was the only black player on a white team when they played for the Albuquerque, New Mexico team.
In 1907 and 1908, Pettus caught for the Santa Fe, New Mexico Salmon Grays.
During 1908–1909 they played for the Occidental Club, a black baseball team in Los Angeles, California.
In 1909, Pettus played first base for the Kansas City Giants. At the end of that year, they re-joined the Occidental Club in Los Angeles.
In 1910, Pettus joined the Chicago Giants, a Frank Leland team that had recently broken off of the Leland Giants after a legal battle over naming rights. The Chicago Giants, often called "Leland's Chicago Giants", included big stars of the day, including Nathan Harris, George Wright, Dangerfield Talbert, Cyclone Joe Williams, Bobby Marshall, Charles "Joe" Green, Dick Wallace, Steel Arm Johnny Taylor, and their brother Candy Jim Taylor. Pettus would play there for two seasons, touring much of the upper midwest.
They played winter ball in the 1911–1912 season for Habana, and returned to split the season between the Brooklyn Royal Giants and the New York Lincoln Stars where they played on and off until 1916, continuing on in this way playing on and off with the Lincoln Giants until 1920.
Death
Pettus died on August 22, 1924 in New York City at the age of 40.  They are buried at the Mt. Olivet Cemetery in New York, New York.
References
External links
NLB museum
1884 births
1924 deaths
Hilldale Club players
Brooklyn Royal Giants players
Habana players
Baseball players from Texas
American expatriate baseball players in Cuba
Chicago Giants players
Harrisburg Giants players
Lincoln Giants players
Lincoln Stars (baseball) players
Philadelphia Giants players
Richmond Giants players
Kansas City Giants players
Andris Reiss (Kuldīga, 10 March 1978) was a Latvian former professional cyclist. They rode in the 2002 Vuelta a España, finishing 95th overall. They also competed in the road race at the 2000 Summer Olympics, and finished in 81st place.
Major results
1998
5th National Road Race Championships
2001
1st National Road Race Championships
2nd Giro del Medio Brenta
2nd Overall Girobio
References
External links
Olympic cyclists of Latvia
People from Kuldīga
Living people
1978 births
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Asghar Ali Jutt is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-167 (Vehari-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in by-polls held in May 2010. They received 63,183 votes and defeated Nazir Ahmed Arain, a candidate of Awami Ittehad.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-166 (Pakpattan-III) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 30,941 votes and lost the seat to Rana Zahid Hussain.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1991 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations was the fourth edition of the Afro-Asian Cup of Nations, it was contested by Algeria, winners of the 1990 African Cup of Nations, and Iran, winners of the 1990 Asian Games football tournament. Algeria won by the away goal after egality 2 - 2 in aggregates.
Qualified teams
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Winners
Algeria won by the away goal after 2–2 on aggregates.
References
External links
1991 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - rsssf.com
1991 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - goalzz.com
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Mer
Mer
1991–92 in Algerian football
1991–92 in Iranian football
Algeria national football team matches
Iran national football team matches
September 1991 sports events in Asia
October 1991 sports events in Africa
Gökçebağ can refer to:
Gökçebağ, Ayaş
Gökçebağ, Burdur
Gökçebağ, Merzifon
Horst Korsching (12 August 1912 – 21 March 1998) was a German physicist. They were arrested by the allied British and American Armed Forces and incarcerated at Farm Hall for six months in 1945 under Operation Epsilon.
Education
Born in Danzig, Korsching began their studies of physics at the Humboldt University of Berlin in 1932. In 1937, they joined the scientific staff at the Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik (KWIP, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics), an institute under the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft (KWG, Kaiser Wilhelm Society) and located in Dahlem-Berlin. They received their doctorate under Hermann Schüler.
Career
At the KWIP, they were a colleague of Karl Wirtz, and their research was on determination of the nuclear moment and thermodiffusion. During the war years, they worked on isotope separation under Kurt Diebner and Werner Heisenberg. They went with the staff of the KWIP when it was moved to Hechingen in 1943 to avoid bombing casualties. In late spring 1945, Korsching was arrested by the allied British and American Armed Forces and incarcerated at Farm Hall for six months under Operation Epsilon.
From 1946, after their incarceration, Korsching worked at the Max-Planck Institut für Physik (MPIP), which was the renamed Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik and had been opened in the British Occupation Zone in Göttingen. In 1958, they moved with the MPIP when it was relocated to Munich.
Internal report
The following were published in Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte (Research Reports in Nuclear Physics), an internal publication of the German Uranverein. Reports in this publication were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics.
Horst Korsching Trennung von schwerem und leichtem Benzol durch Termo-Diffusion in flüssiger Phase, 5 September 1941. G-102.
Horst Korsching Zur Frage des Isotopeneffekts bei Thermodiffusion in flüssiger Phase, 25 February 1942. G-174.
Selected literature
H. Schüler und H. Korsching Zur Frage nach Gesetzmäßigkeiten beim Aufbau des Atomkernes, Naturwissenschaften Volume 24, Number 50, Pages 796-797 (December, 1936)
Horst Korschung Quadrupolmoment von 83Kr36, 131Xe54 und mechanisches Moment von 83Kr36, Zeitschrift für Physik Volume 109, Numbers 5-6, Pages 349-357 (May, 1938). The author is cited as being at a facility in Berlin-Dahlem. The article was received 10 March 1938.
H. Schüler und H. Korsching Magnetische Momente von 171, 173 Yb und Isotopenverschiebung beim Yb I , Zeitschrift für Physik Volume 111, Numbers 5-6, Pages 386-390 (May, 1938). The authors were cited as being at a facility in Berlin-Dahlem. The article was received 1 November 1938.
Horst Korsching and Karl Wirtz Trennung von Flüssigkeitsgemischen mittels kombinierter Thermodiffusion und Thermosiphonwirkung: Methode von Clusius und Dickel, Naturwissenschaften Volume 27, Number 7, Page 110 (February, 1939)
Horst Korsching Trennung von Benzol und Hexadeuterobenzol durch Thermodiffusion in der Flüssigkeit, Naturwissenschaften Volume 31, Numbers 29-30, Pages 348-349 (July, 1943)
Horst Korsching Ein abgeändertes Verfahren bei der Trennung von Lösungsbestandteilen durch Thermodiffusion in der Flüssigkeit, Naturwissenschafte Volume 32, Numbers 27-39, Page 220 (July, 1944)
Books
Horst Korsching and Karl Wirtz Trennung der Zinkisotope durch Thermodiffusion in flüssiger Phase (Verlag der Akademie der Wissenschaften, 1939)
Bibliography
Bernstein, Jeremy Hitler's Uranium Club: The Secret Recording's at Farm Hall (Copernicus, 2001)
Hentschel, Klaus, editor and Ann M. Hentschel, editorial assistant and Translator Physics and National Socialism: An Anthology of Primary Sources (Birkhäuser, 1996)
Walker, Mark German National Socialism and the Quest for Nuclear Power 1939–1949 (Cambridge, 1993)
External links
MPIWG – Max Planck Institute for the History of Science
References
1912 births
Nuclear program of Nazi Germany
1998 deaths
Operation Epsilon
20th-century German physicists
The 1905 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University as an independent during the 1905 college football season. In its first and only season under head coach John L. Griffith, the team compiled a 4–4 record and outscored all opponents by a total of 151 to 141.
The team played its home games at Haskins Field.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Osvaldo Fabian Grimberg (; born 6 February 1962) is an Argentine former professional association footballer who was part of the 1988–89 championship squad at Maccabi Haifa.
Biography
Playing career
In 1988, Maccabi Haifa decided to bring in Jewish players from Argentina since they would qualify as immigrants and not as transfers. The Jewish Agency paid for all travel and even some living expenses for new immigrants, saving the club money. Grimberg was brought in under these circumstances, along with Fabian Lagman and Patricio Sayegh.
References
External links
Profile and short biography of Fabian Grimberg on Maccabi Haifa's official website
Limited profile of Fabian Grimberg on the Base de datos del futbol Argentino
1962 births
Living people
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Jewish Argentine sportspeople
Jewish Israeli sportspeople
Argentine footballers
Israeli footballers
Argentine emigrants to Israel
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield footballers
Aldosivi footballers
Maccabi Haifa F.C. players
Shimshon Tel Aviv F.C. players
Maccabi Ironi Ashdod F.C. players
Club Almagro players
Hapoel Tirat HaCarmel F.C. players
Maccabi Kafr Kanna F.C. players
Israeli people of Argentine-Jewish descent
Sportspeople of Argentine descent
Association football defenders
FK Náchod is a football club located in Náchod, Czech Republic. The club is most notable for playing in its country's top division, the Czechoslovak First League, in the 1930s. It currently plays in Divize C, which is in the fourth tier of the Czech football system.
In 2001–2011 the club played under the name FK Náchod-Deštné. In 2011 it was divided into two clubs.
Historical names
1902 — SK Náchod
1947 — DSO Sokol Tepna Náchod-Plhov
1948 — DSO Sokol Rubena Náchod merger with SK Kudrnáč Náchod
1961 — TJ Jiskra Náchod
1963 — TJ Jiskra Tepna Náchod
1964 — TJ Tepna Náchod
1974 — TJ Náchod
1994 — SK SOMOS Náchod
2001 — FK Náchod-Deštné merger with TJ Sokol Deštné v Orl. horách
2011 — FK Náchod
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Association football clubs established in 1902
Czechoslovak First League clubs
Miklós Both (born 3 June 1981, Budapest) is a Hungarian composer, performer, folklorist, singer for the band , guitarist, and vitar violin player. They won the Fonogram and Budai awards, and honored with the Hungarian Gold Cross of Merit. Their folklore film database has recordings from Ukraine, China, Transylvania, Iran, India and others. In 2015, they were chosen by Öröm a Zene! as musician of the year.
Career
Both attended Pázmány Péter Catholic University, majoring in aesthetics and also studied communications. They independently learned to play the guitar. In 2000 for short period they participated in the Galloping Coroners and
Kárpát Möbiusz bands. In 2004, they founded their own band called Napra, and joined the legendary Hungarian band Barbaro. Napra's debut album, produced in 2007 by Ben Mandelson, won a Fonogram award, Best World Music Album of the Year.
In 2009, at the 100th anniversary celebration of Miklós Radnóti's birth, with Dániel Gryllus as host, Both was commissioned to create music for a reading of the poet's works by the series editor of Helicon Audio album. The album was recorded at the Budapest International Book Festival and received the Buda Award.
In 2011, they became the head of Cafés & Citizenry, an international project for Romani integration. The project is funded by the European Union, whose members are Hungarian, Italian and Romanian musicians who hold workshops and concerts in several countries.
At the World Music Expo (WOMEX) in Copenhagen in 2011, Both was part of Hungary's opening ceremony along with four other musicians, who later in 2012, founded the Both Miklós Folkside project. The band members are cymbalist Miklós Lukács, Balázs Szokolay Dongó with brass instruments, András Dés with percussion, and Csaba Novák on the bass. Their first album, Csillagfészek, was released in 2013.
In February 2014, they traveled to the Yunnan region of China to study the local music for four months and recorded an album. The disc incorporates the inspired songs beyond the purely aesthetic considerations and a higher overall arc of thought appears. During the time they spent in China, Both met with dozens of musicians and reworked and recorded many of their songs. The album also has performers of the contemporary music scene. Both and photos of a diary-documentary disc were released in October 2014, was presented at the Millenáris Theatre Café in Budapest with great success.
In 2014, they prepared an alternative talent search show on MTVA Palimo Story. A small crew traveled through Hungary searching for musicians. Through the series, they explore and actually succeed to showcase the unseen talents that are in the country. Both and musicians whom they have found appear on an eponymous album released in the summer of 2014.
In autumn 2014 they visit Ukraine for the first time, recording folk songs in 5 villages. This is an influential journey in their life; from this point onward, they travel to the country several times per year in order to build a database of folklore. They work alone in the first years, but their work is noticed by many people in Ukraine and they begin collaborating with a growing number of people. Collecting is carried out in increasingly improving technical quality.
In 2016, Both was a judge on A Dal, the Hungarian national selection for Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest. They reprised this role for the 2017 edition and did so again for the 2018 edition.
In 2016, they were a guest of honor at the Ördögkatlan Festival, along with Dorottya Udvaros and Péter Gerzson Kovács. The festival has its own courtyard in three central Ukrainian villages.
In 2017, Fidelio Magazine elects them among the 50 most influential people in Hungarian culture in the frame of its KULT50 edition.
In 2017, their team is granted the European Union's Creative Europe grant, for which they devised the application, as the founder and leader of the newly launched Polyphony Project. In connection with this, they enter partnership with the Ivan Honchar museum in Kiev.
In May 2018, recordings made over four years are published in an online database of academic quality, eliciting great interest and attention from all over the world. The intensity of interest is demonstrated by the fact that Ukraine's Minister of Culture Yevhen Nyshchuk gave a speech at the opening ceremony along with a number of Ukrainian and Hungarian folklorists.
By mid-2018, music, dances, interviews and documentaries had been recorded across nearly 130 villages; at this point, the database contains approximately 3000 songs.
In 2018, they are awarded the Gold Cross of Merit of the Republic of Hungary.
Discography
Tisztelgés az Illés zenekar előtt - Amikor én még kissrác voltam, 2005.
Barbaro - Barbaro III, 2006.
Berkó zenekar, Berkó 2007.
Jaj, a világ!, Napra 2007.
Both Miklós - Radnóti, Hangzó Helikon 2009.
Blind Myself: Budapest, 7fok, eső, 2009.
Rendhagyó Prímástalálkozó, I. 2010.
Cseh Tamás emléklemez - Eszembe jutottál, 2010.
Holdvilágos, Napra 2010.
The Twist: Live Through The Cool, 2011.
Naiv, Napra 2012 (EP)
Csillagfészek, Both Miklós Folkside 2013.
Rendhagyó Prímástalálkozó: II. 2013.
Both Miklós és a Palimo Story, Fonó Records, 2014.
Kínai utazólemez, Gryllus, 2014.
Hej, Kapolcsról fúj a szél - vagány népdalok a Kaláka Versudvarból 2018.
Nana Vortex - Aranylemez 2018.
Awards
Hungarian Music Awards: Best World Music Album of the Year (2008)
Budai award (2009)
Hungarian Music Awards: Best World Music Album of the Year (2011)
Hungarian Music Awards: Best World Music Album of the Year (nominated, 2014)
Hungarian Music Awards: Best World Music Album of the Year (nominated, 2015)
Musician of the Year (2015)
Hungarian Gold Cross of Merit (2018)
Further information
GitárVilág interjú
KultúrPart interjú
Origó vendégszoba
References
1981 births
Hungarian composers
Hungarian male composers
World music musicians
Living people
Musicians from Budapest
NGC 802 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Hydrus. It is about 68 million light-years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of about 20,000 light years. NGC 802 was discovered on November 2, 1834 by the British astronomer John Herschel.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
Lenticular galaxies
Hydrus (constellation)
0802
007505
Eudendrium sagaminum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1954
Gynandrocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Gynandrocarpa include:
Gynandrocarpa placenta (Herdman, 1886)
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Gynandrocarpa borealis (Gottschaldt, 1894): synonym of Kukenthalia borealis (Gottschaldt, 1894)
Gynandrocarpa domuncula Michaelsen, 1904: synonym of Polyandrocarpa placenta (Herdman, 1886)
Gynandrocarpa imthurni Herdman, 1906: synonym of Eusynstyela latericius (Sluiter, 1904)
Gynandrocarpa latericius Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Eusynstyela latericius (Sluiter, 1904)
Gynandrocarpa maxima Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Polycarpa anguinea (Sluiter, 1898)
Gynandrocarpa michaelseni (Sluiter, 1900): synonym of Chorizocarpa michaelseni (Sluiter, 1900)
Gynandrocarpa misanthropos Monniot, 1978: synonym of Dextrocarpa misanthropos Monniot, 1978
Gynandrocarpa nigricans (Heller, 1878): synonym of Polycarpa nigricans Heller, 1878
Gynandrocarpa purpurea Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
Gynandrocarpa quadricornulis Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Symplegma brakenhielmi (Michaelsen, 1904)
Gynandrocarpa similis Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Symplegma brakenhielmi (Michaelsen, 1904)
Gynandrocarpa solitaris Millar, 1955: synonym of Dextrocarpa solitaris Millar, 1955
Gynandrocarpa systematica Sluiter, 1904: synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
Gynandrocarpa unilateralis Michaelsen, 1900: synonym of Gynandrocarpa placenta (Herdman, 1886)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
World's Toughest Race: Eco-Challenge Fiji is television series documenting a long-range multi-day expedition race in which teams race non-stop with little to no sleep over mountains, jungles, and oceans. The series is a revival of the Eco-Challenge series first broadcast from 1995 to 2002. The race took place in Fiji in September 2019, and the television series documenting the race hosted by Bear Grylls premiered on Amazon Prime Video on August 14, 2020.
The race was contested by 66 teams of four from around the world. The race encompassed trekking by foot and traveling in various non-motorized forms of transportation, including paddling and sailing in an outrigger, paddleboarding, mountain biking, and whitewater rafting, requiring skills such as rappelling, climbing, and canyoneering. No modern technology can be used in navigation, and only a map and compass were provided. Expedition problem-solving skills were required to meet any challenges the teams may encounter along the way. All members of a team must complete the race; should any team member quit or cannot complete the race, the entire team would be eliminated.
The race was won by Team New Zealand, who also won the previous race held 17 years prior. The winning team received a $100,000 cash prize.
Race course and overview
The race course covered more than to be completed within eleven days with 66 teams from 30 countries participating in the race. There were 31 checkpoints along the way split into 5 legs. Each of the first 4 legs finished at a camp where the team must rest for a mandatory 90 minutes. Teams must recover a medallion in each leg, and they must also finish each leg within a specified cut-off time or they will be eliminated. The five stages of the race course were:
Ocean leg – From the starting point at the Draubuta Village on the main island of Viti Levu, teams moved down the Wainibokasi River on a camakau outrigger, and paddled or sailed over the sea for . They reached the first checkpoint on the island of Leleuvia, then moved on to Ovalau, where they looped around the interior of the island for by foot before paddling back to the main island, along the way a team member had to dive down to the sea floor to retrieve a medallion. They moved up the Waidalici River in Verata for 30 km on a stand-up paddleboard, before traveling on mountain bike for a ride to Camp 1 at Naivucini Village, the end of the leg. Teams must reach the camp at 4pm on the third day.
Jungle leg – This leg covered almost in three sections. First the teams traveled through the Waiga Canyon where they may collect a medallion, then they paddled down the Wainimala River on a self-made bamboo bilibili raft. In the last section the teams traveled on mountain bikes for to Camp 2. They must reach Camp 2 at Waivaka village on day 5.
River leg – This leg started with of biking, followed by of white water rafting on the Navua River, ending with of jungle trekking. For safety reason, no team can tackle white water rafting during the night, and teams must stay at the check point until dawn before they can proceed to the river to raft. They can collect a medallion from the chief of Namuamua Village after the rafting section. For the jungle-hiking, teams may enlist help from the locals as guides or porters. This leg ended at Camp 3 at Lutu Village.
Highland leg – The teams first trekked through the jungle to the base of Vuwa Falls, and climbed 1,000 feet (300m) up the falls to collect a medallion. They then swam for in a series of cold pools above the fall. This was followed by a paddleboarding section for in over Monasavu lake before they trekked for in the highland to reach the fourth and last camp at Navala Village.
Island leg – The last leg started with a mountain bike ride, during which the teams needed to a rappel down the Qalivuda Falls where they picked up their last medallion. After mountain biking, they transitioned to a stand-up paddleboard down the Sabeto River to reach the ocean. From the Lomolomo Beach they changed to an outrigger for a journey to their finishing line on Mana Island.
An early lead was taken by Team Bend Racing, but one member of the team suffered from heat exhaustion and the team dropped to the back of the pack to allow them to recover. Team New Zealand, consisting of team captain Nathan Fa'avae, Sophie Hart, Stuart Lynch, Chris Forne and Mark Rayward, then dominated the entire course. Other early leaders included Team Out There, Team France Expenature, Team Summit, Team Canada Adventure, Team Estonian Ace, Team Thunderbolt, and Team Tiki Tour, but along the way, navigational errors caused some of them to fall behind. The racers faced unexpected obstacles along the way, and heavy tropical storm forced the temporary suspension of the race for eight hours when water level rose to dangerous level in the canyon, although Team Estonian Ace was already trapped in the canyon. Parts of the course proved challenging for many teams and some, such as Team Summit, suffered from hypothermia after being immersed in the cold water for a long period in the mountain water. A number of teams were eliminated after failing to reach the camp before the cut-off time at each stage, the first to be eliminated this way was Team Unbroken. Others dropped out due to injury such as Team Onyx and Team Curl, or through illness caused by infections, while some dropped out through exhaustion due to the difficulty of the course.
The closing stages were contested between Team New Zealand, Team Canada Adventure and Team Gippsland Adventure from Australia. Although at some checkpoints the time differences between the leading and chasing teams were only minutes, Team New Zealand held on to their leading position throughout. Team New Zealand suffered a capsized of their outrigger requiring rescue in the last leg of the race; the organizers allowed them to continue the race after ferrying them to a nearby island and provided them with a new canoe. They managed to finish first, beating off challenges from the other two teams by over one-and-a-half hours.
Episodes
Teams
Each race team is composed of four competitors led by a team captain (TC), including at least one member of the opposite sex, with one additional team assistant crew member (TAC) who help their team when they reach the camp. Each team races under a single country's flag. All teams must pass assessment tests on the various physical skills required on the course, and team members are required to work together under extreme stress and fatigue to finish the race. Listed below are the 66 competing teams:
Argentina
Team Outlab Argentina : Alejandro Eugenio Kuryluk (TC), Ignacio Raigoso, Silvina Bedecarras, Leonardo Yozzi, Fabian Cordiviola (TAC)
Team Tierra Viva : Guri Aznarez (TC), Veronica Astete, Juan Diego Lotz, Soledad Ermosilla, Dr. Marcelo Parada (TAC)
Australia
Team 2nd Chance : Deanna Blegg (TC), Maria Plyashechko, Sergey Kurov, Darren Clarke, Gavin Allen (TAC)
Team Aussie Rescue : Samantha Gash (TC), Morgan Coull, Mark Wales, Jarrod Mitchell, Joshua Lynott (TAC)
Team Gippsland Adventure : Rob Preston (TC), Kathryn Preston, Tim Boote, Aaron Prince, Patrick Howlett (TAC)
Team Mad Mayrs : Tyson Mayr (TC), Elijah Mayr, Nick Mayr, Courtney Home, Chris Dixon (TAC)
Team Scouts Australia : Myall Quint (TC), Marni Williams, Bernard Cronan, Benjamin (Ben) Warner, Brett Johnson (TAC)
Team Thunderbolt AR : Dave Schloss (TC), Bernadette Dornom, Elizabeth Dornom, Leo Theoharis, Jan Leverton (TAC)
Belgium
Team To-Get-Ther : Ludo Kaethoven (TC), Debby Urkens, Katrien Aerts, Jurgen Frtizz De Grauwe, Roger Urkens (TAC)
Brazil
Team Atenah Brasil : Shubi-Silvia Guimares (TC), Karina Bacha Lefevre, Nora Audre, Jose Caputo, Jose Pupo (TAC)
Team Vidaraid Adventure : Marco Amselem Rossini (TC), Urtzi Iglesias, Guilherme Pahl, Camila Nicolau, Aritz Bilbao Guerrero (TAC)
Canada
Team Atlas : Alexandre Provost (TC), Karine Corbell, Lars Bukkehave, Mark Sky, Tessa Jennison (TAC)
Team Canada Adventure : Bob Miller (TC), Ryan Atkins, Scott Ford, Rea Kolbl, Wayne Leek (TAC)
Team Peak Pursuit : Benjamin Kwiatkowski (TC), Thomas Hardy, Elora Van Jarrett, Jasper Edge, Laure Lejeune (TAC)
Team True North : Alex Mann (TC), Rebecca Mann, Philip Roadley, Logan Roadley, Jason Gillespie (TAC)
Colombia
Team Colombia : Jorge Diego Llano (TC), Jenny Sanin, Felix Vargas, Xavi Rodriguez Verdes, Jaroslav Najman (TAC)
Costa Rica
Team Costa Rica : Eduardo Baldioceda (TC), Sergio Sanchez, Gerhard Linner, Veronica Bravo, Eric Cano (TAC)
Czech Republic
Team Czech : Jan Cisar (TC), Pavel Paloncy, Tereza Rudolfova, Jan Obuskevic, Libor Kriz (TAC)
Ecuador
Team Epic Ecuador : Amber Laree de Freire (TC), Oswaldo (Ossy) Freire, Diana Artete, Pablo Sandoval, Paul Guerra (TAC)
Estonia
Team Estonian ACE : Silver Eensaar (TC), Timmo Tammemae, Reedvua Tuula-Fjodorov, Rain Eensaar, Arthur Raichmann (TAC)
Fiji
Team Namako : Alivate Logavatu (TC), Petero Manoa, Eroni Takape, Kim Beckinsale, Courtney Nicole Kruse (TAC)
Team Tabu Soro : Uri Kurop (TC), Adam Wade, William Simpson, Anna Cowley, Semiti Tuitoga (TAC)
France
Team France Expenature : Romy “Romulad” Viale (TC), Daphne Derouch, Calais Jean Baptiste, Benjamin Midena, Philippe Marchegay (TAC)
Guatemala
Team Hombres D'Maiz : Netzer Quan (TC), Andres Duarte, Gabriela Molina, Sebastian Lancho, Leopoldo Bolanos (TAC)
India
Team Khukuri Warriors : Tashi Malik (TC), Nungshi Malik, Brandon Fisher, Praveen Singh Rangar, Col VS Malik (TAC)
Ireland
Team Ireland AR : Rob Heffernan (TC), Jason Black, Mark Lattanzi, Rachel Nolan, Ivan Park (TAC)
Israel
Team Israel : Elad Benjamin (TC), Daniel Keren, Ben Enosh, Linur Krigel Tsarfati, Amit Weiner (TAC)
Italy
Team Freemind Italia : Marco Ponteri (TC), Clelia Ponteri, Beppe Scotti, Telemaco Murgia, Tiziano Murgia (TAC)
Japan
Team East Wind : Masato Tanaka (TC), Machiko Nishii, Koki Yasuda, Akira Yonemoto, Masayuki Takahata (TAC)
Mexico
Team Teenek Mexico : Jorge Mendiola (TC), Ulises Gonzalez, Tomas Perez, Kathryn Morland, Fransico Mendiola (TAC)
Team Tollocan Mexico : Alejandro Carretero (TC), Yara Borbon, Fernando Villicana, Jorge Pavon, Adolfo Vela (TAC)
Netherlands
Team Checkpoint Hunters : Tom Oude Nijhuis (TC), Nienke Veenman, Wouter Neven, Rene Wolkorte, Tim Teutelink (TAC)
New Zealand
Team New Zealand : Nathan Fa'avae (TC), Sophie Hart, Stuart Lynch, Chris Forne, Mark Rayward (TAC)
Team Tiki Tour : Tom Lucas (TC), Micheal Kelly, Joanna Williams, George Lucas, Jeremy Warnock (TAC)
Russia
Team Science Winning : Eduard Khalilov (TC), Evgeniya Khalilov, Viktor Sherstiuk, Valeriy Cherkasov, Vyacheslav Obrazstov (TAC)
Spain
Team Meridianoraid Spain : Antonio de la Rosa Suarez (TC), Jesus Bermejo, Pablo Samper, Lucia Funes Mendez, Luis Cabrera (TAC)
Team Summit : Emma Roca (TC), Jukka Pinola, Fran Lopez Costoya, Albert Roca Velazquez, David Rovira Roqueta (TAC)
South Africa
Team Cyanosis : Clinton Mackintosh (TC), Nicholas Mulder, Sarah Fairmaid Clarke, Darren Barry, Steven Burnett (TAC)
Sweden
Team Swedeforce : John Karlsson (TC) , Malin Hjalmarsson, Emil Dahlqvist, Oskar Svärd, Johan Lilja (TAC)
Turkey
Team Turk : Serdar KIlic (TC), Kenan Saran, Mike Saran, Eliska Hudcova, Andac Guven (TAC)
United Arab Emirates
Team Eco DXB : Emma Taylor (TC), Khalifa Algharfi, Ali Monguno, Ivana Kolaric, Peter Langley (TAC)
United Kingdom
Team UK Adventurers : Kevin Stephens (TC), Joseph Selby, Nathalie Long, Tim Stephens, Gill Watson (TAC)
United States
Team Able Abels : Dan Abel (TC), Ashley Abel, Lauren Abel, Fletcher Hammel, Allison Abel (TAC)
Team AR Georgia : Thomas Ambrose (TC), Katie Ferrington, Jeff Leininger, Hunter Leininger, Jeni Mcneal (TAC)
Team Bend Racing : Jason Magness (TC), Melissa Coombes, Stephen Thomas, Daniel Staudigel, Darren Steinbach (TAC)
Team Bones Adventure : Roy Malone (TC), Mari Chandlar, Charles Triponez, Jen Segger, David Egbert (TAC)
Team Canyoneros : HIen Nguyen (TC), Greg Watson, Nathan Whitaker, Lena Mcknight, Steven Geer (TAC)
Team Checkpoint Zero : Shane Hagerman (TC), Christopher Von Ins, Peter Jolles, Michele Hobson, Micheal Seroczynski (TAC)
Team Curl : Jennifer Hemmen (TC), Justin Smith, Brett Gravlin, Steven Lenhart, Jeff Failers (TAC)
Team Eagle Scouts : Eric Lillistorm (TC), Matthew Moniz, Katie Hancock, Corey Mullins, Charley Walton (TAC)
Team Endure : Travis Macy (TC), Mark Macy, Danelle Ballengee, Shane Sigle, Andrew Speers (TAC)
Team Flying J : Dianette Wells (TC), Guy LaRocque, Harald Zundel, Blain Reeves, Brian Johnson (TAC)
Team Iron Cowboy : Sonja Wieck (TC), James Lawrence, Shaun Christian, Aaron Hopkinson, Joe Morton (TAC)
Team Nika : Jeffery Bates (TC), Kara Haun, Ashley Andrews, John Bender, Keria Galan (TAC)
Team Onyx : Clifton Lyles (TC), Corree Aussem-Woltering, Samantha Scipio, Chirss Smith, Mikayla Lyless (TAC)
Team Out There : Mike Kloser (TC), Josiah Middaugh, Gretchen Reeves, Gordon Townsend, Neil Jones (TAC)
Team Peak Traverse : Ryan Opray (TC), Tim Cannard, Mikayla Wingle, Daniel Bussius, Stephen Morrow (TAC)
Team Regulators : Steven Bell (TC), Joshua Watkins, Heather Gustafson, Crista Jorgensen, Jason Hull (TAC)
Team Stray Dogs : Marshall Ulrich (TC), Adrian Crane, Bob Haugh, Nancy Bristow, Heather Ulrich (TAC)
Team Strong Machine: Cliff White (TC), Kate White, Starker White, Michael Garrison, John McInnes (TAC)
Team Sundance Kids : Chase McMillian (TC), Scott Ward, Sylvia Greer, Aaron Smith, Jason Serman (TAC)
Team Super Fighters : Heather Flebb (TC), Cary Flebbe, Sean Martin, Micheal Nicolaides, Danny Trudeau (TAC)
Team Unbroken : Hal Riley (TC), Gretchen Evans, Dr. Anne Bailey, Keith Mitchell Knoop, Cale Yarborough (TAC)
Team US Military : Joshua Forester (TC), Caitlin Thorn, Jesse Tubb, Jesse Sprangler, Kevin Howser (TAC)
Uruguay
Team Chips Adventure : Nicolas Davyt (TC), Luis Enrique Gomez, David Vega, Alejandra Isabella, Ernesto Parra (TAC)
Team Uruguay Natural : Ruben Mandure (TC), Fredrica Frontini, Gonzalo Smaldone, Thiago Bonini, Laura Moratorio (TAC)
Final Standings
Teams that did not finish
The following 22 teams failed to finish for a variety of reasons:
References
External links
2020s American reality television series
2020 American television series debuts
2020 American television series endings
Reality competition television series
Adventure reality television series
Amazon Prime Video original programming
English-language television shows
Television series created by Mark Burnett
Television series by Amazon Studios
Television shows filmed in Fiji
Television shows set in Fiji
The stoplight loosejaws are small, deep-sea dragonfishes of the genus Malacosteus, classified either within the subfamily Malacosteinae of the family Stomiidae, or in the separate family Malacosteidae. They are found worldwide, outside of the Arctic and Subantarctic, in the mesopelagic zone below a depth of . This genus once contained three nominal species: M. niger (the type), M. choristodactylus, and M. danae, with the validity of the latter two species being challenged by different authors at various times. In 2007, Kenaley examined over 450 stoplight loosejaw specimens and revised the genus to contain two species, M. niger and the new M. australis.
Malacosteus and the related genera Aristostomias, Chirostomias and Pachystomias are the only fishes that produce red bioluminescence. As most of their prey organisms are not capable of perceiving light at those wavelengths, this allows Malacosteus to hunt with an essentially invisible beam of light. Furthermore, Malacosteus is unique amongst animals in using a chlorophyll derivative to perceive red light. The name Malacosteus is derived from the Greek malakos meaning "soft" and osteon meaning "bone". Another common name for these fishes is "rat-trap fish", from the unusual open structure of their jaws.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Malacosteus australis Kenaley, 2007 (Southern stoplight loosejaw)
Malacosteus niger Ayres, 1848 (Stoplight loosejaw)
Distribution and habitat
These fishes have a wide distribution in all oceans: M. niger is found between 66° N and 33° S, except for the Mediterranean Sea, while M. australis is found in the southern transition zone between 25° to 45° S, where it is bound by the Antarctic Circumpolar Current. M. niger appears to be replaced by M. australis south of 30° S, while M. australis does not occur north of that latitude outside of the Indian Ocean and the Indo-Australian Archipelago. Both species are usually found below a depth of in midwater. They are the only known stomiids that do not seem to conduct significant diel vertical migrations.
Description
Malacosteus has an elongated body with short, blunt snouts and large eyes that face forward, granting binocular vision. Unlike other stomiids, it has a single round nostril on each side in front of the eye. Relative to its size, Malacosteus has one of the widest gapes of any fish, with a lower jaw measuring one-quarter of the fish's length. The lower jaw has no ethmoid membrane (floor) and is attached only by the hinge and a modified tongue bone. There are several large, fang-like teeth in the front of the jaws, followed by many small barbed teeth. There are several groups of pharyngeal teeth that serve to direct food down the esophagus.
The pectoral and pelvic fins are moderately long, containing 3-4 and 6 fin rays respectively. The dorsal and anal fins are placed far back on the body and contain 18-20 and 19-22 rays respectively. The caudal fin is small, with the lower lobe larger than the upper. There are three bioluminescent photophores near the eyes: beneath the eye is a large, teardrop-shaped suborbital photophore that emits red light. Behind it is an ovoid postorbital photophore that emits green light; this photophore is larger in males than females. These red and green photophores are evocative of traffic lights, hence the fish's common name. The third is tiny and round, located between the eye and the large red photophore. Several rows and clusters of blue photophores are present on the sides and belly. In addition, there are small photophores and accessory areas of white luminous tissue scattered over the head and body. The skin is thin and scaleless; the coloration is black.
Biology and ecology
As long wavelengths of light (i.e. red) do not reach the deep sea from the surface, many deep-sea organisms are insensitive to red wavelengths, and so to these creatures red-colored objects appear black. The red photophore of Malacosteus thus allows it to illuminate prey without being detected. These fishes exhibit a number of adaptations for feeding on large prey. The "open" structure of its jaws reduces water resistance, allowing them to be snapped shut more quickly, while large recurved teeth and powerful jaw closing muscles assure a secure hold on prey items. The connection between the head and the body is reduced, with unossified vertebrae, allowing the cranium to be tilted back and the jaws thrust forward for a wider gape. Finally, the gills are exposed to the outside, allowing the fish to continue respiring while slowly swallowing large prey.
However, contrary to its apparent morphological specialization, the diet of Malacosteus consists primarily of zooplankton, chiefly large calanoid copepods, with smaller numbers of krill, shrimps, and fishes. It is yet unclear how Malacosteus captures such small planktonic prey given the open structure of its mouth. The unexpected diet of Malacosteus is theorized to be a result of the small volumes that it searches for food, in which large prey items are rare. The rapid attenuation of red light in seawater gives Malacosteus a shorter visual range than species that use blue light, and it does not migrate vertically into more productive waters like other stomiids. Therefore, its strategy may be one of "snacking" on copepods, which are three orders of magnitude more abundant than fishes at its native depths, in between larger meals.
The other factor believed to be partly responsible for Malacosteus''' diet is its unique visual system, which uses a derivative of chlorophyll as a photosensitizer that absorbs long-wave light (around 700 nm) and then indirectly stimulates the fish's two visual pigments, which have maximum absorbances at only 520 and 540 nm. No vertebrates are known to synthesize chlorophyll derivatives, and Malacosteus is believed to obtain these derivatives from the copepods it consumes. The red photophore of Malacosteus'' consists of a pigmented sac with a reflective inner lining and an internal mass of gland cells. Inside the gland cells, blue-green light is produced via the same chemical reaction found in other stomiids, which is then absorbed by a protein that fluoresces in a broad red band. This light is then reflected out through the photophore aperture, where it passes through a brown filter, yielding a far-red light with a maximum absorbance at 708 nm (almost infrared). In live fish, the suborbital and postorbital photophores both flash vigorously, the suborbital at a slower rate.
References
Stomiidae
Deep sea fish
Taxa named by William Orville Ayres
Ray-finned fish genera
Henry Lamdin Benson (July 6, 1854 – October 16, 1921) was an American politician and jurist in the state of Oregon. They were the 44th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court, serving from 1915 to 1921 on the state's highest court. They were chosen as Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives for the 1897 regular session of the 19th Oregon Legislative Assembly, but a dispute between two rival factions in the House prevented the body from organizing for that session. (E. J. Davis was chosen as Speaker by the other faction.) Henry's younger brother was Oregon Governor Frank W. Benson.
Early life
Henry Benson was born in Stockton, California on July 6, 1854. Benson was born to Matilda Williamson Benson and Henry Clark Benson. By 1858 the family was living in San Jose, California, where their brother Frank was born. The family later moved to Portland, Oregon where the younger Henry was educated in Portland schools and at Portland Academy. However, for college they returned to California where they earned a degree in 1873 from the College of the Pacific in San Jose. Three years later they were admitted to practice law in California. That same year they married Susie E. Dougherty, with whom they would have six children. Then in 1880 they returned to Oregon where they became the principal of the Drain Normal School before later serving as the superintendent of schools for Grants Pass, Oregon. In 1886, they passed the Oregon bar and practiced in Salem until 1891 when they went back to Grants Pass.
Political career
In 1892, they were selected as the district attorney for a large portion of southwestern Oregon. Then in 1896 they were elected to the Oregon House of Representatives as a Republican representing Josephine County. During the 1897 legislature they were selected as Speaker of the House, but they were only selected by one faction of the house during a House session where the House never officially organized nor conducted any official business. Then from 1898 to 1907 Benson served as a circuit court judge in southwestern Oregon counties.
In 1914, Henry Benson ran for a position on the Oregon Supreme Court held by Charles L. McNary. Benson won by a single vote. They then started their six-year term in 1915 and won re-election in 1920. Henry L. Benson then died in office on October 16, 1921.
Other
The Judge Henry L. Benson House in Klamath Falls is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Benson moved to Klamath Falls in 1898 to comply with requirement that one of two judges of the four-county circuit court district live east of the Cascades. They were re-elected to the circuit court in 1904 and served until 1915 when they became a state supreme court justice.
References
Justices of the Oregon Supreme Court
Oregon state court judges
Politicians from Stockton, California
University of the Pacific (United States) alumni
Speakers of the Oregon House of Representatives
1854 births
1921 deaths
Oregon Republicans
District attorneys in Oregon
Visionary is a 1976 studio album by guitarist Gordon Giltrap.
The music is inspired by the words of poet William Blake. Side one by the illustration "The Day of Judgement" and the poem "The Last Judgement". Side two by the poems and illustrations as titled.
Track listing
All music composed by Gordon Giltrap
Side one
"Awakening" – 3:01
"Robes and Crowns" – 1:23
"From The Four Winds" – 3:30
"Lucifer's Cage" – 4:07
"Revelation" – 3:45
Side two
"The Price of Experience" – 2:22
"The Dance of Albion" – 1:57
"The Tyger" – 2:00
"The Echoing Green" – 2:02
"London" – 3:01
"Night" – 3:52
bonus tracks for Voiceprint 1999CD
"On Wings of Hope" – 3:10
"Jerusalem" – 3:28
"Visionary" (original version) – 15:19
Personnel
Gordon Giltrap - guitars (Fylde 12-string acoustic, John Bailey 6-string acoustic, double neck 6- and 12-string electric)
Rod Edwards - keyboards
John G. Perry - bass
Simon Phillips - drums
with:
R.W. "Butch" Hudson - trumpet
Henry Lowther - trumpet
Chris Pyne - trombone
Chris Mercer - alto and tenor saxophone
Jeff Daly - baritone saxophone
Tony Carr - percussion
Roger Hand - percussion
Shirlie Roden - vocals
Strings led by Patrick Halling; George Hamer - contractor
Music by Gordon Giltrap – inspired by the works of William Blake
Arranged by Rod Edwards and Roger Hand; except "From the Four Winds" arranged by Joel Lazar
Recorded between October 1975 and June 1976 at Sound Associate Studios
Engineered by Gareth Edwards
Mastered by Harry Fisher at Decca Studios
References
External links
Gordon Giltrap
[ Visionary]
1976 albums
Gordon Giltrap albums
Mandegan (, also Romanized as Māndegān; also known as Māndegān-e Soflá and Namdagūn) is a village in Padena-ye Sofla Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 894, in 201 families.
References
Populated places in Semirom County
was a prominent and reputed leader of the Saika Ikki throughout the latter years of the Sengoku period of feudal Japan. They were also referred to as Suzuki Sadayū (佐大夫), and one of the men who use the nickname Saika Magoichi.
 They are Shigehide and Shigetomo's father (though the former is disputed). Since records regarding the first half of their life are scant, it is speculated that they traveled as a mercenary. They were employed by the Hatakeyama clan and was a major contributor for repelling the Miyoshi clan. Their reputation as a fearsome warrior began to spread and they became a kokujin in the area. When the Miyoshi clan were being attacked by Oda Nobunaga in 1570, the Ishiyama Hongan-ji mob assisted the resistance against the conqueror. Shigeoki came to their aid and led 600 riflemen into battle. Their efforts won them fame when they injured one of Nobunaga's valued generals, Sassa Narimasa. Kennyo continued to count on Shigeoki's reinforcements. During this time, Nobunaga was said to have called them "Kennyo's left and right-hand man".
During the Battle of Komaki and Nagakute, Shigeoki aided Tokugawa Ieyasu and surrendered to Toyotomi Hideyoshi's vast army after the battle's conclusion. Though they swore to serve Hideyoshi, Tōdō Takatora suspected that keeping a formidable enemy within their ranks was too risky to trust. Therefore, Shigeoki was sentenced to commit suicide. They died when they were 75. Their four sons survived him. Their names were Shigekane, Shigehide, Yoshikane, and Shigetomo.
External links
Sadayu at SamuraiWiki
1511 births
1585 deaths
16th-century Japanese people
A referendum on legalising casino establishments was held in Palau on 22 June 2011. The proposal was rejected by 75.5% of voters.
Results
References
2011 referendums
Palauan casino referendum, 2011
Palauan casino referendum, 2011
Gambling referendums
This is a list of earthquakes in 1971. Only magnitude 6.0 or greater earthquakes appear on the list. Lower magnitude events are included if they have caused death, injury or damage. Events which occurred in remote areas will be excluded from the list as they wouldn't have generated significant media interest. All dates are listed according to UTC time. Maximum intensities are indicated on the Mercalli intensity scale and are sourced from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) ShakeMap data. Like the previous year, 1971 had heightened seismic activity. 20 earthquakes exceeded magnitude 7 with 2 of those measuring above magnitude 8. Both of the magnitude 8 events happened within a 12-day span in July in Papua New Guinea. A fairly robust aftershock sequence followed which contributed to the number of magnitude 7+ events. Chile, Russia and Indonesia had significant events during the year. The deadliest earthquake accounting for the vast majority of the 1,290 fatalities occurred in Turkey in May. 1,000 died in this event coming not long after another deadly event elsewhere in the country. In February, Los Angeles, California was jolted by one of its largest events resulting in 65 deaths.
Overall
By death toll
Note: At least 10 casualties
By magnitude
Note: At least 7.0 magnitude
Notable events
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
References
1971
Lists of 20th-century earthquakes
The acronym BSAT or B-SAT may mean:
Biological Select Agents and Toxin (BSAT), usually called Select agent
Boolean satisfiability problem (B-SAT or BSAT), a problem in computer science
Broadcasting Satellite System Corporation (B-SAT), a Japanese corporation
Slivilești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Cojmănești, Miculești, Slivilești, Strâmtu, Sura, Șiacu, Știucani and Tehomir.
Natives
Dumitru Carlaonț
Ioan Carlaonț
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Howmeh or Humeh () may refer to:
Humeh, Isfahan
Howmeh, Kerman
Humeh, Lorestan
Howmeh District
Howmeh Rural District (disambiguation)
Liezel Marie Arintoc Lopez (born October 2, 1997) is a Filipino actor. They were a finalist at the sixth season of reality talent competition, Starstruck in 2016, and has been signed to GMA Artist Center. They joined the cast of Bubble Gang alongside fellow contestants Analyn Barro and Arra San Agustin.
Life and career
Prior to joining StarStruck, Lopez was a theater actor and model in their hometown, Olongapo City. Due to financial hardships and their dream to become an actor, Lopez joined Starstruck, where their prowess in acting earned them a spot in the Final 14. After being eliminated alongside Avery Paraiso, they signed an exclusive contract with GMA Artist Center.
Filmography
Television Series
Television Anthologies
References
1997 births
Living people
Filipino television actores
Filipino female dancers
GMA Network personalities
StarStruck (Philippine TV series) participants
Actresses from Zambales
People from Olongapo
Tagalog people
El Salvador competed at the 2013 World Games held in Cali, Colombia. Two competitors represented El Salvador; they both competed in the men's compound archery event.
Medalists
Archery
Roberto Hernández won the bronze medal in the men's compound event. Jorge Jiménez also competed in the men's compound event.
References
Nations at the 2013 World Games
2013 in Salvadoran sport
2013
Dress Like Your Idols is the fourth full-length album by indie rock band BOAT, released in 2011. It is the follow up to the band's 2009 album, Setting the Paces.
Reception
Dress Like Your Idols received largely positive reviews from critics. AllMusic's Tim Sendra praised the album saying, "Dress Like is their best record to date, with their best songs" and the songs have "super hooks." Pitchfork Media's Mark Hogan claimed, "The result is the best album yet from a band whose style finally appears to be back in vogue" and compared the album's sound to Surfer Blood and Weezer.
Album cover
The album cover received acclaim, including being named one of the best of the year by Paste Magazine. The cover artwork features illustrated tributes to several other album covers, a wink at the title Dress Like Your Idols. From top to bottom, left to right, the tributes are:
Built to Spill, Keep It Like a Secret
Ramones, End of the Century
The Long Winters, When I Pretend to Fall
Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Orange
The Velvet Underground, The Velvet Underground & Nico
The Sonics, Boom (or Sonic Youth, Washing Machine on some versions)
Pearl Jam, Yield
Elliott Smith, Figure 8
Pavement, Wowee Zowee
Track listing
"Changing of the Guard" – 2:48
"Bite My Lips" – 3:09
"King Kong" – 3:15
"L-O-V-E" – 0:47
"Forever in Armitron" – 3:07
"Classically Trained" – 2:38
"Water It Down" – 0:47
"Kinda Scared of Love Affairs" – 2:38
"Landlocked" – 3:04
"Do the Double Take" – 1:50
"Frank Black Says" – 2:15
"Noises in the Night" – 2:45
"Dress Like Your Idols" – 2:25
Personnel
D. Crane, vocals and guitar
J. Goodman, multi-instrumentalist, percussion
J. Long, drums, percussion, vocals
M. McKenzie, bass, guitar, vocals
B. Stewart, guitar, tambourine
J. Roderick, additional vocal (9)
Recording
Jackson Justice Long, producer, recording, mixing (7, 10)
Cam Nicklaus, mixing, recording
Ed Brooks, mastering
D. Crane, recording (10)
J. Mendoza, additional recording (10)
References
2011 albums
Möhrendorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the river Regnitz and the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal.
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
The 2010 AFC U-19 Championship was the 36th edition of the tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation.
Qualification for the tournament started in October 2009 with the finals tournament being hosted in October 2010.
The AFC recommended China as the host for the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship Finals, which was subject to approval on 9 February 2010 and confirmed the hosting right's and finals venue of Zibo on 18 February 2010. The top four teams qualified for the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Host cities and venues
Qualification Competition
Qualifiers
Draw
The draw for the AFC U-19 Championship 2010 was held on 9 May 2010 in Zibo, China.
Squads
Group stage
All times are China Standard Time (CST) - UTC+08:00.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout Stages
All times are China Standard Time (CST) - UTC+08:00.
Knockout Map
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Winners
Awards
Goalscorers
7 goals
Kerem Bulut
6 goals
Ahmed Khalil
5 goals
Jong Il-gwan
4 goals
Hiroshi Ibusuki
3 goals
Takashi Usami
Pak Song-Chol
2 goals
Matthew Fletcher
Mustafa Amini
Jin Jingdao
Wu Lei
Kaveh Rezaei
Ryo Nagai
Ji Dong-won
Jung Seung-yong
1 goal
Mathew Leckie
Kofi Danning
Dylan McGowan
Terry Antonis
Saad Al Amer
Tan Tiancheng
Zhu Jianrong
Ali Abas
Mitsunari Musaka
Mahmoud Za'tara
Jang Kuk-chol
Jang Song-hyok
Ri Hyong-jin
Ri Hyok-chol
Mohammed Majrashi
Yahya Dagriri
Yasser Al-Fahmi
Abdullah Otayf
Fahad Al-Johani
Hwang Do-yeon
Kim Kyung-jung
Radwan Kalaji
Sokjono Pattana
Temurkhuja Abdukholiqov
Omar Abdulrahman
Abdumutallib Abdullayev
Akram Bahritdinov
Sardor Mirzaev
Pavel Smolyachenko
Lê Quốc Phương
Ahmed Al-Baidhani
1 own goal
Ali Bahjat (playing against Bahrain)
Abdel-Aziz Saraweh (playing against Vietnam)
Adan Rashid (playing against Japan)
Countries to participate in 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup
Top-4 team qualified for 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
References
External links
"AFC U-19 Championship schedule". The-AFC.com. 15 July 2010.
AFC U-19 Championship
U-19 Championship
International association football competitions hosted by China
2010 in Chinese football
2010 in youth association football
"Precambrian rabbits" or "fossil rabbits in the Precambrian" are reported to have been among responses given by the biologist J. B. S. Haldane when asked what evidence could destroy their confidence in the theory of evolution and the field of study. The answers became popular imagery in debates about evolution and the scientific field of evolutionary biology in the 1990s. Many of Haldane's statements about their scientific research were popularized in their lifetime.
Some accounts use this response to rebut claims that the theory of evolution is not falsifiable by any empirical evidence. This followed an assertion by philosopher, Karl Popper, who had proposed that falsifiability is an essential feature of a scientific theory. Popper also expressed doubts about the scientific status of evolutionary theory, although they later concluded that the field of study was genuinely scientific.
Rabbits are mammals. From the perspective of the philosophy of science, it is doubtful whether the genuine discovery of mammalian fossils in Precambrian rocks would overthrow the theory of evolution instantly, though if authentic, such a discovery would indicate serious errors in modern understanding about the evolutionary process. Mammals are a class of animals whose emergence in the geologic timescale is dated to much later than any found in Precambrian strata. Geological records indicate that although the first true mammals appeared in the Triassic period, modern mammalian orders appeared in the Palaeocene and Eocene epochs of the Palaeogene period. Hundreds of millions of years separate this period from the Precambrian.
Origin of the phrase
Several authors have written that J. B. S. Haldane (1892–1964) said that the discovery of a fossil rabbit in Precambrian rocks would be enough to destroy their belief in evolution. However these references date from the 1990s or later. In 1996 Michael J. Benton cited the 1993 edition of Mark Ridley's book Evolution, Richard Dawkins wrote in 2005 that Haldane was responding to a challenge by a "Popperian zealot". In 2004 Richa Arora wrote that the story was told by John Maynard Smith (1920–2004) in a television programme. John Maynard Smith attributed the phrase to Haldane in a conversation with Paul Harvey in the early 1970s.
Theoretical background
The philosopher Karl Popper held that any scientific proposition must be falsifiable, in other words it must at least be possible to imagine some reproducible experiment or observation whose outcome would disprove the hypothesis. Initially they thought that Charles Darwin's theory of natural selection (often summarized as "the survival of the fittest") was untestable in this sense, and therefore "almost tautological." Popper later changed their view, concluding that the theory of natural selection is falsifiable and that Darwin's own example of the peacock's tail had disproved one extreme variation of it, that all evolution is driven by natural selection. Although in 1978 Popper wrote that their earlier objection had been specifically to the theory of natural selection, in lectures and articles from 1949 to 1974 they had stated that "Darwinism" or "Darwin's theory of evolution" was a "metaphysical research programme" because it was not falsifiable. In fact they continued to express dissatisfaction with contemporary statements of the theory of evolution which focused on population genetics, the study of the relative frequencies of alleles (different forms of the same gene). Unfortunately some of the adjustments they proposed resembled Lamarckianism or saltationism, evolutionary theories that were and still are considered obsolete, and evolutionary biologists therefore disregarded their criticisms. In 1981 Popper complained that they had been misinterpreted as saying that "historical sciences" such as paleontology or the history of evolution of life on Earth were not genuine sciences, when in fact they believed they could make falsifiable predictions.
Further confusion arose in 1980–1981, when there was a long debate in the pages of Nature about the scientific status of the theory of evolution. Specifically, the argument was on the factors influencing and nature of the unit of selection in the genome, with one side positing natural selection, and the other, neutral mutation. Neither of the parties seriously doubted that the theory was both scientific and, according to current scientific knowledge, true. Some participants objected to statements that appeared to present the theory of evolution as an absolute dogma, however, rather than as a hypothesis that so far has performed very well, and both sides quoted Popper in support of their positions. Evolution critics such as Phillip E. Johnson took this as an opportunity to declare that the theory of evolution was unscientific.
Would anachronistic fossils disprove evolution?
Evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins said that the discovery of fossil mammals in Precambrian rocks would "completely blow evolution out of the water." Philosopher Peter Godfrey-Smith doubted that a single set of anachronistic fossils, however, even rabbits in the Precambrian, would disprove the theory of evolution outright. The first question raised by the assertion of such a discovery would be whether the alleged "Precambrian rabbits" really were fossilized rabbits. Alternative interpretations might include incorrect identification of the "fossils", incorrect dating of the rocks, and a hoax such as the Piltdown Man was shown to be. Even if the "Precambrian rabbits" turned out to be genuine, they would not instantly refute the theory of evolution, because that theory is a large package of ideas, including: that life on Earth has evolved over billions of years; that this evolution is driven by certain mechanisms; and that these mechanisms have produced a specific "family tree" that defines the relationships among species and the order in which they appeared. Hence, "Precambrian rabbits" would prove that there were one or more serious errors somewhere in this package, and the next task would be to identify those errors.
Benton pointed out that, in the short term, scientists often have to accept the existence of competing hypotheses, each of which explains large parts—but not all—of the observed relevant data.
Oldest rabbit
Genuine fossils of the earliest rabbits are from the Eocene Epoch, about 56 million years to 33.9 million years ago. Members of the genus Gomphos are established to be the phylogenetic root of lagomorph rabbits and hares. To date, the oldest Gomphos is G. elkema discovered in 2008 from Gujarat, India. The fossil is dated to 53 million years old.
See also
Out-of-place artifact
Paluxy River – became famous in the 1930s when locals found dinosaur and supposed human footprints in the same rock layer.
References
Fictional rabbits and hares
Evolutionary biology
History of evolutionary biology
Philosophy of biology
Hypothetical life forms
Norman Dale Ellenberger (August 2, 1932 – November 15, 2015) was an American football, basketball, and baseball player and coach. They were head coach of the University of New Mexico Lobo basketball team from 1972 to 1979, winning Western Athletic Conference championships in 1974 and 1978 and compiling an overall record of 134–62 (.684). Their former players included future National Basketball Association (NBA) defensive stand-out Michael Cooper, who helped lead the 1977–78 team that was ranked as high as No. 5 nationally. Ellenberger was dismissed as Lobo head coach due to a recruiting scandal known as "Lobogate".
Ellenberger later became lead assistant coach under Don Haskins at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) from 1986 to 1990 and under Bobby Knight at Indiana University from 1990 to 2000. They served as an assistant for the Chicago Bulls of the NBA from 2000 to 2003 and then coached boys' and girls' high school basketball in Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. They were an assistant for the New York Liberty of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) during the 2012–13 season before returning to high school coaching in Michigan.
Early career
Ellenberger graduated in 1955 from Butler University, where they played for basketball coaching legend Tony Hinkle. Ellenberger was also captain and all-conference player on the football team, and they pitched a no-hitter on the baseball team. In 2012, they were inducted into the Butler Athletic Hall of Fame. After a brief stint in the Pittsburgh Pirates organization, they taught science and coached basketball and other sports from 1957 to 1964 at New Haven High, near the Indiana farm where they grew up.
In 1964 Ellenberger began coaching at Monmouth College in western Illinois, where they led the football, basketball, and baseball teams at one point. Their basketball teams compiled a record of 30–36, including a 14–8 campaign in 1965–66.
New Mexico
On April 13, 1967, Ellenberger was hired as lead assistant by head coach Bob King at the University of New Mexico. Under King, the Lobos had run a highly methodical offense, controlling game tempo by emphasizing defense. King gave Ellenberger leeway to open up the offense with a more balanced attack. Despite losing key players to graduation, the 1967–68 Lobos won the Western Athletic Conference (WAC) championship and made the first NCAA tournament appearance in school history. In March 1972, King was named assistant athletic director, and Ellenberger was promoted to head coach. King left the following year to become athletic director and later head coach at Indiana State University.
Under Ellenberger, the Lobos won WAC championships in 1974 and 1978 and compiled an overall record of 134–62 (.684). The team's success, along with their energy and enthusiasm, made Ellenberger highly popular among Lobo fans. They became a local celebrity in Albuquerque, a restaurateur and man-about-town, earning the nickname "Stormin' Norman" for their flashy attire, fiery coaching style, and flamboyant personality. The Lobos were frequently ranked among the top 25 in the nation under Ellenberger, and attendance for Lobo games at The Pit was regularly among the top four in college basketball. The 1973–74 team won the WAC championship and became the first Lobo squad to win an NCAA tournament game. The 1977–78 team was their best at New Mexico, led by Michael Cooper, who went on to become one of the greatest defensive players in NBA history. The Lobos were ranked for most of the season, peaking at No. 5, winning the WAC championship, and reaching the NCAA tournament. Ellenberger was voted runner-up for the US Basketball Writers Coach of the Year award.
The turning point in Ellenberger's career came with the "Lobogate" recruiting scandal, involving forged academic transcripts, payments made for bogus Junior College credits, and other devices to attain eligibility for players who lacked academic credentials. In an investigation into illegal gambling, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had placed a wiretap on the phone of a major Lobo booster. While Ellenberger was visiting this booster, in November 1979, they took a call on the tapped phone from an assistant coach. They discussed an arrangement to transfer bogus credits from a California Junior College to the office of the UNM registrar. Based on this conversation, the FBI launched an investigation into the recruiting activities of Lobo coaches. Ellenberger was fired on December 17, 1979. The investigation led to a federal indictment of Ellenberger on seven counts of fraud and forgery of academic transcripts, but they were acquitted of those charges at trial. In July 1981, however, they were convicted by a state District Court on 21 of 22 counts of fraud and submitting false public vouchers. The judge deferred sentence, placing Ellenberger on unsupervised probation for a year, and all counts were formally dismissed in 1983. The NCAA investigation into the scandal found 34 violations of recruiting rules, and the Lobo program was placed on probation and banned from post-season appearances for three years.
Later career
Despite the scandal, Ellenberger remained popular with many Lobo fans. They continued to live in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where they owned a restaurant, appeared in TV commercials, coached the city's Continental Basketball Association team and a women's professional team, and continued to attend Lobo games. Some fans felt they had been unfairly dismissed and even wanted them to be rehired as coach of the Lobos.<ref name=Holbreich>Curt Holbreich, [http://articles.latimes.com/1988-01-14/sports/sp-35876_1_lobo-games Lobos Going From Pit Toward the Penthouse], L.A. Times, Jan. 14, 1988.</ref> Their ability as a basketball coach had never been in question, and in 1986, former rival and longtime friend Don Haskins hired Ellenberger as their lead assistant at University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP), where they coached for four years, even serving as interim head coach for one season while Haskins was side-lined due to health problems. Another longtime friend, Bobby Knight, hired Ellenberger as their lead assistant at Indiana University, where they coached for ten seasons, from 1990 to 2000.Mark Smith, Give Him Liberty, Albuquerque Journal, Apr. 1, 2012.
Ellenberger spent the following three seasons as an assistant to Tim Floyd with the Chicago Bulls of the NBA. While in Chicago, Ellenberger became enamored with the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and bought a lakeside cabin near Watersmeet. In 2003, they accepted a position as head coach of the girls' basketball team at Lakeland Union High School in nearby Minocqua, Wisconsin, leaving at the end of the 2004–05 school year. They then coached at the Conserve School in Land O' Lakes, Wisconsin. In 2009, they became assistant coach at Northland Pines High School in Eagle River, Wisconsin. They won Coach of the Year in three different districts during those years, and in 2011–12 they led the Watersmeet Lady Nimrods to the Porcupine Mountain Conference title. Later in 2012, they became an assistant coach for the New York Liberty of the WNBA. They then returned to Watersmeet and coached the Lady Nimrods through the 2014–15 season. They had signed as an assistant coach at another high school nearby just before their death. Their love of basketball led them to continue coaching, but they had a similar passion for the outdoors, regularly fishing, canoeing, and chopping wood at their lake shore cabin.
Ellenberger can be seen briefly in the 1994 movie, Blue Chips, squatting in a timeout huddle next to Bobby Knight. They also appear in an episode of the 2007 documentary series, Nimrod Nation'', aired on the Sundance Channel, as an assistant coach for the Watersmeet Nimrods, the subject of the series.
Death
Ellenberger died in their sleep at their cabin in Watersmeet, Michigan on November 15, 2015, at the age of 83.
Head coaching record
College football
College basketball
References
External links
1932 births
2015 deaths
American men's basketball players
American women's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Baseball players from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Basketball players from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Butler Bulldogs baseball players
Butler Bulldogs football players
Butler Bulldogs men's basketball players
Chicago Bulls assistant coaches
Continental Basketball Association coaches
High school basketball coaches in Indiana
Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball coaches
Monmouth Fighting Scots baseball coaches
Monmouth Fighting Scots men's basketball coaches
Monmouth Fighting Scots football coaches
New Mexico Lobos men's basketball coaches
New York Liberty coaches
Players of American football from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Sportspeople from Fort Wayne, Indiana
UTEP Miners men's basketball coaches
Jayne Baxter (born 5 November 1955) is a Scottish Labour Party politician. They were a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the Mid Scotland and Fife region from 2012 to 2016. They succeeded John Park when they resigned their list seat to take up a position with the Community trades union.
A lifelong resident of Fife, they graduated from Edinburgh Napier University in 1995. They currently serve as constituency agent for Mid Scotland and Fife MSP Alex Rowley.
Baxter was Labour's second candidate on the Scotland constituency list in the 2019 European Parliament election.
References
External links
Jayne Baxter profile at Scottish Labour website
1955 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Fife
Alumni of Edinburgh Napier University
Councillors in Fife
Scottish Labour councillors
Labour MSPs
Members of the Scottish Parliament 2011–2016
Female members of the Scottish Parliament
Women councillors in Scotland
Greeley County (county code GL) is a county located in western Kansas, in the Central United States. Its county seat and largest city is Tribune. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,284, the least populous county in Kansas. As of 2018, it is tied with Wallace County as the least densely populated County in the state. The county is named after Horace Greeley of Chappaqua, New York, editor of the New York Tribune. Greeley encouraged western settlement with the motto "Go West, young man".
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1873, Greeley County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , all of which is land. It is the largest of five United States counties and twelve (Virginia) independent cities that officially have no water area.
Adjacent counties
Wallace County (north)
Wichita County (east/Central Time border)
Hamilton County (south)
Prowers County, Colorado (southwest)
Kiowa County, Colorado (west)
Cheyenne County, Colorado (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 1,534 people, 602 households, and 414 families residing in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 712 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0.4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.09% White, 0.26% Native American, 0.20% Black or African American, 0.13% Pacific Islander, 0.07% Asian, 5.22% from other races, and 1.04% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.54% of the population.
There were 602 households, out of which 34.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.10% were married couples living together, 4.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.20% were non-families. 28.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.20% under the age of 18, 6.80% from 18 to 24, 27.30% from 25 to 44, 19.90% from 45 to 64, and 17.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 98.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,605, and the median income for a family was $45,625. Males had a median income of $29,018 versus $18,984 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,974. About 8.20% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.20% of those under age 18 and 6.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
County
As of January 1, 2009, Greeley County and the City of Tribune have operated as a unified government. The resulting government consists of a five-member commission with two members elected by city residents, two by rural residents, and one at-large. Similar to Wyandotte County, the only other consolidated city-county in the state, part of the county was not included: Horace decided against consolidation.
Presidential elections
This county is often carried by Republican candidates, as are the most rural western Kansas counties. The last time a Democratic candidate won the county was in 1976, and a Democratic candidate has only won the county three times in its history: 1932 (Franklin D. Roosevelt), 1964 (Lyndon B. Johnson), and most recently in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.
Laws
The Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters. Greeley County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2008, when voters approved to allow sales of liquor by the drink.
Education
Unified school districts
Greeley County USD 200
Communities
Cities
Horace
Tribune
Ghost Towns
Astor
Colokan
Hector
Walkinghood
Whitelaw
Townships
Greeley County was previously divided into three townships. However, in 1992, Colony Township and Harrison Township were merged into Tribune Township, leaving only one township for the county. This was not reported to the U.S. census until 2006, thus the 2000 census did not reflect the merger, but the 2010 census did.
None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
Horace Greeley Museum, home in Tribune of the Greeley County Historical Society
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
County
Greeley County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Greeley County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas highway maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
Jefferson County is located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 782,969. It is the most populous county in the commonwealth (with more than twice the population of second ranked Fayette County).
Since a city-county merger in 2003, the county's territory, population and government have been coextensive with the city of Louisville, which also serves as county seat. The administrative entity created by this merger is the Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Government, abbreviated to Louisville Metro.
Jefferson County is the anchor of the Louisville-Jefferson County, KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area, locally referred to as Kentuckiana.
History
Jefferson County—originally Jefferson County, Virginia—was established by the Virginia General Assembly in June 1780, when it abolished and partitioned Kentucky County into three counties: Fayette, Jefferson and Lincoln. Named for Thomas Jefferson, who was governor of Virginia at the time, it was one of Kentucky's nine original counties on June 1, 1792.
In 1778, during the American Revolutionary War, George Rogers Clark's militia and 60 civilian settlers, established the first American settlement in the county on Corn Island in the Ohio River, at head of the Falls of the Ohio. They moved to the mainland the following year, establishing Louisville.
Richard Mentor Johnson, the 9th Vice President of the United States, was born in Jefferson County in 1780, while the family was living in a settlement along the Beargrass Creek.
The last major American Indian raid in present-day Jefferson County was the Chenoweth Massacre on July 17, 1789.
Government
Whenever possible, the metro government generally avoids any self-reference including the name "Jefferson County" and has even renamed the Jefferson County Courthouse as Metro Hall.
Prior to the 2003 merger, the head of local government was the County Judge/Executive, a post that still exists but now has few powers. The office is currently held by Queenie Averette.
Local government is effectively now led by the Mayor of Louisville Metro, Greg Fischer.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.3%) is water. The Ohio River forms its northern boundary with the state of Indiana.
The highest point is South Park Hill, elevation , located in the southern part of the county. The lowest point is along the Ohio River just north of West Point.
Adjacent counties
Bullitt County (south)
Shelby County (east)
Oldham County (northeast)
Spencer County (southeast)
Hardin County (southwest)
Clark County, Indiana (north)
Harrison County, Indiana (west)
Floyd County, Indiana (northwest)
Infrastructure
Major highways
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 693,604 people, 287,012 households, and 183,113 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 305,835 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 77.38% White, 18.88% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 1.39% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.68% from other races, and 1.42% from two or more races. 1.78% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 287,012 households, out of which 29.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.20% were married couples living together, 14.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.20% were non-families. 30.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.30% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 30.40% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 13.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $54,357 (2018), and the median income for a family was $49,161 (2005). Males had a median income of $36,484 versus $26,255 for females (2005). The per capita income for the county was $31,980 (2018). About 14.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.1% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over (2018).
Communities
Since the formation of Louisville Metro on January 6, 2003, residents of the cities below also became citizens of the newly expanded Metro, but none of the incorporated places dissolved in the process. The functions formerly served by the county government for the towns were assumed by Louisville Metro. However, the former City of Louisville was effectively absorbed into the new city-county government.
Anchorage
Audubon Park
Bancroft
Barbourmeade
Beechwood Village
Bellemeade
Bellewood
Blue Ridge Manor
Briarwood
Broad Fields
Broeck Pointe
Brownsboro Farm
Brownsboro Village
Buechel †
Cambridge
Cherrywood Village
Coldstream
Creekside
Crossgate
Douglass Hills
Druid Hills
Fairdale †
Fairmeade
Fern Creek †
Fincastle
Fisherville
Forest Hills
Glenview Hills
Glenview Manor
Glenview
Goose Creek
Graymoor-Devondale
Green Spring
Heritage Creek
Hickory Hill
Highview †
Hills and Dales
Hollow Creek
Hollyvilla
Houston Acres
Hurstbourne Acres
Hurstbourne
Indian Hills
Jeffersontown
Keeneland
Kingsley
Langdon Place
Lincolnshire
Louisville
Lyndon
Lynnview
Manor Creek
Maryhill Estates
Meadow Vale
Meadowbrook Farm
Meadowview Estates
Middletown
Mockingbird Valley
Moorland
Murray Hill
Newburg †
Norbourne Estates
Northfield
Norwood
Okolona †
Old Brownsboro Place
Parkway Village
Penile
Plantation
Pleasure Ridge Park †
Plymouth Village
Poplar Hills
Prospect
Richlawn
Riverwood
Rolling Fields
Rolling Hills
Seneca Gardens
Shively
South Park View
Spring Mill
Spring Valley
Springlee
St. Dennis †
St. Matthews
St. Regis Park
Strathmoor Manor
Strathmoor Village
Sycamore
Ten Broeck
Thornhill
Valley Station †
Watterson Park
Wellington
West Buechel
Westwood
Whipps Millgate
Wildwood
Windy Hills
Woodland Hills
Woodlawn Park
Worthington Hills
† Formerly a census-designated place in the county, but, in 2003, these places became neighborhoods within the city limits of Louisville Metro.
Politics
Jefferson County has voted for the Democratic candidate in every presidential election since 1992. In the 2019 gubernatorial election, it voted for Democrat Andy Beshear by a higher percentage than any other county in Kentucky, giving them 67% of the vote.
Education
The public school districts for the county are: Jefferson County School District (JCPS) and Anchorage Independent School District. The Anchorage district only covers grades K-8; Anchorage district residents may attend JCPS or Oldham County Schools.
Kentucky School for the Blind, a state-operated school, is in Louisville.
See also
Jefferson County Public Schools
Jefferson County Sunday School Association
Louisville/Jefferson County metro government (balance), Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Kentucky
References
External links
Jefferson County Clerks Office
Jefferson County Sheriff's Office
Louisville/Jefferson County Information Consortium
Louisville Metro
Kentucky counties
1780 establishments in Virginia
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Louisville metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1780
Former counties of Virginia
Ilias Makryonitis (, born 10 April 1989) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Football League club Proodeftiki fc.
Career
 They are a product of the AEK Athens youth ranks. They advanced to the first team on 20 August 2012, signing for four years, as the 4th goalkeeper, behind Konstantopoulos, Arabatzis and Moschonas. They then became the 3rd goalkeeper, moving ahead of Moschonas. Before they signed with AEK, they played for Proodeftiki, Vyzas and PAO Rouf, but they played in only 6 games - one for Proodeftiki in the 2006-2007 season, one for PAO Rouf in 2010-2011, and four in the next season.
References
Επιβεβαίωση με Μακρυωνίτη στο Ηράκλειο‚ stoplekto.gr, 14 January 2016
External links
Profile at soccerfame.gr - to Greek
Profile and statistics at myplayer.gr (Greek)
1989 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Super League Greece players
Proodeftiki F.C. players
Vyzas F.C. players
AEK Athens F.C. players
Ionikos F.C. players
Panelefsiniakos F.C. players
Footballers from Athens
Eman is a village in the Uruan local government area of Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria. The Ibibio people are occupants of the Eman village.
References
Villages in Akwa Ibom
Al-Nahdha Sport Club (), is an Iraqi football team based in Karrada, Baghdad, that plays in the Iraq Division Three.
History
Al-Nahdha team was promoted to the Iraqi Premier League in the 2005–06 season, but withdrew from the league because they did not have an independent stadium.
Managerial history
Sabah Abdul-Jalil
Saadi Toma
Jassim Hameed Segar
Jabbar Hameed
Nasser Noumy
Sultan Ghafil
Fadhel Luaibi
See also
1999–2000 Iraq FA Cup
2001–02 Iraq FA Cup
2002–03 Iraq FA Cup
References
External links
Al-Nahdha SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
1958 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 1958
Football clubs in Baghdad
Lampetis dilaticollis is a beetle of the family Buprestidae.
Description
Lampetis dilaticollis can reach a length of about . Elytra, pronotum and antennae are black with blue and violet tinge. Elytra show brassy-cupreous punctures and impressions. The surface of the pronotum is smooth, without punctures. Ventral surface is bluish black.
Distribution
This species can be found in Mexico.
References
Buprestidae
Woodboring beetles
Beetles described in 1882
The Naqib al-Ashraf revolt (also known as the Naqib al-Ashraf uprising) was a popular uprising in Jerusalem against the Ottoman authorities between May 1703 and October 1705. It was led by the city's naqib al-ashraf (local head of the order of Muhammad's descendants), Muhammad ibn Mustafa al-Husayni al-Wafa'i, and the rebels consisted of townspeople, peasants from nearby villages, local Bedouins, and religious notables (ulama). For over two years the rebels engaged in virtual self-rule in the city. However, divisions emerged within rebel ranks, and following an Ottoman siege, the rebel camp led by al-Husayni fled the city and were later captured and executed.
Background
In the mid-17th century, the Sublime Porte (Ottoman imperial government) launched a centralization effort in the empire's provinces guided by the policies of the Köprülü Grand Viziers. In Palestine, these policies manifested in the gradual elimination of local hereditary dynasties, namely the Ridwans, Farrukhs and Turabays. These families traditionally provided the governors for the sanjaks (districts) of Jerusalem, Gaza, Lajjun and Nablus. They generally maintained close alliances with the notables of Palestine's major towns and with the Bedouin tribes.
Towards the end of the 17th century, the local governors had been replaced by Ottoman officials who discontinued the local relationships their predecessors had cultivated. Under the new governors, the exploitation of the local population by Janissaries, timariots (fief holders) and subashis continued unabated. The governors could not bring order to the Jerusalem Sanjak, with the main roads from Jerusalem to Jaffa and from Nablus to Hebron facing frequent assaults by Bedouin tribesmen and instability remaining rampant in the countryside and major towns such as Hebron. Many peasants left their villages to avoid heavy taxation by the governors or exploitation by junior officials. The dignitaries of Jerusalem often served as mediators of disputes in the district in place of government officials. The dignitaries' loss of privileges previously enjoyed under the local governors brought them closer with the lower, dispossessed classes due to their shared frustrations with the changing order. Moreover, acts by the Janissaries, namely the desecration of mosques and religious sites, including the Haram al-Sharif (Temple Mount) in Jerusalem, further incensed the population.
In 1701 Mehmed Pasha Kurd Bayram was appointed governor of the Jerusalem, Gaza and Nablus sanjaks. During their term, they launched repeated punitive expeditions against the peasantry and Bedouin tribesmen for rebelling against their authority, refusing to pay their increased taxes (Mehmed Pasha doubled the tax rate after entering into office) or, in the specific case of the Bedouin, for taking over local highways and imposing tolls on travelers. The campaigns were often brutal. In 1702, their campaign against the Bedouin and peasants in the Gaza and Jerusalem sanjaks resulted in 200 deaths among the Bedouin and peasants. In early 1703, they besieged the fortress town of Bayt Jibrin where rebels from the vicinity had barricaded themselves. Several villages were destroyed before Mehmed Pasha gained control of the town. Following the siege, the ulama of Jerusalem requested that Mehmed Pasha ease their stringent taxation policies and militarism, but their requests were ignored.
Revolt
In May 1703, during Friday prayer at the al-Aqsa Mosque, and while Mehmed Pasha was leading a punitive expedition around Nablus, a rebellion against the government was announced. The mutasallim appointed by Mehmed Pasha and the small number of troops who had been left to govern the city were apprehended by the Jerusalemite rebels with key assistance from the local sipahi and Jannisary units. The rebels also freed the inmates of the city's prison. Once word of the ulamas call for revolt spread, the urban Jerusalemites were joined by peasants from the villages in the countryside. The rebels prepared Jerusalem's defenses to counter an assault by Mehmed Pasha and their troops.
The rebels appointed Muhammad ibn Mustafa al-Wafa'i al-Husayni, the city's naqib al-ashraf (head of the order of the Muhammad's descendants), as their leader and the sheikh (chief) of Jerusalem, hence the modern name of the revolt. The sheikhs of the various city quarters were appointed to assist Muhammad ibn Mustafa to administer Jerusalem's governmental and economic affairs. With the rebels in firm control of the city, popular support from its inhabitants, and the establishment of a governing administration, the people of Jerusalem effectively began an over two-year-long period of self-rule in Jerusalem. The central government's preoccupation with more pressing matters in the capital during the Edirne revolt forced it to tolerate the state of affairs in Jerusalem.
Mehmed Pasha and Arslan Mehmed Pasha, the governor of the Damascus Eyalet (to whose jurisdiction Jerusalem belonged) and their successors, attempted to retake the city from the rebels during the siege that ensued. However, the rebels utilized Jerusalem's sacredness to Muslims to prevent serious bombardment of the city by Ottoman forces, while opening fire against the latter upon their approach.
In 1704, upon hearing that Sultan Ahmed III was dispatching a large army to take control of Jerusalem, a loyalist camp emerged that was content with Mehmed Pasha's dismissal and putting an to the revolt. However, Muhammad ibn Mustafa did not trust imperial overtures and demanded stronger guarantees before ending the revolt. The population was split between the two camps, and the rivalry turned violent when Muhammad ibn Mustafa waged an armed campaign against the loyalists. The clashes peaked with a major battle in the narrow alleyways around the Bab al-Huta gate in the northern part of the city. The battle ended with dozens of fatalities and mass defections from Muhammad ibn Mustafa's camp. The loyalist camp was barricaded in the citadel with the qadi, awaiting the intervention of the imperial army.
Clashes between the rival camps began anew in late 1705, around the time that the imperial army was departing from Damascus. The imperial army met generally ineffective resistance in the hinterland of Nablus, where peasant irregulars harried them along the way to Jerusalem. Once the Ottomans reached Jerusalem's environs in October, Muhammad ibn Mustafa decided to escape from the city with dozens of their followers through the Damascus Gate and the Moroccan Gate on 28 October, during the evening. Muhammad ibn Mustafa was captured by the Ottoman authorities, sent to Istanbul, and was executed there in 1707.
Aftermath and legacy
The flight of the naqib al-ashraf brought an end to the al-Wafa'iya al-Husayni family's influence in Jerusalem and paved the way for the al-Ghudayya clan, an ashraf family with a lower profile than the al-Wafi'a al-Husayni, to assume the post of naqib al-ashraf. A branch of the Ghudayyas became known as the al-Husayni family in the mid-18th century, and played a highly influentially role in Jerusalem's affairs during the remaining decades of Ottoman rule and whose members were leaders of the Palestinian national movement in the post-World War I period. Along with al-Wafa'iya al-Husayni, several other ulamas and ashraf families lost the Ottomans' favor, although some later regained local administrative clout in later decades. Following the city's capitulation, thousands of Ottoman troops were garrisoned in Jerusalem under the command of a new governor. The large military presence led to a decline in Jerusalem's economy.
According to Ilan Pappe, the Naqib al-Ashraf Revolt was "unique in the history of the district of Jerusalem in that it allied peasants and Bedouins with dignitaries and notables. Historian Adel Manna called it the "First popular uprising in Palestine", while also noting that the revolt was geographically limited to Jerusalem and its immediate environs.
References
Bibliography
18th-century rebellions
Conflicts in 1703
Conflicts in 1704
Conflicts in 1705
Military history of Jerusalem
Ottoman Palestine
Rebellions in Ottoman Syria
1700s in Asia
18th century in Ottoman Syria
Feyzabad (, also Romanized as Feyẕābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,694, in 422 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Elminiech Battery (), also known as Figuella Battery (), San Raimondo Battery () or Oitelboura Battery, was an artillery battery in Birżebbuġa, Malta. It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–16 as part of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
Elminiech Battery was part of a chain of fortifications that defended Marsaxlokk Bay, which also included six other batteries, the large Saint Lucian Tower, two smaller De Redin towers, four redoubts and three entrenchments. The nearest fortifications to Elminiech Battery were the Birżebbuġa Entrenchments to the northwest and Fresnoy Redoubt to the east. Construction of the battery cost 1451 scudi.
The battery was demolished, and its site is now occupied by part of the Malta Freeport.
References
Batteries in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Military installations established in 1715
Demolished buildings and structures in Malta
Birżebbuġa
Limestone buildings in Malta
18th-century fortifications
1715 establishments in Malta
This is a list of unmade and unreleased animated projects by 20th Century Studios. Some of these films and shows were, or still are, in development limbo. These also include the co-productions the studio collaborated with in the past (i.e. 20th Century Fox Animation, Fox Animation Studios, Blue Sky Studios, DreamWorks Animation, 20th Television Animation, and Locksmith Animation), as well as sequels to their franchises.
1990s
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1998
1999
2000s
2000
2001
2003
2006
2008
2009
2010s
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
See also
List of unproduced Disney animated projects
List of unproduced DreamWorks Animation projects
List of unproduced film projects based on Marvel Comics
List of unproduced films based on Marvel Comics imprints publications
List of unproduced 20th Century Fox projects based on Marvel Comics
References
20th Century Fox Animation
20th Century Animation
20th Century Fox Animation
20th Century Fox Animation
20th Century Fox Animation
Unreleased 20th Century Fox
Fox animation
Beak Jong-chul (born October 9, 1975) is a South Korean male curler and curling coach.
At the international level, they are a and 2007 Asian Winter Games champion curler.
Teams
Man 's
Mixed doubles
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Living people
1975 births
South Korean male curlers
Curlers at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games medalists in curling
South Korean curling coaches
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
The Interrupters are an American ska punk band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 2011. The band comprises lead vocalist Aimee Interrupter, drummer Jesse Bivona, bassist Justin Bivona, and guitarist Kevin Bivona. They have released four studio albums. The latest, In the Wild, was released in 2022, along with the album's lead single, "Raised by Wolves".
History
Formation and early years
The three Bivona brothers met Aimee Allen, a solo artist at the time, in 2009 while touring with their band Telacasters supporting The Dirty Heads and Sugar Ray. In 2011, Aimee and Kevin started writing songs together and brought Kevin's brothers, twins Jesse and Justin, in to play drums and bass. That led to the four forming The Interrupters.
The band got an early start, touring with bands such as Rancid, The Transplants, Devil's Brigade, and Left Alone; as well as playing the American music festival Riot Fest in Chicago and Denver, and the Canadian music festival Amnesia Rockfest, all before the release of their first record.
They were frequently involved with Tim Armstrong's Tim Timebomb and Friends project, which saw the online-release of a song a day for an entire year. They were also members of the touring group. The first single released was the song "Liberty", followed shortly thereafter by the song "Family", which features a guest vocal by Tim Armstrong and was previously released through the Tim Timebomb and Friends project. Both singles were released as limited edition 7"s through Pirates Press Records.
The Interrupters, Say It Out Loud
The Interrupters' debut self-titled record was released August 5, 2014 on Hellcat/Epitaph Records. Following the release, the band toured the US and Canada in support of the album with the likes of The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Street Dogs, Less Than Jake, Big D and The Kids Table, Reel Big Fish, Rancid, and The English Beat; and toured Europe with Bad Religion; and also played Soundwave Festival in Australia, and Groezrock Festival in Belgium.
The Interrupters' second record Say It Out Loud was released June 24, 2016 on Hellcat/Epitaph Records. Produced again by Tim Armstrong, the album peaked at number 7 on the Billboard Heatseekers Album chart, number 25 on the Billboard Independent albums chart, number 38 on the Billboard Top Rock Albums chart, number 22 on the Billboard Vinyl Albums chart.
In support of Say It Out Loud, the band played on the entire Vans Warped Tour during the summer of 2016, and then embarked on their first US headlining tour, bringing Fat Wreck Chords' band Bad Cop along for support.
Fight the Good Fight
On May 2, 2018, the Interrupters announced the album Fight the Good Fight, produced by Tim Armstrong, released on June 29 on Hellcat/Epitaph. The lead single, "She's Kerosene", peaked at number 4 on Billboards Alternative Songs chart. The album has reached number 2 on the Billboard Independent Albums, and number 141 on the Billboard 200. The band were featured on the cover of Kerrang! magazine in May 2019 and were nominated for 'Best International Breakthrough' at the 2019 Kerrang! Awards.
Billy Kottage, formerly of Reel Big Fish, has been touring with the band as a featured musician since early 2019, playing the Hammond Organ and trombone.
The Interrupters' single Take Back the Power served as the intro music for Hillary, a 2020 docuseries about Hillary Clinton.
Band members
Aimee Interrupter – lead vocals (2011–present)
Kevin Bivona – guitar, lead and backing vocals (2011–present)
Justin Bivona – bass, backing vocals (2011–present)
Jesse Bivona – drums, backing vocals (2011–present)
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Singles
Compilations and splits
2016 Warped Tour Compilation – various artists, Side One Dummy Records (2016)
Hooligans United: A Tribute to Rancid – Various artists, Hellcat/Smelvis Records (2015)
Dale la Bota – various artists, Smelvis Records (2013)
2018 Warped Tour Compilation – various artists, Side One Dummy Records (2018)
Ska Against Racism – various artists, Bad Time Records (2020)
Notes
References
External links
The Interrupters chart history at Billboard
2011 establishments in California
Musical groups established in 2011
Hellcat Records artists
Epitaph Records artists
Female-fronted musical groups
American ska punk musical groups
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Musical quartets
Sibling musical groups
The World Peace Foundation or WPF, created in 1910, is a philanthropic foundation for research into peace processes affiliated with The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. Alex de Waal is the director , having become director in 2011.
The WPF founded the journal International Organization, which is the leading journal in the field of International Relations.
Creation
The World Peace Foundation was created in 1910 under the directorship of Edwin D. Mead and financed by Edward Ginn, a wealthy publisher, who initially named it the International School of Peace. Ginn felt that massive financial investments in war should be matched by, at least, modest investments in Kant's notion of peace via democracy (Perpetual Peace: A Philosophical Sketch). Ginn financed the school, the name was changed to World Peace Foundation, and their endowment allowed the institute to continue after their death in 1914.
Leadership and structure
The initial director of the WPF in 1910 was Edwin D. Mead. Robert I. Rotberg was director from 1993–2010. WPF was affiliated with the Harvard Kennedy School for the first decade of the twenty-first century. Alex de Waal became director in 2011, when the WPF moved to The Fletcher School at Tufts University.
Philip S. Khoury was chair of the board in 2012.
In 2017, the WPF had 6 employees and a budget of .
Aims
The WPF was described by its board chair Khoury as the "oldest secular peace foundation" in the United States (US). Khoury quoted the original objectives of the WPF as being, "Educating the people of all nations to a full knowledge of the waste and destructiveness of war and of preparation for war, its evil effects on present social conditions and on the wellbeing of future generations, and to promote international justice and the brotherhood of man, and generally by every practical means to promote peace and goodwill among all humankind." They stated that there was no intention to change the aim of the foundation.
Publications
International Organization (quarterly). Founded in 1947.
Documents of International Organizations: A Selected Bibliography (quarterly)
References
External links
Reinventing Peace
Compendium of Global Arms Trade Corruption
Robert Rotberg's blog, Africa and Asia: The Key Issues
Organizations established in 1910
Political and economic research foundations in the United States
Peace organizations based in the United States
1910 establishments in the United States
Robert Bruce Barr (born October 1953), is an American business person who co-founded the boutique investment bank Lincoln International in 1996. They have also served as the firm's Co-CEO since its inception.
Barr received a Bachelor of Arts in mathematics, statistics and economics from Case Western Reserve University and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. Prior to their time at Lincoln International, they held senior positions at both Peers & Company and Paine Webber, overseeing more than 100 merger & acquisition transactions across a variety of industries.
During their tenure as chief executive, Lincoln International has consistently experienced double-digit growth in both deal flow and revenue, becoming a key player in middle market investment banking. Currently, the firm logs approximately 200 deals annually. They were the recipient of ACQ magazine's annual award for leadership in the global investment banking industry in 2013.
References
1953 births
Living people
American chief executives of financial services companies
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Investment bankers
20th-century American businesspeople
Harvard Business School alumni
Carenum formosum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1907.
References
formosum
Beetles described in 1907
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M1}}
The muscarinic acetylcholine receptor M1, also known as the cholinergic receptor, muscarinic 1, is a muscarinic receptor that in humans is encoded by the CHRM1 gene. It is localized to 11q13.
This receptor is found mediating slow EPSP at the ganglion in the postganglionic nerve, is common in exocrine glands and in the CNS.
It is predominantly found bound to G proteins of class Gq that use upregulation of phospholipase C and, therefore, inositol trisphosphate and intracellular calcium as a signalling pathway. A receptor so bound would not be susceptible to CTX or PTX. However, Gi (causing a downstream decrease in cAMP) and Gs (causing an increase in cAMP) have also been shown to be involved in interactions in certain tissues, and so would be susceptible to PTX and CTX respectively.
Effects
EPSP in autonomic ganglia
Secretion from salivary glands
Gastric acid secretion from stomach
In CNS (memory?)
Vagally-induced bronchoconstriction
Mediating olfactory behaviors (e.g. aggression, mating)
Antagonism - delirium hallucinations (the M1 receptor is the only known muscarinic receptor to have this effect as of 2015)
Occurrence in free living amoebae
A structural but not sequential homolog of the human M1 receptor has been reported in Acanthamoeba castellanii and Naegleria fowleri. Antagonists of human M1 receptors (e.g. atropine, diphenhydramine) have been shown to exert anti-proliferative effects on these pathogens.
Mechanism
It couples to Gq, and, to a small extent, Gi and Gs. This results in slow EPSP and decreased K+ conductance. It is preassembled to the Gq heterotrimer through a polybasic c-terminal domain.
Ligands
Agonists
acetylcholine
carbachol
cevimeline
muscarine
oxotremorine
pilocarpine
vedaclidine
xanomeline
77-LH-28-1 - brain penetrant selective M1 allosteric agonist
CDD-0097
McN-A-343 - mixed M1/M4 agonist
L-689, L-660 - mixed M1/M3 agonist
Allosteric modulators
benzylquinolone carboxylic acid
BQZ-12
VU-0090157
VU-0029767
VU0467319
[3H]PT-1284- M1-selective PAM Radioligand
Antagonists
atropine
diphenhydramine
tramadol
dicycloverine
hyoscyamine
ipratropium
mamba toxin muscarinic toxin 7 (MT7)
Many antipsychotics like olanzapine, quetiapine, clozapine, chlorpromazine
pirenzepine
oxybutynin
Benzatropine
telenzepine
paroxetine
Tricyclic and tetracyclic antidepressants like clomipramine, imipramine, mirtazapine, amitriptyline
tolterodine
Biperiden
See also
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptor
References
Further reading
External links
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947-1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
The Temasek class a class of container ships consisting of 10 ships in total. The ships were built for APL by Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries.
History
The ships were originally ordered in 2011 by Neptune Orient Lines (NOL). They were to be delivered in 2013 and 2014. Five of the ships were chartered to Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (MOL). Construction started in 2012 and the first ship was delivered on 13 March 2013.
In 2017, around the same time as the first new Triumph-class container ship went into service the charter ended. The ships were renamed and became part of the APL fleet.
In 2018 and 2019 eight of the ships were modified at the Cosco Zhoushan Shipyard and CSIC Qingdao Beihai Shipyard in China. The ships were made longer by adding two extra container bays and the wheelhouse was raised so that the containers can be stacked higher on deck.
List of ships
References
Container ship classes
Ships built by Hyundai Heavy Industries Group
Crișan is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It includes three villages: Caraorman Crișan and Mila 23
At the 2011 census, 52.1% of inhabitants were Romanians, 26.2% Russians or Lipovans and 21.6% Ukrainians. At the 2002 census, 74.8% were Romanian Orthodox and 25% Lipovan Old-Rite Orthodox.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Ukrainian communities in Romania
The Bayern-Kaserne (literally Bavaria-Barracks) is a military facility in Munich, Germany, originally named General-Wever-Kaserne. The facility was constructed between 1936 and 1938. After World War II it was renamed by the United States forces to Henry Kaserne in honor of Private Robert T. Henry. When it was transferred to the German Bundeswehr, it was renamed once more in honor of General Walther Wever on 9 October 1969.
History
Before the Americans acquired the barracks in 1945, they were used by Flak units of the Wehrmacht.
In 1953 an armoured battalion of the US 5th Infantry Division was assigned here.
In 1956 the units of the US Army's 11th Airborne Division replaced the 5th Infantry Division and were stationed here. They were the 76th Tank Battalion and 127th Airborne Engineers. The 76th Tank Bn was composed of A, B, C and D companies, and a Headquarters Co. Across the street (Ingolstädter Landstrasse) was stationed the 503rd Airborne Infantry Regiment of the 11th Airborne Division. The battalion was equipped with M48 tanks and did its training in Grafenwehr and Vilseck training areas. Since the battalion was Airborne, Nuebiberg was the LZ, with the DZ located just north of the barracks area (near where the Allianz Arena is today - 2012). The Battalion Commander was Lt. Col. Carlton Preer. The battalion was inactivated in 1958, when the 11th Airborne was inactivated. The personnel and equipment were reassigned to the 24th Infantry Division.
When the American troops left the barracks, the Bundeswehr acquired them in 1969. Until the 1990s they were used by the following units:
subordinated units of the former Wehrbereichskommando VI (Military District Command VI; today IV):
staff, 1st and 3rd company of the Feldjäger Battalions 760 (FJgBtl 760) until 1993
Fernmeldekompanie 760 (FmKp 760; signal company)
Nachschubkompanie 760 (NschKp 760; supply company)
Instandsetzungskompanie 760 (InstKp 760; maintenance company)
Ausbildungskompanie Stabsdienst / Militärkraftfahrer 852 (AusbKp StDst/MKF 852; training company for staff service soldiers and military drivers)
subordinated units of the former Heimatschutzbrigade 56 (Homeland Security Brigade 56'')
Panzergrenadierbataillon 561 (PzGrenBtl 561)
Panzerartilleriebataillon 565 (PzArtBtl 565; armored artillery battalion)
Nachschubkompanie 560 (NschKp 560; supply company)
Instandsetzungskompanie 560 (InstKp 560; maintenance company)
Another former user was the Fachausbildungskompanie Munich (FachAusbKp MCH), a company for professional training, which was stationed in the barracks until 1992.
In 1994 the Wehrbereichskommando VI / 1. Gebirgsdivision (WBK IV/1. GebDiv) moved into the Bayern-Kaserne. The WBK IV/1. GebDiv was disposed after the unification of the 1st Mountain Division with the former Wehrbereichskommando VI. It was renamed to Wehrbereichskommando IV - Süddeutschland in 2001.
Other current users have been the Landeskommando Bayern (LKdoBY; Land Command Bavaria), the catholic and the Protestant military deanery, and the local Bundeswehr school Bundeswehrfachschule-/Zivile Aus- und Weiterbildungsbetreuungsstelle B München (BwFachS-/ZAW-BeSt B MCH) for professional training with civilian recognition, which has been the follow-on institution of the former Ausbildungskompanie Fach-/Fachschulausbildung Munich since 2006.
In late 2007 the facility was sold by the g.e.b.b. to the city of Munich. The Bundeswehr units have to leave the area by 2011. Before the barracks were sold, some parts were rented.
See also
List of barracks in Munich
References
Barracks in Munich
Bundeswehr barracks
Steve Benjamin may refer to:
Steve Benjamin (sailor) (born 1955), American Olympic medalist in men's sailing
Stephen K. Benjamin (born 1969), American politician
The Saifi are a Muslim community found in India, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, Nepal, Sri Lanka, England.
Saifi may also refer to:
Persons
Amari Saifi (born c. 1956) a.k.a. Abou Haidara or Abderrazak le Para, a leader of the Islamist militia Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC)
Euthymios Saifi (1643–1723), Melkite Catholic bishop of Tyre and Sidon
Mohammad Gulzar Saifi (born 1983), Indian educator, and community organizer
Nadeem Saifi, part of the Indian music production duo Nadeem-Shravan
Rafik Saïfi (born 1975), Algerian football player
Tokia Saïfi (born 1959), French politician and Member of the European Parliament
Others
SAIFI, System Average Interruption Frequency Index, a reliability indicator by electric power utilities
Saifi Village, residential upscale neighbourhood in Beirut, Lebanon.
Ellis County (county code EL) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 28,934. Its county seat and most populous city is Hays.
Ellis County is the official German Capital of Kansas. German immigrants settled in Hays, Ellis, Victoria, and nearby villages in the 1870s and 1880s.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Ellis County was founded on February 26, 1867. It is named for George Ellis, first lieutenant of the Twelfth Kansas Infantry.
20th century
In 1942, the Walker Army Airfield was built northwest of Walker. Thousands were stationed at the airfield for training of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress during World War II. The airfield was abandoned and most of it razed.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.05%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Rooks County (north)
Osborne County (northeast)
Russell County (east)
Rush County (south)
Ness County (southwest)
Trego County (west)
Major highways
Interstate 70
US-183
Airport
Hays Regional Airport is located within the county. Used primarily for general aviation, it hosts one commercial airline United Express, which offers daily jet service to Denver, Colorado.
Demographics
The Hays Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Ellis County.
As of the 2000, there were 27,507 people, 11,193 households, and 6,771 families residing in the county. The population density was 31 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 12,078 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.10% White, 0.67% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.82% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.31% from other races, and 0.89% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.37% of the population.
There were 11,193 households, out of which 28.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.00% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.50% were non-families. 30.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.40% under the age of 18, 18.40% from 18 to 24, 25.20% from 25 to 44, 19.60% from 45 to 64, and 14.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 95.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,339, and the median income for a family was $44,498. Males had a median income of $29,885 versus $21,269 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,259. About 6.50% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.20% of those under age 18 and 10.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Ellis County is an anomaly in western Kansas, having voted several times for Democratic presidential candidates, even when the vast majority of the state's 105 counties went for the Republican nominee. This is due to the county's distinctive (in Kansas) German Catholic heritage, contrasting with the Southern “Bible Belt” or Yankee heritage of most rural Kansas counties. It was the solitary county in Kansas to support Catholic Al Smith over Herbert Hoover in 1928, when Kansas was Hoover's strongest state nationwide, and also was won by John F. Kennedy in 1960 by almost thirty percent as one of only two Kansas counties to back the Massachusetts Senator. Ellis County bucked the national and statewide trend by voting for Michael Dukakis over winner George H. W. Bush in the 1988 presidential election, one of only three Kansas counties to go for Dukakis. Ellis County gave a plurality to Bill Clinton over Bush and Ross Perot in the 1992 presidential election, but has been solidly in the Republican column since, giving 66 percent to Republican John McCain to 32 percent for Democrat Barack Obama in the 2008 election, higher than the 57 percent McCain won statewide.
Laws
Wild Bill Hickok served as sheriff in 1870. Ellis County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1988.
Education
Unified school districts
Ellis USD 388
western third of county; small portion in extreme eastern Trego County
Victoria USD 432
eastern third of county to Russell county line
Hays USD 489
extends to Rooks and Rush county lines and approximately five miles each way on I-70 from city center
Private schools
Holy Family Elementary in Hays
St. Mary's Elementary in Ellis
Thomas More Prep-Marian High in Hays
Universities and Colleges
Fort Hays State University
North Central Kansas Technical College
Communities
Cities
Ellis
Hays
Schoenchen
Victoria
Census-designated places
Catharine
Munjor
Other unincorporated places
Antonino
Emmeram
Pfeifer
Toulon
Turkville
Walker
Yocemento
Defunct settlements
Chetolah
Hog Back
Rome
Smoky Hill City
Stockrange
Townships
Ellis County is divided into nine townships. The cities of Ellis and Hays are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ellis County, Kansas
Walker Army Airfield, an abandoned World War II airfield.
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Ellis County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 71 pages; 1922.
Standard Atlas of Ellis County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 58 pages; 1905.
External links
County
Ellis County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Ellis County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Color Ocean Road is the eleventh studio album by American electronic musician Vektroid, released on May 13, 2012.
Track listing
References
2012 albums
Vektroid albums
Bowes Primary School is a coeducational primary school with a nursery and a reception class. It is located between Stanley Road and Highworth Road on the North Circular Road section of Bowes Road in New Southgate in the London Borough of Enfield.
History
At the School Board meeting on 6 April 1900, Messrs. W. Lawrence and Son of Tottenham were successful with a tender of £18,149 to build Bowes Road School, which was planned for 10 local pupils.
A tender for electrical installation for £619 was unsuccessful, as it was £395 higher than the successful tender for installing gas fittings.
Bowes Road School for Infants opened at 9am on 2 September 1901, and separate Junior Boys and Girls Schools opened on the upper floors. In 1927, the schools were reorganised into two schools, Senior Mixed and Junior Mixed with Infants.
When the secondary pupils moved to Arnos School in 1939 the school was reorganised again into two schools, Bowes Junior Mixed School and Bowes Infant School. These two schools were reorganised into the present school in 1988.
Previously a community school administered by Enfield London Borough Council, in September 2016 Bowes Primary School converted to academy status. The school is now sponsored by the Enfield Learning Trust.
References
External links
Bowes Primary School official website
Primary schools in the London Borough of Enfield
Educational institutions established in 1901
1901 establishments in England
Academies in the London Borough of Enfield
The 2016 Western Athletic Conference Softball tournament was held at Logan Field on the campus of Seattle University in Seattle, Washington from May 12 through May 14, 2016. CSU Bakersfield earned its first Western Athletic Conference Tournament title, earning the league's automatic bid to the 2016 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament. All games were streamed online on the WAC Digital Network with Greg Sexton and Ashley Charters calling the action.
Tournament
In the title game, CSU Bakersfield's catcher, Jo Larios, hit the eventual game-winning home run with two outs and a full count in the top of the seventh inning. The victory propelled the Roadrunners to the school's first NCAA Division I Softball Tournament appearance.
All times listed are Pacific Daylight Time.
References
Western Athletic Conference Tournament
Western Athletic Conference Softball Tournament
2016 in sports in Washington (state)
Tom Kohler-Cadmore (born 19 August 1994) is an English professional cricketer who plays for Yorkshire.  They are a right-handed batsman who also bowls right-arm off spin.
Biography
Having come through the Yorkshire age-group system, Kohler-Cadmore left to complete their education at Malvern College where they were named 2014 Young Wisden Schools Cricketer of the Year. After leaving Malvern College, Kohler-Cadmore made their debut for Worcestershire in August 2013 against a touring Bangladesh A side. On 20 May 2016, at the age of 21, Kohler-Cadmore scored 127 runs from 54 balls for Worcestershire against Durham in the 2016 NatWest t20 Blast. It was the highest individual total for a Worcestershire player in a Twenty20 match.
In June 2017, Yorkshire announced that Kohler-Cadmore had signed a contract of an undisclosed length to rejoin them ahead of the 2018 season. On 8 June 2017, Worcestershire announced that they had mutually agreed to terminate their contract to allow them to immediately join Yorkshire. They had been left out of the previous match.
In May 2019, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) withdrew Kohler-Cadmore from the England Lions' squad, after being named during Alex Hepburn's rape trial. Hepburn was found guilty of rape, and although the judge said that Kohler-Cadmore "did nothing wrong", the ECB were concerned about the disrespectful messages about women that had been exchanged.
On 29 May 2020, Kohler-Cadmore was named in a 55-man group of players to begin training ahead of international fixtures starting in England following the COVID-19 pandemic.
On 1 December 2021, Kohler-Cadmore made the highest individual score in T10 history, scoring 96 off just 39 balls against Bangla Tigers in the Abu Dhabi T10 League. In April 2022, they were bought by the Trent Rockets for the 2022 season of The Hundred.
On 20 June 2022, Kohler-Cadmore agreed a three-year contract with Somerset County Cricket Club ahead of the 2023 season.
References
External links
1994 births
English cricketers
Living people
Sportspeople from Chatham, Kent
People educated at Malvern College
Jaffna Kings cricketers
Northern Superchargers cricketers
Peshawar Zalmi cricketers
Quetta Gladiators cricketers
Worcestershire cricketers
Yorkshire cricketers
Trent Rockets cricketers
Autumn Tears is an international dark wave band formed in September 1995 by Erika Swinnich and Ted Tringo. Their music has been described as goth and industrial, despite having little electrical instruments present.
History
The band was formed in September 1995 by Erika Swinnich, the former vocalist, and Ted Tringo, keyboardist and pianist. After recording songs for a studio album, they were entered into West Record Studios, however they did not sign a record deal. In April 1996, their first CD, Love Poems for Dying Children... Act I was released through Dark Symphonies, their own record label. The music of Love Poems... consisted of symphonic arrangements inspired by ancient chants, classical music, and various contemporary artists (Dead Can Dance, Anchorage, Stoa, Enya). In May 1997, Autumn Tears released the sequel to their previous album, The Garden of Crystalline Dreams - Love Poems for Dying Children: Act II.
Swinnich left Autumn Tears shortly after Act II's release to pursue writing their novel. Vocalist Jennifer LeeAnna was recruited as their replacement. The first release of Act I was originally meant to be limited to 2000 copies, but due to an overwhelming number of requests, it was re-released with a new layout and artwork in 1998. All tracks were remixed and remastered and a bonus track titled "The Intermission" was included on to repress, marking LeeAnna's debut appearance in the band.
In December 1999, Swinnich rejoined Autumn Tears as a full-time member. In July 1999, Autumn Tears released a mini-CD titled Absolution. The following year, they would release the third and final full-length album to the Acts trilogy, Love Poems for Dying Children, Act III: Winter and the Broken Angel.
In 2004, the band recorded the album Eclipse. During recording, Tringo invited new musicians to join Autumn Tears, including female vocalist Laurie Ann Haus, who sang alongside Swinnich in a majority of the tracks on Eclipse. After its release, Swinnich left Autumn Tears again to form their new band, Ignitor.
In 2007, Autumn Tears released The Hallowing, which was speculated to be their final release. However, according to the liner notes on the 2008 re-issue of Love Poems... Act I, these claims are acknowledged and notes that the band has not broken up, but simply taking a break.
The Origin of Sleep EP was released in 2018 featuring Irish harpist Brona McVittie, Tom Moth, and John Clark, as well as original Autumn Tears woodwind player Terran Olson and Jennifer Judd. It was recorded by Peter Bjärgö at Erebus Odora studio, and all songs included were exclusive to release.
In 2019, Autumn Tears returned with their first full-length album in 11 years, Colors Hidden Within The Gray. The album features a full orchestral ensemble and 30+ musicians, including ones that returned from The Origin of Sleep. Various ethnic instruments such as bagpipes, kamancheh, and bansuri were featured.
In 2020, they released a follow-up album, The Air Below The Water, presented as a double CD set. It included 40+ musicians and vocalists including opera singer Caroline Clarke, singer-songwriter Tamar Singer, and vocal coach Anne "Anaé" Laurent. Also returning were singer-songwriters Brona McVittie and Nathan Nasby. The album featured an orchestral classical ensemble as well as instruments including kamancheh, bansuri, and duduk.
In March 2021, to coincide with International Women's Day, Autumn Tears released their ninth full-length album, The Glow of Desperation, presented as a limited CD and available through digital download. The CD features a lyric booklet illustrated with paintings by artist Marcela Bolívar.
In February 2022, Autumn Tears released a split album with Zeresh featuring 7 new Autumn Tears tracks and 6 new Zeresh tracks. Cover artwork by award winning artist Marcela Bolívar.
Members
Current lineup
Ted Tringo - Composition, arrangements, lyrics, piano:
Caroline Joy Clarke - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Darren Clarke - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Tamar Singer - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Anne "Anaé" Laurent - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Agnete Mangnes Kirkevaag - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Ann-Mari Edvardsen Alexis - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Dawn Desireé Smith - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Bróna Mcvittie - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Nathan Nasby - Lead and backing vocals, vocal and lyric arrangements
Ffion Elisa Williams - Lead vocals and vocal arrangements
Soroush Abedi - Composition, accompaniment, arrangements and percussion
Artur Silveiro - Composition, accompaniment, arrangements and percussion
Jess Townsend - Violin, viola
Tom McCluskey - Cello
Sanja Smileska - Violin, viola
Sanja Smileska - Viola
Mercedes Bralo - Harp
Val Cortoni - Hammered dulcimer
Kelly O'Donohue - Trumpet, trombone
Oli Parker - Trumpet
Matt Giella - Trumpet
Josué García García - Trumpet
María Gabriela Soto - Trombone
Austris Apenis - French horn
Claude Lumley - French horn
Giulia Cacciavillani - Flute, piccolo
Alia Fay - Wooden traverse flute, tin whistle
Sasko Temelkoski - Clarinet
Carolina Prado Sánchez - Oboe
Callum Edwards - Snare drum
Past members
(1995-2004) Erika (Swinnich) Tandy - Lead and backing vocals, composition and keyboards.
(1998-2001) Jennifer LeeAnna - Lead and backing vocals, vocal arrangements, composition and keyboards.
Discography
Albums
Love Poems for Dying Children... Act I (1996)
Love Poems for Dying Children... Act II: The Garden of Crystalline Dreams (1997)
Love Poems for Dying Children... Act I: REPRISE MCMXCVIII (1998)
Love Poems for Dying Children... Act III: Winter and the Broken Angel (2000)
Eclipse (2004)
The Hallowing (2007)
Colors Hidden Within The Gray (2019)
The Air Below The Water (2020)
The Glow of Desperation (2021)
Mini-CD
Absolution (1999)
The Origin of Sleep (2018)
Widowing (Split album with Zeresh) (2022)
References
External links
Official site
Official Facebook Page
Autumn Tears at Encyclopaedia Metallum
Neoclassical dark wave musical groups
Musical groups established in 1995
Musical groups from Massachusetts
American dark wave musical groups
HUTV can stand for:
Health Unlimited Television network, HUTV, Place Based Digital Out of Home network of TV screens deployed in medical waiting areas throughout the province of Alberta Canada.
Harvard Undergraduate Television (HUTV), the Harvard College student-run Internet television network.
HUTV, the closed circuit television station of Hollins University.
Caroline Sophie Sordet-Boissonnas (1859, Geneva - 1943) was a Swiss painter. They received honorable mention at the Salon of Lyons, 1897. They were a member of the Exposition Permanente Amis des Beaux-Arts, Geneva. They were a pupil of the School of Fine Arts, Geneva, under Professors F. Gillet and M. E. Ravel. They were principally a portrait painter. Considered a successful artist, their pictures are in Geneva, Lausanne, Vevey, Paris, Lyons, Marseilles, Dresden, and Naples.
References
1859 births
1943 deaths
19th-century Swiss painters
19th-century Swiss women artists
20th-century Swiss painters
20th-century Swiss women artists
Artists from Geneva
Swiss portrait painters
The Stockyards Exchange is a building in South St. Paul, Minnesota, United States, built in 1887 by the recently formed Union stockyards Company of Omaha. The building housed businesses associated with the nearby stockyards, which later became the largest stockyards in the United States. It also housed a post office, city offices, and the city's first bank, Stockyards National Bank.
The stockyards were organized in 1886 by Alpheus Beede Stickney, who was the president of the Chicago Great Western Railway. The stockyards attracted four major meatpacking plants, including Swift & Company in 1897 and Armour and Company in 1919. During the World War II years, the stockyards operated at their peak. Due to changing market forces and the decentralization of the industry, the stockyards declined during the 1960s and 1970s. Swift closed their plant in 1969, while Armour closed their plant in the 1970s. In 1976, the South St. Paul City Council gave its Housing and Redevelopment Authority permission to buy the building. Colonial Properties bought the build in October 1979, but two months later, vandals caused major damage to the building by flooding it with fire hoses in the attic. The building was later purchased by a private developer, who was unable to raise the money to finish the renovation as scheduled. A couple opened the building in 1998 as the Castle Hotel, but it was only open a year. The building is now able to be reserved for private events.
References
External links
Historic Concord Exchange
1887 establishments in Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Dakota County, Minnesota
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Commodity exchanges in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Dakota County, Minnesota
The Night Flight Orchestra is a Swedish hard rock band from Helsingborg. They have signed to Nuclear Blast records. Formed in 2007 by Björn Strid and David Andersson while they were touring in the US with their band Soilwork, they were later joined by bassist Sharlee D'Angelo (Arch Enemy, Spiritual Beggars, ex-Mercyful Fate), Richard Larsson (Von Benzo), Jonas Källsbäck (Mean Streak) and, more recently, Sebastian Forslund (Kadwatha). They have released six studio albums.
Biography
Internal Affairs (2012)
The Night Flight Orchestra started when Björn Strid (Soilwork) and David Andersson (Soilwork, Mean Streak) were on the road together in North America in 2007. Björn and David were bonding over what they considered "classic" or not, from rock n roll conspiracies to being arrested in a lobby with nothing but leather pants on. All those scenarios, fictional or real, needed a soundtrack. It didn't take long before bass player Sharlee D'Angelo (Arch Enemy, Spiritual Beggars) joined forces as well as keyboard player Richard Larsson (Von Benzo) and drummer Jonas Källsbäck (Mean Streak). Their goal was to reclaim the 70's/early 80's sense for classic melody.
They released their first album Internal Affairs on 18 June 2012 through the Italian label Coroner Records and made their live debut on 1 August 2013 at Dina-scenen in Lidköping, Sweden. Due to their busy schedules with both Soilwork and Arch Enemy, they could only manage to play live for the first time one year after the release of Internal Affairs and only did a handful of concerts between 2013 and 2014 including a show at Sweden Rock Festival in 2014.
Skyline Whispers (2015)
In January 2015, the Night Flight Orchestra announced a new album release on 9 June 2015 via Coroner Records, and the addition of Sebastian Forslund (Kadawatha) on congas, percussion and guitar. Skyline Whispers was recorded at Nordic Sound Lab Studios, Skara (Sweden), engineered by The Night Flight Orchestra and Bengan Andersson, mixed by Sebastian Forslund and mastered by Thomas Plec Johansson at Panic Room Studios, Skara (Sweden).
Amber Galactic (2017)
The band signed to Nuclear Blast Records in 2016. Their third album, Amber Galactic was released on 19 May 2017. The Night Flight Orchestra did their first European tour as a headline show in late 2017. On 15 December 2017, the Night Flight Orchestra were nominated for a Swedish Grammy Award in the category Best Rock/Metal for Amber Galactic.
Sometimes the World Ain't Enough (2018)
Less than one week after the release of Amber Galactic, singer Björn Strid stated in an interview that the Night Flight Orchestra were likely to start recording their fourth album a couple months later, during Summer 2017, to be released in Spring 2018.
On 5 April 2018, the Night Flight Orchestra announced that their new album Sometimes the World Ain't Enough was due to release on 29 June 2018. The same day, the band announced a European tour supporting the album in November and December 2018.
Like its predecessor Amber Galactic, Sometimes The World Ain't Enough has been nominated to the Swedish Grammy Awards for best rock/metal release.
Aeromantic (2020) and Aeromantic II (2021)
Intended as a saga, the band released the first part titled Aeromantic in 2020 (which was keyboardist Richard Larsson's last work with the band before departing), while the sequel was released on September 3, 2021.
On September 14th, 2022 it was announced that guitarist David Andersson had passed away at the age of 47.
Style
The music of The Night Flight Orchestra is mostly referred to as classic rock or AOR, or more rarely as hard rock which seeks to emulate music from the 1970s and 1980s. With the album Sometimes the World Ain't Enough, the band added elements of disco music and funk. According to Matthias Weckmann from the German Metal Hammer magazine "the band delivers everything that one loves and loved about bands like Journey, Foreigner and Survivor". Björn Backes from the online magazine Powermetal.de compared the second studio album Skyline Whispers with British progressive rock of the 1970s and named Yes, Genesis, Kiss, Deep Purple and Rainbow as musical references.
Boris Kaiser from the German magazine Rock Hard compared the Night Flight Orchestra in their review for Sometimes the World Ain't Enough with bands like Toto, Kiss, Ghost, REO Speedwagon, Boston and Supertramp.
Band members
Current members
Björn "Speed" Strid – vocals (2007–present)
Sharlee D'Angelo – bass guitar (2007–present)
Jonas Källsbäck – drums (2007–present)
Sebastian Forslund – congas, percussion, guitar (2014–present)
Anna-Mia Bonde – backup vocals (2017–present)
Anna Brygård – backup vocals (2017–present)
John Lönnmyr – keyboards (2020–present)
Past members
David Andersson – guitar (2007–2022; died 2022)
Richard Larsson – keyboards (2007–2020)
Discography
Studio albums
Internal Affairs (2012)
Skyline Whispers (2015)
Amber Galactic (2017)
Sometimes the World Ain't Enough (2018)
Aeromantic (2020)
Aeromantic II (2021)
References
External links
The Night Flight Orchestra on Nuclear Blast
The Night Flight Orchestra's Myspace profile
Coroner Records - official website
Swedish hard rock musical groups
Musical groups established in 2007
Matija Jama (4 January 1872 – 6 April 1947) was a Slovene painter. Together with Rihard Jakopič, Ivan Grohar and Matej Sternen, they are considered among the best representatives of Impressionism in the Slovene Lands.
Life
Jama was born in Ljubljana, where they attended primary school and lower grammar school. They then moved with their family to Zagreb, where they began to show an interest in painting when in higher grammar school. After finishing grammar school, they enrolled in the law faculty, but in 1890 they quit their studies and left for Munich, where they enrolled in a private art school. Two years later, they returned to Ljubljana, where they made a living with their drawings. During this time, they drew illustrations for the journal Dom in svet.
With the support of the Carniolan Provincial Diet, they returned to Munich in 1897, where they enrolled in Anton Ažbe's art school. The following year, they enrolled at the Munich artistic academy, but they did not finish their studies there. In 1902, they married the Dutch painter Luiza van Raders. Jama lived and worked in different places throughout Europe: Austria, Croatia, Germany and the Netherlands. Later, they returned to the Slovene Lands, where they lived for a while in Bled and in Volčji Potok. Finally, they settled in Rašica and then in Ljubljana.
Besides oil paintings, Jama also drew designs for posters and illustrations. Among others, they illustrated the first editions of several books by the famous modernist writer Ivan Cankar. Their idols in their later life, when they had “grown out” of their Secessionist period, were Italian and French Impressionists, amongst whom the most influential was Claude Monet. In their prime, Jama was essentially a landscape painter. Even the illustrations and commissioned portraits that they produced at the start of their artistic career feature vedute.
In their later period, Jama worked together with other Slovene impressionists, in particular with Rihard Jakopič, with whom they worked in Donji Čemehovec and Kraljevec na Sutli. It was at this time that Jama began to study light and became a true impressionist. In this last period of Slovene impressionism, they painted first and foremost with watercolour, but they gave this up around 1900 and devoted themselves to painting using oil on canvas. They produced the majority of their best-known works with this technique, which they used until the end of their life.
Selected paintings
Among some 450 paintings made by Jama the most notable include:
At meal ("Pri obedu")
Garden ("Vrt")
Bridge on Dobra ("Most na Dobri")
By the river in spring/ spring-landscape with city at Blejsko jezero
Willow Trees ("Vrbe")
Ljubljana in Snow ("Ljubljana v snegu")
Saint Michlaus ("Šenklavž")
Croatian Farmer ("Hrvaški kmet")
Wheel dance ("Kolo")
Village in Winter ("Vas v zimi")
Blossoming Apple Tree ("Cvetoča jablana")
Red Parason ("Rdeči parazol")
On the Divan ("Na divanu")
References
External links
National Gallery page with pictures by Matija Jama
1872 births
1947 deaths
Slovenian impressionist painters
Artists from Ljubljana
Members of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Juan Herrera Gil (born 1952) is a retired tennis player from Spain.
Tennis career
Juniors
As a junior, they won the French Open Boys' Singles title in 1970. In the final, they defeated Jacques Thamin in three sets.
Pro tour
As a professional, their best result came in 1971 at the Concurso Internacional de Puerta de Hierro in Madrid, where they won two matches before losing to Ion Țiriac 7–9 4–6 in the third round. The Romanian, a former world No. 8, would go on to win the title.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
French Open junior champions
Spanish male tennis players
Sportspeople from Murcia
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' singles
Tennis players from the Region of Murcia
Lost Soul: The Doomed Journey of Richard Stanley's Island of Dr. Moreau is a 2014 American documentary film directed by David Gregory. The film had its world premiere at the London FrightFest Film Festival on August 24, 2014, and covers Richard Stanley's experiences while they conceived and developed the project, as well as their time as director for the 1996 film The Island of Dr. Moreau and the aftermath of their departure and the effect it had on the cast, crew, and overall film.
Synopsis
In Lost Soul Gregory looks at the filming of The Island of Dr. Moreau, specifically the period that director Richard Stanley spent on the project. Stanley was brought on to the project early but was fired only a few days after principal photography began and was replaced by John Frankenheimer. The documentary looks into Stanley's vision for the film, as they had spent years working on the movie's script and had intended for Bruce Willis to star as Edward Douglas, a role that was later given to David Thewlis. Lost Soul features interviews with several people involved with the movie's production and focuses on various aspects of the film, including numerous changes to the script and the difficulties the cast and crew members had to deal with on the set.
Cast
Reception
Critical reception for Lost Soul has been positive and the film has received praise from Nerdly and Shock Till You Drop, with the latter describing it as a "must see". IGN rated Lost Soul favorably and summed it up as "a no-holds-barred making of documentary that proves that fact really is stranger than fiction".
Release
The film premiered as part of the London FrightFest Film Festival on 24 August 2014. The film screened at the IFI's Horrorthon 2014 in Dublin, Ireland. In the United States it premiered in a limited screening in February 2015, with a start in Austin, Texas on 25 February and end on 30 March in Scottsdale, Arizona. It was also part of Phoenix International Horror & Sci-Fi Film Festival and screened on 30 March the same year in the Harkins Scottsdale 101 Theatre in Arizona.
References
External links
2014 films
2014 documentary films
Documentary films about films
2010s English-language films
Chana Porpaoin (; born 1966-03-25 in Lom Sak District, Phetchabun Province, Thailand) is a Thai boxer. Chana and their younger brother, Songkram Porpaoin, became only the second set of twins to both capture world titles (the Galaxy twins were the first).
Biography & professional career
Chana has a real name Koon Motma (คูณ หมดมา; nicknamed: Thid; ถิด). They started boxing from Muay Thai in the name "Lomnua Sakchainarong" (ลมเหนือ ศักดิ์ชัยณรงค์) by fighting regularly at Rajadamnern Stadium and also won mini flyweight champion in 1988.
They turned professional in May 1988 under Niwat "Chae-mae" Laosuwanwat of Galaxy Boxing Promotion and captured the World Boxing Association (WBA) minimumweight title with a majority decision win over Hideyuki Ohashi in early 1993 at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium, Tokyo, Japan. They defended the title against 7 fighters before losing it to Rosendo Álvarez in the late 1995 by split decision at Sa Kaeo Province, Thailand. They recaptured the belt in 2001 with a win over Keitaro Hoshino, but lost the belt in their first defense to Yutaka Niida.
In 2004, they challenged for the WBA interim minimumweight title twice again with Juan Jose Landaeta, but was not successful (including one draw).
They retired along with their brother Songkram. After retirement they opened a rice shop in Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province.
See also
List of Mini-flyweight boxing champions
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Mini-flyweight boxers
World mini-flyweight boxing champions
World Boxing Association champions
Chana Porpaoin
Chana Porpaoin
Chana Porpaoin
Chana Porpaoin
Quincy Center is an area of Quincy, Massachusetts, centered along Hancock Street and covering the downtown area of the city. The area is a retail shopping locale and also includes the City Hall, the Thomas Crane Public Library, several churches, including the United First Parish Church, where John Adams and John Quincy Adams were buried, and numerous office buildings, including the headquarters of Stop & Shop. A memorial to the soldiers of World War I along with various statues of other great figures can be found in the vicinity. It is served by a large Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) station which includes subway access, bus service and a large parking garage.
Annual events
Sidewalk Sale - takes place over one weekend in July. This is a very popular event when people come from all around to buy items and enjoy rides and fun events, similar to a block party. A portion of Hancock Street is blocked off, and many local stores and business set up canopies along the street to conduct business with the patrons.
Thanksgiving Day Parade - takes place the Saturday morning before Thanksgiving and features various local groups, marching bands, and Thanksgiving themed floats.
Christmas Parade - takes place the Sunday afternoon after Thanksgiving and features various local groups, marching bands, Christmas themed floats, and concludes once Santa Claus has passed, riding on top of a fire truck. Quincy is one of the few cities/towns outside of Boston to have a Christmas Parade.
Quincy First Night - takes place on the night of December 31st and carries over into January 1. There are numerous ice sculptures located outside of City Hall. Quincy First Night 2009 was canceled due to budget constraints.
Flag Day Parade - takes place on Flag Day afternoon with numerous non-profit organizations and school children marching through Hancock Street with American Flags
Education
Quincy College, Quincy's two-year community college, is located in the Quincy Center neighborhood.
External links
Official site
Neighborhoods in Massachusetts
Populated places in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Quincy, Massachusetts
Mercato Shopping Mall is a shopping centre in the Jumeirah area of Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The mall is designed to look like a Mediterranean town during the European Renaissance in Italy. Opening in 2002, the name "mercato" comes from the Italian word meaning "market." The mall has a gross leasable area of and a total area of .
Stores include:
Axiom Telecom
PAUL
Spinneys
Beauty By Edge
Borders
The Little Things
Sand Dollar Dubai
Gallery
External links
Official Website
Mercato Mall Shops
References
Shopping malls established in 2002
Shopping malls in Dubai
2002 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
The Rock is the tenth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. Their first album of Christian music, it was released on June 9, 2009, on their own Rocky Comfort label. Lead-off single "Up to Him" debuted at number 57 on the Hot Country Songs chart, and reached 47 shortly after the album's release.
Country Weekly gave the album 3.5 stars out of 5, saying that it "emphasizes at all turns the shared imperfections that we all strive to overcome in order to be good people".
Track listing
"Dear Lord" (Flip Anderson, Tracy Lawrence) – 3:18
"Every Prayer" (Michael Dulaney, Greg Johnson) – 3:02
"I'm Done" (Steve Seskin, Allen Shamblin) – 3:29
"The Book You Never Read" (Michael T. Post, Fred Wilhelm) – 3:57
"The Rock" (Jeff Batson, Aaron Scherz, Thom Shepherd) – 4:03
"Somebody Who Would Die for You" (Mark Narmore, Adam Wheeler) – 3:47
"Jesus Come Talk to Your Children" (Rick Huckaby, Paul Nelson) – 2:45
"I Know Where Heaven Is" (Dave Berg, Annie Tate, Sam Tate) – 3:37
"Up to Him" (Tim Johnson, David Kent) – 2:56
"Say a Prayer" (Jimmy Melton, Craig Morgan, Phil O'Donnell) – 3:22
Personnel
Gregg Stocki- drums
Joe Caverlee- fiddle, mandolin
Melodie Crittenden- background vocals
Wes Hightower- background vocals
Patrick Lassiter- bass guitar
Tracy Lawrence- lead vocals
B. James Lowry- acoustic guitar
Brent Mason- electric guitar
Kim Parent- background vocals
Steve Poole- keyboards
Chart performance
Album
The album debuted at number 20 on Billboard'''s Top Country Albums chart, becoming Lawrence's lowest-peaking studio album. It also became their second album to not chart in the Top 100 of the Billboard'' 200 charts. While the album did not fare as well commercially as their other releases, it did garner Lawrence their first Grammy nomination, which was in the Best Southern, Country or Bluegrass Gospel Album category.
Singles
References
2009 albums
Tracy Lawrence albums
Albums produced by Julian King (recording engineer)
The Three Musketeers is an American Saturday morning cartoon produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions for NBC. It premiered in 1968, running for 18 episodes as a segment on The Banana Splits Adventure Hour. The cartoon is based on the famous 1844 novel The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas.
Premise
Athos (voiced by Jonathan Harris), Porthos (voiced by Barney Phillips), Aramis (voiced by Don Messick), and D'Artagnan (voiced by Bruce Watson) partake in new adventures fighting the enemies of the crowned heads of France King Louis XIV (voiced by Don Messick) and Queen Anne (voiced by Julie Bennett). They are sometimes assisted by a queen's handmaid named Lady Constance Bonacieux (voiced by Julie Bennett) and their young nephew Tooly (voiced by Teddy Eccles). A recurring theme has Tooly trying to prove themselves worthy of becoming a Musketeer but the Musketeers won't allow them into their services because of their age. Tooley, who has a white horse, named Lightning, does get a present from the Musketeers, a mule for their birthday. Several of the cartoons end with the famous "All for one, and one for all" slogan.
Episodes
See also
The Three Musketeers (1973)
List of works produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions
List of Hanna-Barbera characters
References
External links
Episode guide at the Big Cartoon DataBase
The Banana Splits
1968 American television series debuts
1969 American television series endings
NBC original programming
1960s American animated television series
American children's animated adventure television series
American children's animated fantasy television series
Hanna-Barbera superheroes
Television series by Hanna-Barbera
Television shows set in France
Television series set in the 17th century
Television shows based on The Three Musketeers
Television series segments
Norman Mackenzie is the multiple Grammy Award winning director of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Chorus and Chamber Chorus. Mackenzie holds The Frannie and Bill Graves Chair as Director of Choruses for the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra. They have won Grammy Awards for the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and Chorus performances of Vaughn William's A Sea Symphony, Berlioz' Requiem, and others including with Robert Spano conducting. They have received numerous other Grammy nominations for their choruses.
Along with being the director of the choruses for the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, Mackenzie is the Director of Music at Trinity Presbyterian Church in Atlanta.  They are the organist, director of the chancel choir, and director of the youth choir at Trinity.
Mackenzie was a prodigal musician as a pianist and organist. At 12 years old they joined the Philadelphia Orchestra (one of the "Big Five" American orchestras) and, at the age of 16, was the youngest finalist in the National Young Artist Competition of the American Guild of Organists. They subsequently earned a master's degree from the Westminster Choir College. Mackenzie's organ recitals are still featured on NPR's "Performance Today".
As a 15 year old organist for a Philadelphia church, their interest in choral music was sparked from their work with the choir. Mackenzie later served for 14 years as the apprentice for the conductor and famous choral director, Robert Shaw, at the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and Chorus, finally taking over in 2000 as director of the Symphony's Chorus and its Chamber Chorus. Mackenzie is apparently very well-liked and popular among all of their choirs as one who inspires, and they are considered to be one of the best chorus directors of all time as evidenced by their multiple awards.
References
External links
Biography at Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Chorus
The Official Website of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Chorus
Discography of Atlanta Symphony Chorus recordings
American male conductors (music)
Grammy Award winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American conductors (music)
21st-century American male musicians
An art dealer is a person or company that buys and sells works of art, or acts as the intermediary between the buyers and sellers of art.
An art dealer in contemporary art typically seeks out various artists to represent, and builds relationships with collectors and museums whose interests are likely to match the work of the represented artists. Some dealers are able to anticipate market trends, while some prominent dealers may be able to influence the taste of the market. Many dealers specialize in a particular style, period, or region. They often travel internationally, frequenting exhibitions, auctions, and artists' studios looking for good buys, little-known treasures, and exciting new works. When dealers buy works of art, they resell them either in their galleries or directly to collectors. Those who deal in contemporary art in particular usually exhibit artists' works in their own galleries. They will often take part in preparing the works of art to be revealed or processed.
Art dealers' professional associations serve to set high standards for accreditation or membership and to support art exhibitions and shows.
History
The art dealer as a distinct profession perhaps emerged in the Italian Renaissance, in particular to feed the new appetite among collectors for classical antiquities, including coins. The somewhat disreputable character of Jacopo Strada is often said to be reflected in their portrait by Titian (1567).
Job requirements
Art dealers often study the history of art before entering on their careers. Related careers that often cross-over include curators of museums and art auction firms are industry-related careers. Gallery owners who do not succeed may seek to work for more successful galleries. Others pursue careers as art critics, academics, curators of museums or auction houses, or practicing artists.
Dealers have to understand the business side of the art world. They keep up with trends in the market and are knowledgeable about the style of art people want to buy. They figure out how much they should pay for a piece and then estimate the resale price. They are also often passionate and knowledgeable about art. Those who deal with contemporary art promote new artists, creating a market for the artists' works and securing financial success for themselves. The art world is subject to economic booms and bust just like any other market. Art dealers must be economically conscious in order to maintain their livelihoods. The mark ups of art work must be carefully monitored. If prices and profits are too large, then investments may be devalued should an overstock or economic downturn occur.
To determine an artwork's value, dealers inspect the objects or paintings closely, and compare the fine details with similar pieces. Some dealers with many years of experience learn to identify unsigned works by examining stylistic features such as brush strokes, color, form. They recognize the styles of different periods and individual artists. Often art dealers are able to distinguish authentic works from forgeries (although even dealers are sometimes fooled).
Notable art dealers
Contemporary gallery
The term contemporary art gallery refers to a private for-profit commercial gallery. These galleries are found clustered together in large urban centers. Smaller cities are home to at least one gallery, but they may also be found in towns or villages, and remote areas where artists congregate, e.g. the Taos art colony and St Ives, Cornwall.
Contemporary art galleries are often open to the general public without charge; however, some are semi-private. They profit by taking a portion of art sales; twenty-five to fifty per cent is typical. There are also many non-profit or collective galleries. Some galleries in cities like Tokyo charge the artists a flat rate per day, though this is considered distasteful in some international art markets. Galleries often hang solo shows. Curators often create group shows with a message about a certain theme, trend in art, or group of associated artists. Galleries sometimes choose to represent exclusive artists, giving them opportunities for regular shows.
A gallery's definition can also include the artist cooperative or artist-run space, which often (in North America and Western Europe) operates as a space with a more democratic mission and selection process. Such galleries have a board of directors and a volunteer or paid support staff who select and curate shows by committee, or some kind of similar process to choose art often lacking commercial ends.
Vanity galleries
A vanity gallery is an art gallery charging fees from artists to show their work, much like a vanity press does for authors. The shows lack legitimate curation and often include as many artists as possible. Most art professionals are able to identify them on an artist's resume.
Professional organizations
Antique Tribal Art Dealers Association, Inc. (ATADA)
Art Dealers Association of America (ADAA)
Art and Antique Dealers League of America (AADLA)
Association of Art and Antiques Dealers (LAPADA)
British Art Market Federation (BAMF)
British Antique Dealers' Association (BADA)
Confédération Internationale des Négociants en Oeuvres d'Art (CINOA)
Fine Art Dealers Association (FADA)
French art dealers committee
New Art Dealers Alliance (NADA)
Private Art Dealers Association (PADA)
Society of London Art Dealers (SLAD)
The European Fine Art Foundation (TEFAF)
See also
List of art dealers
Appraiser
Art finance
Art market
Art sale
Art valuation
Auction
Blockage discount
Curator
References
External links
Cartoon Strip about Art Dealers in The Tatler Retrieved February 2013
Business of visual arts
Visual arts occupations
Museum industry
The second season of Canada's Drag Race premiered on October 14, and concluded on December 16, 2021. The season aired on Crave in Canada and WOW Presents Plus internationally.
Casting for the second season started early 2021 and the twelve contestants were announced on September 14, 2021.
The winner of the second season of Canada's Drag Race was Icesis Couture, with Kendall Gender and Pythia as runners-up.
Contestants
Ages, names, and cities stated are at time of filming.
Contestant progress
Lip syncs
Guest judges
In June 2021, new judges for the second season were announced. Brad Goreski, Amanda Brugel, and Traci Melchor replace Stacey McKenzie and Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman behind the judging table. The season also included several guest judges. Listed in chronological order:
Caitlin Cronenberg, photographer
Hollywood Jade, choreographer
Fefe Dobson, singer-songwriter
Connor Jessup, actor
Bif Naked, singer-songwriter
Gigi Gorgeous, YouTuber and model
Emma Hunter, actor and comedian
Mitsou, singer and actor
Special guests
Episode 2
Thom Allison, actor
Episode 3
Jimbo, contestant on the first season of Canada's Drag Race
Episode 4
Boman "Bomanizer" Martinez-Reid, TikToker and influencer
Episode 10
Priyanka, winner of the first season of Canada's Drag Race
Hollywood Jade, choreographer
Irvin Washington, assistant choreographer
Episodes
Awards
References
2021 Canadian television seasons
2021 in LGBT history
Canada's Drag Race seasons
Ralph Warner Hammett (1896-1984) was an American architect and professor. Hammett earned their first degree in architecture came from the University of Minnesota in 1919, and another in 1923 from Harvard University. At Harvard, they were awarded the prestigious Rome Prize.
After a period in academia at the University of Michigan, Hammett joined the United States Army Civil Affairs Training School at Harvard University in 1943. They enlisted in the United States Army in late August 1943, and was assigned to the European Civil Affairs Division.
In 1944, Hammett was stationed in Paris as a Monuments Officer with the Communications Zone (“Com Z”). It was during this period that they assisted in establishing a card catalogue of important European monuments arranged by location. At the same time, field reports were coming in from Monuments Men in the field and these reports were merged into Hammett's catalogue. The resulting catalog became a centralized location for the most up-to-date information on monuments and fine art available during the World War II and was central to the success of the Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives program.
After the war, Hammett returned to academia as a professor at the University of Michigan. As an architect, Hammett designed the interior of the Abraham Lincoln Memorial in Springfield, Illinois and Courthouse Place in Chicago.
Hammett died on July 11, 1984, in Rochester, Minnesota.
A character based on Hammett was portrayed by Bill Murray in the 2014 film, The Monuments Men, which details the story of the Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives program.
References
1896 births
1984 deaths
Harvard Graduate School of Design alumni
University of Minnesota School of Architecture alumni
University of Michigan faculty
Parathyreinae is a subfamily of fossil beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following genera and species:
Genus Acmaeoderimorpha Alexeev, 1993
Acmaeoderimorpha emersa Alexeev, 1996
Acmaeoderimorpha ignota Alexeev, 1993
Genus Ancestrimorpha Alexeev, 1993
Ancestrimorpha volgensis Alexeev, 1993
Genus Cretocrassisoma Alexeev, 2000
Cretocrassisoma indistinctum (Alexeev, 1993)
Genus Cretoelegantella Alexeev, 2000
Cretoelegantella ponomarenkoi (Alexeev, 1993)
Genus Dicercoptera Alexeev, 1993
Dicercoptera longipennis Alexeev, 1993
Genus Karatausia Alexeev, 1993
Karatausia maculata Alexeev, 1993
Genus Mongoligena Alexeev, 1993
Mongoligena curta Alexeev, 1993
Mongoligena popovi Alexeev, 1993
Mongoligena vulgata Alexeev, 1993
Genus Mongolobuprestis Alexeev, 1993
Mongolobuprestis gratiosus Alexeev, 1993
Genus Paleas Alexeev, 1993
Paleas maculipennis Alexeev, 1993
Genus Paramongoligena Alexeev, 1993
Paramongoligena transversicollis Alexeev, 1993
Genus Parathyrea Alexeev, 1993
Parathyrea jurassica Alexeev, 1993
Genus Pseudochrysobothris Alexeev, 1993
Pseudochrysobothris ballae (Whalley & Jarzembowski, 1985)
Genus Pseudomongoligena Alexeev, 2000
Pseudomongoligena schinkudukense Alexeev, 2000
Genus Stigmoderimorpha Alexeev, 1993
Stigmoderimorpha rasnitsyni Alexeev, 1993
Genus Umerata Alexeev, 1993
Umerata mirabilis Alexeev, 1993
References
Beetle subfamilies
Hilgardia was a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the California Agricultural Experiment Station, which was founded by the Agricultural Experiment Stations Act of 1887. The title honors Eugene W. Hilgard, who was from 1875 to 1904 Professor of Agricultural Chemistry at UC Berkeley and was also the California Agricultural Experiment Station's first Director. The journal, which was published from 1925 (volume 1) to 1995 (volume 62), published a total of 972 articles.
The Hilgardia Project, launched in April 2011, has now made freely available all of the Hilgardia articles in online pdf format. Many of the articles, 71 of which deal with viticulture, are still of scientific and commercial interest. According to Janet White:
Selected publications with high citation numbers
(over 2000 citations)
(over 1300 citations)
(over 1600 citations)
References
External links
Irregular journals
English-language journals
Biology journals
Agricultural journals
Publications established in 1925
Publications disestablished in 1995
Defunct journals of the United States
Eman is a Tivoid language of Cameroon. The rather divergent dialects are Eman proper and Amanavil.
References
Languages of Cameroon
Tivoid languages
Johnny Edwards (27 March 1912 – 12 November 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1912 births
1973 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
The Qualification Competition for the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship.
The Draw
The draw for the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship (Qualifiers) will take place at AFC House on 20 February 2009.
A total of 42 teams will come out of the pots. In the West Zone, there are 24 teams, while the East Zone will comprise 18 teams.
There will be four groups of six teams each in the West Zone and the East will comprise three groups of six teams each.
Qualification
The winner and runners-up of each group qualifies for the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship (Finals). One best third-placed team from the West Zone and one best third-placed team from the East also qualify for the Finals.
Seedings
West Asia
(Ranked 1st to 22nd)
East Asia
(Ranked 1st to 16th)
Notes
and and and – Did not enter
– Withdrew
– withdrew
– withdrew
– withdrew
Matches
Group A
All matches were held in Kathmandu, Nepal (UTC+5:45).
Group B
All matches in Al Ain, United Arab Emirates
Group C
All Matches in Iraq
Group D
All matches in Iran. Pakistan were stripped of the hosting rights
Group E
All matches in Thailand
Group F
All matches in Bandung, Indonesia
Group G
All matches in Zibo, China PR
Third-placed qualifiers
At the end of the first stage, a comparison was made between the third placed teams of each group. The one best third-placed teams from the West Zone (Group A to D) and one best third-placed team from the East (Group E to G) would also advance to the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship.
West Zone
Because two groups has one team fewer than the others, following the withdrawal of Bhutan and the Maldives, matches against the sixth-placed team in each group are not included in this ranking. As a result, four matches played by each team will count for the purposes of the third-placed table.
East Zone
Qualifiers
See also
2010 AFC U-16 Championship qualification
References
External links
Details on AFC.com
2010
qual
Qual
The Batan scaly-toed gecko (Lepidodactylus balioburius) is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Philippines.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1989
Moses H. Kirby (May 21, 1798 – March 3, 1889) was a politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who first served in the Ohio House of Representatives in 1826, was the third Ohio Secretary of State, and was a State Senator as late as 1884, 57 years after they first served in the Statehouse.
Biography
Moses H. Kirby was born in Halifax County, Virginia. They and their twin brother, Jacob, were the third and fourth of five sons of Quakers Obediah and Ruth (Hendrix) Kirby. Obediah died in 1808 in Halifax County. The oldest son died in the War of 1812, and Ruth and the four remaining sons moved to Hillsboro, Highland County, Ohio in 1814. Ruth sent Moses and Jacob to a classical school in Ripley, Ohio, and to the University of North Carolina, where they graduated in 1819.
Moses Kirby studied law, and after admission to the bar, they were appointed Prosecuting Attorney of Highland County 1825–1830. They also are elected a member of the Ohio House of Representatives off and on from 1826 to 1831. While in the Assembly in 1831, they were elected by the assembly as the third Ohio Secretary of State on the sixth ballot over six competitors. They served until 1834.
Relocation
Kirby re-located to near Upper Sandusky in what would later become Wyandot County, Ohio after the end of their term. There, they were a lawyer, and agent to the Wyandot reservation, until their removal from the state. They were among the first residents of the town after the Indians removed in 1843. The first meeting of the Court of Common Pleas in the newly formed Wyandot County was held in Kirby's office in 1845. They also are receiver of public money at the Federal Land Office in Upper Sandusky, under appointment of President John Tyler.
Kirby was a Whig until that party dissolved, when they became a Republican. They served at an advanced age in the Ohio State Senate, 1880–1884.
Kirby married Emma Miner. Their three sons all participated in the American Civil War. Kirby may have been the oldest living Freemason in the state when they died March 3, 1889 in Upper Sandusky, or perhaps in 1893.
References
1798 births
1889 deaths
Secretaries of State of Ohio
Ohio Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Ohio Republicans
County district attorneys in Ohio
People from Halifax County, Virginia
People from Hillsboro, Ohio
People from Upper Sandusky, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
American Quakers
A Little Crane () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Nikolay Moskalenko.
Plot
The film takes place after the war. Surviving soldiers return to their native village. Among them was not Martha's husband, whom they had been waiting for all these years, but nevertheless they remained faithful to him.
Cast
Lyudmila Chursina as Marfa
Nonna Mordyukova as Glafira
Tatyana Pelttser as Nastasya
Rimma Markova as Avdotya
Armen Dzhigarkhanyan as Styshnoy
Nikolai Gritsenko as Markelov
Georgi Zhzhyonov as Father Leonid
Evgeniy Shutov as Zulya
Aleksei Karpushkin as Seryozha (as Alyosha Karpushkin)
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1968 drama films
Mosfilm films
Michael Vincent Lee (born November 29, 1968) is a Republican member of the North Carolina State Senate.
Lee was first appointed to office in August 2014 replacing Thom Goolsby.
They were re-elected at the November 2016 election for a second term, having defeated Democrat Andrew Barnhill 57.35% to 42.65%. They were defeated by Democrat Harper Peterson in the 2018 election and defeated Peterson in a rematch in the 2020 election.
Lee holds a bachelor's degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a law degree from Wake Forest University.
As a lawyer, Lee started their own law firm in 2012.
References
External links
State Senate biography page
Vote Smart bio of Lee
|-
1968 births
Living people
North Carolina state senators
North Carolina Republicans
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Wake Forest University alumni
North Carolina lawyers
21st-century American politicians
Patrick Thrall is an American rock guitarist. Thrall began their recording career in 1972. They played guitar, vocals, and percussion with the group Cookin' Mama, which had their brother, Preston Thrall, on percussion. They released the album New Day in 1972.
Thrall was born and raised in Alameda, California. Starting as a drummer at 11, then moving to guitar at 13, by age 15 they joined the Alameda band "Cookin' Mama". The band had some success in the San Francisco Bay Area and released the album "New Day" in 1972. At age 18 Thrall was involved in the first ever instructional book for rock guitar titled "Improvising Rock Guitar Vol 1".
Career
Thrall has worked with former Deep Purple bassist Glenn Hughes on the Hughes/Thrall project, and was a member of the Pat Travers Band during the peak of their success. They co-wrote one of Pat Travers' biggest hits, a hard-driving tune titled "Snortin' Whiskey", which became one of the most requested songs on American radio in 1980. Thrall later joined Asia, and played lead guitar for Meat Loaf during that artist's major comeback in the 1990s.
They began attracting attention as a guitarist in 1976 after the release of "Automatic Man" (signed by Chris Blackwell-Island Records), a band that was put together by former Santana drummer, Michael Shrieve. The band recorded their first album in London with Keith Harwood producing (Led Zeppelin Presence, The Rolling Stones Black and Blue). In 1978, Thrall was chosen for the co-lead spot with Pat Travers. They recorded three LP's with Travers: Heat In The Street, Go For What You Know and Crash And Burn. Their first hit was "Boom Boom Out Goes The Lights". The latter LP featured the hit "Snortin' Whiskey", which Thrall co-wrote with Travers.
Thrall came to the attention of Glenn Hughes; the chemistry between the two clicked immediately when they formed Hughes/Thrall in 1981 in Los Angeles. The album was co-produced by Andy Johns and Rob Fraboni. The record was not a commercial success but furthered Thrall's reputation with many musicians at the time citing the Hughes/Thrall record as a major inspiration. Gary Moore gave Thrall a nod crediting them for "inspiration" on the Gary Moore & G-Force album.
After the demise of Hughes/Thrall they moved to New York and worked as a studio musician and as a sideman touring with major artists. They recorded two albums with the Jamaican rhythm section Sly and Robbie. They played on the Tina Turner album "Foreign Affair" and was featured on the classic "Simply The Best".
In 1988, Thrall toured and recorded with the legendary Jack Bruce of Cream fame. The performance at The Bitter End in New York City was historic as it reunited Jack Bruce and Eric Clapton for the first time since the last Cream concert at the Royal Albert Hall. They recorded and toured with Meat Loaf on their 1993 comeback record "Bat Out of Hell II" which was one of the biggest albums of the year with the hit "I Would Do Anything for Love".
After recording two more albums and after several tours Thrall left Meat Loaf in 1996 and opened one of the first Pro Tools based production suites at Avatar studios in New York City. The technology was in its infancy but Thrall saw the incredible possibilities and put together a mobile system that could be taken to the other studios at Avatar. Thrall found their niche and success as producer and engineer, becoming a technology leader, pioneering the use of Pro Tools for studio recordings. They have also lent their talent and support to initiatives such as Nelson Mandela's foundation to fight AIDS in Africa.
Between 2007 and 2011, they worked with producers Tricky Stewart and The-Dream, who were responsible for Rihanna's "Umbrella", Justin Bieber's "Baby", Beyonce's "Single Ladies", Mariah Carey's "Touch My Body", and Jay-Z's "Holy Grail". Since 2014, they have continued to work on such projects as Demi Lovato's version of "Let It Go"; Celine Dion and Stevie Wonder's duet of "Overjoyed", and many songs with Jessie J, including the duet with Tom Jones, "You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling".
Discography
Cookin Mama
New Day (guitar, vocals, percussion; 1972)
Stomu Yamashta
Go (guitar; 1976)
Delroy Washington - I-Sus
"Generation Game", "Freedom Fighters" (lead guitar; 1976)
Automatic Man
Automatic man (guitar, vocals; 1976)
Visitors (guitar; 1977)
Alphonso Johnson
Spellbound (guitar; 1977)
Pat Travers Band
Heat in the Street (guitar; 1978)
Live! Go for What You Know (guitar; 1979)
Crash and Burn (guitar; 1980)
Radio Active (guitar; 1981)
Live in Concert (guitar; 1980)
Hughes/Thrall
Hughes/Thrall (guitar, guitar synthesizer; 1982)
Dan Aykroyd & Tom Hanks
City Of Crime - from Dragnet (1987) (guitar; 1987)
Sly and Robbie
Rhythm Killers (guitar; 1987)
Asia
Live in Moscow (guitar; 1990)
Now Nottingham Live (guitar; )
Meat Loaf
Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell (guitar, percussion; 1992)
Welcome to the Neighborhood (guitar; 1995)
Live Around the World (guitar; 1996)
Glenn Hughes
Feel (guitar, co-producer; 1995)
Praxis
Mold (guitar; 1998)
Joe Satriani
Engines of Creation (bass; 2000)
MTV's Wuthering Heights
MTV's Wuthering Heights (guitar, co-producer; 2003)
Kim Plainfield & Lincoln Goines
Night and Day (guitar; 2002)
References
External links
Biography on the official homepage of Pat Thrall and Glenn Hughes
1950s births
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
Asia (band) members
Neverland Express members
Living people
Guitarists from San Francisco
People from Alameda, California
20th-century American guitarists
Automatic Man members
United Doctors Medical Center (UDMC) is a 250-bed hospital in Quezon City, Philippines. It also hosts a school of nursing. UDMC "pioneered technological advancement in the field of ultrasonography", and offers a number of different diagnostic and screening tests.
References
Hospitals in Quezon City
Buildings and structures in Quezon City
Minuscule 849 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Κι60 (von Soden), is a 17th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper. The manuscript has no complex context.
Description
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of John (7:25-10:18) on 152 paper leaves (size ), with a catena. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena, the commentary is of Cyril's authorship.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a mixture of the text-types. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex placed in Category III.
History
F. H. A. Scrivener and C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 17th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 17th century.
Probably it was rewritten from minuscule 850 (12th century).
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (730e) and Gregory (849e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Barb. gr. 495), in Rome.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
External links
Greek New Testament minuscules
17th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Vatican Library
Heinrich Schweizer (born September 5, 1943) is a Swiss composer of classical music. Schweizer first rose to prominence with their Historical Symphony, completed in 1974, which was premiered by the American Symphony Orchestra conducted by David Gilbert at Avery Fisher Hall on May 14, 1979. Some of their other notable compositions include Sinfonietta, the Pentatonic and East West Symphony.
See also
List of Swiss composers
References
Living people
1943 births
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
Swiss male classical composers
Swiss classical composers
Swiss male composers
20th-century male musicians
21st-century male musicians
20th-century Swiss composers
21st-century Swiss composers
John Lycett (1804-1882) was an English paleontologist. They were a physician at Minchinhampton from c.1840-1860. In 1860 they moved to Scarborough in Yorkshire and the "wide dispersal of their magnificent collection of fossils from this area [quarries on Minchinhampton Common ] commenced". Their monograph on the Great Oolite is one of just a handful of monographs describing and illustrating the British Jurassic gastropod and bivalve fauna.
They were awarded the Lyell Medal by the Geological Society of London in 1882.
Works
1851-1854 with the geologist John Morris A monograph of the Mollusca from the Great Oolite. Volume 1, Chiefly from Minchinhampton and the coast of Yorkshire (in three parts published between 1850 and 1854, covering cephalopods, gastropods and worms as well as bivalves).
1863 with John Morris A Monograph of the Mollusca from the Great Oolite Supplement - Volume 2: Mollusca from the Stonesfield Slate, Great Oolite, Forest Marble, and Cornbrash.
1857 The Cotteswold Hills. Hand-book introductory to their geology and palaeontology. Piper, Stephenson and Spence, London.
Taxa established by Morris & Lycett
partial list
Megalodontidae Morris & Lycett, 1853
Purpuroidea Lycett, 1848
Nododelphinula buckmani (Morris & Lycett, 1850
Amberleya J. Morris & Lycett, 1851
Plagiostoma bellula Morris and Lycett 1853
References
Hugh S. Torrens and Michael A. Taylor Collections, collectors and museums of note No. 55 Geological collectors and museums in Cheltenham 1810-1988 A case history and its lessons Geological Curator, Vol.5, No.5, 1990 (for 1988), pp. 175–213 online pdf
Lambrecht W, Quenstedt W, Quenstedt A. (1938) Palaeontologi: Catalogus bio-bibliographicus. Fossilium Catalogus I: Animalia 72: 1–495. [reprinted 1978, Arno Press, New York]
Cleevely R.J. (1983) World palaeontological collections. British Museum (Natural History) and Mansell, London, 365 pp.
English palaeontologists
1882 deaths
1804 births
Lyell Medal winners
The Man from Death Valley is a 1931 American Western film directed by Lloyd Nosler and written by Lloyd Nosler and George Arthur Durlam. The film stars Tom Tyler. The film was released on September 9, 1931, by Monogram Pictures.
Cast
Tom Tyler as Dave
John Oscar as Hank
Betty Mack as Ann
Gino Corrado as Ortego
Stanley Blystone as Sheriff Jeffries
Si Jenks as Bank Teller
Hank Bell as Deputy
References
External links
1931 films
American Western (genre) films
1931 Western (genre) films
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Lloyd Nosler
1930s American films
Linde Merckpoel (born 17 October 1984) is a Belgian vlogger and radio presenter. They were a vlogger for the Flemish public television channel Eén and a radio presenter for the Flemish radio station Studio Brussel where they were a figurehead for years.
Biography
They were born in Hamme and grew up in Eksaare (Lokeren). Them career at VRT radio started in July 2007 at the VRT news service as a newsreader at Studio Brussel and Radio Donna. From September 2008 they became active at Studio Brussel as a radio presenter.
In the fall of 2013 they had their own late evening program on Studio Brussel: Linde Late Night, airing between 10 pm and midnight. In December they were one of the three presenters of Music for Life 2013 (Music For Life 2013). From 6 January 2014 they presented the evening program Linde Live with Joris Lenaerts as their sidekick.
During the 2015-2016 radio season, they presented the At Your Service program on Studio Brussel.
From the 2016-2017 radio season, they presented Linde Staat Op every working day morning from 6 to 9 am. They were assisted in the first two seasons by sidekick Bram Willems, and from September 2018 by Jonas Decleer.
References
1984 births
Living people
Belgian radio presenters
People from Lokeren
People from Hamme
Santiago Álvarez is a Spanish writer, musician and theatre practitioner. They were born in Murcia in 1973. They have published a number of short stories and two novels: La Ciudad de la Memoria (2015) and El Jardín de Cartón (2016). They have also written, directed and acted in stage plays and musicals, and recorded several albums.  They are a specialist in the history of Valencia.  They are also regarded as the first tutor in Spain of Scrivener, the software programme for writers.
References
Spanish writers
1973 births
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
"Robot" is a song by the South Korean rock band CN Blue, written and produced by Jung Yong-hwa and Kosuke Oba. It was released on December 19, 2012 in three different editions as the group's fourth major single under Warner Music Japan and seventh overall. It follows previous singles "Where You Are" and "Come On".
Background
The single was announced by their Korean agency, FNC Media, on November 14 along with the track list of the single and editions. On November 22, an image was released on their Japanese official website, revealing the jacket covers, producers, prices and bonus gifts included in every edition. The song was chosen as opening theme for Nippon Television's TV show Happy Music during December.
Editions
The single was released in three editions, two limited and a regular edition:
A limited CD+DVD edition, including the CD single and a special DVD with the music video of "Robot", a special feature from the recordings of the music video and performances from the show "Code Name Blue release live at Pacifico Yokohama", realized on September 9, 2012.
A regular CD only edition, including the CD single and a different jacket cover.
A limited Warner Music Direct Store edition, including the CD single in a digipak packaging, a different jacket cover, five christmas cards and a christmas ornament in format of a bell. This edition is only available to purchase on Warner Music Japan's digital store, Warner Music Direct.
Composition
"Robot" was written and produced by the member Jung Yong-hwa and Kosuke Oba, who also helped to translate the song to Japanese. "Ring", the first b-side, was also written and produced by Yong-hwa. "Starlit Night", the second b-side, was written and produced by the member Lee Jong-hyun.
Music video
A 30-seconds preview was released on Warner Music Japan's YouTube account on November 26. The full music video premiered on the music TV station Space Shower TV on December 2, 2012.
Track listing
Charts
In its first day of release the physical single debuted at number two in Oricon's daily chart with 24,001 copies sold. In its second day the single sold 11,373 copies, staying at the number two. It debuted at number two on Oricon's weekly chart with 42,563 copies sold on the first week, only behind to Nogizaka46's "Seifuku no Mannequin".
Oricon
Release history
References
Songs about robots
2012 singles
Japanese-language songs
CNBLUE songs
Songs written by Jung Yong-hwa
Warner Music Japan singles
2012 songs
The Pacte Progressista (, Pacte), officially the Pacte Progressista d'Eivissa (), was an electoral alliance formed in Ibiza by the Socialist Party of the Balearic Islands, United Left of Ibiza, The Greens of Ibiza, Entesa Nacionalista i Ecologista () and Republican Left of Catalonia to contest the 1999 and 2003 regional elections. Previously, it had contested the 1996 Senate election in both Ibiza and Formentera as Eivissa i Formentera al Senat (), and it would also contest the 2000 Senate election as the Pacte per Eivissa i Formentera ().
Background
Ahead of the 1996 general election, Ibiza and Formentera only elected one senator to the Spanish Cortes. The disunity of the nationalist and left-of-centre forces always meant that the senator was won by right-of-centre parties. As a result, the Pact was meant as a unitary candidacy of all left parties, obtaining a great electoral success by winning the senator from the People's Party.
Composition
References
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
Defunct political party alliances in Spain
Political parties established in 1996
Political parties disestablished in 2006
is a semimonthly seinen manga magazine published since 18 February 1968 by Shogakukan in Japan. It was originally launched as a monthly magazine, but switched to twice monthly on the 10th and 25th beginning in April 1968. It is paired with sister magazine Big Comic Original, going on sale in the weeks Big Comic Original does not. Circulation in 2008 was reported at slightly over a half-million copies. but by mid-2015 had declined to 315,000, as part of an industry-wide trend in manga magazine sales.
The magazine has published works by a number of well-known manga artists, including Osamu Tezuka, Shotaro Ishinomori, Sanpei Shirato, Takao Saito, Fujiko A. Fujio, Fujiko F. Fujio, and Tetsuya Chiba. Big Comic also serializes Saito's Golgo 13, which is the oldest manga series still in publication.
The front cover of the magazine featured a caricature of a famous individual by manga illustrator Shūichi Higurashi for more than forty years. Higurashi's drawings were featured on the cover of Big Comic from 1970 until 2011. Higurashi retired in the autumn of 2011 due to failing health.
List of works
Currently serialized
These series appear according to a regular schedule in the magazine.
by Takao Saito
by Tsuyoshi Nakaima
by Yoichi Komori and Yutaka Toudo
by Keisuke Yamashina
, written by Norio Hayashi and illustrated by Ken'ichirō Takai
by Tōru Nakajima
Irregularly serialized
These series are currently serialized, but have no specific schedule for when each chapter appears in the magazine.
Uchū Kazoku Nobeyama by Jirō Okazaki
Formerly serialized
A Distant Neighborhood by Jiro Taniguchi
Akabee by Hiroshi Kurogane
Ayako by Osamu Tezuka
Barbara by Osamu Tezuka
Big Wing, written by Masao Yajima and illustrated by Shinji Hikino
C-kyū Salaryman Kōza by Keisuke Yamashina
Chūshun Komawari-kun by Tatsuhiko Yamagami
Cruise: Ishi Yamada Kōhei Kōkaishi, written by Masao Yajima and illustrated by Hiroyuki Kikuta
Double Face by Fujihiko Hosono
Eagle: The Making of an Asian-American President by Kaiji Kawaguchi
Five by Riki Kusaka, created by Yuzuru Hirayama
Gekiga ObaQ by Fujiko F. Fujio
Gekitō Magnitude 7.7 by Takao Yamaguchi
Gin no Shippo by Shinri Mori
Gringo by Osamu Tezuka
Hana China written by Yūji Nishi and illustrated by Shinji Hikino
Happyaku Yachō Hyōri no Kewaishi by Shotaro Ishinomori
Hidamari no Ki by Osamu Tezuka
Hotel by Shotaro Ishinomori
I.L. by Osamu Tezuka
The Laughing Salesman (one-shot) by Fujiko A. Fujio
The Legend of Kamui, written by Sanpei Shirato and illustrated by Tetsuji Okamoto
Kamui Gaiden by Sanpei Shirato
Kamurobamura-e by Mikio Igarashi
Kobayakawa Nobuki no Koi by Fumi Saimon
Kusakabe Shomei Kyūka Omiya-san by Shotaro Ishinomori
Minotaurus no Sara by Fujiko F. Fujio
Mirai no Omoide by Fujiko F. Fujio
Munakata Kyōju Ikōroku by Yukinobu Hoshino
MW by Osamu Tezuka
Nakaharu Koko-kun by Tatsuhiko Yamagami
Notari Matsutarō by Tetsuya Chiba
Ode to Kirihito by Osamu Tezuka
Osozaki Jijii by Yoshinori Kobayashi
The Quest for the Missing Girl by Jiro Taniguchi
Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae by Shotaro Ishinomori
Sora! Flight Attendant Monogatari, written by Masao Yajima and illustrated by Shinji Hikino
Swallowing the Earth by Osamu Tezuka
Taiyō no Mokushiroku by Kaiji Kawaguchi
Tsukiji Uogashi Sandaime, written by Masaharu Nabeshima and illustrated by Mitsuo Hashimoto
Veterinarian Dolittle, written by Midori Natsu and illustrated by Kiyoshi Chikuyama
References
External links
1968 establishments in Japan
Semimonthly manga magazines published in Japan
Magazines established in 1968
Seinen manga magazines
Shogakukan magazines
Allen Darrell McKnight (born 27 January 1964) is a Northern Irish former international footballer who played professionally in Northern Ireland, Scotland, England, and Hong Kong as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Born in Antrim, McKnight played youth football for a number of local clubs including Crumlin Boys, Crumlin Rec., and Chimney Corner.
They began their senior career in 1984 with Distillery, and they also played for Celtic, Albion Rovers, West Ham United, Airdrieonians, Stockport County, Rotherham United, Walsall, South China and Exeter City.
Celtic
McKnight signed for Celtic in August 1986, joining up again with their former Distillery teammate Anton Rogan who had arrived at Parkhead a few months earlier. They did not feature in any first-team games in their first year, and was loaned out to Albion Rovers to gain experience of the Scottish game. With the departure of Peter Latchford in the summer of 1987, McKnight rose up in the pecking order at Celtic to second-choice keeper, behind first choice Packie Bonner. McKnight played several games for Celtic at the start of season 1987–88 in place of Bonner who had contracted a virus. They made their debut in a 5–1 win away to Dumbarton in a league cup tie on 26 August 1987 and went on to play in three Old firm league games, a 1–0 win at Parkhead, a 2–2 draw at Ibrox and a 2–0 win in the New Year game at Parkhead. Bonner regained their place in the team upon their recovery from illness, but McKnight's 12 league appearances and 5 clean sheets helped the club to win the League Championship. An injury to Bonner in May 1988 saw McKnight play in the 1988 Scottish Cup Final against Dundee Utd, and they won another winner's medal as Celtic triumphed 2–1 at Hampden. McKnight left Parkhead for West Ham a couple of months later.
West Ham United
During their West Ham United career they were known by the fans as McKnightmare because of their frequent goalkeeping errors. Signed from Celtic in the summer of 1988 McKnight made their West Ham debut on 10 September 1988 in a 1–0 away win against Wimbledon. Competing for the goalkeeper's place with Phil Parkes, McKnight played all their 23 league games for West Ham in their first season. Their last league game coming on 23 May 1989, a 5–1 away defeat to Liverpool which saw West Ham relegated to the Second Division. They had to wait eighteen months for their next game, also a 5–1 defeat, away to Luton Town in the Full Members Cup.
They later played non-league football with teams including Collier Row, Romford and Collier Row & Romford (a merger of their two previous teams).
International career
McKnight earned 10 caps for the Northern Ireland national football team between 1987 and 1989.
Honours
Celtic
Scottish League (1): 1987–88
Scottish Cup (1): 1987-88
References
External links
NIFG
1964 births
Living people
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland international footballers
Chimney Corner F.C. players
Lisburn Distillery F.C. players
Celtic F.C. players
West Ham United F.C. players
Airdrieonians F.C. (1878) players
Stockport County F.C. players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
South China AA players
Expatriate sportspeople from Northern Ireland in Hong Kong
Exeter City F.C. players
Romford F.C. players
People from Antrim, County Antrim
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
English Football League players
Scottish Football League players
Collier Row F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Simon Aspelin and Paul Hanley were the defending champions, but they were eliminated in the quarterfinal by Jérémy Chardy and Paul-Henri Mathieu.
Marc López and David Marrero defeated Jérémy Chardy and Paul-Henri Mathieu 6–3, 2–6, [10–8] in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Doubles
White Knight Chronicles: Origins is a role-playing video game developed by Japan Studio, and published by Sony Computer Entertainment exclusively for the PlayStation Portable. The game is a prequel to the 2008 title White Knight Chronicles and was released on February 3, 2011 in Japan. In Europe, the game was released on June 8 in most European countries, June 9 for Australia and New Zealand and June 10 for UK and Ireland, with no plans for a North American release.
Gameplay
Setting
White Knight Chronicles: Origins signs the player character up to the Mobile Corps, a mercenary organization that operates via train. Traversing into the no-man's-land between Athwan and Yshrenia, the player is set into world of shuddering battles between hulking warriors.
Rattling across the vast plains that separate two sworn foes is the special steam train that acts as central hub. Through this hub the player has access to missions as they become available, and spend earned Grace Points on new equipment.
When the trusty Mobile Corps train rolls into a new, exotic location, the player selects a team of three skilled mercenaries to accompany and stride out into the unknown. The player can add carriages to it to make room for new characters; plus, if the players own White Knight Chronicles II on PlayStation 3, they can transfer data between the two games and receive special bonuses aboard the train.
Battle system
The battle system used in White Knight Chronicles: Origins is a real-time system identical to its console counterpart, where the battle mode is initiated automatically when enemies are present.
Before a battle the player optionally goes into the "Battle Preparation" menu (accessible at any time) and chooses up to three sets of five commands for your in-game avatar.
This set of commands is called a "Function Palette" and several of these palettes can be saved, making tactical palette preparing and switching essential to the game. The commands can also be linked in order to create combos. These can then be used in battle. The player controls one of the characters while the others are controlled by the AI, as also seen in the previous games.
The main character possesses the ability to transform into a mighty Optimus, a powerful warrior with heightened defences and a range of thunderous attacks. Along with teammates who can do the same, the players forms a war machine capable of shredding even the fiercest beasts.
After defeating an enemy, players will obtain raw materials. While this occurs in both the offline and online modes, some raw materials will only be obtainable in online quests. Materials are used for crafting, and upgrading, equipment and items.
Plot
10,000 years before the original PS3 game takes place, there was a period of strife known as the Dogma Wars. This struggle is between the Yshrenian Empire who are harnessing the power of the Knights in a bid to conquer the world, and the Athwani Mage Kingdom who are trying to stop them. These events would shape history to come in the White Knight Chronicles saga, and WKC: Origins tells the story of the unsung heroes who lived through this period of unrest, only to be forgotten in the annals of time.
References
External links
2011 video games
Cooperative video games
Fantasy video games
Fictional knights in video games
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation Portable-only games
Role-playing video games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video game prequels
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
White Knight Chronicles (video game series)
Matrix Software games
Fort Cusseta was a wooden stockade built by white settlers to protect against feared Creek Indian attacks. Its ruins still exist today within the small community of Cusseta, Alabama.
Following the signing of the Treaty of Cusseta, local settlers built a 16 feet by 30 feet hand-hewn log fort for protection from a possible uprising from the Creek village of Cusseta. Walls were four and six feet high with portholes at a height of four feet. The fort never saw any military action. Following the removal of the Indians, the fort was incorporated into a building that had various uses over the years, including that of a country store. Today the structure is vacant with its surviving heart-pine walls exposed and beginning to deteriorate.
The fort is one of the few surviving examples of a log fort in Alabama. A historical marker has been placed at the fort site.
References
External links
Historical Marker Database - Fort Cusseta
Picture from the Alabama Department of Archives and History showing former buildings on the site
Buildings and structures in Chambers County, Alabama
Native American history of Alabama
Ruins in the United States
Populated places established in 1832
1832 establishments in Alabama
Cusseta
Emmeline 'Nina' Cust (1867–1955) was an English writer, editor, translator and sculptor. They were a member of The Souls, an upper class circle that challenged the conventions and attitudes of their class in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Personal life
Cust was born at Denton Hall to Victoria, Lady Welby, a philosophical writer and Sir William Earle Welby-Gregory, a politician and landowner. Them maternal grandmother, Lady Emmeline Stuart-Wortley was a renowned Victorian poet and travel writer.
On 11 October 1893, Cust married another member of The Souls, Henry John Cockayne-Cust. They supported their husband in much of their work, including correspondence for the Central Committee for National Patriotic Organisations. Cust was devoted to their husband, despite a reputedly unhappy marriage that lasted until their death in 1917.
Cust was a direct neighbour of sculptor Jacob Epstein when they both lived at Hyde Park Gate in London.
Writing and translation
Cust wrote a biography of their mother, Victoria, Lady Welby's first thirty years, entitled 'Wanderers: episodes from the travels of Lady Emmeline Stuart-Wortley and their daughter Victoria, 1849-1855'. They also published accounts of their grandmother's travels. Cust contributed shorter pieces to contemporary periodicals including the journal of the English Association.
Virginia Woolf is known to have reviewed at least one of Cust's published books, probably 'Gentleman Errant'.
Cust's translation of 'Semantics; studies in the science of meaning' by Michel Jules Alfred Bréal presented the text's first appearance in English.
Other published works include
Gentlemen Errant: being the journeys and adventures of four noblemen in Europe during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, first published by John Murray, London, in 1909
Not all the suns; poems, 1917-1944, first published by Nicholson & Watson, London, in 1944
A Tub of Gold Fishes, first published by James Bain, London
Dilectissimo, first published by Macmillan and Co., London, in 1932
Artwork
Cust may have attended the Académie Julian in Paris, although it is unclear which art forms they trained in. It is also possible that they studied sculpture in London.
Cust exhibited their sculpture at the Royal Academy in 1906 showing a bust of their niece and in 1927, part of a model of their husband. They exhibited both in the United Kingdom and abroad, with works shown in Manchester, Liverpool, Birmingham and Paris.
In 1884, Cust was the subject of a portrait bust by Alfred Gilbert. Alexander Fisher produced an enamelled portrait of Cust in 1898.
Works held in collections
Cust's sculpture is represented in British collections including the following works,
References
External links
1867 births
1955 deaths
19th-century English women artists
20th-century English women artists
19th-century English women writers
20th-century English women writers
English sculptors
English women sculptors
People from Lincolnshire
Rietberg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Pratval of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance. It was the site of the murder of Pompeius Planta in 1621 by Jörg Jenatsch during the conflicts between Catholics and Protestants known as the Bündner Wirren.
History
From foundation to the 17th century
The central tower and oldest part of the castle was built in the 13th century, though it may have been built around an earlier 12th-century tower. It was built for the Lords of Rietberg, who in 1286 were vassals of the Freiherr von Sax-Misox. In the 14th century they became vassals of the Bishop of Chur. At that time they held the castle and estates in Schams, Chur and Oberhalbstein and were the bishop's representative in Oberhalbstein and Oberengadin. The last male member of the Rietberg line, Johann von Reitberg, attempted to guarantee that the castle and their estates would pass to their wife, Berta von Rhäzüns, and to their relative Hermann von Landenberg. However, after their death in 1349 the Bishop of Chur claimed the castle. In 1353 they succeed in forcing the Landenbergs to sign away their claim to the castle and estates. Other claims to the castle continued to simmer until 1388 then the Bishop paid off the Lords of Rhäzüns and Lumerins to settle their claims.
The Bishop used the castle, its estates and the office of vogt as collateral for loans from a number of wealthy families or as a reward for gifts from those same families. In 1384 Eglolf von Juvalt lived in the castle. In 1398 the bishop mortgaged the castle to Jakob von Castelmur for 500 silver marks. It was mortgaged again in 1409 to Conradin Rambach and the cathedral chapter, again in 1426 to Bartolomäus Planta and in 1447 to Hans Wellenberg. In 1450 it was mortgaged to Hans Ringg, who passed it to their son Wilhelm in 1483. It continued to used as collateral into the 16th and 17th centuries. Around 1530 it went to Anton von Travers, followed by Hercules von Salis-Soglio in 1554. In 1617, parts of the estate were inherited by the Planta family.
Murder of Pompeius Planta
During the Bündner Wirren, the castle was home to Pompeius Planta who was a prominent member of the Catholic, pro-Habsburg faction in the Three Leagues. In 1618, the young radical Jörg Jenatsch became a member of the court of 'clerical overseers' and a leader of the anti-Habsburg faction. The popular court in Thusis, which was associated with the overseers, outlawed many leading men from the pro-Habsburg faction, notably Rudolf Planta and their brother Pompeius Planta. With the support of the anti-Habsburg court, armed mobs attacked and arrested several pro-Habsburg leaders including the archpriest Nicholas Rusca and the provost Johann Baptista who was known as Zambra. The Planta brothers escaped the mob, but their estates were burned. The mobs brought the captured men to the court in Thusis. Zambra was accused of conspiring with the Spanish, convicted and executed. Nicholas Rusca was beaten and died before the court could sentence them to death. The court also handed down 157 convictions against men who had escaped the mobs.
In 1620, Catholic forces attacked and killed between 500 and 600 Protestants in the Valtellina valley. Around the same time Pompeius Planta returned to Rietburg believing that enough time had passed. However, on 24 February 1621, a force of anti-Habsburg troops led by Jörg Jenatsch assembled to attack the castle in retaliation for the killings in Valtellina. Early in the morning on 25 February, the troops attacked the castle and killed Pompeius Planta as they attempted to flee. According to one version of the story, Pompeius attempted to hide in a chimney, but was discovered by a dog. They were attacked by the raiders and killed by Jenatsch with an axe. Years later, Jenatsch converted to Catholicism and on 24 January 1639, they were killed during Carnival in Chur by an unknown attacker who was dressed as a bear. The attacker may have been a son of Pompeius Planta or an assassin hired by the local aristocracy. According to legend they were killed by the same axe that they used on Pompeius.
After the 17th century
In 1617 the castle and associated titles were shared between the Salis family and Pompeius Planta, who had married into the Salis family. After their death, the ownership remained divided until 1664 when the Salis family sold their share to Christoph von Rosenroll for 9000 gulden. Christoph's son sold the half share to the Buol family in 1670. Nearly a century later, in 1758, the Buols bought the Planta family's share and became the sole owner of the castle.
In 1798 Johann von Buol-Schauenstein sold the castle to their brother, the Bishop of Chur Karl Rudolf. The Bishop's plans to turn the castle into a seminary ended with the 1798 French invasion of Switzerland and the end of the Prince-Bishops' power under the Helvetic Republic. In the 19th century it passed through a number of owners before ending up with the Casparis family in 1822. In 1917 it was inherited by a branch of the Planta family. Today it is privately owned by the families Bürge & Hämmerle.
The knight-hall apartment was renovated in 2018 and is now guest accommodation www.ferienresidenz-von-planta.com
Castle site
The rectangular tower from the 13th century has walls that are up to thick. The original entrance was probably on the third story of this tower. the tower crenelations were filled in on three sides during the 18th century. The current tower roof was added in the last century. The tower is flanked to the north by two residential buildings which have medieval foundations. However, they were completely rebuilt in the 17th and 18th centuries. The current appearance of the castle dates back to the 17th century. The cistern, in the courtyard north-east of the tower, was built during the Middle Ages. A Baroque round tower was built over the cistern in the 17th century. Today the cistern can be reached by tunnel from the residential wing. In the 17th century a crenelated ring wall was added to the castle.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Domleschg
Dr. Sarah Hunt Lockrey (1863–1929) was an American physician and suffragist.
Life
Lockrey was born on April 21, 1863 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They graduated from Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania (WMCP) in 1888. After interning with Dr. Anna Broomall at WMCP, Lockrey went on to become chief of the gynecological staff there.
Them career included working at the West Philadelphia Hospital for Women, the Elwyn School for the Feeble-Minded. They were a physician at Methodist Deaconess Home for more than two decades. They focused on improving women's health care, and specialized in gynecology and gynecological surgery. They were also a member of the American Medical Association (AMA), a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons, and a member of the Medical Women's National Association (MWNA).
Lockrey was a member of the National Woman's Party (NWP) where they served on the NWP's National Advisory Council. They participated in the August 6, 1918 demonstration at Lafayette Square in Washington, DC, and was arrested and charges with "holding a meeting on public grounds" and sentenced to jail. Rather than serve their sentence, Dr. Lockrey paid a fine so that they could return to Philadelphia to perform surgery. In 1920 Lockry received the NWP's "prison pin".
Lockrey died in Philadelphia on November 8, 1929.
See also
List of suffragists and suffragettes
References
1863 births
1926 deaths
American suffragists
Activists from Philadelphia
19th-century American women physicians
19th-century American physicians
20th-century American women physicians
20th-century American physicians
Physicians from Philadelphia
Fellows of the American College of Surgeons
Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania alumni
Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania faculty
The Clarence N. Stevenson Unit is a state prison for men located in Cuero, DeWitt County, Texas, owned by operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. This facility was opened in April 1994, and a maximum capacity of 1384 male inmates held at minimum custody G-1/G-2 and medium G-4 security levels.
Controversy, Prisoners Limited Rights and Prison Discipline Abuse:
This prison unit, like many others in the state of Texas has been subject to accusations of prison guard abuse:
"Recently we have seen that guards can, and do, “set up” inmates by planting illegal evidence in a cell or by creating fraudulent allegations leading to a wrongful conviction of a discipline rule. The damage that visits the inmate and his/her loved ones over intended or fraudulent discipline abuses by TDCJ employees occurs far too often and causes far too much unnecessary emotional pain and frustration for the offender and loved ones. Such action by institutional TDCJ employees does not further inmate respect or rehabilitation. Thank God for Keri Blakinger and the Houston Chronicle for them exposing the reality of this damage."
References
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in DeWitt County, Texas
1994 establishments in Texas
The Arlington-Washington Breeders' Cup Lassie Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually in mid September at Arlington Park Racetrack in Arlington Heights, Illinois. Raced on Polytrack synthetic dirt over a distance of seven furlongs, it is open to Two-Year-Old Fillies and currently offers a purse of $75,000. It was a Grade III race through 2012, but was a listed stake in 2013.
Inaugurated in 1929 as the Arlington Lassie Stakes, in 1963 it was renamed the Arlington-Washington Lassie Stakes and in 2005 was given the Breeders' Cup designation.
Since inception, the race has been contested at various distances:
1929–1931 : 5.5 furlongs
1932–1961 & 1972–1979 : 6 furlongs
1962–1969 : 6.5 furlongs
1980–1984 & 1986–1987 : 7 furlongs
1985 : 6.5 furlongs (at Hawthorne Race Course)
1986–2013 : 1 mile
2014 to present : 7 furlongs
The race was not run in 1970, 1971, 1988, 1995, 1998 and 1999.
Records
Time record: (at one-mile distance)
1:35.93 – Original Spin (2005)
Largest winning margin:
12 lengths – Eliza (1992)
Most wins by an owner:
4 – Calumet Farm (1937, 1943, 1947, 1949)
Most wins by a jockey:
5 – Steve Brooks (1949, 1952, 1954, 1959, 1960)
Most wins by a trainer:
2 – Ben A. Jones (1938, 1943)
2 – Howard Wells (1942, 1950)
2 – J. Hodgins (1946, 1952)
2 – Horace A. Jones (1947, 1949)
2 – Harry Trotsek (1951, 1953)
2 – Moody Jolley (1954, 1959)
2 – Joe Pierce Jr. (1969, 1972)
2 – Woody Stephens (1983, 1984)
2 – Michael L. Reavis (1994, 2010)
Winners
References
1929 establishments in Illinois
Horse races in Illinois
Arlington Park
Flat horse races for two-year-old fillies
Recurring sporting events established in 1929
Grevillea rara, also known as the rare grevillea, is a shrub of the genus Grevillea native to a small area in the South West region of Western Australia.
The dense prickly shrub typically grows to a height of and has non-glaucous branchlets. It has simple dissected subpinnatisect, leaves with a blade that is long. It blooms from August to November and produces an axillary or terminal raceme irregular inflorescence with white or pink flowers and white styles.
Grevillea rara is found amongst tall shrubs or medium trees in shrubland and jarrah forest in a small area north Collie. It grows in lateritic, gravelly, sandy or clay soils. Associated species include Eucalyptus marginata, Corymbia calophylla, Banksia grandis, Hakea lasiantha, Xanthorrhoea preissii, Acacia pulchella, and Acacia drummondii. Currently there are six known populations of the plant, comprising 1,515 individual plants.
First described in Nuytsia in 1993 the plant was declared as Rare Flora under the Western Australian Wildlife Conservation Act 1950 in 1998 and ranked as Endangered the following year by the World Conservation Union.
The species is closely related to Grevillea curviloba, with slight differences such as fine hairs on the branchlets and inflorescence stems and narrow leaf lobes.
See also
List of Grevillea species
References
rara
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Proteales of Australia
Critically endangered flora of Australia
The Church of the Friars Preachers of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary at Wigtown, commonly called Blackfriars, was a mendicant friary of the Dominican Order founded in the 13th century at Wigtown, Galloway, Scotland. The Chronica Extracta said that it was founded by Dervorguilla of Galloway, who died in 1290.
Perhaps because of the remoteness of Wigtown, the history of the house is extremely badly documented and obscure. It appears on 7 March 1297, in receipt of money from the fermes of burghs. One of its priors, Ninian Shanks, appears on record on 10 May 1490. The prior along with four friars grant a charter on 21 December 1560, the year of the Scottish Reformation. It was presumably disbanded in the following decade, its revenues probably being granted to the burgh, as was the case with other friaries of the time.
References
Cowan, Ian B. & Easson, David E., Medieval Religious Houses: Scotland With an Appendix on the Houses in the Isle of Man, Second Edition, (London, 1976)
11th-century establishments in Scotland
1560s disestablishments in Scotland
Dominican houses in Scotland
History of Galloway
Religion in Dumfries and Galloway
Christian religious orders established in the 13th century
Wigtown
Former Christian monasteries in Scotland
La Brière (translated as Passion and Peat) is a 1923 novel by Alphonse de Chateaubriant that won the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française for that year.
The novel is set in the rustic fenland landscape west of Nantes, known as Brière, in which the traditional occupation of peat-cutting is becoming increasingly unsustainable as the peat runs out. The independence of the local population is threatened by outsiders, who have plans for modernisation.
Synopsis
Aoustin, a rough peat-cutter and "ranger" employed to protect the traditional rights of the people of Brière, comes into conflict with their wife and daughter. Having returned home to the ile de Fédrun after a long trip, they discover that their wife, Nathalie, has sold the family linen to fund their estranged son who lives in Nantes. The domineering Aoustin had cursed their son for marrying a Nantes girl, rather than a local Brièronne. Their daughter Théotiste now also wants to marry a lad from outside the region, from a despised village of basket weavers, who are traditionally looked down upon by the independent-minded fenlanders. Aoustin utterly refuses to give their hand in marriage to the youth, Jeanin. They leaf their wife and daughter, moving into their childhood cottage, rejoicing in their independence and the traditional ways of fenland life.
Meanwhile, the local mayors are attempting to resist a drainage and modernisation project that threatens the independence of the Brièrons. Aoustin is given the task of finding a lost historical document signed by Louis XVI confirming the rights of the local people. They travel throughout the fens to find whether any of the locals possess it, eventually locating it in the home of Florence, a madwoman who lives inside an ancient dolmen.
Théotiste seeks Aoustin out, telling them that they are pregnant by Jeanin, but they still refuse to assent to the marriage, insisting that they will curse the couple. The superstitious Théotiste takes this threat seriously since their brother's wife died after their father's curse. Aoustin also contrives to have Jeanin arrested for poaching ducks. Jeanin seeks revenge, and when Aoustin is sent to Nantes to deposit the document Jeanin shoots them during their return journey. Théotiste, anxiously seeking Jeanin, gets lost in the marshes, suffers a miscarriage, and spends the night sheltering in Florence's dolmen. Aoustin survives the shooting, but loses their hand. They refuse to give Jeanin up to the police, but seeks revenge himself.
Théotiste is accused by a spiteful neighbour of having given birth and drowned their child in the marsh.  They are arrested, but released through lack of evidence. Jeanin now refuses to marry them because of their "shame", and Théotiste is shunned by most of the community. Aoustin has a false wooden hand made to replace their loss. They kidnap Jeanin, intending to kill them and bury them under their cottage, but news arrives that Théotiste has had a mental breakdown. They lock Jeanin up, and attempts to take the deranged Théotiste through the marshes to a hospital. They cannot control their boat adequately with their wooden hand, and gets lost in the freezing cold marsh. During the night Théotiste dies. In despair, Aoustin returns to their cottage but cannot bring themselves to kill Jeanin. They let them go.
Other versions
The novel was filmed in the year after its publication by Léon Poirier in a style of pictorialist naturalism. The music from the film by Paul Ladmirault was published as the Symphonic poem, La Brière.
In 1926 an edition illustrated by René-Yves Creston was published.
In 1927, the London publisher Thornton Butterworth published the English translation by Frances Mabel Robinson.
References
External links
cinémathèque de Bretagne - La Brière
1923 French novels
Novels set in Brittany
French novels adapted into films
Mark Timofeevich Yelizarov (Russian: Марк Тимофеевич Елизаров; March 22 , 1863, Bestuzhevka village, Samara province – March 10, 1919, Petrograd) was a Russian revolutionary and Soviet statesman who served as the first People's Commissar of Railways of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
Biography
Born in to the family of a supervisor who was a former serf. In 1882 they graduated from the Samara men's gymnasium. At a village meeting of Bestuzhevka, the headman was allowed to dismiss them from the peasant class, which allowed a native of a peasant family to enter the physics and mathematics faculty of St. Petersburg University, from which Yelizarov graduated in 1886.
They were close to the Ulyanov family, mostly Alexander Ulyanov and through them became active in the revolutionary movement from a young age. Yelizarov was a member of a social democratic circle from 1893 and later joined they newly formed the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party in 1898. They conducted party work in St. Petersburg and in Moscow in the Moscow Workers Union as well in Samara. They were arrested for their revolutionary activities in 1901 and exiled for two years in Syzran. In 1905, in St. Petersburg, they were a member of the organization bureau of the 1st All-Russian Railway Congress and headed the Uzlov strike committee for which they were arrested and exiled for three years again in Syzran under police surveillance.
In 1906 they moved back to Samara and joined the local RSDLP committee and worked as a journalist for newspapers, however they aren't involved in revolutionary activities anymore. From 1906 to 1916 Yelizarov worked at different insurance companies and later became the managing director of the St. Petersburg shipping company On the Volga.
After the October Revolution, Yelizarov was appointed at the vacant position of People's Commissar of Railways of the RSFSR and became its first Commissar, according to the Vikhzel quota, from November 28, 1917 to February 1918. In April 1918 they became the Chief Commissioner for Insurance and Fire Fighting.
In January 1919 Yelizarov became a member of the Collegium of the People's Commissariat of Trade and Industry acting as the deputy People's Commissar, a position they held until they died from typhus in March of the same year.
Yelizarov was buried at the Volkovo Cemetery.
Family
Yelizarov married Anna Ilyinichna Ulyanova, Vladimir Lenin's older sister in 1899. They adopted one child, the future Soviet writer Georgy Lozgachev.
References
1863 births
1919 deaths
Soviet politicians
Russian revolutionaries
Russian Social Democratic Labour Party members
Russian Marxists
Bolsheviks
Picea mariana, the black spruce, is a North American species of spruce tree in the pine family. It is widespread across Canada, found in all 10 provinces and all 3 territories. It is the official tree of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador and is that province's most numerous tree. The range of the black spruce extends into northern parts of the United States: in Alaska, the Great Lakes region, and the upper Northeast. It is a frequent part of the biome known as taiga or boreal forest.
The Latin specific epithet mariana means “of the Virgin Mary”.
Description
P. mariana is a slow-growing, small upright evergreen coniferous tree (rarely a shrub), having a straight trunk with little taper, a scruffy habit, and a narrow, pointed crown of short, compact, drooping branches with upturned tips. Through much of its range it averages tall with a trunk diameter at maturity, though occasional specimens can reach tall and diameter. The bark is thin, scaly, and grayish brown. The leaves are needle-like, long, stiff, four-sided, dark bluish green on the upper sides, paler glaucous green below. The cones are the smallest of all of the spruces, long and broad, spindle-shaped to nearly round, dark purple ripening red-brown, produced in dense clusters in the upper crown, opening at maturity but persisting for several years.
Natural hybridization occurs regularly with the closely related P. rubens (red spruce), and very rarely with P. glauca (white spruce).
It differs from P. glauca in having a dense cover of small hairs on the bark of young branch tips, an often darker reddish-brown bark, shorter needles, smaller and rounder cones, and a preference for wetter lowland areas. Numerous differences in details of its needle and pollen morphology also exist but require careful microscopic examination to detect. From true firs, such as Abies balsamea (balsam fir), it differs in having pendulous cones, persistent woody leaf-bases, and four-angled needles, arranged all round the shoots.
Due to the large difference between heartwood and sapwood moisture content, it is easy to distinguish these two wood characteristics in ultrasound images, which are widely used as a nondestructive technique to assess the internal condition of the tree and avoid useless log breakdown.
Older taxonomic synonyms include A. mariana, P. brevifolia, or P. nigra.
Ecology
Growth varies with site quality. In swamp and muskeg it shows progressively slower growth rates from the edges toward the centre. The roots are shallow and wide spreading, resulting in susceptibility to windthrow. In the northern part of its range, ice pruned asymmetric black spruce are often seen with diminished foliage on the windward side. Tilted trees colloquially called "drunken trees" are associated with thawing of permafrost.
In the southern portion of its range it is found primarily on wet organic soils, but farther north its abundance on uplands increases. In the Great Lakes region it is most abundant in peat bogs and swamps, also on transitional sites between peatlands and uplands. In these areas it is rare on uplands, except in isolated areas of northern Minnesota and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Most stands are even-aged due to frequent fire intervals in black spruce forests. It commonly grows in pure stands on organic soils and in mixed stands on mineral soils. It is tolerant of nutrient-poor soils, and is commonly found on poorly drained acidic peatlands. It is considered a climax species over most of its range; however, some ecologists question whether black spruce forests truly attain climax because fires usually occur at 50 to 150-year intervals, while "stable" conditions may not be attained for several hundred years.
The frequent fire return interval, a natural fire ecology, perpetuates numerous successional communities. Throughout boreal North America, Betula papyrifera (paper birch) and Populus tremuloides (quaking aspen) are successional hardwoods that frequently invade burns in black spruce. Black spruce typically seeds in promptly after fire, and with the continued absence of fire, eventually dominates the hardwoods.
Black spruce is a pioneer that invades the sphagnum mat in filled-lake bogs, though often preceded slightly by Larix laricina (tamarack). Black spruce frequently out-competes shade-intolerant tamarack in the course of bog succession. However, as the peat soil is gradually elevated by the accumulation of organic matter, and the fertility of the site improves, balsam fir and northern white cedar (Thuja occidentalis) eventually replace black spruce and tamarack. On drier sites following fires, black spruce can take over stands of faster growing jack pine (Pinus banksiana) by virtue of its ability to grow in partially shaded conditions which inhibit pine seedlings. But black spruce seedlings are themselves intolerant to the low light and low moisture conditions under mature spruce stands. Balsam fir and northern white cedar, both more understory-tolerant species with deeper taproots, survive and eventually succeed the spruce in the absence of fire.
The spruce budworm, a moth larva, causes defoliation, which kills trees if it occurs several years in a row, though black spruce is less susceptible than white spruce or balsam fir. Trees most at risk are those growing with balsam fir and white spruce.
Cultivation
Numerous cultivars have been selected for use in parks and gardens. The cultivar P. mariana 'Nana' is a dwarf form which has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Uses and symbolism
Black spruce is the provincial tree of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The timber is of low value due to the small size of the trees, but it is an important source of pulpwood and the primary source of it in Canada. Fast-food chopsticks are often made from black spruce.
However, it is increasingly being used for making cross laminated timber by companies such as Nordic Structures, which allows the high strength due to the tight growth rings to be assembled into larger timbers.
Along with red spruce, it has also been used to make spruce gum and beer.
Gallery
References
Least concern flora of the United States
Least concern plants
mariana
Taiga and boreal forests
Trees of Subarctic America
Trees of Western Canada
Trees of Eastern Canada
Trees of the North-Central United States
Trees of Alaska
Trees of the Northeastern United States
Plants described in 1768
Provincial symbols of Newfoundland and Labrador
Trees of continental subarctic climate
The golden-breasted fruiteater (Pipreola aureopectus) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. It is found in Colombia, and Venezuela, where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Considering range and population size, this species is not considered vulnerable
Description
The adult golden-breasted fruiteater is about in length. The male has dark areas on the chin and lores, but otherwise the upper parts are green. The tertial wing feathers have pale tips. The throat and upper chest are bright yellow and the belly is lemon yellow with green streaks on the flanks. The female is bright green above, with pale tertials, and yellow, heavily streaked with green below. The eyes are yellow, the beak orange and the legs greyish-green. The voice is a high-pitched, multi-syllable phrase that first rises and then falls and lasts for up to three seconds.
Distribution and habitat
This species is found in mountainous regions of northeastern Colombia and northern Venezuela on the east side of the Andes. A separate population is known from the west slope of the mountain range in western Colombia. It lives in lower and medium-level montane forests, mostly at altitudes between .
Ecology
The golden-breasted fruiteater feeds only on fruit as far as is known. It is sometimes seen in small groups of mixed species but otherwise moves around singly or in pairs. Little is known of its breeding habits, but birds in breeding condition have been seen between January and June and also in September.
Status
Although the range of the golden-breasted fruiteater is not very great, it is a fairly common species and the population seems stable. For these reasons, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the bird as being a "least-concern species".
References
golden-breasted fruiteater
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
golden-breasted fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
George Herbert Lanchester (1874 – 13 February 1970) was an English engineer. They were one of three brothers who played a leading role in the early development of the UK auto-industry.
In 1909, following the departure from full-time involvement with the company of their elder brother Frederick, George took over responsibility for the Lanchester Motor Company. Thereafter, while Frederick pursued their own glittering career as one of the leading automotive and aeronautical engineers of the time, it was George who ran the business the brothers had established together.
Early years
In 1889, at the age of 15, George started an apprenticeship with the Forward Gas Engine Company in Birmingham. Their elder brother was already Works Manager with the same company. Four years later, setting a pattern for the future, Frederick left the company to pursue a full-time career as a research scientist, concentrating on the field that would later come to be known as aerodynamics. George, though still only 19, took over their brother's position as Works Manager.
Between 1894 and 1898 the brothers worked together on the development of a petrol (gasoline) powered passenger car. There being no established auto-component industry, a large number of components had to be designed and constructed from scratch, and much of this detailed work was undertaken by George, both for the first Lanchester car and for two subsequent mechanically identical prototypes.
Lanchester Motor Company
In 1899 Frederick and George along with their middle brother Frank set up the Lanchester Engine Company. Frederick, as leader of the triumvirate, was chief designer and general manager while Frank took on the duties of a sales manager. George's role could be defined as that of Production Manager, albeit with a wider range of duties and responsibilities than that title implies. They quickly developed deep insights into the nascent techniques of auto-production methodology. Their duties also extended to delivering cars to the more important customers, reportedly on one occasion suffering twenty tire bursts or punctures between Birmingham and Brighton on a single delivery job.
The three brothers were both the directors and the principal owners of the Lanchester Motor Company and there are suggestions that the relationship between them in these circumstances was sometimes a tense one. After Frederick left the company in 1909 to pursue a more independent career, George added "Chief Designer" to their portfolio of company responsibilities, though Frederick continued to provide input on a consultancy basis, and new models appearing in the aftermath of this change continued to reflect the elder brother's inputs more than those of George, being in large measure developments of existing 20 hp and 28 hp predecessors that had been introduced between 1904 and 1906. The Sporting Forty was the first Lanchester to feature what would become a 'normal' bonnet/hood and appeared in 1914. It seems to have been the first new model for which George themselves had been principally responsible, though here too they had less than a totally free hand, having reluctantly agreed to a requirement from fellow directors to incorporate a side-valve engine because that mimicked the engine design competitor manufacturers were using at the time. In any event, for the United Kingdom 1914 was the year the First World War broke out and only six of these models had been sold before the plant was switched over to war production.
War and its aftermath
The British and the Russians were on the same side in the First World War, both states having ostensibly declared war in support of smaller states attacked by the Austrians or their German allies: the Lanchester armoured cars on the 38 hp chassis proved themselves particularly effective on the Russian front, since their wick carburettors were not clogged up by the Russian fuel in the same way as conventional spray carburettors used in other British army vehicles. The aftermath of war saw a rapid return for the Lanchester 40, but now George was able to install an overhead camshaft engine, and this set the pattern for the six- and eight-cylinder Lanchester engines which built the company's name between 1919 and 1931. Despite the old name, the post-war Lanchester 40 was in many ways a new car at a time when some competitors were offering little-changed versions of pre-war designs. The Lanchester bodies used aluminium panels: the three-speed epicyclic gear-boxes and cantilever rear springs were, however, familiar from Lanchester's own pre-war designs.
The Lanchester 40 on display at the 1919 London Motor Show was equipped beyond the standard level, with silk blinds and ivory door handles, prompting one eminent visitor to the Lanchester stand to suggest to George that their car was "very fine...., but more suited to a prostitute than a prince, don't you think?" Lanchesters nevertheless found favour with the British establishment in general and the British Royal Family in particular: by the time the motor show visitor died, early in 1936 their granddaughter, who in their turn would inherit many of their titles and their status as the British Monarch, had already made their own first public appearance in their father's Lanchester 40.
During the 1920s Lanchesters competed directly with Rolls-Royce, taking care to undercut equivalent products from their double-barreled competitors by £50. Lanchesters were distinguished by the smoothness of the engines which George designed, paying close attention to detail. A particular triumph was the straight-eight engine that entered production in 1926 in the Lanchester Thirty, replacing the six-cylinder Lanchester 40.
The drive shaft was located to minimise vibration, and close attention was paid to manifold design, with George even using transparent pipes to locate and remedy deposits appearing on the induction pipes at certain throttle settings.
Depression years
A boardroom battle in which George and their elder brother Frederick found themselves on the same side concerned the need to diversify the range down-market: between 1925 and 1929 George submitted to the board proposals for a less expensive luxury car of just six cylinders which would have enjoyed a Fiscal horsepower (which effectively defined car classes in Britain at the time) of 16 hp. Other directors preferred to concentrate only on the upper echelons of the car market, however, which left the business vulnerable to the economic downturn which arrived at the end of the 1920s. In 1931 the company's bankers decided they no longer wished to provide Lanchester's relatively modest overdraft, giving the company two weeks to pay up. The company was steamrollered into a sale of the business to BSA-Daimler which had a much larger overdraft, but which, as a major military supplier, enjoyed a privileged position with a UK political and banking establishment which remembered too well one world war and were no doubt mindful of a need to prepare for the next one.
George Lanchester remained with the company following the take-over, but they no longer called the shots, and was reportedly distressed to see the Lanchester badge decorating cars such as the Lanchester Ten, essentially a rebranded BSA 10, and one for which press releases were claiming a power output of 32 bhp although 26 bhp was the maximum actual power ever extracted from the little car. George saw their own Lanchester designs scrapped, while Lanchester increasingly became a manufacturer of Daimler type vehicles. In 1936 George left the company they had founded with their brothers and went to work for Alvis.
Later decades
During their three years with Alvis George's responsibilities included setting out a design for the Alvis 12/70, before transferring to the company's Mechanical Warfare Department, where experience of armoured car design during the First World War was of particular relevance. Subsequently, during the Second World War, George, by now reaching their later 60s, worked for the Sterling Armament Company.
After the war George continued to work, both as editor of the Automobile Engineers' Years Book, and as a consultant engineer to Russell Newberry Ltd, where their work included projects involving cylinder head designs for industrial diesel engines. However, in 1961, the year in which they became 87, the company changed hands, and in George's words they were "given the sack for being too old".
Their wife having died in the early 1950s, George's final years were buoyed up by a second marriage but hampered by their failing eyesight.
Sources
1874 births
1970 deaths
British automotive engineers
English engineers
The Kent State Golden Flashes softball team is an intercollegiate athletic team at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio, United States. The Flashes play in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) at the Division I level as a member of the Mid-American Conference (MAC) East Division. The head coach since the 2016 season is Eric Oakley. Home games are played at the Judith K. Devine Diamond, a 500-seat facility that opened in 1999. The Flashes also have an indoor practice facility, the David and Peggy Edmonds Baseball and Softball Training Facility, which opened in 2014.
The program was established in the mid-1970s along with the women's basketball, women's volleyball, and women's track and field teams as part of the implementation of Title IX. The team began play in 1975 at the club level and had their first varsity game in 1976. The MAC added softball as a sponsored sport in 1982 and conference play began the following year. After a brief use of East and West divisions in 1983 and 1984, divisions were re-introduced in 1998 and Kent State was placed in the East Division. Through the 2017 season, the Flashes have won 10 MAC East Division titles, six MAC regular-season titles, and three MAC tournament championships. Kent State has made four appearances in the NCAA Division I Softball Championship, advancing to the Women's College World Series in 1990.
History
Following the passage of Title IX in 1972, Kent State University began to introduce additional women's intercollegiate sports at the varsity level. Prior to 1972, the only varsity women's athletic teams were the women's gymnastics and women's swimming teams while all other sports were available as intramurals. The women's basketball team was founded in 1973 and received varsity status in 1975, followed by women's volleyball, women's track and field, women's tennis, field hockey, and softball. The softball team played the 1975 season as a club team and began varsity competition in 1976 as a member of the Ohio Association of Intercollegiate Sports for Women (OAISW), where they would play until the Mid-American Conference added softball as a sponsored sport in 1982, with competition beginning in 1983. Kent State's first varsity softball game was an 8–4 win in Youngstown, Ohio, over the Youngstown State Penguins on May 1, 1976, as part of a tournament after having earlier scheduled games cancelled for weather. The Flashes finished the inaugural varsity season 13–3 overall under coach Kirk "Corky" Semier, who coached for just one season. They were succeeded by Laurel Wartluft, who coached the team from 1977 to 1981. Wartluft, who also coached the women's basketball team from 1977 to 1986, led the team to a 21–3 season in 1977, which included the OAISW tournament championship. The team transitioned to fastpitch softball in 1979.
Lori Fuglestad succeeded Wartluft in 1982, the same year the Mid-American Conference added softball as a sponsored sport with regular-season conference play starting the following year. Fuglestad coached four seasons at KSU and was followed by Sue Lilley. Under Lilley, Kent State won their first MAC softball championship in 1990, when the team posted a 20–4 conference record and 43–9 overall mark. The .827 overall winning percentage ranks first in MAC history as of 2016. The 1990 team went 3–0 in the regional round of the NCAA Tournament, where they defeated the Ohio State Buckeyes twice and the Oregon Ducks to advance to the Women's College World Series. At the WCWS, Kent State fell to both UCLA and UNLV to earn a national 7th-place finish. Lilley coached the Flashes through the 1996 season, finishing with a record of 289–219–1 in 11 seasons and the 1990 MAC Coach of the Year award.
Karen Linder began their tenure as head coach for the 1997 season and coached 19 seasons. Under Linder, the team won their first MAC East Division championship ever in 1999, their first MAC Tournament title ever in 2006, and their first regular-season title since 1990 in 2007. In their 19 seasons, Linder LED the Flashes to nine MAC East titles, four MAC regular-season championships, and two MAC Tournament titles. In the NCAA Tournament, the Flashes finished 1–2 at the 2006 tournament and 2–2 at the 2008 tournament, advancing to the regional final with wins over Wright State and Notre Dame. The 2008 team went 46–12 overall and 20–2 in MAC play. The 46 wins set the school record for wins and ranks second in MAC history. In 2015 the Flashes again won over 40 games, going 41–13 overall and 17–4 in MAC play, but lost in the MAC Tournament. Linder resigned after the 2015 season citing "philosophical differences with today's athletic world". They finished their career at Kent State with an overall record of 548–434–1 and 269–153 in MAC play. The 548 wins are the most in program history, while the 269 MAC wins are the most in Kent State and MAC history. Linder was also awarded MAC Coach of the Year four times, including their final 2015 season.
Linder was succeeded by Eric Oakley, who had been serving as assistant for the 2015 season. They officially served as interim head coach for 2016 and led the team to their second-consecutive MAC regular-season and East Division championships with a 37–22 record overall and 16–7 in MAC play. At the conclusion of the MAC Tournament, Oakley was named MAC Coach of the Year, the sixth time a KSU coach has won the award.
Postseason
Kent State is a regular participant in the Mid-American Conference Softball Tournament, which was first held in 1982, but was discontinued after 1986 and resumed in 1996. The 1982 tournament featured all 10 conference teams in a single-elimination opening round followed by a double-elimination bracket for the remaining four teams. The 1983 tournaments featured the top six in a double-elimination format, while the 1984, 1985, and 1986 tournaments included only the top four teams in the conference. After the tournament resumed in 1996, the top four qualified for the 1996 and 1997 tournaments before being expanded to include the top six teams from 1998 to 2004. Since 2005, the tournament has included the top eight teams in the conference. Originally, the top seed served as the host for the entire tournament. Since 2002, the tournament has been held at a neutral site, starting at Firestone Stadium in Akron from 2002 to 2005, followed by two years at Currie Stadium in Midland, Michigan. The tournament returned to Firestone Stadium in 2008. Through the 2018 tournament, Kent State has 21 total appearances out of 28 total tournaments. The Flashes won the 2006, 2008, and 2017 tournaments and have an overall record of 35–36.
NCAA tournament
The Golden Flashes have made four appearances in the NCAA Division I Softball Championship as of 2017, the most recent being in 2017. Kent State has one appearance in the Women's College World Series and an overall record of 7–8 in the tournament.
Coaches
Through the 2017 season, Kent State has had six head coaches. The program's first varsity head coach, Kirk Semler, who graduated from Kent State in 1975 and was a member of the KSU men's swimming team, also coached the women's swimming team in 1976 and served as an assistant to the men's swimming team. Laurel Wartluft, who succeeded Semler in 1977, served as women's basketball coach during their tenure as softball coach.
Facilities
Home games are played at the Judith K. Devine Diamond, which opened in 1999. It is located along Summit Street adjacent to the southwest corner of Dix Stadium on the eastern edge of the Kent State University campus. The facility features bleacher seating for 500 fans, dugouts, bullpens, a press box, and batting cages. The stadium was renovated in 2004 and a new scoreboard was installed in 2008. The field is natural grass with dimensions that are deeper in the power alleys. This is due to an angled outfield fence instead of a typical curved fence. The field was built adjacent to Dix Stadium to allow use of the locker rooms by players and the restroom facilities by fans. It opened as the Kent Softball Field on April 2, 1999 with a doubleheader against Western Michigan. Kent State swept the doubleheader, winning the first game 2–1 in extra innings, followed by a 6–0 win. Through the 2016 season, Kent State has an overall record of 166–70 () at Judith K. Devine Diamond. It was known as the Diamond at Dix from its opening in 1999 through the 2021 season. It was announced on March 9, 2022, that it was renamed for Judith K. Devine, who served in multiple KSU athletics administrator and coaching positions, in particular as the first female head coach of the Kent State women's basketball team.
Judith K. Devine Diamond is the second permanent home for the team, but the fifth field they have called home. When the program was first established in 1975, they played at what was known as University Field in the area north of the Memorial Athletic and Convocation Center. This area was used for construction of the adjacent MACC Annex beginning in 1977, so from 1977 through 1981, the team played off campus at Fred Fuller Park in Kent. The 1981 season was initially scheduled to be at the new Campus Center Drive Field, but the team stayed at Fred Fuller for an additional year and then moved to Triple D Field in Brimfield for the 1982 season. In 1983, the team moved to their first permanent home, Campus Center Drive Field, where they played from 1983 to 1997. It was located along Campus Center Drive just north of Schoonover Stadium, and was built in 1979. The site of the field is now part of the parking lot for the adjacent Student Recreation and Wellness Center, which opened in 1999. For the 1998 season, the team used one of the softball fields at the nearby Allerton Sports Complex while the Diamond at Dix was under construction.
The David and Peggy Edmonds Baseball and Softball Training Facility, which opened in 2014, is the team's indoor facility, providing areas for weight training, batting practice, and meetings. It is adjacent to Schoonover Stadium, home of the baseball team. Plans call for construction of a new softball field and clubhouse adjacent to the facility in the near future. Prior to the opening of the current facility, the team used the Kent State Field House, which they shared with a number of other Kent State athletic teams.
Rivalries
The Flashes arch-rivals are the Akron Zips from the University of Akron, located in Akron, Ohio, approximately to the southwest of Kent. The two teams first played in 1975 when both programs were at the club level. Kent State records the first official meeting as May 1, 1976, a 3–2 Zips win in Youngstown, while Akron records have the first meeting as April 5, 1980, a 3–2 Zips win in Kent. As a result of the two different start years, through the 2018 season, Akron has the series at 69–45–1 in favor of the Flashes, while Kent State lists the series at 76–47–1 in favor of KSU, beginning in 1976. Akron joined the Mid-American Conference in 1993 and both teams were placed in the East Division in 1998. Akron's longest winning streak in the series came in the 1997 and 1998 seasons, when they won seven in a row, while Kent State recorded a 12-game winning streak that spanned from the 2006 season through the 2012 season. The teams have met four times in the MAC Tournament, with Kent State winning all four: 3–2 in 2008, 3–1 in 2009, 3–2 in 2015, and 13–6 in 2016. Since 2012, the games have also counted as part of the larger Wagon Wheel Challenge between the two schools.
In the MAC, Kent State's most common opponents are the Bowling Green Falcons at 116 meetings, the Ohio Bobcats at 118 meetings, and the Miami RedHawks at 111. Through the 2018 season, Kent State leads the series with Bowling Green 71–44 and the series with Ohio 66–52. Miami leads the series with Kent State 58–53.
Outside the MAC, Kent State's most common opponents are nearby Northeast Ohio teams the Cleveland State Vikings from Cleveland State University and the Youngstown State Penguins of Youngstown State University, both of the Horizon League. Kent State has played both the Vikings and Penguins regularly since the Flashes' first varsity season in 1976. Through the 2018 season, Kent State has met Cleveland State 57 times and leads the Vikings 42–15 following a neutral-site Kent State win in Louisville, Kentucky. The Flashes and Penguins have met 65 times through 2018, with Kent State leading the series 51–14 after sweeping a doubleheader in Youngstown. The Penguins and Flashes have met once in the NCAA Tournament, with Kent State winning 8–0 in 2008 at Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Awards
References
External links
Kuhmareh () may refer to:
Kuhmareh District
Kuhmareh Rural District
Clydesdale West is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects four councillors. Its territory covers the small town of Carluke and the surrounding rural area which includes the villages of Braidwood, Crossford and Law – these boundaries were unaffected by a 2017 national review. In 2019, the ward had a population of 19,124.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
SNP councillor Pat Lee defected from the SNP and joined Solidarity on 27 May 2015.
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Clydesdale
Carluke
The River Balvaig (Scottish Gaelic: "Abhainn Balbhaig") is a short river, approximately long, draining from the head of Loch Voil near Balquhidder in Scotland and then passing southwards through the village of Strathyre before flowing into the northern end of Loch Lubnaig.
Rivers of Stirling (council area)
2Balvag
Girardeau House is a national historic site located at 950 East Washington Street, Monticello, Florida in Jefferson County.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 30, 2011.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Florida
DTaP-IPV vaccine is a combination vaccine whose full generic name is diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and acellular pertussis adsorbed and inactivated poliovirus vaccine (IPV).
It is also known as DTaP/IPV, dTaP/IPV, DTPa-IPV, or DPT-IPV. It protects against the infectious diseases diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, and poliomyelitis.
Branded formulations marketed in the USA are Kinrix from GlaxoSmithKline and Quadracel from Sanofi Pasteur.
Repevax is available in the UK.
Within Japan, the formulation is called 四種混合（shishukongou - "mixture of 4").
Astellas markets it under the クアトロバック ('Quattro-back') formulation, while another is available from Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma named テトラビック ('Tetrabic').
A previous product by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company has been withdrawn by the company.
References
Combination drugs
Combination vaccines
Diphtheria
Whooping cough
Tetanus
Polio
Vaccines
René Lennuyeux (1904-1990) was a Général de division of the French Army and Commandant of the French Foreign Legion from 1955 to 1958.
Military career
Saint-Cyrien of the promotion « du chevalier Bayard » (1923-1925). At their sortie, they opted for the Cavalry.
Sous-lieutenant in 1925 and lieutenant in 1927, they joined the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1er REC in Morocco (1929-1934) and was cited three times.
Captain in 1936 and Chef d'escadron in 1943, they participated to the disembarking in Provence in 1944 with their regiment as a Chef d'escadron. They took part in the campaigns of France and Germany and was cited twice.
Lieutenant-colonel in 1945, they were designated as the regimental commander of the 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment 2e REI in Morocco from 1946 to 1949.
Colonel in 1950, they conducted two campaign tours in Indochina 1949–1953.
Général Inspector of the Legion from 1955 to 1958, their command tenure was followed and preceded by général Paul Gardy respectively.
In 1958, they were the director of the civilian and military cabinet of général Raoul Salan in 1958.
Commandant of the 7th Light Armored Division () in 1959, they were also the commandant of the 14th Infantry Division () of the northern zone of Algeria in January 1960.
Général de division in 1960, commandant by interim of the Army Corps of Constantine in May 1961, they were also the Inspector of the Armored Cavalry Arm () in August 1961. The following year, they were nominated as the deputy to the commandant general of the 1st Military Region from 1962 to 1964.
They were admitted to the second section of officers generals in 1964.
Général René Lennuyeux died in 1990.
Recognitions and Honors
Grand Officier de la Légion d'honneur
Croix de guerre 1939-1945
Croix de guerre des théâtres d'opérations extérieures
They totalized 10 citations.
See also
Major (France)
French Foreign Legion Music Band (MLE)
Jean Olié
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations (BCAAM)
French military officers
1904 births
1990 deaths
August 32nd on Earth (, and also known as 32nd Day of August on Earth) is a 1998 Canadian drama film directed and written by Denis Villeneuve, in their feature film directorial debut, and produced by Roger Frappier. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival. Alexis Martin won the Prix Jutra for Best Actor. The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Academy Awards, but was not nominated.
Plot
In the aftermath of a highway mishap, photo model Simone (Pascale Bussières) decides that conceiving a baby with their best friend Philippe (Alexis Martin) is the only way to give their vacant life some meaning. Philippe reluctantly agrees with the proviso that they conceive in a desert.
Cast
See also
List of submissions to the 71st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Canadian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1998 films
1998 drama films
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by Denis Villeneuve
1998 directorial debut films
French-language Canadian films
1990s Canadian films
Dana H. is a play written by Lucas Hnath. The play, based on the real-life experiences of Hnath's mother Dana Higginbotham, premiered at the Kirk Douglas Theatre in previews on May 26, 2019 and officially on June 2. The production was directed by Les Waters and starred Deirdre O'Connell. The play premiered on Broadway at the Lyceum Theatre in repertory with the Tina Satter play Is This a Room, premiering in previews on October 1, 2021 and officially on October 17. It closed on November 28. The play received three Tony Award nominations, winning for Best Actress in a Play (O'Connell) and Best Sound Design of a Play (Mikhail Fiksel).
References
External links
Internet Broadway Database
2019 plays
Broadway plays
Tony Award-winning plays
Vaghri (Bavri) is an Indic language of Pakistan. Vaghri, Wagdi, and Bauria are variants of the same name. It's not clear how many languages they are.
References
Languages of Sindh
Western Indo-Aryan languages
In the mathematical field of topology, local finiteness is a property of collections of subsets of a topological space. It is fundamental in the study of paracompactness and topological dimension.
A collection of subsets of a topological space is said to be locally finite if each point in the space has a neighbourhood that intersects only finitely many of the sets in the collection.
Note that the term locally finite has different meanings in other mathematical fields.
Examples and properties
A finite collection of subsets of a topological space is locally finite. Infinite collections can also be locally finite: for example, the collection of all subsets of of the form for an integer . A countable collection of subsets need not be locally finite, as shown by the collection of all subsets of of the form for a natural number n.
If a collection of sets is locally finite, the collection of all closures of these sets is also locally finite. The reason for this is that if an open set containing a point intersects the closure of a set, it necessarily intersects the set itself, hence a neighborhood can intersect at most the same number of closures (it may intersect fewer, since two distinct, indeed disjoint, sets can have the same closure). The converse, however, can fail if the closures of the sets are not distinct. For example, in the finite complement topology on the collection of all open sets is not locally finite, but the collection of all closures of these sets is locally finite (since the only closures are and the empty set).
Compact spaces
Every locally finite collection of subsets of a compact space must be finite. Indeed, let be a locally finite family of subsets of a compact space . For each point , choose an open neighbourhood that intersects a finite number of the subsets in . Clearly the family of sets: is an open cover of , and therefore has a finite subcover: . Since each intersects only a finite number of subsets in , the union of all such intersects only a finite number of subsets in . Since this union is the whole space , it follows that intersects only a finite number of subsets in the collection . And since is composed of subsets of every member of must intersect , thus is finite.
A topological space in which every open cover admits a locally finite open refinement is called paracompact. Every locally finite collection of subsets of a topological space is also point-finite. A topological space in which every open cover admits a point-finite open refinement is called metacompact.
Second countable spaces
No uncountable cover of a Lindelöf space can be locally finite, by essentially the same argument as in the case of compact spaces. In particular, no uncountable cover of a second-countable space is locally finite.
Closed sets
A finite union of closed sets is always closed. One can readily give an example of an infinite union of closed sets that is not closed. However, if we consider a locally finite collection of closed sets, the union is closed. To see this we note that if is a point outside the union of this locally finite collection of closed sets, we merely choose a neighbourhood of that intersects this collection at only finitely many of these sets. Define a bijective map from the collection of sets that intersects to thus giving an index to each of these sets. Then for each set, choose an open set containing that doesn't intersect it. The intersection of all such for intersected with , is a neighbourhood of that does not intersect the union of this collection of closed sets.
Countably locally finite collections
A collection in a space is countably locally finite (or σ-locally finite) if it is the union of a countable family of locally finite collections of subsets of . Countably local finiteness is a key hypothesis in the Nagata–Smirnov metrization theorem, which states that a topological space is metrizable if and only if it is regular and has a countably locally finite basis.
References
General topology
Properties of topological spaces
A kaross is a cloak made of sheepskin, or the hide of other animals, with the hair left on. It is properly confined to the coat of skin without sleeves and used to be worn by the Khoikhoi and Bushmen / San peoples of South Africa. These karosses became replaced by a blanket. Their chiefs wore karosses of the skin of the wild cat, leopard or caracal. The word is also loosely applied to the cloaks of leopard-skin worn by the chiefs and principal men of several southern African tribes. Kaross is probably either a genuine Khoikhoi word, or else an adaptation of the Dutch kuras (), a cuirass. In a vocabulary dated 1673 "karos" is described as a "corrupt Dutch word."
These days the kaross is a common tourist item, being made of various animal hides including cowhide. The term is loosely applied in modern times to fur blankets sold as bedding. These "karosses" often have panels of different types of animal fur sewn into them in order to make a decorative pattern.
References
Cultural studies
Robes and cloaks
Khoikhoi
Méchant may refer to:
Méchant (band), an American rock band that formed in 2002
"Méchant" (song), a song by French rapper Niska released in 2021
Le Méchant, a 1747 play by Jean-Baptiste-Louis Gresset
Ardclough Sedition Case was a complaint and threat of prosecution leveled against “Nora J Murray” (1888–1955), an Irish poet and school teacher, during the revolutionary period.
Complaint
Ms Murray's teaching of history in Ardclough National School was the subject of a complaint from local Unionist landlord Bertram Hugh Barton (1858–1927) in 1916.
Late in 1917 these allegations reappeared in the form of a complaint about “seditious teaching” filed to the National School commissioners in the name of Mrs Bourke, who said that their child had been discriminated against because they were the son of a British soldier.
Mrs Bourke informed the Commissioners that the teacher “instructs the children always to hate the British and tells them when they grow up they hope they will fight and die for an Irish Republic,” phrases uncannily similar to the complaints used by Bertram Barton.
They alleged that Ms Murray taught children the nationalist poetry written by Emily Lawless (1845–1913) who had been born in nearby Lyons and who was a granddaughter of United Irish leader Valentine Lawless 2nd baron Cloncurry (1773–1853). They also alleged that Ms Murray had allowed songs composed by Thomas Davis and Peadar Kearney to be sung in class. Influences of all three writers can be found in Murray's own poetry.
Response
In October 1917 the Commissioners notified the manager of the school, John Donovan that the complaint had been received. They responded that, contrary to Mrs Bourke's accusations, that there had been no instances of seditious teaching in the history class, which had focused mainly on the Norman period, that the charge of victimisation of Bourke's child was “absolutely false” and that the numbers attending the school had not, as alleged, fallen as a consequence of a loss of confidence in Miss Murray.
Fr Donovan referred to “the celebrated tongue” Mrs Bourke had in the neighbourhood.” They claimed that the teacher was both efficient and popular, and that any songs that may have been sung in class were so widely known that “no-one attaches any significance to them.”
Enquiry
A sworn enquiry organised by Commissioners was postponed, pending a prosecution for sedition by the Dublin Castle administration in Ireland. A defence fund was organised by local people and after considerable publicity no sedition proceedings were initiated.
The only demand on Miss Murray from the Commissioners was that they were required in future to submit all songs to be sung in class for prior approval. Mrs Bourke's children moved to a Protestant school run under the patronage of Barton in Straffan demesne.
Significance
The case was regarded as a turning point in the battle between the Colonial authorities and the Irish National Teachers Organisation and school managers for freedom of expression in the Irish classrooms at a time when teachers were instructed to force children to recite poems such as “a happy English child.”
Notes
References
Gabriel Doherty: National Identity and the Study of Irish History in “The English Historical Review,” Vol. 111, No. 441 (April 1996), pp. 332–3 (Oxford University Press).
John Rooney: The poetry of Nora J Murray in Carrick on Shannon remembered p 57. (1996)
Nora J Murray: A Wind Upon the Heath (1918)
Eoghan Corry and Jim Tancred: Annals of Ardclough (1914)
Freeman's Journal November 29, 1917.
Leinster Leader December 1, 1917, March 30, 1918, August 18, 1918, August 31, 1918, November 30, 1918.
Leitrim Observer December 1, 1917
1917 in Ireland
History of education in Ireland
The 2010–11 Belgian Cup (also known as Cofidis Cup because of sponsoring purposes) is the 56th season of the main knockout football competition in Belgium. It commenced on 24 July 2010 with the first matches of Round 1 and will conclude with the Final in May 2011. K. A. A. Gent are the defending champions having won their third Belgian Cup in the 2009-10 season.
Competition modus
The competition consisted of ten rounds. The first seven rounds were held as single-match elimination rounds. When tied after 90 minutes in the first three rounds, penalties were taken immediately. In rounds four to seven, when tied after 90 minutes first an extra time period of 30 minutes was played, then penalties were taken if still necessary. The quarter- and semifinals were played in a two-leg modus, where the team winning on aggregate advanced. The Final was then again played as a single match.
Teams entered the competition in different rounds, based upon their 2009–10 league affiliation. Teams from the fourth-level Promotion or lower began in Round 1. Third Division teams entered in Round 3, with Second Division teams joining in the following round. Teams from the Belgian First Division entered in Round 6.
Starting Rounds
The starting five rounds featured only teams of lower divisions and all matches were played during the summer and early fall, mostly in July and August.
Round 1
The matches were played on 23 through 27 July 2010.
Round 2
The matches were played on 31 July and 1 August 2010.
Round 3
The matches were played on 7 and 8 August 2010.
Round 4
The matches were played during the weekend of 14 and 15 August 2010.
|}
Note
Note 1: Order of legs reversed after original draw.
Round 5
The matches were played on 22 August 2010.
|}
Final Stages
Bracket
Round 6
These matches took place on 26–27 October 2010.
Round 7
These matches took place in November 2010.
Quarterfinals
The draw for the quarter- and semifinals took place on November 24, 2010. The matches will be played over two legs.
First legs
Second legs
Gent wins 3–0 on aggregate.
Cercle Brugge wins 3–1 on aggregate.
Standard wins 6–1 on aggregate.
4–4 on aggregate, Westerlo won on away goals.
Semifinals
The semi finals will also be two-legged.
First legs
Second legs
3–3 on aggregate, Westerlo won on away goals.
Standard wins 4–3 on aggregate.
Final
See also
2010–11 Belgian First Division
References
External links
Official site
2010-11
2010–11 domestic association football cups
Cup
Alan Trewartha Davies (born 1933) is a Canadian Christian minister and academic who is emeritus professor of religion at the University of Toronto, Canada.  They are also an ordained minister in the United Church of Canada.
Career
From 1969 to 1989, Davies was lecturer and then associate professor in the religious studies department at Victoria College. From 1989 to 1998, they were professor at the Centre for the Study of Religion of the University of Toronto. Davies conducted research into the relations between Jews and Christians.
Publications
Their books Anti-Semitism in Canada and How Silent Were the Churches? (with Marilyn F. Nefsky) received Canadian Jewish Book Awards.
References
20th-century Canadian Protestant theologians
University of Toronto faculty
1933 births
Living people
Scholars of antisemitism
Canadian biblical scholars
Religion academics
Ministers of the United Church of Canada
The 56th Training Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the 56th Operations Group at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona.
The squadron was first activated at Hamilton Field, California in 1941 as the 56th Pursuit Squadron. It deployed to Alaska where it earned a Distinguished Unit Citation in combat during the Aleutian Campaign. It returned to the United States, where it became a training unit and was disbanded in a general reorganization of the Army Air Forces in 1944.
The squadron was redesignated the 56th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and activated late in 1952 as an air defense unit in the upper midwestern United States. It initially flew North American F-86 Sabres, but converted to the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter. It continued to fly the Starfighter until Air Defense Command began to phase them out of its inventory.
In 1979, the squadron was redesignated as the 56th Tactical Training Squadron. It dropped the "Tactical" from its designation in 1991. Since 1979, except for a brief break in 1993–1994, the squadron has conducted academic training for United States Air Force fighter pilots, earning six Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards along the way.
Mission
The 56th Training Squadron trains almost half of the United States Air Force's new fighter pilots each year. It provides academic and ground training for pilots transitioning into the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon at Luke Air Force Base, and at the Papago Park military reservation in Phoenix, Arizona. Courses provided by the unit include initial instruction, transition courses, senior officer courses, Thunderbird/aggressor pilot instruction, forward air control, night systems and F-16 Block 50 specialized conversion courses. It also provides academic, simulator and live mission training for upgrading weapons directors. It establishes quality control of training materials and manages all international military student affairs and aircrew training devices for the 56th Fighter Wing.
History
World War II
The squadron was activated at Hamilton Field, California as the 56th Pursuit Squadron on 15 January 1941, It trained with Curtiss P-36 Hawks and Curtiss P-40 Warhawks, then moved to Everett Army Air Field, where it served as a part of the air defense force for the northwest Pacific coast during the first few months of World War II. The squadron was redesignated as a fighter unit in May 1942.
On 20 June 1942, the air echelon of the 56th took its newly assigned Bell P-39 Airacobras to Nome, Alaska, where it served in combat against the Japanese forces that invaded the Aleutian Islands during the summer of 1942. For operations against the Japanese in November 1942 the squadron received a Distinguished Unit Citation.
The air echelon returned to the United States in December 1942 and rejoined the group, which had been assigned to Third Air Force in Louisiana, and became a replacement training unit (RTU) for North American P-51 Mustang pilots. RTUs were oversized units training individual pilots or aircrews. In early May 1943, the 54th Fighter Group began a split operation, with headquarters and the 56th and 57th Fighter Squadrons relocating to Bartow Army Air Field, Florida, while the group's other squadron was at Hillsborough Army Air Field. However, the Army Air Forces (AAF) was finding that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization, were proving less well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly, a more functional system was adopted in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit. As a result, in 1944 the squadron was disbanded as the AAF converted to the AAF Base Unit system. The units at Bartow were replaced by the 340th AAF Base Unit (Replacement Training Unit, Fighter),
Cold War
The squadron was reconstituted as the 56th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, activated at Selfridge AFB, Michigan in November 1952, assigned to the 4708th Air Defense Wing, and equipped with North American F-86F Sabres. In February 1953 the 56th was assigned to the 575th Air Defense Group, and in July converted to radar equipped and Mighty Mouse rocket armed F-86Ds.
On 18 August 1955, as part of Air Defense Command's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars., the 56th FIS moved on paper from Selfridge to Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, where it assumed the mission, personnel and aircraft of the 97th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron. At Wright-Patterson the squadron was assigned to the 4706th Air Defense Wing until the spring of 1956 when it transferred to the 58th Air Division. The squadron was the primary air defense unit for southwestern Ohio and the research facilities at Wright-Patterson.
In the Spring of 1957, the 56th FIS began re-equipping with the North American F-86L Sabre, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated data link to communicate directly with Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) computers. The unit became proficient with both the F-86L and SAGE, and won an Air Defense Command "A" award for live rocket SURE-FIRE missions in the late summer of 1957.
The transition into the F-86L was short-lived however, as the squadron began transition into the "missile-with-a-man-in-it", the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter in May 1958, becoming the second ADC squadron equipped with the Starfighter. The squadron received both single seat F-104As and the two-seat, dual-control, combat trainer F-104B. The performance of the F-104B was almost identical to that of the F-104A, but the lower internal fuel capacity reduced its effective range considerably. The 56th FIS was under operational control of 30th Air Division (Air Defense), before being transferred to the Detroit Air Defense Sector in April 1959.
It was found that the F-104A was not very well suited for service as an interceptor. Its short interception range was a problem for North American air defense, and its lack of all-weather capability made it incapable of operating in conjunction with the SAGE system. Its service with the ADC was consequently quite brief, and the F-104As of the 56th FIS were transferred to the Air National Guard.
With the transfer of the Starfighters, ADC shut down operations at Wright-Patterson and the 56th FIS was inactivated at Wright-Patterson on 1 March 1960.
Training
In 1979, the squadron became the 56th Tactical Training Squadron and was assigned to the 56th Tactical Fighter Wing at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida to conduct academic training for F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter pilots until 1993 when it was inactivated. From the spring of 1994, performed the same function at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona as well as for McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle pilots in 1994 and 1995. The squadron has earned six Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards for its performance of this mission.
Lineage
Constituted as the 56th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) on 20 November 1940
Activated on 15 January 1941
Redesignated 56th Fighter Squadron, Single Engine on 15 May 1942
Disbanded on 1 May 1944
Reconstituted and redesignated 56th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, on 14 November 1952
Activated on 27 November 1952
Discontinued on 1 March 1960
Redesignated 56th Tactical Training Squadron on 25 September 1979
Activated on 1 October 1979
Redesignated 56th Training Squadron on 1 November 1991
Inactivated on 20 July 1993
Activated on 1 April 1994
Assignments
54th Pursuit Group (later Fighter Group), 15 January 1941 – 1 May 1944
4708th Defense Wing, 27 November 1952
575th Air Defense Group, 16 February 1953
4706th Air Defense Wing, 18 August 1955
58th Air Division, 1 March 1956
30th Air Division, 1 September 1958
Detroit Air Defense Sector, 1 April 1959 – 1 March 1960
56th Tactical Fighter Wing (later 56th Tactical Training Wing, 56th Fighter Wing), 1 October 1979
56th Operations Group, 1 November 1991 – 20 July 1993
56th Operations Group, 1 April 1994 – present
Stations
Hamilton Field, [California, 15 January 1941
Everett Army Air Field (later Paine Field), Washington, 26 June 1941
Harding Field, Louisiana, 31 January 1942 (air echelon operated from Santa Ana Army Air Base, California, 28 May 1942 – 12 June 1942, Nome, Alaska, 20 June 1942 – 20 October 1942, and Elmendorf Field, Alaska Territory, 23 October 1942 – 21 December 1942)
Bartow Army Air Field, Florida, May 1943-1 May 1944
Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan, 27 November 1952
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, 18 August 1955 – 1 March 1960
MacDill Air Force Base, Florida, 1 October 1979 – 20 July 1993
Luke Air Force Base, Arizona, 1 April 1994 – present
Aircraft
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk, 1941
Bell P-39 Airacobra, 1941–1943
North American P-51 (later F-51) Mustang, 1943–1944, 1952–1953
F-86F Sabre, 1953
F-86D Sabre, 1953–1957
F-86L Sabre, 1957–1958
Lockheed F-104A/B Starfighter, 1958–1960
Awards and campaigns
References
Notes
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, 1956
Further reading
Grant, C.L., The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, (1961), USAF Historical Study No. 126
Vol II
USAF Aerospace Defense Command publication, The Interceptor, January 1979 (Volume 21, Number 1).
Military units and formations in Ohio
0056
Havzi Nela (20 February 1934 – 10 August 1988) was an Albanian dissident poet, born in the village of Kollovoz in the district of Kukës. They managed to finish both elementary and high school while living in extreme poverty. In high school they began to express objections against what they perceived as "injustices" that, according to him, were created by the communist regime. After this they began studies at the Higher Pedagogical Institute of Shkodra (Luigj Gurakuqi University today), but was expelled due to seemingly rebellious and controversial beliefs. After much difficulty, they found a job as an elementary school teacher at Plani i Bardhe, a small village in the district of Mat, but was forced to leave the village due to suspicious activity. Suspicion arose after students began reading their poetry. They then went on to study at the Higher Pedagogical Institute of Shkodra by correspondence. They worked as a teacher in different villages such as Kruma, Lojme and Shishtavec until 1967, when they moved to Topojan. Topojan was where the most dramatic events of the poet and their family began.
Havzi Nela was constantly under surveillance and was often taken into custody. They were restricted and censored heavily in what they wrote, but also where and how they could live. After their students read the poem "Shko dallandyshe" (Go Swallow) written by Filip Shiroka, Havzi Nela and their wife, Lavdie, were under threat of prosecution from the government due to its controversial content. They risked their lives by taking the journey over the border into Kosovo, Yugoslavia on 26 April 1967. While crossing the frontier they wrote on a piece of paper; "Goodbye, homeland, I am leaving, but with a broken heart", (Lamtumire atdhe i dashur, se po iki zemërplasur). They placed the piece of paper in the branch of a hazel tree. It is widely believed that the purpose of this was to declare an undying love for the country and its people however expressing disdain towards its dictatorship.
A tragic fate would soon follow in Kosovo. They were captured just beyond the border together with their wife. They were arrested and imprisoned in Prizren, Kosovo.
On 6 May 1967, the Yugoslavian government agreed on an exchange turning Havzi Nela and Lavdie Nela in for several Yugoslavian prisoners held in Albania. The exchange took place at the Morina border crossing point.
On 22 May 1967, the poet was tried and sentenced by the courts of Kukës county to fifteen years in prison, on charges of betrayal and desertion of their country, serious offences under the regime of communist leader Enver Hoxha. Their wife Lavdie Nela was sentenced to ten years in prison. They were offered the possibility of a shorter sentence if they would forsake and divorce their husband, but did not agree to this and accepted their punishment. Havzi Nela was imprisoned in the prison of Burrel initially then transferred to Spaç-Rrëshen prison.
On 8 August 1975, eight years were added to Nela's sentence due to their involvement in organising and leading an uprising which took place within the prison, directed against the government regime and the appalling conditions at the prison. On 19 December 1986, they were finally released from prison, but was strictly confined to the village of Arren. When news came of their dying mother less than a year later, on 12 October 1987 they left Arren to go and see them one last time. This was discovered by the government immediately and Havzi Nela was once again arrested and soon after sentenced to death by hanging.
On 24 June 1988, the Supreme Court of Albania's communist judges consisting of Fehmi Abdiu, Vili and Fatmira Laskaj Robo rejected Lavdie Nela's appeal against their husband's death sentence. Those behind this felt it was a good opportunity to make an example out of Havzi Nela. They built a contraption in the middle of the town of Kukës where they would be hanged publicly. The death penalty was signed by Ramiz Alia and Kristaq Rama, the father of Albania's current Prime Minister, Edi Rama On August 10, 1988, at 02:00 am, they were executed.
After being exposed all day on 10 August 1988, at midnight communist officials took their body and threw it vertically in a hole created by removal of a wooden pole at an undisclosed location. They were deprived of the opportunity to reach out to all the dead and to be laid to rest. Their body remained buried at an undisclosed location for five years and ten days, until 20 August 1993. After numerous attempts by the post-communist government of Albania, this was the day that it finally became possible to search the land which was covered with rocks and bushes near Kolsh village, two kilometres away from Kukës. With the presidential decree of the President of the Republic of Albania, Sali Berisha, Havzi Nela was given the title "Martyr of Democracy".
In 2009, in marking the 75th anniversary of the birth of Havzi Nela, prominent writer Ismail Kadare wrote: "The poet Havzi Nela is a bell that still rings for Albanian society. Not to listen to it is to continue to be trampled on by the foot of the oppressor."
References
1934 births
1988 deaths
People from Kukës
Albanian male poets
People executed by Albania by hanging
Executed Albanian people
20th-century Albanian poets
20th-century male writers
Nelson John Beach (September 21, 1800 Hebron, Tolland County, Connecticut - February 22, 1876 Watson, Lewis County, New York) was an American surveyor, business person and politician from New York.
Life
They were the son of John Beach (1770–1845). The family removed from Litchfield, Connecticut, to Watson, NY, in 1814. They married Emily Porter, and their children were George Byron Beach (d. 1870) and Anna Lydia Beach.
Beach became a land surveyor, and was engaged on the survey of a highway through the wilderness, projected to run from Crown Point on Lake Champlain to Carthage, Jefferson County, New York.
An Act, passed on March 29, 1828, by the New York State Legislature, allowed Nelson J. Beach to erect and exploit a toll bridge over the Black River between Lowville, NY, and Watson, NY.
They were Supervisor of the Town of Watson from 1831 to 1834, from 1837 to 1838, and in 1845. They were a Whig member of the New York State Assembly (Lewis Co.) in 1846, and of the New York State Senate (5th D.) in 1847. Here they advocated the construction of the Black River Canal.
They were one of the first three Canal Commissioners elected in 1847 under the New York State Constitution of 1846, and drew the two-year term, being in office from 1848 to 1849. In 1849, they ran for re-election on the Whig ticket, but was defeated by Frederick Follett. From January 1850 to November 1852, they were a Canal Appraiser. In 1854, they became Vice-President and Superintendent of Construction of the Hudson River Railroad. In 1855, they resigned this post, and accepted the appointment as Resident Engineer on the Eastern Division of the New York State Canals, remaining on the canal work for two years. Afterwards they took charge of the abandoned Ogdensburg, Clayton and Rome Railroad and closed up its affairs.
In 1862, President Abraham Lincoln appointed them Assessor of Internal Revenue for the counties of Jefferson, Lewis and Herkimer.
Sources
Laws of the State of New York (Fifty-first Session, 1828)
Short bio in A History of Lewis County, in the State of New York: From the Beginning of Its Settlement to the Present Time by Franklin Benjamin Hough (Munsell & Rowland, Albany NY, 1860; pages 218f)
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (pages 42f, 135, 138, 232 and 258; Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858)
Obit of their son G. B. Beach, in NYT on August 12, 1870
Bios of canal engineers, at Rochester History
1800 births
1876 deaths
People from Lewis County, New York
Erie Canal Commissioners
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state senators
American surveyors
People from Hebron, Connecticut
19th-century American railroad executives
New York (state) Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Politicians from Litchfield, Connecticut
TV3 Sport is a Danish sports television channel, owned by Viaplay Group and operated by TV3 SPORT. The channel originally broadcast as TV 2 SPORT and was a joint-venture between TV 2 and Modern Times Group.
MTG launched a dedicated Danish version of its Viasat Sport channel in January 2002. In December 2006, TV 2 and MTG announced that they would enter a partnership to launch TV 2 SPORT and its sister channel TV 2 SPORT Xtra (later renamed TV 2 SPORT HD). This channel would replace the Danish version of Viasat Sport 1 (as it was then called). It would also mean that Viasat Sport 2 and 3 would disappear from cable television and TV 2's second channel TV 2 Zulu would broadcast less sport.
The original launch of TV 2 SPORT was set to 1 March 2007, but the launch had to be postponed since an investigation by the Danish Competition Authority caused a delay. The Competition Authority gave its permission to the establishment of TV 2 SPORT on 11 April 2007, and later that day the channel began broadcasting.
On 8 October 2012, it was announced that MTG would buy TV 2's share of TV 2 SPORT, however the deal did not go through until 19 December 2012 when the Competition Authority approved the deal, on the condition that MTG would abide by certain rules until major football TV rights (Danish Superliga, UEFA Champions League) are renegotiated in 2015.
On 7 January 2013, TV3 SPORT 1 began broadcasting and it was announced that an additional channel, TV3 SPORT 2, would be launched on 5 February 2013.
On 31 October 2017, the sister channel TV3 Sport 2 renamed as TV3 Max, and the first channel removed the number 1.
References
External links
Official website
Television stations in Denmark
Television channels and stations established in 2007
2007 establishments in Denmark
Sports television in Denmark
Modern Times Group
The yellow-throated spadebill (Platyrinchus flavigularis) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
yellow-throated spadebill
Birds of the Northern Andes
yellow-throated spadebill
yellow-throated spadebill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Heptanone may refer to the following ketones with seven carbon atoms the formula C7H14O:
2-Heptanone (Methyl amyl ketone)
5-Methyl-2-hexanone (Methyl isoamyl ketone)
4-Methyl-2-hexanone (Methyl 2-methylbutyl ketone)
3-Methyl-2-hexanone (Methyl 1-methylbutyl ketone)
3,3-Dimethyl-2-pentanone
4,4-Dimethyl-2-pentanone (Methyl neopentyl ketone)
3,4-Dimethyl-2-pentanone
3-Ethyl-2-pentanone
3-Heptanone
2,4-Dimethyl-3-pentanone (Diisopropyl ketone)
4-Heptanone
2-Methyl-3-hexanone (Isopropyl propyl ketone)
4-Methyl-3-hexanone (Ethyl sec-butyl ketone)
5-Methyl-3-hexanone (Ethyl isobutyl ketone)
See also
Cycloheptanone
Methylcyclohexanone
2-Methylcyclohexanone
3-Methylcyclohexanone
4-Methylcyclohexanone
Form LM-2 is filed with the Office of Labor-Management Standards (OLMS) by unions in the United States that details how a union spent funds in the past year. It is the most detailed report labor organizations are required to file.
History
Form LM-2, along with several other forms, was developed by the OLMS to fulfill the Labor Management Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959 reporting requirements. In 2002, the OLMS rewrote parts of LM-2 in an effort to increase transparency. Since 2005, all organizations have been required to file the form electronically.
References
United States government forms
Labor in the United States
Morad Tahbaz is an Iranian-American business person and conservationist. They were born in London and holds British citizenship. Tahbaz is a co-founder of the Persian Wildlife Heritage Foundation (PWHF). In January 2018, Iranian authorities arrested Tahbaz along with eight other PWHF-affiliated individuals.
In 2018, an Iranian Presidential Commission composed of Cabinet Ministers appointed by Iranian President Rouhani investigated the allegations and concluded that the facts do not support the claims against Tahbaz or their colleagues. The Commission declared publicly that Tabhaz and their colleagues did nothing wrong and “must be freed soon.”
In November 2019, the Iranian judiciary sentenced Tahbaz to 10 years in prison for "contacts with the US enemy government."
In June 2020 and on the occasion of World Environment Day, US Department of State called for the release of Morad Tahbaz. In a video message, Brian Hook encouraged governments to join this call to end the detention of Tahbaz and their colleagues.
Tahbaz was released from prison 'on furlough' on March 16th, 2022. They were returned to prison two days later.
Education
Tahbaz graduated from Colgate University in 1977 with a degree in liberal arts and from Columbia University in 1983 with an MBA.
See also
List of foreign nationals detained in Iran
Niloufar Bayani, PWHF employee also being held in detention
Hostage diplomacy
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American people of Iranian descent
21st-century American businesspeople
American conservationists
American people imprisoned in Iran
Iranian prisoners and detainees
Iranian conservationists
Colgate University alumni
Columbia Business School alumni
British people of Iranian descent
Hensingham ARLFC is an amateur Rugby league club based in Whitehaven. Founded in 1900, It wasn't until 1920 that the Club changed its allegiances to Rugby League. Hensingham are one of the oldest rugby clubs in the country. They now play their rugby in the NCL Division Three.
National Conference league
Hensingham ARLFC were elected to enter the Kingstone Press National Conference league in 2019 along with two other teams Heworth A.R.L.F.C. and Batley Boys ARLFC.
They got the nod over other strong contenders Nottingham Outlaws and Walney Central ARLFC, Gloucestershire All Golds, Cutsyke Raiders, Distington A.R.L.F.C and East Hull A.R.L.F.C. also being disappointed.
They will be the fourth West Cumbrian club to be accepted into membership of the Conference, joining town rivals Kells A.R.L.F.C., And fellow West Cumbrian rivals Wath Brow and Egremont form the 2019 season. Hensingham will play in division 3.
Youth Team
Within the Youth Section they run team at all age groups from U6s through to U18s
In the Under-16 cup, it was Hensingham who ran out 26-20 winners to lift the West Cumbria Youth League trophy after a tight game with town rivals Kells.
Hensingham u13's won League Champions trophy and League Cup and the Grand Final. 2019
In the season 2019 Hensingham played against an Australian touring side Kincumber Colts the Australians won 24.-4
History
The history of Hensingham is long. The clubs presence in rugby circles being unbroken for over a century.
Founded in 1900 and has a long of providing many sportsmen through the delivery of coaching for young people in area. Their present site has been developed since 1973.
They began in a rundown shed known locally as “the Chicken Shed”, and became more succesulf.
Hensingham were elected to enter the Kingstone Press National Conference league Division 3 in 2019.
Former notable players
Lee Mossop
Kyle Amor
Sol Roper
Jon Roper
Alan McCurrie
Vincent Gribbin
Joseph Bonnar
Bob Nicholson
Stephen Holgate
Jason Mossop
Matt Jimmy Dalton
Honours
BARLA Cumbria Cup: 1990-91, 1993-94, 2002-03, 2017-18
Cumberland League: 1925-26, 1988-89, 1993-94, 1994-95, 1995-96 2002-2003, 2003-2004
Cumberland County Cup: 1927-28, 2017-18
Alliance Championship: 2001-02
Cumbria Men's League: 2017
References
Rugby league teams in Cumbria
Whitehaven
Rugby clubs established in 1900
1900 establishments in England
Sport in Cumbria
English rugby league teams
Miss Universe Cambodia 2022 was the 4th edition of the Miss Universe Cambodia pageant which will be held on June 15, 2022, in Phnom Penh. Miss Universe Cambodia 2021 Ngin Marady crowned Manita Hang as their successor at the end of the event.
Background
Location and date
The fourth edition of the Miss Universe Cambodia beauty contest was scheduled to be held on 15 June 2022. The press conference of the contest was conducted at the Oakwood Premier in Phnom Penh on 30 April, in which the Bayon TV Steung Meanchey Studio in Phnom Penh will be served as the venue for the national costume parade, preliminary competition and the grand final coronation whereas R&F City Swimming Pool of R&F City Phnom Penh will be served as the venue for the swimsuit competition.
Hosts and Performer
Like the 2021 edition, Try Davaruth (Cambodia's Man of the Year 2019) hosted the preliminary competition with the reigning Miss Universe Cambodia (Ngin Marady) to host the preliminary competition as well as Somnang Alyna hosting as well. As for the final however, instead of Somnang Alyna, Na sady and Sarita Reth (Miss Universe Cambodia 2020 and official mentor of Miss Universe Cambodia) hosted the event with Try Davaruth.
Selection of Participants
Applications for Miss Universe Cambodia started on 1st April 2022 and the official press presentation for Miss Universe Cambodia 2022 was on 20th May 2022.
'Queen Indradevi' Crown
A new crown will be used to award the winner of the Miss Universe Cambodia pageant for the 2022 edition. The headwear is known as the "Queen Indradevi" crown and was crafted by CSNJ Samnang Jewellery. The crown costs USD $180,000 (KHR 736,394,760 ៛)
The crown was inspired from the headwear of Queen Indradevi, wife of Jayavarman VII. It is said to be designed to follow the greatness of Queen Indradevi's Crown, which shows power and prestige of Khmer women from the past and the present.
Results
Color keys
Contestants
20 contestants competed for the title.
Crossovers and returnees
Contestants who previously competed or will be competing at other beauty pageants:
National Pageants
Miss Cambodia
2021: Sreykhouch Houn (2nd Runner-Up)
Miss Grand Cambodia
2020: Sokundavy Uch (as Siem Reap) (Unplaced) (Miss Popular Vote)
2021: Sreyleak Pok (as Prey Veng) (Top 10)
Miss Tourism Cambodia
2015: Manita Hang (Winner)
Miss Universe Cambodia
2019: Panha Chhoy (Top 10)
2021: Geklang Hun (Unplaced)
2021: Sreyleak Pok (Top 10)
2021: Sreypich Sary (Top 10)
Miss World Cambodia
2020: Sreyleak Pok (Unplaced)
Miss University Cambodia
2016: Sothnisay Heng (1st Runner-up)
International Pageants
Miss Earth
2020: Nisay Heng (appointed) (Unplaced) (Winner - Talent (Sing Category) Asia / Oceania)
Miss Chinese World
2021: Panha Chhoy (appointed) (Unplaced)
Miss Global
2019: Soriyan Hang (appointed) (Top 11)
Miss Tourism Metropolitan
2016: Manita Hang (2nd Runner-Up)
Miss World Peace
2022: Geklang Hun (TBA)
Miss Cosmopolitan World
2016: Sothnisay Heng (Unplaced)
References
2022 beauty pageants
Cambodian awards
2022 in Cambodia
4659 Roddenberry, provisional designation , is a Nysian asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 2 March 1981, by American astronomer Schelte Bus at the Siding Spring Observatory in Australia. The likely S-type asteroid has an unsecured rotation period of 12 hours. It was named for American screenwriter Gene Roddenberry.
Orbit and classification
Roddenberry is a core member of the Nysa family (), a very large family of stony asteroids, alternatively known as Herta family. It is part of the Nysa–Polana complex, the largest grouping of asteroids in the main-belt. The complex is typically further divided into subfamilies with different spectral properties.
The asteroid orbits the Sun in the inner asteroid belt at a distance of 1.8–2.9 AU once every 3 years and 8 months (1,334 days; semi-major axis of 2.37 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.22 and an inclination of 2° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with a precovery taken at Palomar Observatory in February 1977, or four years prior to its official discovery observation at Siding Spring.
Physical characteristics
Roddenberry is an assumed stony S-type asteroid, typical for core members of the Nysa family and in agreement with its high albedo (see below).
Rotation period
In the 1990s, a fragmentary rotational lightcurve of Roddenberry was obtained from photometric observations by Richard Binzel. Lightcurve analysis gave a highly uncertain rotation period of 12 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.14 magnitude (). As of 2018, no secure period has been obtained.
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, Roddenberry measures 3.622 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.193, while the Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for stony asteroids of 0.20, and derives a diameter of 3.56 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 14.61.
Naming
This minor planet was named in memory of famous American screenwriter, producer and futurist, Gene Roddenberry (1921–1991), known for the Star Trek and Star Trek: The Next Generation television series, and for the Star Trek film franchise. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 18 February 1992 ().
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (1)-(5000) – Minor Planet Center
004659
Discoveries by Schelte J. Bus
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
19810302
Royal Tailor was an American Christian pop rock band. The group disbanded in 2015.
History
Royal Tailor was started by Tauren Wells, DJ Cox, Jeremy Guzman, and Blake Hubbard while they were attending Indiana Bible College in 2004. Jarrod Ingram, who attended Gateway College of Evangelism (now Urshan College), joined later.
After hearing Royal Tailor's music, Leeland and Jack Mooring passed along the band's EP to Jason McArthur, Vice President of A&R of Provident Music Group, who signed them to a record deal. Producers Aaron Lindsey, Chuck Butler and Daniel Kinner produced their debut album, Black & White, which was released on June 7, 2011. It received a nomination for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album for the 54th Grammy Awards.
In 2013, they released their self-titled album that included "Ready Set Go" (featuring Capital Kings) as its single. The album made it to No. 95 on the Billboard 200, No. 3 US Christian Albums, and No. 17 US Independent Album.
The group disbanded in 2015 when Wells started their solo career. The other members of the band have moved-on to new projects. In 2016, Wells said of the decision to disband Royal Tailor that "The band was successful, by our measures of success. It was doing well, still growing. I felt like we had just put out our best album. Things were great, relationally, and obviously we're best friends. But to be honest, we were so tired." Wells released their first solo single (Love Is Action) in May 2016, an EP (Undefeated) in September 2016, and has done other projects.
Members
Tauren Wells – lead vocals (2004–2015)
DJ Cox – guitar, backing vocals (2004–2015)
Blake Hubbard – bass guitar, backing vocals (2004–2015)
Jarrod Ingram – drums (2009–2015)
Travis Rigney – drums (2004–2008)
Jeremy Guzman – keyboards (2004–2008)
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
Guest appearances
Awards
Grammy Awards
GMA Dove Awards
References
External links
American pop rock music groups
American Christian musical groups
Musical groups from Indiana
Essential Records (Christian) artists
Bruce Robert Blair (born 27 December 1957) is a New Zealand former cricketer who played first-class cricket for Otago and Northern Districts between 1977 and 1990. They played 14 One Day Internationals for the New Zealand national cricket team in the mid-1980s. They coached Northern Districts from 2001 to 2006 and was later a coaching services advisor at the New Zealand Academy of Sport in Hamilton. They were a select for both Northern Districts and Central Districts.
Blair was born at Dunedin and educated at Otago Boys High School. Their older brother, Wayne, played first-class cricket for Otago from 1967 to 1991.
References
1957 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
New Zealand One Day International cricketers
Otago cricketers
Northern Districts cricketers
South Island cricketers
The list of all various military uniforms by used of the Philippine Commonwealth Army during the Second World War.
Army and military service uniforms
Military headgear
Military cap
Peaked cap (1935-1946)
Garrison Cap (1935-1946)
Overseas Cap (1935-1946)
Military coats/jackets/shirts
Military trousers
Military footwear
Army and military combat uniforms
Military Headgear
Military Helmets
Brodie helmet (in US M1917 Helmet) (1935-1946)
M1 Helmet (1942-1946)
American M1938 Tanker Helmet (1942-1946)
Military Lightweight Cloth-Covered Helmet
Guinit Sun Helmets (1935-1942)
Sun Helmet (1935-1946)
Military Garrison Caps
Garrison Cap (1935-1946)
Overseas Cap (1935-1946)
Military Caps, Hats and Hood
M1941 American Field Cap (1942-1946)
American HBT Cap (1942-1946)
American Tanker Hood (1942-1946)
American Jeep Cap (1942-1946)
M1940 Blue Denim Work Hat (1940-1942)
Military Coats/Jackets/Shirts
Military Coat
M1940 Blue Denim Work Coat (1935-1942)
Military Jackets
M1940 Blue Denim Work Uniform/Jacket (1940-1942)
U.S. Army M-1943 Uniform/Jacket (1943-1946)
M-1938 Field Jacket (1938-1946)
M-1941 Field Jacket (1941-1946)
American Tanker Jacket (1942-1946)
American HBT Jacket (1942-1946)
Military Shirts
American Khaki Cotton Summer Uniform/Shirt (1935-1942)
British Khaki Drill uniform/shirt (1935-1942)
American Mustard Wool Uniform/Shirt (1942-1946)
American M-1937 Wool Shirt (1942-1946)
American M-1937 OD Wool Shirt (1942-1946)
Military Trousers/Shorts
Military Trousers
American Khaki Cotton Summer Uniform/Trousers (1935-1942)
M1940 Blue Denim Work Uniform/Trousers (1935-1942)
American Mustard Wool Uniform/Trousers (1942-1946)
U.S. Army M-1943 Uniform/Trousers (1943-1946)
American M-1937 Woolen Trousers (1942-1946)
American M-1937 OD Wool Trousers (1942-1946)
American HBT Trousers (1942-1946)
Military Shorts
British Khaki Drill Uniform/Shorts (1935-1942)
Military Tanker Overalls and Trousers
Military Overalls
American HBT Overalls (1942-1946)
Military Tanker Trousers
American Tanker Trousers (1935-1946)
Military Footwear
Military Leggings
M-1938 Leggings (1938-1946)
Military Shoes
Type 1 Service Shoe (1935-1946)
Type 2 Service Shoe (1935-1946)
Military Boots
American Two Buckle Boots (1942-1946)
M-1944 Combat Boot (1944-1946)
References
Philippine Army
Military equipment of the Philippines
Mirzakhania is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
Aa Church (), located in Aakirkeby on the Danish island of Bornholm, is a Romanesque church dating from the 12th century. It is the parish church of Aaker Parish.
History and architecture
Aa Church, which literally means "stream church", owes its name to the two streams which run beside it. Dedicated to John the Baptist, it was first known as Sankt Hans kirke (St John's Church). A gilded figure of St John stood in the church until 1706 but was buried in the churchyard by the priest as it was attracting undue attention from Catholic prisoners during the Great Northern War.
The church was built in the latter half of the 12th century in several stages. The oldest remaining sections are the choir and apse and the lower parts of the nave, all characterized by greenish sandstone and rust-brown shale from nearby Grødby Stream. The western end of the nave and the tower are made of limestone. The men's door to the south and the women's door to the north have both been preserved although the latter has been transformed into a window.
The tower was originally narrower on the western side but was already widened to its current dimensions of 13 by 11 metres during the Romanesque period. With its four floors, it reaches a height of 22 metres. The twin roofs from the 14th century probably replaced a four-sided pyramid. The bells now hang here although they were originally housed in the Bornholm fashion in a separate bell tower to the south of the church. The vaulted rooms in the tower were once used to store foodstuffs. The porch of Nexø sandstone, the oldest on Bornholm, is slightly more recent than the tower but still dates to the Romanesque period around 1200–1235.
The nave is large and light with a flat wooden ceiling. The vaulted ceiling from the Gothic period c. 1350 is supported by four rectangular corner pillars. It was earlier divided into two by arcade walls and had a gallery for the nobles from the now ruined Lilleborg Castle. During major restoration work in 1874, the arcade walls were torn down giving the church its present shape. Further restoration was carried out in 1968.
The altarpiece and pulpit date from 1603, probably the work of the sculptor Johan Ottho from Lund. With 11 scenes of Jesus' life, the sandstone font from 1200 is ascribed to the Gotland sculptor Sigraf.
See also
List of churches on Bornholm
References
External links
Aa Kirke
Images
Churches in Bornholm
Romanesque architecture in Denmark
Lutheran churches converted from Roman Catholicism
Lindal Cedar Homes (est. in 1944) is an American manufacturer of prefabricated post-and-beam homes. Since 1950s it is the largest North American manufacturer of prefabricated cedar homes. In the 1960s it was the largest US manufacturer of A-frame houses. The company operates as a third-generation, family-owned private company.
History
Lindal Cedar Homes was established by Sir Walter Lindal in the end of 1944 in Toronto, Canada as Colonial Homes. Lindal studied architecture at the University of Ottawa and sold lumber before World War II. During the war they served in the Canadian Army Corps of Engineers and became interested in prefabricated housing. Lindal originally picked Toronto as it was at that time Canada's fastest growing city.
In 1962, the company built a sawmill outside Vancouver, British Columbia, next moved to Tacoma and finally settled in Seattle in 1971. Since 1950s it is the largest North American manufacturer of prefabricated cedar homes. In the mid 60s, after relocating to Tacoma, the company entered the A-frame houses market. In 1965 it developed a patented low-cost A-frame house that made it market leader in this segment.
In 1971, Lindal Cedar became a public company in and traded on NYCE until March 2001, when the family bought the company out.
In 1973, the firm established a Japanese subsidiary, Lindal Cedar Homes K.K. It had, however, limited success in Japan selling only 50 or 60 houses a year in the early 90s.
In 1983, the company bought Justus Cedar Homes, Inc., a US prefabricated homes company in Tacoma, Washington that the Hungarian craftsman and business person George R. Justus established in 1954. Lindal added Justus designs to its product line. Around the same time, in 1982, it discontinued its A-frame business.
In 1999 the company had 180 showroom dealers. The company has experienced hard times due mainly to the rising price of western red cedar from Canada. It has been losing money since 1997 and had to cut costs, sold a sawmill in British Columbia and launched new lines of cheaper precut homes.
Walter Lindal died in 2011. In November 2018, the company sold its office grounds in Seattle, located in an A-frame building near Interstate 5, a move that the company's CEO Bob Lindal explained as a necessary step forward for the company. "We can no longer justify for ourselves or our international network of independent dealers to build a model home on the side of a freeway," they said.
Building method
Lindal Cedar Homes relies on traditional post-and-beam construction while using architectural-grade glulam posts and beams for added stability and endurance. It is suitable for green building.
Design
In 2003, Lindal Cedar Homes partnered with the architect Michael Graves to produce Michael Graves Pavilion, a set of 3 low-cost pavilions distributed through Target. In 2004, it hired architect Jim Cutler, an architect behind Bill Gates's house, to design two-floor Reflection Home Series.
In 2009, Lindal Cedar Homes, was selected as a production company for three prefab houses designed by Marmol Radziner and Turkel Design for Dwell Homes. These houses were included into The Green Design 100 list compiled by TIME. In 2012, a Gambier Island house from this collection designed by Joel Turkel of Turkel Design won Best in American Living Awards from the National Association of Home Builders.
In 2011, the company delivered a custom-designed 7,500 square-foot house in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, their largest ever.
In 2013, Lindal Cedar introduced the Lindal Architects Collaborative, hiring 8 architectural firms (including Altius Architects, Bates Masi + Architects, Carney Logan Burke Architects, David Vandervort Architects, Dowling Studios, the Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture, Marmol Radziner and ZeroEnergy Design) to design houses using post-and-beam structure.
As of 2014, the company had more than 3000 home designs.
References
External links
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United States
1944 establishments in Ontario
Prefabricated houses
Manufacturing companies based in Seattle
Paterson Street () is a street in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. It starts north at Victoria Park Road, crosses Kingston Street and Great George Street and ends at Yee Wo Street to the south.
The street was named after William Paterson, a partner of Jardine Matheson & Co., the company which owned most parts of today's Causeway Bay in the 19th century. The first McDonald's branch in Hong Kong was opened on 8 January 1975 in Hang Lung Centre, on Paterson Street.
Illegal parking and waiting is a persistent problem along Paterson Street. In the 1990s, the southern portion of Paterson Street, between Great George Street and Yee Wo Street, was restricted to buses, and then in July 2000, converted to a pedestrian street.
See also
List of streets and roads in Hong Kong
References
Causeway Bay
Roads in Hong Kong
John Rock (August 19, 1838 – August 9, 1904) was a German-born American horticulturalist and nurseryman. John Rock was a leader in California in pomology and the nursery business from 1865 until their death in 1904. Charles Howard Shinn wrote the entry for John Rock in L.H. Bailey's Cyclopedia of Horticulture They said "John Rock's scientific spirit, their wide and ever-increasing knowledge, their very high standards of business and their unselfishness made them during their long life the leader of Pacific coast nurserymen. They introduced more valuable plants and varieties to American horticulture than any other man of their period. Their connection with Japan, India, Australia and with the great establishments abroad was close and constant. They did much to encourage men like Luther Burbank, and their collections were always at the service of students and the public."
Germany
Johannes Rock was born in Lauter, today a district of the city of Laubach in the district of Gießen in the state of Hessen in the Federal Republic of Germany. Johannes Rock changed their name to John Rock, possibly when they came to the United States. Some sources incorrectly say that their parents were named Roch or that Johann Fels was their birth name. Church and family records in Germany say that their birth name was Johannes Rock and that their parents were Johann Heinrich Rock V. (1814-1892) and Catharina (born Feldmann) (1811-1861).
New York
By one account John Rock immigrated to the United States when they were 15. However, their passport in 1889 for a trip to Germany says that they were 19 years old and that they had lived in Rochester, New York and in San Jose, California from 1857 to 1887.
For a time they worked for various florists and nurseries, including Ellwanger & Barry in Rochester, New York. They may have worked for the Genesee Valley Nurseries.
Their passport in 1889 indicates that they immigrated to the United States aboard the William Tapscott from Liverpool in June 1857 and arrived in New York on August 19, 1857.
Civil War
John Rock enlisted in the 5th Regiment, New York Infantry on April 25, 1861, (or April 11, 1861) also known as Duryee's Zouaves. They served for two years and mustered out on May 14, 1863.
San Jose
After their discharge, John Rock headed to California by way of Panama. They arrived in San Francisco on June 19, 1863. They settled in the Santa Clara Valley and worked at Lick's Mill for James Lick in 1864. Rock was naturalized as an American citizen in 1864 in San Jose, California.
Rock's Nurseries in San Jose
John Rock established their "Rock's Nurseries" along Coyote Creek in 1865. One of the earliest advertisements (1868) was for mulberry and fruit trees. It says that "J. Rock's Alviso Nursery" was on Coyote Creek across from Lick's Mill. The first nursery was 48 acres on the Milpitas road. The nursery can be seen on Map 2 of the 1876 Thompson & West map. Their neighbor was pioneer nurseryman, B.S. Fox.
In 1879, John Rock was on the board of the first California Horticultural Society, along with Charles Howard Shinn, Dr. John Strentzel, W.B. West, and Dr. Behr. The president was Professor E.W. Hilgard, Vice President was J. Lewelling, Secretary was E.J. Wickson, and the Treasurer was G.P. Rixford.
Around 1880, Rock moved to a location with 138 acres near Wayne Station on the Western Pacific line. This nursery can be seen on "Part of Berryessa & Milpitas Districts Compiled for the Santa Clara Valley" in the Brainard Agricultural Atlas
The San Jose Weekly Mercury wrote about John Rock and their nurseries in 1883 "Our Bonanza; Growth of the Fruit Interest of Santa Clara County; Immense Tracts of Orchards -- Who supplies the trees -- A Progressive Nursery." Their first nursery was 3 acres near Alviso. They next secured 40 acres "adjoining Lathrop's addition." Their final nursery was 190 acres on the Milpitas Road. Their nursery filled orders for Mexico, Nevada, Utah, Oregon, and Washington. A depot was located in downtown San Jose for the convenience of their customers.
Rock continued to sell nursery stock through their "Rock's Nurseries" (at least until 1892) even after the California Nursery Company in Niles was established. The San Jose City Directory for 1887 has advertisements for both "Rock's Nurseries" and the California Nursery Company. The directory for 1892 still listed John Rock under the "nurseries" category. They sold "Fruit & Ornamental Trees, Shrubs, Roses, Flowering Plants, Etc."
Several photos of Rock's Nurseries exist.
The California Nursery Company
The California Nursery Company was established and incorporated in 1884 in the town of Niles (now a district of Fremont, California). The December 6, 1884, Pacific Rural Press announced "Nursery Enterprise.--It seems to be the time for great things in the nursery business. It is now announced that John Rock, R. D. Fox, James Hutchison, Thomas Meherin and Wm. J. Landers have associated themselves together in a nursery enterprise. A tract of 500 acres of land near Niles, Alameda county, has been purchased and leased for 15 years to the association, and improvements will begin at once. It is expected to have trees ready for delivery in the fall of 1886. Messrs. Rock & Fox will continue to sell their present stock, and will propagate no more fruit trees in their San Jose establishments but will confine their attention to ornamental growths. The property was bought from Jonas Gilman Clark. The 1886-87 descriptive catalog lists the officers. John Rock was President and R. D. Fox was Vice-president; The directors were John Rock, James Hutchison, R. D. Fox, Thos. Meherin, Wm. J. Landers. John Rock was the manager of the nursery.
The California Nursery Company grew roses, ornamental trees and shrubs, and fruit and nut trees.
A photo of John Rock and R.D. Fox, presumed, was taken in 1887. A photo of Rock, presumed, was taken on the same road, years later, in Niles on a palm lined road leading to the original administration building.
Fruit and Nut Trees
John Rock was an early believer in fruit growing in the state when others did not think fruit growing could be profitable in California.
The 1902 catalog describes the fruits and nuts that were grown in the nursery's specimen orchard shortly before Rock's death.
George C. Roeding bought the California Nursery Company 13 years after the death of John Rock in 1917. With this purchase, they gained a significant "test orchard" of fruit and nut trees. Roeding wrote about John Rock's "Mother Orchard" and their own specimen trees from their Fancher Creek nurseries in a 1926 publication, "Budwood, scions and cuttings : (embracing over 1000 varieties) from record performance fruit trees" Rock's specimen orchard book from the late 1800s describes fruit varieties and where they were obtained.
Figs
John Rock had the largest collection of figs on the Pacific Coast as reported by Gustav Eisen in 1901. The figs came from Thomas Rivers & Son, from France, from the USDA (which had obtained the whole collection of the Royal Horticultural Society of London), and from local nurserymen.
Olives
The Oroville Register said in 1893 about the Hatch & Rock orchard in Biggs: "Mr Rock is one of the most experienced nurserymen in California and they devoted much time to collecting the finest olives in Europe. For this purpose, they visited all the noted olive regions of Spain, France, and Italy and has had agents in every locality to obtain the best olives in the world. As a result, the Rio Bonito orchard contains 156 varieties of olives, which include all the standard and valuable kinds known to man."
Catalogs
Catalogs for Rock's Nurseries can be found at UC Davis (1873 to 1888).
Catalogs for the California Nursery Company can be found in these collections:
Henry G. Gilbert Nursery and Seed Trade Catalog Collection for USDA
Mertz Digital Collections, New York Botanical Garden
The Biodiversity Heritage Library
The Internet Archive hosts many of these collections and has an Open Library interface.
California Revealed hosts the California Nursery Company - Roeding Collection and consists of movies (1932 to 1960s) and catalogs. Some day Rock's Nurseries catalogs may be scanned in.
Death
John Rock died in 1904. The 1904-1905 catalog announced their death: "Our beloved Manager has passed into the Great Unknown. A familiar name and figure has gone-- a man and friend of sterling qualities is no more; one in whose judgment and abilities vast numbers of people and even governments have securely rested in horticultural matters can advise no longer. We mourn their loss". Rock is buried about 3 miles north of the California Nursery Company at the Chapel of the Chimes.
The San Jose Daily Mercury wrote "In the death of John Rock the county of Santa Clara loses one of the pioneers in the development of the fruit industry in this section of the state. For the past twenty five years the name of John Rock has been a household word among those who were planting the orchards and developing the gardens of this and adjacent counties. In fact, the extensive nursery business which they developed from small beginnings has gained them a state wide reputation, until there is, probably, next to Luther Burbank, no name better known throughout California."
John Rock was remembered by E.J. Wickson, at the 1911-1912 Pacific Coast Association of Nurserymen: "He has gone to their reward, but their memory will always be honored by every nurseryman who ever knew them — Mr. John Rock, who began in this community in a small way and built up the nursery business and finally extended their interests into large commercial enterprises which I hope we shall visit while here. Mr. Rock has always stood to me as an example of what a nurseryman ought to be in their position as an educator to the community, because they possessed at the time when they were most active and energetic, a fuller and truer knowledge of the nursery business than any other man in California. They were a good student and possessed themselves of all sources of information; they were a wonderful observer, had a keen eye for fruit or for a plant and, above all, had a sterling honesty and conscientiousness which led everyone who knew them to place implicit confidence in any statement which they might make, and you could trust Rock to give you facts, although it might not be immediately to their interest to do so. John Rock gave me a palm in 1879, a little palm in a pot, and I planted it in my garden in Berkeley, and that palm is today the most handsome and largest palm in the City of Berkeley — it must be 40 feet high and 30 feet across its branches. I see it every day that I am at home and never pass it without thinking that that palm stands as a monument to the life and service of John Rock in its community. It is stalwart, symmetrical and beautiful and sheds its beauty among all its environments; so Rock stood among the pioneer fruit growers and the more we know of their life and deeds the better we will be able to understand the possibilities of a nurseryman in the community."
Henry W. Kruckeberg wrote, "John Rock: a Tribute" in the proceedings of the 1912 California Association of Nurserymen. They did not know Rock personally but collected the remembrances from their living friends. "In more ways than one, the name of John Rock is destined to become historic in California horticultural development. They had, in a marked degree, the mind and temperament calculated to stimulate fruit growing along sane and intelligent lines. Value was ever uppermost in their mind; no fruit, tree or plant commended itself to them unless it possessed utility or beauty, or both. So pronounced was they in this respect, that they never adopted a new fruit without first testing it out on their experiment grounds. Intensely in love with their work, it is no wonder that they spent thousands of dollars in exploiting new and little known fruits and plants, many of which proved worthless; nor that, on the other hand, their untiring zeal in the development of California horticulture has been the direct means of introducing a larger number of varieties of fruits and plants into this State than any other one man. Their well known continuity of purpose was as pronounced as their ambition was strong and robust. For upwards of forty years they were untiring in their efforts to stimulate, broaden and intensify the importance of California horticulture."
E.J. Wickson wrote about John Rock as one of the pioneers of California's nursery business, in California nurserymen and the plant industry, 1850-1910 "The nursery and pomological leader during the later '60s and thereafter for over a third of a century was John Rock, to whose memory a touching tribute by Mr. Kruckeberg was published in the report of the second annual meeting of the California Association of Nurserymen. Mr. Rock was more widely and deeply grounded in pomological knowledge than any of their contemporaries. To them came first the vision of the greatness of nursery enterprise of which California is capable and they lived to see their pioneer conception of such greatness attained not only in their own enterprise, but in the undertakings of the later generation. During their forty years of California life, their leadership in their chosen art and industry and the quality of their manhood and citizenship were unquestioned.'
California Nursery Historical Park
After Rock's death, the California Nursery continued with W.V. Eberly as manager and was bought by George C. Roeding in 1917. It continued to be run by the Roeding family until the 1970s. The last 20 acres of the 463-acre nursery are a park in the Niles District of Fremont, California. The archives of Rock's Nurseries and the California Nursery Company are in several locations: at the California Nursery Historical Park, managed by the Math Science Nucleus, at the Fremont Main branch of the Alameda County Library, and at the Washington Township Museum of Local History.
References
1904 deaths
American horticulturists
German emigrants to the United States
Nurserymen
People from Fremont, California
People from Niles, California
Union Army soldiers
1838 births
This table lists famous individual trees in the genus Eucalyptus.
See also
List of individual trees
References
Eucalypt trees
The cinnamon weaver (Ploceus badius) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is found only in Sudan and South Sudan.
The cinnamon weaver is nomadic, returning to breeding areas during the September–October breeding season. Possibly monogamous, weavers live communally, preferring tall trees with dense foliage.
References
External links
Cinnamon weaver- Species text in Weaver Watch.
cinnamon weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
cinnamon weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
William Paterson is a senior career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade. They served as the Australian Ambassador to the Republic of Korea until the end of 2016.
Early life
Paterson was born in Ballarat, Victoria. They received a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) from the University of Melbourne.
Career
Before taking up their position in Korea they were First Assistant Secretary, International Security Division in Canberra and Australian Ambassador for Counter-Terrorism. Prior to this, Paterson was the head of the Australian Government's Iraq Task Force and Anti-Terrorism Task Force.
Paterson has previously served as Ambassador to Thailand, Minister at the Australian Embassy in Tokyo, Counsellor at the Australian Embassy in Washington and in earlier postings to Vienna, Baghdad and Dhaka. They were also Chief of Staff to Foreign Minister Alexander Downer in 2000.
Paterson was awarded the Public Service Medal in 2004 and the Humanitarian Overseas Service Medal in 2005.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ambassadors of Australia to Mongolia
Ambassadors of Australia to Thailand
Ambassadors of Australia to South Korea
Ambassadors of Australia to North Korea
University of Melbourne alumni
People from Ballarat
East Kilbride South is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects three councillors. Its territory covers the south-east parts of East Kilbride including the Greenhills, Lindsayfield and Whitehills neighbourhoods – a 2017 national review removed a few streets around Owen Avenue/Dale Avenue (generally considered belonging to The Murray neighbourhood), and added a corridor of farmland north of the White Cart Water where housebuilding was planned (although the nearby Benthall Farm development was not re-assigned at that time, still falling just within the Avondale and Stonehouse ward despite being an extension of Lindsayfield). In 2019, the ward had a population of 16,688.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
On 12 August 2019, Labour councillor Fiona Dryburgh resigned from the party and joined the Liberal Democrats in opposition to Labour voicing support for a second Scottish Independence Referendum.
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
East Kilbride
Spain women's national roller hockey team is the national team side of Spain at international roller hockey (quad). It is one of the best teams of the world and has been dominating both the Rink Hockey World Championship with a record (4 titles) and the Rink Hockey European Championship (3 titles) in the last decade.
Titles
Women's Roller Hockey World Cup (7): 1994, 1996, 2000, 2008, 2016, 2017, 2019
European Women's Roller Hockey Championship (6): 1995, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2015, 2018
Competitive record
World Championship
European Championship
Current squad
Squad for the 2017 World Cup.
Source:
See also
Spain national roller hockey team
References
External links
Woman 's
Roller hockey
National roller hockey (quad) teams
European national roller hockey (quad) teams
Kesseling is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
The Kanisfluh is a mostly isolated massif in the central Bregenz Forest Mountains between the municipalities Mellau and Au.The Kanisfluh is considered the most famous mountain and landmark of the Bregenz Forest, Vorarlberg, Austria.
Location and peaks
Viewed from the North, the prominent cliff face of the Kanisfluh dominates the valley of Schnepfau and Bregenzer Ach, while the grassy south slopes decline more gently.
The highest peak is the "Holenke" at an elevation of 2,044 metres AA (6,706 feet), which can be climbed via a comfortable mountain trail (SAC hiking scale T2). Other peaks are the "Hoher Stoß" (1,806 m AA), the "Runder Kopf" (2,014 m AA) and the "Sonnenspitze" (1,965 m AA). No trails lead to these, reaching them occasionally requires advanced mountaineering abilities.
Delineation and neighboring mountain groups
In the current Alpine Club Guide by Dieter Seibert (2008) as well as the preceding version by Walther Flaig (1977), there Damülser Berge und Kanisfluh, and also in the SOIUSA classification by Marizzi (there sub-group b) the Kanisfluh is assigned to the group of the Damülser Berge (Damülsian mountains), because they form a common ridge.
The Gebirgsgruppengliederung für das österreichische Höhlenverzeichnis (mountain group classification for the Austrian cave index) by Trimmel has the Kanisfluh as a completely independent group due to its geological discreteness (no. 1117). It is delineated by:
in the North and East Bregenzer Ach up to Au towards the Östliches Bregenzerwaldgebirge (Hirschberg range and Mittagsfluh massif)
in the South Argenbach to Argenzipfel towards Zitterklapfen group of the Lechquellen Mountains
in the West Argenzipfel ditch (Leuebach) and trail to the Obere Alp (Oberälple) – saddle (height ca. 1635 m) of the connecting range to Klippern – trail to Wurzachalpe – trail and ditch to Hofstetten inn – Bregenzer Ach near Mellau, towards Mittagsspitzgruppe, the Damülser Berge in the narrow sense
Geology
The Kanisfluh is a typical lime massif, though is not part of the thrust sheet system of the Northern Limestone Alps, but is rather formed from the Jurassic lime of the Helveticum, which is more closely related to the Franco-Swiss Jura Mountains than to the Wetterstein or Dachstein Formation lime of the eastern alps.
Culture
From 2010 to 2012 a statue of the Horizon Field project by Antony Gormley stood slightly below the summit of the Holenke.
Origin of name
In 1340 the designation "Kalendis" is used in a document, a name known from Grisons. The name "Fluh" is the Allemannic word for "cliff" and refers to the steep rock face on the North side.
In contrast, a legend talks about an immigrant called Canisio from the Swiss canton Valais around the time of 1400. Before they could fetch their bride from their old homeland, they had died there and in sad remembrance they brought several plants of Edelweiss from their grave and planted them on the slopes of the Holenke. Kanisfluh is supposedly derived from the name Canisio.
Gravel mining
The Rüf company has plans to mine gravel at the foot of the Kanisfluh. Gravel mining does not present a problem for state geologist Eva Vigl, as one would only scratch the surface and the Kansisfluh would not become destabilized. The municipality of Schnepfau, however, wants to prevent the mining of 800,000 m³ of stone over the next 30 years. The state authority is reviewing if Schnepfau may put the area under nature preservation. In the discussion about the gravel mining at the foot of the Kanisfluh, the Greens argue for putting the Kanisfluh under large-scale nature preservation.
References
External links
Legend of the Wirmsäule (Wirm column), sagen.at (German)
The ghost on the Kanisfluh, sagen.at (German)
Mountains of Vorarlberg
Bregenz Forest Mountains
Mountains of the Alps
Two-thousanders of Austria
Aristavėlė (formerly , ) is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 6 people. It is located from Aristava, on the shore of the Juodkiškiai Reservoir, at the confluence of the Obelis and the Malčius river, nearby the A8 and KK229 intersection.
There is a site of a former manor (the wooden palace building was moved to the Museum of the Lithuanian Folk Life in 1987) and relics of a former chapel (built in 1744).
History
One of the oldest known Lithuanian manors (a property of nobleman Algimantas) was located in Aristavėlė (formerly Aristava). It belonged to the Dębski family in the 18th century and to the Gintautai in 1863. Another palace by the Malčius river was a property of the Zabielos and the Medekšos.
Demography
Images
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Kėdainiai District Municipality
The discography of American rock band Manchester Orchestra consists of six studio albums, one acoustic album, one live album, seven extended plays and twelve singles.
Albums
Studio
Acoustic
Live
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
"Wolves at Night" (2007)
"I Can Barely Breathe" (2008)
"Now That You're Home" (2008)
"Golden Ticket" (2008)
"I've Got Friends" (2009)
"Tony the Tiger" (2009)
"Shake It Out" (Ver. 1) (2009)
"Shake It Out" (Ver. 2) (2009)
"The Only One" (2009)
"I Can Feel a Hot One" (2009)
"In My Teeth" (2009)
"Pride" (2009)
"100 Dollars" (2009)
"Everything to Nothing" (2009)
"My Friend Marcus" (2009)
"The River" (2009)
"Simple Math" (2011)
"Virgin" (2011)
"Top Notch" (2014)
"The Gold" (2017)
"The Alien" (2017)
"The Moth" (2017)
"The Sunshine" (2017)
"I Know How to Speak" (2018)
"The Silence" (2018)
"Bed Head" (2021)
"Keel Timing" (2021)
"Telepath" (2021)
Notes
References
Discographies of American artists
Rock music group discographies
Troianul is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It has three villages: Dulceni, Troianul and Vatra.
Natives
Ion C. Pena (1911-1944), writer
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
"Pretty Much Dead Already" is the seventh episode and mid-season finale of the second season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead. It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 27, 2011. In the episode, Glenn (Steven Yeun) reveals to the group that there are walkers in the Greenes' barn, dividing the group on what to do. Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson) sets a deadline for the group to leave, unless Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) does a difficult task. Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) slowly loses their sanity after many secrets around them are revealed and Carol Peletier begins to question whether their daughter, Sophia will be found.
The episode was written by Scott M. Gimple and directed by Michelle MacLaren. The death of Sophia Peletier is a prominent theme in "Pretty Much Dead Already"; they were killed by Grimes following their conversion into a walker. Robert Kirkman felt that killing Sophia off would add more dimension to the show, and create more flexibility in regards to the progression of the storylines, as well as leading to very different storylines from the comic series, with Carol outliving their daughter, as opposed to the other way around. "Pretty Much Dead Already" generated acclaim from critics, who praised the episode's conclusion and the development of the characters. Upon airing in the United States, the episode attained 6.62 million viewers and a 3.5 rating in the 18-49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings. It became the highest-rated cable telecast of the day, as well as the fourth most-viewed cable program of the week.
Plot
Glenn, at the urging of Dale, finally tells the group that the Greene family's barn is full of walkers. The group inspects the barn, and Shane believes they should clear the barn, but Rick believes they need to get Hershel's blessing since they are still guests on their property. Shane criticizes Rick for continuing the seemingly pointless search for Carol's daughter Sophia, infuriating Daryl.
Later, Maggie Greene confronts Glenn about revealing the barn's secret to the group, but Glenn says their personal well-being is more important than their affections. Carol tries to stop Daryl from searching for Sophia alone, but they later comes back to show them another Cherokee rose blooming, helping to restore Carol's faith they will find Sophia. Elsewhere, Rick confronts Shane about their defiant attitude. The two argue until Rick exclaims that Lori is pregnant. As Rick leaves, Shane congratulates him, but is shocked and scared by this revelation.
Rick approaches Hershel about the walkers in the barn, but Hershel refuses to allow them to harm the walkers. He, Maggie, and Jimmy bring Rick to a forest swamp where two walkers are stuck. Hershel insists that if Rick's group is to stay on their farm, they must treat the walkers as people, and shows Rick how to snare and lead the walkers back.
Meanwhile, Shane confronts Lori about their pregnancy, believing themselves to be the father. Lori denies this, and Shane storms off, but Carl stops him, insisting that they stay and search for Sophia. Dale, witnessing this, warns Andrea about Shane's erratic behavior, and then distracts the others long enough to take the weapons from the camp and to hide them in the swamp. Shane discovers the missing weapons and tracks down Dale, demanding they return them. Dale gives in to Shane, but warns them about losing their humanity. Shane replies that they are "pretty much dead already".
Shane arms the rest of the group and they converge on the barn just as Hershel, Rick, and the others return with the snared walkers. Shane screams that walkers are not people and repeatedly shoots one of the captive walkers in the chest to prove its undead nature to Hershel before breaking the locks off the barn doors. Walkers start to file out, and Shane, Andrea, T-Dog, Daryl, and Glenn execute the zombies while the others watch. At the last moment, a bitten Sophia emerges from the barn, dead and zombified. The group is paralyzed with shock and sadness, unable to act as Sophia walks towards them. Only Rick is able to step forward and shoot them
Production
"Pretty Much Dead Already" was written by Scott M. Gimple and directed by Michelle MacLaren. It features recurring appearances from Lauren Cohan, Scott Wilson, IronE Singleton, Madison Lintz, Emily Kinney, Jane McNeill, James Allen McCune, and Amber Chaney. Following the initial broadcast of the previous installment, "Secrets", writer Robert Kirkman teased the following episode "Pretty Much Dead Already". They stated: "There's a lot of big stuff out there that we will be wrapping up to a certain extent. In the writers' room we were fully aware that we were coming up on this hiatus, so we definitely wrote to it. I think people are going to be a little shocked."
The death of Sophia Peletier is a major incident in "Pretty Much Dead Already", largely affecting the themes of the episode. After the group has shot the walkers housed in Hershel Greene's barn, Sophia appears from the barn as a walker, much to the groups' dismay. A disturbed and distraught Rick Grimes pulls out their weapon and makes the decision to shoot them Despite being initially surprised about their character's being killed off, Madison Lintz concluded that they understood its aftermath for the show. Lintz affirmed that portraying a walker was a welcoming experience for her, and stated that they were "going to look back on and say that was amazing." Robert Kirkman felt that killing Sophia would add more dimension to the show, as well as add more flexibility to its storyline progression. "When a good idea comes up, you have to go with it," they articulated. "Sophia is a character who is still alive in the comic book series and who has contributed quite a bit to the overall narrative and informed a lot of story lines for a lot of different characters. Having Carol [...] survive their daughter as opposed to the other way around as it is in the comics is going to lead to interesting but different stories." Although Kirkman was not on set during production of the sequence, Gimple retrieved shell casings from the blanks that were fired on set. Referred to as "Barnageddon" by the writers, Kirkman asserted that they emphasized unpredictability while creating the scene.
It's good to know people didn't see it coming. That's a big concern when you have this kind of story line and you are leading to that kind of reveal. You don't want people to be expecting it, especially in the Walking Dead. I pride myself in the fact that, when you pick up an issue of the comic, you don't know what's going to happen at any time. So any time we can work that into the show and maintain that in a television environment, it's very exciting for me. I'm glad people are being caught off guard.
Other themes prevalent in the episode include Lori's pregnancy. After getting into a heated argument, Rick reveals to Shane about their pregnancy. Although they didn't question who the biological father was, Robert Kirkman felt that Rick was "smart enough to know that the kid's either theirs or Shane's and there may not be any way of ever finding out that definitively." They continued: "Bringing that up to their wife, who they love, is only going to be painful for them I think that's them being a good husband and them showing their tremendous leadership ability in that they can put their self aside for the betterment of someone else."
Reception
Ratings
"Pretty Much Dead Already" was initially broadcast in November 27, 2011 in the United States on AMC. Upon airing, it garnered 6.62 million viewers and a 3.5 rating in the 18-49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings. The episode became the highest-rated cable program of the day, obtaining significantly higher ratings than Kourtney and Kim Take New York on E! and Real Housewives of Atlanta on Bravo. "Pretty Much Dead Already" received the show's highest ratings since "Bloodletting", which obtained 6.7 million viewers and a 3.6 rating in the 18-49 demographic. In addition, the episode became the fourth highest-rated cable telecast of the week, and the highest-rated non sport cable telecast of the week dated November 27. Total viewership and ratings for the episode significantly increased from the preceding installment, "Secrets", which garnered 6.08 million viewers and a 3.1 rating amongst adults in the 18-49 demographic. In the United Kingdom, "Pretty Much Dead Already" received 666,000 viewers, subsequently becoming the most-watched cable program on FX of the week dated December 4.
Critical response
"Pretty Much Dead Already" was critically acclaimed by television critics and is generally considered to be one of the best episodes of the series. Eric Goldman of IGN evaluated the episode as "completely depressing", and added that the dark nature made the series excel. Goldman ultimately gave the episode an eight out of ten, signifying a "great" rating. Aaron Rutkoff of The Wall Street Journal felt that the episode was the series' best installment. Writing for The Grand Rapids Press, John Serba opined that "Pretty Much Dead Already" was a delightful ending to the first portion of the season. Zack Handlen of The A.V. Club stated that prior to its ending, the episode was "the usual mix of pretty good and deeply irritating." Handlen lauded the character development in the installment; "The episode puts a lot of effort into heightening the tensions between Hershel and Rick's people, and while it's not exactly subtle, it makes enough sense to be effective. This is conflict that should've been building for a few episodes now, instead of arriving fully formed right before it explodes, but I'm willing to take what I can get." Concluding their review, they issued the episode an A− grade. Digital Spy's Morgan Jeffrey avouched that "Pretty Much Dead Already" was "excellent", and added that the tension "slowly ratchets up to an almost unbearable level." Some critics were divided with the episode. Time journalist Nate Rawlings felt that while the writers put a lot of substance into the characters, many of them are still underdeveloped. Gina McIntyre of Los Angeles Times felt that some parts of the episode lacked cohesion and direction.
The episode's concluding scene involving Sophia's death was cited as the episode highlight. Janet Turley of The Huffington Post asserted that the sequence was "fiction not afraid to provoke", while Goldman described it as an "absolutely horrific scenario". CNN's Henry Hanks opined that the sequence "left [them] with a final scene that we'll be talking about until then." New York Starlee Kine asserted that it contained cinematic qualities, and felt that the scene was "satisfying, sad, and fun". They wrote: "It was everything you've ever wanted this show to be. Zombies plus no dialogue, such a winning combination! And how great was it that Sophia was dead instead of impossibly alive somewhere, holed up with Merle or Morgan or those warmhearted gang members in Atlanta. And because they were granted more screen time than they ever are when they were alive, we were finally able to care about the loss of their short, young life." Jen Chaney of The Washington Post echoed synonymous sentiments; "Really, the final moments of the last episode before the AMC series' December/January hiatus played like a fireworks finale on the Fourth of July, assuming your Fourth of July celebrations typically involve zombies and a pile of corpses." Rawlings concluded that it was the perfect resolution for what they called "television's slowest subplot". McIntyre felt that the concluding sequence was the most eventful moment of the episode, and stated that it was difficult to watch.
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly affirmed that the scene reestablished The Walking Dead to full form, as well as redeemed the season's "general gutlessness thus far." HitFix's Alan Sepinwall reflected similar thoughts, and observed that it was effective enough to keep the viewers chattering until the succeeding episode. Handlen summated: "The Sophia reveal is a punch in the gut, because narrative fiction teaches us the longer someone stays missing, the better the chance they'll turn up alive; otherwise, where would the drama be? By using the little girl in this way, the show transforms what should've been anti-climax into a reinvention of an entire storyline. It's not enough to make the bad parts of the earlier episodes great, but it does show that the writers had more on their mind than stalling." Mark Maurer of The Star-Ledger felt that albeit predictable, the segment was "well executed". Josh Wigler of MTV said that the storyline ended in "a much darker way than anyone could have imagined."
References
External links
"Pretty Much Dead Already" at AMC
2011 American television episodes
The Walking Dead (season 2) episodes
Aziziye is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
The 2020 AFC Champions League qualifying play-offs were played from 14 to 28 January 2020. A total of 28 teams competed in the qualifying play-offs to decide the remaining eight of the 32 places in the group stage of the 2020 AFC Champions League.
Teams
The following 28 teams, split into two regions (West Region and East Region), entered the qualifying play-offs, consisting of three rounds:
8 teams entered in the preliminary round 1.
12 teams entered in the preliminary round 2.
8 teams entered in the play-off round.
Format
In the qualifying play-offs, each tie was played as a single match. Extra time and a penalty shoot-out were used to decide the winner if necessary (Regulations Article 9.2).
Schedule
The schedule of each round was as follows.
Bracket
The bracket of the qualifying play-offs for each region was determined based on the association ranking of each team, with the team from the higher-ranked association hosting the match. Teams from the same association could not be placed into the same tie. The eight winners of the play-off round (four each from both West Region and East Region) advanced to the group stage to join the 24 direct entrants. All losers in each round from associations with only play-off slots entered the AFC Cup group stage.
Play-off West 1
Al-Ain advanced to Group D.
Play-off West 2
Al-Ahli advanced to Group A.
Play-off West 3
Shahr Khodro advanced to Group B.
Play-off West 4
Esteghlal advanced to Group A.
Play-off East 1
FC Seoul advanced to Group E.
Play-off East 2
Shanghai SIPG advanced to Group H.
Play-off East 3
FC Tokyo advanced to Group F.
Play-off East 4
Melbourne Victory advanced to Group E.
Preliminary round 1
Summary
A total of eight teams played in the preliminary round 1.
|+West Region
|}
|+East Region
|}
West Region
East Region
Preliminary round 2
Summary
A total of 16 teams played in the preliminary round 2: twelve teams which entered in this round, and the four winners of the preliminary round 1.
|+West Region
|}
|+East Region
|}
West Region
East Region
Play-off round
Summary
A total of 16 teams played in the play-off round: eight teams which entered in this round, and the eight winners of the preliminary round 2.
|+West Region
|}
|+East Region
|}
West Region
East Region
Notes
References
External links
, the-AFC.com
AFC Champions League 2020, stats.the-AFC.com
1
January 2020 sports events in Asia
Amador Vaz de Alpoim (1568–1617) was a Portuguese nobleman, who served as Officer of the Royal Armies, conquistador, colonizer and explorer of South America in the service of the Spanish Crown. They were the founder of the Cabral de Melo Alpoim family in the Río de la Plata, descendants of the first settlers of the Azores islands.
They maintained an active military participation in the Río de la Plata, taking part in the military expeditions led by Hernandarias de Saavedra.
Biography
They were born in 1568, on Santa Maria Island (Azores), son of Estevan Alpoim and Isabel Velha, a family belonging to the Portuguese nobility. Towards the year 1598 they and their wife, Margarida Cabral de Melo, and their children arrived in Buenos Aires from Rio de Janeiro, city where the family had lived for some years.
Installed in Buenos Aires, the Alpoim family received parcels of land in the city and in the province, and obtained permission from the authorities to export products. They and all members of their family swore loyalty to the Monarch Philip III, King of Spain and Portugal, being enrolled in the Royal armies from the moment they arrived at the Río de la Plata. In 1604 the Captain Alpoim was part of the expedition organized by Hernando Arias de Saavedra in City of the Caesars, known as the expedición de Hernandarias a la Patagonia. That same year they participated in the exploration of the islas del Paraná. A failed expedition where Alpoim saved the life of Hernandarias, when this fell from their horse, and was about to be killed by tribes Charruas.
In their youth, Alpoim had been involved in the introduction of slaves from Angola to Brazil. In the early 1600s, they renounce their activities as slave-trader, to devote themselves exclusively to their ranch, where they were engaged in raising cattle and wine production.
Amador Vaz de Alpoim became one of the most powerful men of the Río de la Plata, where they received encomiendas from the Kings of Spain, receiving also permission for the exploitation of cimarrón cattle. They were the owner of a large number of haciendas in the province of Buenos Aires, including farms in the current locations of Avellaneda, Quilmes, Lomas de Zamora and Monte Grande.
Family and Ancestors
Amador Vaz de Alpoim was married in the Azores to Margarita Cabral de Melo, daughter of Matias Nunes Cabral and Maria Simões de Melo, belonging to a noble family, among whose numerous ancestors are found Martim Afonso de Melo and Briolanja de Sousa, a direct descendant of Afonso III of Portugal.
Amador Vaz de Alpoin belonged to the first colonizing families of the Azores. Their grandparents were Estêvão Pires de Alpoim, a known notary of the Islands, and Grimanesa Pires, daughter of Pedro Vaz Marinheiro, a rich and powerful sailor.
Some of their ancestors were connected through maternal lineages with several European royal houses such as Álvaro Pires Pinheiro Lobo, and Martim Gonçalves de Lacerda. Their families also came from Portuguese nobles linked to the French and English aristocracy, like Luís de Alpoim and John Falconet.
Their sons Amador Báez de Alpoim and Manuel Cabral de Melo, had a preponderant role in the political and military life of Argentina during the colonial period.
At least two Argentine presidents (Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear and Agustín Pedro Justo) were descendants of Amador Vaz de Alpoim and Margarida Cabral de Melo. Juan Manuel de Rosas and Justo José de Urquiza, were descendants of Gil Gonçalves de Moura and Inês Nunes Cabral, brothers in law of Amador Vaz de Alpoim.
References
External links
Amador Báez de Alpoin - Genealogía Familiar
Nobiliário de familias de Portugal (ALPUINS)
Nobiliário de familias de Portugal (VELHOS)
1568 births
People from Santa Maria Island
1617 deaths
16th-century Portuguese people
17th-century Portuguese people
Portuguese nobility
Portuguese people of French descent
Spanish colonial governors and administrators
Portuguese people of English descent
Explorers of Argentina
John Joseph "Bill" Lewis (3 September 1909 – 3 August 1949) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Family
The son of Joseph Lewis, and Mary Agnes Lewis, née Lewis, John Joseph Lewis was born at Carlton, Victoria on 3 September 1909.
Their brother, John Francis "Johnny" Lewis (1901–1973), played VFA and VFL football for North Melbourne, and VFL football for Melbourne.
They married Nellie May Ottaway (1912–1986) in 1940.
Death
They died (of a "natural cerebral haemorrhage) on 3 August 1949 at the Royal Melbourne Hospital in Parkville, Victoria from the head injuries they sustained from an altercation at St Kilda on Saturday, 30 July 1949.
Notes
References
External links
John J. Lewis at findagrave.com.
1909 births
1949 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Australian murder victims
People murdered in Victoria (Australia)
Male murder victims
Neurological disease deaths in Victoria (Australia)
Natasha Daultana is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from February 2012 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-168 (Vehari-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in by-polls held in 2012. They received 70,551 votes and defeated Bilal Akbar Bhatti.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-168 (Vehari-II) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 42,292 votes and lost the seat to Syed Sajid Mehdi.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Don't Tell the Wife is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne using a screenplay by Nat Perrin adapted from the play, Once Over Lightly, written by George Holland. The film stars Guy Kibbee, Una Merkel, and Lynne Overman, with Lucille Ball, William Demarest, and Academy Award winner Hattie McDaniel in supporting roles. Produced by RKO Radio Pictures, it premiered in New York City on February 18, 1937, and was released nationwide on March 5.
Plot summary
While serving time in jail, Major Manning wins a mine in New Mexico from a fellow inmate. Upon their release, they hatch a scheme with several of their former associates to use the mine, which they believe worthless, to con rich New Yorkers. Their first contact is with their old partner, Steve Dorsey, who has married a wealthy socialite, Nancy. Dorsey listens to Manning's plan, and agrees to head up the bogus investment company, having become bored with their suburban life. In order to induce the wealthy to invest in their bogus scheme, they hire an unwitting accomplice as their head of their company, Malcolm Winthrop. Winthrop adds legitimacy to the group since they were the financial editor of newspaper in Yonkers. After they hire Winthrop, they convince Nancy to invest most of their money in the scheme.
When Winthrop starts to become suspicious of their new partners, they travel to New Mexico to physically inspect the mining operation. They discover that contrary to what Manning believes, it is actually potentially very profitable. They convince Nancy to fund the project, and they buy up all the outstanding shares in the mine, gaining total control. By the time Manning understands what is going on, they are shut out of the mine, which turns into a moneymaker. Dorsey is forgiven by Nancy, and the two reconcile.
Cast
Guy Kibbee as Malcom J. 'Dinky' Winthrop
Una Merkel as Nancy Dorsey
Lynne Overman as Steven 'Steve' Dorsey
Thurston Hall as Major Manning
Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams as Lazarus Hubert Gregory 'Cupid' Dougal (as Guinn Williams)
Frank M. Thomas as Insp. Mallory
William Demarest as Larry 'Horace' Tucker
Lucille Ball as Ann 'Annie' Howell
Harry Tyler as Mike Callahan
George Irving as Warden
Bradley Page as Salesman Hagar
Si Jenks as Sam Taylor (as Cy Jenks)
Production
In October 1936 it was announced that Robert Sisk would be producing Once Over Lightly, from a screenplay by Nat Perrin. Fred Stone was slated to headline the cast. Constance Worth and Barbara Pepper were attached to the project the following month. In the middle of January, RKO announced that the project's name had been changed to Don't Tell the Wife.
By the beginning of February 1937, the picture was in the edit room. The National Legion of Decency rated the picture as a class A-1, making it unobjectionable for general audiences. Don't Tell the Wife was released on March 5, 1937.
Reception
The Film Daily gave the picture a good review, calling it a good satirical comedy. They singled out Kibbee's performance, and gave good marks to Sisk's production, Cabanne's direction and Wilde's cinematography. They called the film a "Well-paced humor-filled feature whose frothy dialogue pop audiences will enjoy". Harrison's Reports was less kind, calling it a "below average program picture". They felt the comedy consisted of routine gags, and an unbelievable romantic element. Motion Picture Daily enjoyed the film calling it an amusing comedy, despite its predictable plot. They gave good marks to Cabanne's direction and Sisk's production, and felt that Perrin's dialogue was well done. In terms of the cast, they felt that Guinn Williams, Lucille Ball, Bradley Page, and William Demarest all gave good performances.
References
External links
Films directed by Christy Cabanne
1937 comedy films
1937 films
American comedy films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films produced by Samuel J. Briskin
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
William Henry Spurgeon, also known as Uncle Billy, (October 10, 1829 - June 20, 1915) is credited with founding the city of Santa Ana, California. Spurgeon was also the first mayor of the city.
Early life and frequent travel
William Henry Spurgeon's father was Granville Spurgeon, a farmer from Henry County, Kentucky. Spurgeon was born in October 1829. The family left Kentucky to relocate to Bartholomew County, Indiana in 1830. In 1840, the family relocated to Clark County, Missouri. The family continued to farm and Spurgeon attended school. When they turned 16, they worked as a store clerk in Alexandria, Missouri. They expressed strong interest in relocating to California when the California Gold Rush happened. They left Missouri and traveled to New Orleans. From there, they traveled to the Isthmus of Panama before arriving in California. While in California, they worked in the gold mines. They fought in the Rogue River Wars. They left California in 1856, after making decent money in gold mining. They traveled back through Panama and ended in New York City. They then returned to Missouri, settling in Athens. Spurgeon married Martha Moreland at some point during their life outside of California.
Life in Santa Ana
In 1864, Spurgeon helped their family relocate from Missouri to Solano County, California. In 1867, they went to Los Angeles. Their wife died in Los Angeles. They went back to Clark County, Missouri. They went back to California in 1869. They settled in the area now known as Santa Ana. They founded the city with approximately $1,000. They acquired 76-acres of land from the Rancho Santiago de Santa Ana. From there, they designed and founded the city of Santa Ana. They remarried, Jennie English, on April 14, 1872.
They were frustrated with the lack of trees and excessive amounts of high growing mustard plants throughout the area. To rectify the problem, Spurgeon purchased sycamore trees for Santa Ana. In order to transport the trees, they built their own road, cutting through the mustard plants. After that, they built the first general store in Santa Ana, out of redwood lumber. The general store started out with a very small inventory, but over time, as the population grew, the store became larger and more successful. The store and starting area of Santa Ana made Spurgeon a well-known figure in the region. Spurgeon worked as an agent for Wells Fargo and also was postmaster for the town. Eventually, the first board meeting was held for Santa Ana. Spurgeon was chosen as the president of the board.
Spurgeon founded the First National Bank of Santa Ana. They served as president of the bank, the Santa Ana Gas Company, and the Santa Ana Valley Irrigation Company. They donated the land for the depot where the Santa Ana Regional Transportation Center now exists. They had a walnut farm. They were a Democrat. They represented Los Angeles County on the California State Assembly for the 78th district from 1887 to 1889. They were also county supervisor, prior to the founding of Orange County. After the creation of Orange County, they served as supervisor for that county, too.
Later life and death
On February 24, 1909, Spurgeon incorporated their properties as W.H. Spurgeon Realty Company. The company created the W.H. Spurgeon Block in downtown Santa Ana. That building was the largest building in Santa Ana at the time. They served as president until their death. They died on June 20, 1915.
Further reading
See also
William H. Spurgeon III
References
External links
Presentation of William Spurgeon Portrait
1829 births
1915 deaths
American city founders
Mayors of places in California
People from Santa Ana, California
Orange County Supervisors
People from Henry County, Kentucky
19th-century American politicians
Members of the California State Assembly
California Democrats
TachoSil is a collagen sponge coated with the human coagulation factors fibrinogen and thrombin. It is used during surgery to stop local bleeding on internal organs (hemostasis). The sponge is manufactured from horse tendons. TachoSil reacts upon contact with blood, other body fluids or saline to form a clot that glues it to the tissue surface. Hemostasis is reached in a few minutes, and the sponge is absorbed by the body within several weeks.
Some patients experience hypersensitivity or allergic reactions. In rare cases, it could turn into severe hypersensitive reaction. Those who are prone to having a systemic reaction to horse proteins or human blood products are not good candidates for use of TachoSil.
See also
Fibrin glue
References
External links
Adhesives
Blood
Surgery
Takeda Pharmaceutical Company brands
Dextrocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Dextrocarpa include:
Dextrocarpa misanthropos Monniot, 1978
Dextrocarpa solitaris Millar, 1955
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
The Young Achievers Awards (YAA) is a national competition held annually in Uganda which selects and promotes the best practice and excellence in youth creativity.
By demonstrating a young person's potential to create an outstanding nation built on entrepreneurship, YAA aims at recognizing Uganda's leaders of tomorrow today. It provides an opportunity for people to work together to address national developmental challenges in ICT, the Arts, Health, Education, Gender and access to better lives.
History
Founded in 2009 by Awel Uwihanganye and Ivan Serwano Kyambadde, the Award was created as a platform to showcase young people creating economic opportunity, attaining financial independence and improve their leadership abilities .
Award categories
Young Achiever - Business and Trade
Young Achiever - Media and Society
Young Achiever - Leadership and Governance
Young Achiever - Art, Fashion and Culture
Young Achiever - Music and Entertainment
Young Achiever - Sports
Young Achiever - I.C.T Solutions
Overall Young Achievers of the Year
Young Achiever's Heroes/Heroine Award
Lifetime Achievement Award
Young Achievers Star Hall Of Fame
Overall Young Achiever
See also
List of Young Achievers Award winners
References
Business and industry awards
Ugandan awards
Awards honoring children or youth
Youth in Uganda
Thorleif Brinck Lund (7 June 1880 – 30 June 1956) was a Norwegian stage and film actor of the silent film era.
Early life
Thorleif Lund was born in Stavanger, Norway to parents Hans Geelmuyden Lund and Bertella Karen Lauritza Bertelsen in 1880.
Thorlief Lund made their stage debut as an actor at the Nationaltheatret (The National Theater) in Oslo in 1905. They also appeared at the Centraltheatret (Central Theater) in Oslo, and then on Den Nationale Scene theater in Bergen from 1908 to 1913. In 1914, Lund made their film debut in the Scandinavian-Russian Handelshus in Copenhagen, Denmark where they participated in several films before they left the same year to sign a contract with Nordisk Film where they spent the next three years playing in some 35 films. In September 1917, the forced deteriorating economic conditions caused by World War I caused Nordisk Film to terminate their contracts with some 50 actors; including Thorleif Lund.
Later career
After several years, Lund went with their actor wife Ebba Thomsen and several other former Nordisk Film actors: Philip Bech, Alma Hinding and Birger von Cotta-Schønberg on a theater tour on Norway and Sweden, but without great success. In 1923 they appeared in their last film Republikanere (Republicans), directed by Olaf Fønss for Astra Film. After the retiring from the film industry, they worked as a business person, particularly as an advertising manager at Magasin du Nord. In their last years they worked as a factory director for a company that manufactured gloves.
Personal life
Thorleif Lund was married twice, first on 7 October 1908 to Janne Lange Kielland Holm which ended in divorce. Their second marriage was to Danish actor Ebba Thomsen in 1915. Lund died on 30 June 1956 at age 76 and is buried at Gentofte Cemetery in Copenhagen County, Denmark.
Selected filmography
The End of the World (1916)
The Secret of the Desert (1918)
References
External links
Den danske film database
Danish Film Institute
1880 births
1956 deaths
Norwegian male stage actors
Norwegian male film actors
Norwegian male silent film actors
20th-century Norwegian male actors
Actors from Stavanger
The Legion of Merit of Chile (), frequently abbreviated to the Legion of Merit or the Legion, was a Chilean multi-class order of merit established on 1 June 1817 by Bernardo O'Higgins to recognise distinguished personal merit contributing to the independence of Chile or to the nation. Membership of the Legion conferred a variety of privileges in Chile and its members were entitled to wear insignia according to the class conferred. The Legion of Merit of Chile was abolished in 1825.
Composition
The Legion of Merit of Chile was established as an order of merit along similar lines to the French Légion d'honneur.
The Supreme Director of Chile (as the Chilean head of state was then known) was established as the head of the Legion. The order was established in four classes:
Grand Officers of the Legion (), I Class - for Brigadiers General and those deemed equivalent.
Officers of the Legion (), II Class - for Colonels and those deemed equivalent.
Sub-officers of the Legion (), III Class - for Sergeant Majors and those deemed equivalent (historically equivalent to the current rank of Major).
Legionnaires or Members of the Legion (), IV Class - for Lieutenants and those deemed equivalent.
All appointees to the Legion were required to swear on their honour to defend Chile, to sustain its liberty and independence and not to forget the duty and 'glorious distinction' for which they were decorated.
Council of the Legion
The Council of the Legion () was composed of the Supreme Director as President (ex officio), the Grand Officers of the Legion (the most senior was appointed Vice President of the Legion), twelve Officers of the Legion, six Sub-officers of the Legion and six Legionnaires. The council was charged with reforming the laws and regulations of the Legion as required; presiding over meetings and assemblies of the Legion; approving appointments to the Legion (this task was performed by a five-person panel and excluded the initial appointments to the Legion); considering cases of alleged dishonourable conduct by appointees to the Legion (if found guilty, their appointment could be revoked and they were then prohibited from being reappointed); and overseeing the administration and finances of the Legion (including administering the pensions for appointees).
History
Establishment
The Legion of Merit was established by the Supreme Director of the newly independent Chile, Liberator General Bernardo O'Higgins, on 1 June 1817, in the wake of the Battles of Chacabuco and Maipú, to recognise distinguished contributions to the liberation of Chile or to the nation. At the time, it was the most senior honour of Chile. O'Higgins was the Chilean-born illegitimate son of Ambrosio O'Higgins, 1st Marquis of Osorno, a Spanish officer born in Ireland, who became governor of Chile and later viceroy of Peru. Their mother was Isabel Riquelme, daughter of Don Simón Riquelme y Goycolea, a member of the Chillán Council. Notwithstanding their aristocratic background, O'Higgins abolished the system of nobility in Chile; establishment of the Legion of Merit helped to fill the void with a more egalitarian recognition system. This was in keeping with the ideals of many of the revolutionaries, but alienated the existing aristocracy.
The decree establishing the Legion provided that the initial appointments were for participants at the Battle of Chacabuco with the initial appointments as Grand Officers of the Legion comprising: the Supreme Director of Chile (Bernardo O'Higgins), the Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata (José de San Martín) and the senior Generals at the Battle of Chacabuco. The initial appointments as Officers of the Legion were to comprise the commanders of the armies at the battle and a Captain from each unit elected by the members of the unit, whilst a subaltern of the General Staff elected by the officers at Chacabuco was to be appointed a Sub-officer of the Legion. Finally, based on a vote of the officers of each unit, three Captains and three subalterns of the Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers, two Captains and two subalterns of each infantry unit and one Captain and one subaltern of Artillery were to be appointed Legionnaires. In addition, twenty five sergeants, corporals or soldiers (from across all units) were to be selected by the Council of the Legion for appointment as Legionnaires based on distinguished performance during the battle.
The establishing decree further provided that subsequent appointments could only be made by the Council of the Legion where individuals had demonstrated 'distinguished personal merit'; these appointments were not restricted to the military but could include ministers of religion, judges, government administrators, intelligentsia, artists or any other person found to have suitably distinguished themselves.
Privileges of members
The regulations of the Legion provided members with several privileges. Members were awarded an annual pension funded from the proceeds of estates seized from Spanish Royalists who had fled Chile during the Chilean War of Independence. Annual pensions for Grand Officers were 1000 pesos, for Officers they were 500 pesos, for Sub-officers 250 pesos and for Legionnaires they were 150 pesos. Members of the Legion accused of military or civil crimes had the right to claim trial before a private court of the Legion, drawn from the Legion's military membership; where this was not possible and prior to the execution of any sentence, they were entitled to have the verdict and sentence of the ordinary civilian or military court reviewed by the Legion's court who could either confirm or revoke the verdict and sentence. In an era where the Chilean military often had a poor reputation for discipline, military members of the Legion were entitled to freely enter and exit their barracks at any time and others were prohibited from insulting or in any way harassing members of the Legion. Members of the Legion, when traveling, were entitled to stay overnight at any ranch and to be given food and lodgings for themselves and any companions that they might have been traveling with.
Special provisions were made for citizens of the United States of Rio de la Plata to deconflict those aspects of the Legion that were incompatible with foreign citizenship. These included modified pension arrangements, a modified oath (which avoided swearing allegiance to Chile), and limitations on the right to be tried by a court of the Legion (which was only recognised for offences committed within Chile, although charges of dishonourable behaviour could still be heard to determine the individual's fitness to remain a member of the Legion).
Demise
The Chilean Senate, under pressure from Ramón Freire, attempted to abolish the order in early 1823, citing a lack of financial funds to support the pensions allocated to its members. O'Higgins refused to endorse this decision and challenged the Senate's capacity to do so. However, after O'Higgins resigned in January 1823, the Senate removed the Legion's access to the proceeds of the seized estates, with the exception of 3000 pesos annually to establish a naval school. The existing aristocracy in Santiago were concerned that the Legion was becoming a new form of nobility (which had been abolished in Chile) and saw it as a threat to their status. Finally, in June 1825, the President of the Regency Council, José Miguel Infante, removed the remaining financial allocation and rescinded the act establishing the Legion. Whilst no more appointments were made to the Legion, later imagery suggests that existing members of the Legion maintained their entitlement to wear the insignia previously conferred.
Insignia
As with other contemporary orders, the Legion of Merit used a variety of insignia to distinguish those appointed to the various classes of the order.
Badge of the Legion
Obverse. The obverse of the badge consists of a five-point star (point upwards) surmounted with a small loop ring, to fasten the ribbon, each point ending in a ball finial. Upon the center of the star is attached a disc comprising a circlet surrounding a central disc. The circlet is inscribed with the text LEGION DE MERITO DE CHILE. The central disc consists of a sky blue enamel background upon which is depicted a column crowned with a globe, the whole resting on a ground compartment (the central design is taken from the then Chilean coat of arms). The star rests upon a laurel wreath with enamel highlights, linked at the top by a small scroll inscribed with the text VENC EN CHA, i.e. Vencedor en Chacabuco () for those who had fought at the Battle of Chacabuco or LIBERTAD () for those who had not. Underneath the star and laurel wreath extend fimbriated rays in silver (Legionnaires) or gold (higher classes).
Reverse. The design of the badge's reverse is similar to the obverse with the distinctions that the circlet is inscribed with the text HONOR Y PREMIO AL PATRIOTISMO (), the scroll is inscribed with the text O'HIG S INST and the central disc depicts an erupting volcano in the middle of a mountain range.
The Type I Class III and Class IV badge omits the five-point star. The Type II Class IV badge and the higher class badges used a mix of enamel, silver, gold and (for Class I badges) jewels. Some badges were produced with the circlet and/or scroll text swapped between the obverse and reverse sides.
Method of wear
Those appointed to the Legion were encouraged to wear the insignia of the Legion with all forms of dress. If they did not wish to wear the badge, the regulations provided that they could wear the sky blue ribbon of the Legion passed through the buttonhole of their coat to an attachment device or small pin in either silver (for Legionnaires) or gold (for the remaining classes).
Grand Officers. In dress uniform, Grand Officers of the Legion wore a gold star on the left side with a representation of the arms of the Legion. They also wore a sky blue sash over the right shoulder gathered in a bow over the left hip from which was hung the badge of the Legion. When not in dress uniform, Grand Officers of the Legion could wear the badge suspended from the buttonhole of their coat with a rosette of sky blue ribbon.
Officers. In dress uniform, Officers of the Legion wore the gold badge of the Legion suspended from the neck by a broad sky blue ribbon. When not in dress uniform, Officers of the Legion could wear the badge suspended from the buttonhole of their coat with a rosette of sky blue ribbon.
Sub-officers. Sub-officers of the Legion wore the gold badge of the Legion suspended from the buttonhole of their coat with a sky blue ribbon.
Legionnaires. Legionnaires wore the silver badge of the Legion suspended from the buttonhole of the coat with a sky blue ribbon.
Notable members
Grand Officers
Bernardo O'Higgins, appointed a Grand Officer of the Legion in 1817.
Ramón Freire, originally appointed an Officer of the Legion and later advanced to Grand Officer.
José de San Martín, appointed a Grand Officer of the Legion in 1817.
Officers
Rudecindo Alvarado.
Antonio Beruti.
Tomás Guido, appointed a Sub-officer of the Legion in 1820 and advanced in 1822 to Officer.
Juan Gregorio de las Heras.
Mariano Necochea.
José Matía Zapiola.
José Ignacio Zenteno.
Sub-officers
William Miller.
Legionnaires
José Antonio Rodríguez Aldea, appointed a Legionnaire in 1821.
Giuseppe Rondizzoni.
See also
Orders, decorations, and medals of Chile
Order of Merit (Chile)
References
Bibliography
Good selection of images
Orders, decorations, and medals of Chile
1817 establishments in the Captaincy General of Chile
1825 disestablishments in Chile
Awards established in 1817
Vivek Singh is an Indian shooter. They won the silver medal in the Men's Air Pistol, and gold in Men's 50m Pistol (Pairs), with Samaresh Jung, at the 2002 Commonwealth Games. They also won the silver medal in the Men's 10m Air Pistol at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. They received the Arjuna award by the Government of India in 1999.
References
Indian male sport shooters
ISSF pistol shooters
Living people
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Shooters at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Shooters at the 1994 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1998 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Year of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games competitors for India
Saint Isidore Cemetery is a monumental cemetery in the Spanish capital Madrid. Its first courtyard was erected in 1811 and new expansions were added throughout the 19th Century. Its central courtyard, called “Patio de la Concepción” (Conception courtyard) boasts a notable group of mausolea. This cemetery is the resting place of many famous Spaniards, such as artists, politicians or poets.
History
The cemetery is located on the upper right side of the Manzanares river, between the Segovia and Toledo bridges. Its full name, “Pontifical and Royal Sacramental Arch-confraternity of St Peter, St Andrew, St Isidore and of the Immaculate Conception” reveals its origins: the arch-confraternity resulted from the 1587 merger of the confraternities of the parishes of St Peter the Royal, St Andrew the apostle, the Immaculate Conception and St Isidore the Labourer. All these fraternities included among their duties the dignified burial of deceased members, for which purpose a request was made to open a cemetery in what was then the outskirts of Madrid, near the hermitage of St Isidore.
The first burial was performed in 1811.
Throughout the 19th century, St Isidore became the cemetery of Madrid's nobility. It became the final resting place of choice for aristocrats, bourgeoisie, politicians and artists. For this reason its seven courtyards boast a multitude of mausolea of great architectural and artistic quality. The architects and artists used all means at their disposal, embellishing their work with sculptural elements and employing highly skilled stonemasons, smiths, enamelers and stained glass craftsmen. Among the architects we find many of the great names of the period, such as Ricardo Velázquez Bosco, the Marquis of Cubas, Ortiz de Villajos, Arturo Mélida, Agustín Querol, Segundo de Lema, etc. It was not unusual for architects to find themselves erecting grandiose mausolea in neobyzantine, neo-mudéjar or neo-gothic style for the same clients who had commissioned much less adventurously styled houses in the ever-expanding city.
St Isidore remains an active cemetery and is considered one of Europe's most interesting graveyards. An attempt was made to have the cemetery recognized by the Spanish heritage register for listed status as Bien de Interés Cultural (of cultural heritage interest), though to date the relevant application remains under consideration.
Characteristics
It is located in the Carabanchel district of Madrid, behind the hermitage of St Isidore on the so-called “hill of souls” (cerro de ánimas) near Via Carpetana street and bordered on one side by Ermita del Santo avenue.
The three oldest of the seven courtyards that comprise the cemetery are of rectangular shape and cloistered structure and contain the niches, giving them the most sober appearance. The oldest courtyard is that of St Peter, built in 1811 by the architect José Llorente. Here can also be found the tombs of Antonio Fraseri (Ferdinand VII's physician), Bernardo Conde (director of the Buen Retiro Porcelain Factory), the count of Campomanes and the Madrazo family.
The courtyard of St Andrew would follow later, in 1829, also designed by Llorente, followed by the courtyard of St Isidro by José Alejandro Álvarez in 1842. A new expansion was necessary mid-century and the courtyard of the Conception, designed by Francisco Enríquez y Ferrer in neoroman colonnades and turrets was built, containing a formidable group of mausolea in all different styles of the 19th century. Throughout the 20th century, these structures continued to be built, though their boom period was during the Spanish restoration.
Notable burials
Leandro Fernández de Moratín (1760-1828), Spanish playwright and poet.
Marquess of San Isidro (1806-1885), Spanish noble, politician and army officer.
Conde de Campomanes (1723-1802), Spanish politician.
Ángel de Saavedra y Ramírez de Baquedano, Duque de Rivas, (1791-1865) Spanish poet, dramatist and politician.
Diego de León (1807-1841), Count Belascoaín.
Manuel Montes de Oca (1804-1841), Spanish naval commander and politician.
Francisco Javier de Istúriz (1790-1871), Spanish President.
Ramón de Mesonero Romanos (1803-1882), Spanish author.
Frances Mary ("Fanny") Keats (1803 - 1889), the younger sister of John Keats.
José de Salamanca y Mayol (1811-1883), Spanish politician and financier, Marquis of Salamanca.
Emilio Castelar (1832-1899), Spanish politician, historian, journalist and writer. President of the Executive during the First Spanish Republic.
Francisco Silvela (1843-1905), Spanish politician.
Segismundo Moret (1833-1913), Spanish politician and writer.
Fernando Primo de Rivera y Orbaneja (1879-1921), Spanish politician and soldier.
Consuelo Vello Cano «La Fornarina» (1885-1915), Spanish cupletista.
José Echegaray (1832-1916), Spanish politician, playwright and mathematician.
Antonio Maura (1853-1925), Spanish politician and president of the council of ministers.
Miguel Primo de Rivera (1870-1930), Spanish aristocrat and military officer, Prime Minister of Spain 1923-1930. Their remains were later moved to the Basílica de la Merced in Jerez de la Frontera.
Felipe de Lazcano y Morales de Setién (1868-1951), lawyer, business person, politician and financier.
Ante Pavelić (1889-1959), Croatian dictator and leader of the Ustaše.
Fulgencio Batista (1901-1973), Cuban soldier, politician and dictator.
Miguel Boyer (1939-2014), Spanish economist, academic and former minister.
Kardam, Prince of Turnovo (1962-2015).
Concha Piquer (1908-1990), singer.
Infanta Pilar, Duchess of Badajoz (1936-2020).
See also
Cementerio de San Isidro, Madrid (Spanish wikipedia article)
References
1811 establishments in Spain
Cemeteries in Madrid
Parks in Madrid
Buildings and structures of the Catholic Church in Spain
The Black Widow Murders were a colloquial name for a pair of murders committed by two pensioners in California: On April 18, 2008, Helen Golay, 78, formerly of Santa Monica, California, and Olga Rutterschmidt, 75, formerly of Hollywood, California, were convicted of the murders of two vagrants—Paul Vados in 1999 and Kenneth McDavid in 2005. According to reports, Golay and Rutterschmidt staged Vados and McDavid's deaths to appear as hit and run incidents in order to collect on multimillion-dollar life insurance policies they had taken out on the men.
The murders
Paul Vados
Seventy-three-year-old homeless man Paul Vados was found lying dead in an alley in Hollywood, California, near 307 North La Brea Avenue on November 8, 1999. Vados, who had emigrated from Hungary in 1956, appeared to be the victim of a hit-and-run.
Two years previously, in 1997, Golay and Rutterschmidt began applying for life insurance policies on Vados, listing themselves as the beneficiaries. After Vados's death, Golay and Rutterschmidt received benefits from eight different life insurance policies that had been taken out on him.
Kenneth McDavid
According to a surveillance video, fifty-year-old homeless man Kenneth McDavid was hit by a silver 1999 Mercury Sable station wagon on June 21, 2005. McDavid was originally from northern California and had attended Sacramento State University.
From November 2002 to March 2003, Golay and Rutterschmidt took out a total of thirteen policies on McDavid that totaled $3,700,000.00. On the various insurance applications, Golay and Rutterschmidt were listed as McDavid's business partner, cousin or fiancée.
Before their arrest, Golay had received a total of $1,540,767.05 in insurance proceeds from McDavid's death, and Rutterschmidt a total of $674,571.89.
Perpetrators
Olga Rutterschmidt was born in Hungary in 1933. They emigrated to the United States in 1957 and owned a coffee shop in Los Angeles with their husband. Having divorced, they moved to Hollywood in the 1970s.
Helen Golay was born in Texas in 1931. They lived in a $1.5 million home and also was a landlord, owning three further properties.
The trial
The women pleaded not guilty to the murders and nine counts of fraud.
A third homeless man, Jimmy Covington, 48, testified at trial that they had been approached by Rutterschmidt. Covington asserted they took them to a Burger King restaurant for a meal, where they promised them shelter and assistance with obtaining welfare and other services for the destitute. They testified that they had moved out after a few days, due to growing suspicious when Golay and Rutterschmidt asked them to sign documents and demanded their date of birth, Social Security Number and other identifying information. By then, Golay and Rutterschmidt had already filled out one life insurance policy application for Covington.
The case was described, by Deputy District Attorney Shellie Samuels, who prosecuted it, as "like Arsenic and Old Lace, but it doesn't have Cary Grant."
The prosecution's case included secretly recorded conversations between Golay and Rutterschmidt when they were in jail. Rutterschmidt told Golay in one conversation "You did all these insurances extra. That's what raised the suspicion. You can't do that. Stupidity. You're going to go to jail, honey. They're going to lock you up." Suspicion had in fact been raised when a detective happened to overhear a colleague discussing a case whose features closely resembled that of another one.
Both Golay and Rutterschmidt were convicted in Los Angeles, California, in April 2008, of conspiracy to murder Vados and McDavid, and of the first-degree murder of Vados. Golay was convicted of the first-degree murder of McDavid. Convictions on the several counts spanned a week, because one juror had to go on a trip and be replaced by an alternate. The original jury reached a deadlock over the final two counts against Rutterschmidt, but after the alternate juror was introduced the trial judge ordered the jury to recommence deliberations. Both women were sentenced to consecutive life terms in California state prison, without possibility of parole.
Appeals to the convictions and sentences would be denied and judgments upheld, at first on August 18, 2009 by the Court of Appeal, Second District, Division 5, State of California, and ultimately by the California Supreme Court on October 28, 2012.
In media
On February 10, 2010, "The Black Widow Murders" were featured on an episode of American Greed on CNBC. On September 10, 2009, the case was profiled on an episode of Deadly Women entitled "Behind the Mask". Also in 2009, the series Wicked Attraction featured an episode named "Golden Years" in its second season detailing the history and criminal acts of the two. On November 13, 2013, Elder Skelter featured a story about Ken McDavid's death. The episode was called "Death, Lies and Security Tape".
On July 21, 2008, The Closer aired the episode "Speed Bump" loosely based on the Black Widow Murders, with a few changed details, such as paroled felons as the victims instead of homeless men. Jenny O'Hara and Wendy Phillips guest-starred as the greedy villains.
On December 16, 2009, CSI: NY aired the episode "Second Chances" which mirrors a great deal of the Black Widow Murders, but with a younger cast, consisting of Kim Kardashian and Vanessa Minnillo as the money-hungry black widows.
On November 17, 2021, Dateline NBC released a 6 part Podcast titled "The Thing about Helen and Olga" presented and narrated by Keith Morrison.
See also
List of homicides in California
References
Further reading
Incidents of violence against men
Murderers for life insurance money
Serial murders in the United States
Violence against men in North America
2008 in California
Murder in California
1999 murders in the United States
2005 murders in the United States
November 1999 events in the United States
June 2005 events in the United States
1999 in California
2005 in California
The 1949 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 19th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Waterford entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Tipperary in the Munster semi-final.
On 4 September 1949 Tipperary won the championship following a 6-5 to 2-4 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. This was their sixth All-Ireland title and their first in two championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
The 1934 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1934 college football season.
Schedule
References
William & Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William & Mary Indians football
The Toot-a-Loop Radio or Panasonic R-72 was a novelty radio made by Panasonic Japan in the early 1970s. This radio was designed to be wrapped around the wrist. It also came with stickers for customizing the unit. Reception was the AM broadcast band only - no FM (the FM version of this radio is called RF-72). The radio was shaped something like a donut with the hole off-center. When twisted, the smaller half would pivot and the larger half would separate, forming an "S" shape. One side of the radio had a grille behind which sat the speaker. There was also a jack for a mono earplug. The tuner was located inside one of the "splits," so the radio had to be twisted into the "S" position in order to be tuned, but the volume control was on the outer diameter of the radio and could be adjusted regardless of whether the radio was twisted open or closed. The Toot-a-Loop came in several colors including white, red, blue, and yellow. It was also produced in orange and lime, which were sold in Australia and New Zealand. Australian and New Zealand models had the badging National Panasonic and were advertised as a "Sing-O-Ring" radio. Also known by collectors as a bangle or wrist radio. The advertisement song went "It's an S it's an O it's a crazy radio! Toot a loop!".
See also
External links
National Panasonic Radio, Model R-72S (Metropolitan Museum of Art)
Toot-A-Loop Radio model R-72 at MOMA
Toot-a-Loop-Radio R72 and R-72S at Radiomuseum.org
Panasonic FM Radio Toot-a-Loop RF-72 at Radiomuseum.org
Models of radios
Tune-a-Loop Radio
Bertha Noyes (1876–1966) was an American painter.
A native of Washington, D.C., Noyes studied at the Corcoran School of Art in that city; they also had lessons with Charles Webster Hawthorne. They exhibited widely, and their work is held in numerous public and private collections. Among organizations to which they belonged were the American Federation of Arts, the Washington Society of Artists, the Washington Watercolor Club, the Boston Art Club, the Provincetown Art Association, the National Association of Women Painters and Sculptors, and the Newport Art Association. They often traveled to Central and South America, as well as to the Southwestern United States, and frequently depicted scenes from their travels in their work.
Noyes lived at 610 21st Street NW for many years; it was there, in 1916, that they founded the Arts Club of Washington. They were long involved with the organization, heading the committee that ultimately relocated it to its current location on I St., NW. In 1936 they commissioned an armillary sphere from C. Paul Jennewein, after an initial design by Paul Manship, to be erected in Meridian Hill Park as a memorial to their father Isaac and sister Edith; it is currently missing.  They are buried at Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C.
References
1876 births
1966 deaths
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
American women painters
Painters from Washington, D.C.
Burials at Rock Creek Cemetery
Corcoran School of the Arts and Design alumni
Senkivka () is a land three-way border crossing between Ukraine with Russia and Belarus on the Ukrainian side, just north of the village of Senkivka, in Chernihiv Raion, Chernihiv Oblast.
It is the Ukrainian side of the Novye Yurkovichi–Senkivka–Vesyalowka border tripoint.
Overview
The checkpoint/crossing is situated on a . Across the border on the Russian side is a border checkpoint Novye Yurkovichi located near Novye Yurkovichi (Bryansk Oblast), on the Belarusian side is a border checkpoint Vesyalowka.
The type of crossing is automobile, status - international. The types of transportation for automobile crossings are passenger and freight.
The port of entry is part of the Senkivka customs post of Chernihiv customs.
Points of interest
In 1975 here was erected a stele "monument of Friendship (Three Sisters)" (, monument Druzhby ("Tri sestry"); ) where in June every year take place several festivities among the people from the Republic of Belarus, Ukraine, and the Russian Federation. The monument is located about north of the checkpoint.
On 9 November 2012 at Senkivka was installed the first border post of the State Border of Ukraine with the Russian Federation. The first border post of the State Border of Ukraine with Belarus was installed on 13 November 2014.
In 2014 the access to the festivals through Vesyalowka and Novye Yurkovichi were closed for Ukrainian visitors.
See also
Russia–Ukraine border
Belarus–Ukraine border
Russia–Belarus border
State border of Ukraine
References
External links
State Border Guard of Ukraine website
Shell War in Ukraine: The village with Russia and Belarus on its doorstep. BBC News, 26 April 2022
Russia–Ukraine border crossings
Belarus–Ukraine border crossings
Geography of Chernihiv Oblast
Border tripoints
Gampaha railway station is a railway station in the western city of Gampaha in Sri Lanka. The station is served by Sri Lanka Railways, which is the state-run railway operator.
Location
Gampaha railway station is located in the centre of Gampaha and is located next to the Henarathgoda Botanical Garden. Also Bandaranaike International Airport and Colombo Fort Station are about 15 and 28 kilometres away from Gampaha railway station respectively. It is the 15th station on the Main Line from Colombo Fort railway station with elevation of 10.97m high above mean sea level.
Station has three platforms and one siding line with crossing loop and it is designed as a commuter rail terminus.
History
In 1864, British colonists built this station as Henarathgoda railway station to facilitate the transportation of Tea and Coffee from the hill country to Colombo. In 1926, the station upgraded with double rail line and became a main railway station in the country.
Later, the original station abandoned and it moved to current location with its present name, Gampaha railway station. But old Henarathgoda station is still visible on the line approximately 100 m away from the present station. Currently this old Henarathgoda Railway Station Building serve as the Department of Archaeology Gampaha regional office.
Continuity
See also
List of railway stations in Sri Lanka
List of railway stations in Sri Lanka by line
Sri Lanka Railways
References
External links
Cutting the First Sod of Earth for the Railway in 1858
Railway stations in Gampaha District
Railway stations on the Main Line (Sri Lanka)
Archaeological protected monuments in Gampaha District
Redux is an EP by British crust punk band Amebix. It is a three-track studio release with a bonus downloadable live track. The album was recorded in 2009 after original Amebix members Rob and Stig met with drummer Roy Mayorga (Stone Sour, Soulfly, Nausea) to record some songs for a documentary about the band. The first three tracks are re-recordings of older songs while the fourth track was recorded live on their US re-union tour in 2009.
The album was released in CD, vinyl, and digital format. Both the CD and vinyl versions had the first three songs with a card for a download of the digital version, which included the live bonus track.
Track list
"Arise" - originally recorded for the Arise! LP
"Winter" - originally recorded for the "Winter" single
"Chain Reaction" - originally recorded for the Monolith LP
"Progress (Live)" - recorded live in 2009
References
Amebix albums
2010 EPs
McCarthy v Wellington City [1966] NZLR 481 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding the legal issue of causation involving negligence cases in tort
Background
The council had left a safe containing explosives unfastened to the ground and without any warning signs in a local quarry.
Some boys from a nearby suburb managed to open the safe by pulling out the pins on the hinges and took the explosives from the safe home with them.
The boys later gave some of the explosives to another boy, who later had one of the detonators explode in their hand, causing injury.
Their parents sued the council for negligence. The council defended the matter by arguing that the injury was unforeseeable, and even if it was foreseeable, causation had been broken by the intervening act of a third party, namely by the boy giving the injured boy the detonator.
Held
The High Court ruled that the injury was foreseeable, and awarded damages, and this judgment was later upheld by the Court of Appeal.
Footnote: The Accident Compensation Act [1974] now bars such a claim
References
Court of Appeal of New Zealand cases
New Zealand tort case law
Wellington City
1966 in New Zealand law
1966 in case law
"Csordapásztorok" ("Shepherds" in English) is one of the oldest Hungarian Christmas carols.
Its lyrics (with the note "old song") can be found in Benedek Szőlősy's book, the Cantus Catholici, which was first published in 1651. Its music was first recorded in the Deák-Szentes manuscript, which was written between 1741 and 1774 by Mózes Szentes.
Lyrics and music
Lyrics
References
Szent vagy, Uram! Orgonakönyv. Szent István Társulat, 1974., 20. ének.
Hungarian Catholic lesson:
Hungarian Catholic lesson:
External links
Videos:
Origin: Pataki Henrik: A «Csordapásztorok» karácsonyi ének szerzője
Christmas carols
17th-century hymns
Konya Atatürk Stadium () was a multi-purpose stadium in Konya, Turkey. It was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Konyaspor. The stadium held 22,559 people and was built in 1950.
References
External links
Venue information
Football venues in Turkey
Konyaspor
Sports venues completed in 1950
Multi-purpose stadiums in Turkey
Süper Lig venues
Regino José Otero Gómez (September 7, 1915 – October 21, 1988) was a Cuban professional baseball player who had a long career in the minor leagues in the United States (1936–53), and played briefly with the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball in 1945. They also played 13 years in the Cuban Professional League. A left-handed batting first baseman, they threw right-handed, and was listed as tall and . After their playing career ended, they managed in the U.S., Cuba, Mexico and Venezuela, spent eight years (1959–66) as a coach in the U.S. major leagues, then worked as a scout for two MLB clubs for more than a decade.
Playing career
Born in Havana, Otero made their organized baseball debut in 1936 with the York White Roses/Trenton Senators club of the New York–Pennsylvania League, where they hit .243 with no home runs and 22 runs batted in. They also played for the International League's Albany Senators that year, but hit only .111. The following year they returned to the Senators but still had trouble, hitting .136 with 0 HR and 3 RBI. In 1938 they moved south to the St. Augustine Saints (Florida State League). There they hit .308, still with 0 HR, but with 52 RBI.
Otero played for the Greenville Spinners in 1939 and 1940. In their two seasons in the Sally League they hit .325-2-57 and then .315-1-50. They moved back north in 1941, when they played for the Springfield Nationals of the Eastern League and hit .223-0-24. Otero played for the Springfield club's farm team, the Utica Braves of the Can-Am League, in 1942, where they led the league in batting with a .364 average, 2 HR and 101 RBI. Inactive in 1943, Otero moved west in 1944, playing for the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League. At the end of the 1945 season they were called up to the Chicago Cubs, after hitting .344 with 23 RBI, following a .306-0-54 season.
Otero appeared in 14 games for the Cubs, making their debut on September 2, 1945. They had 9 hits in 23 at-bats, good for a .391 average with 5 RBI. This was their only major league experience. They returned to the Angels for the 1946 and 1947 seasons. Otero could not continue to put up those numbers and hit only .273-1-46, and then .231-0-7 in the following year. After the 1947 season, they joined the Portsmouth Cubs of the Piedmont League, where they would play for the next five years, also serving as manager in 1951–52. In the league Otero hit over .300 four times with a high of .353, and had 4 home runs and 312 RBI. They joined the Springfield Cubs (International League) in 1953 and hit .171-0-4 before retiring from the minor leagues.
In their homeland, Otero played in 480 games in the Cuban Professional League for thirteen years from 1936 to 1953. They began their career with the Club Acción Republicana before joining Habana (1936–37), Santa Clara (1939–40), Cienfuegos and Almendares (1945–46) and then the Havana Reds of the Cuban National Federation before returning to Cienfuegos, where they played for seven years from 1947 to 1953. Otero hit .242 in the Cuban league with 499 hits in 2068 at-bats with 177 RBI.
Manager, coach and scout
After their playing career ended, Otero managed the Havana Sugar Kings from 1954 through mid-1956. They also managed in the Cuban league and the Mexican League, but gained the most notoriety in the Venezuelan League. There they led the Industriales de Valencia to three titles (1955–56, 1957–58, 1958–59) and the Leones del Caracas to four titles (1961–62, 1963–64, 1966–67, 1967–68). Their seven championships are the most in the league's history.
In Major League Baseball, they served as a coach for the Cincinnati Reds (1959–65) and Cleveland Indians (1966). In 1967, they became a scout, working for Cleveland and the Los Angeles Dodgers into the 1980s.
Otero died of a heart attack in Hialeah, Florida, on October 21, 1988.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Cuba
References
This article is based on the article "Reggie Otero" at Baseball-Reference.com's Bullpen, accessed November 7, 2006. The Bullpen is a wiki and its content is available under the GNU Free Documentation License.
External links
Cubanball.com
1915 births
1988 deaths
Albany Senators players
Caribbean Series managers
Chicago Cubs players
Cincinnati Reds coaches
Cleveland Indians coaches
Cleveland Indians scouts
Greenville Spinners players
Los Angeles Angels (minor league) players
Los Angeles Dodgers scouts
Major League Baseball first base coaches
Major League Baseball first basemen
Major League Baseball players from Cuba
Cuban expatriate baseball players in the United States
Major League Baseball third base coaches
Minor league baseball managers
Portsmouth Cubs players
St. Augustine Saints players
Springfield Cubs players
Springfield Nationals players
Trenton Senators players
Utica Braves players
York White Roses players
Sportspeople from Havana
Malik Montra James (born October 6, 1988) is a former professional American football cornerback. They played college football for the Langston Lions. They were signed by the Dallas Cowboys May 17, 2013, and released by the Cowboys on June 11, 2013. They also played college football for the Cincinnati Bearcats in 2009 and Nevada Wolfpack from 2010 to 2012. Their older brother Mil'Von James was signed by the Cleveland Browns in 2008.
Pre-draft
External links
1988 births
Living people
Players of American football from Los Angeles
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football defensive backs
American football defensive backs
Cincinnati Bearcats football players
Nevada Wolf Pack football players
Langston Lions football players
Players of Canadian football from Los Angeles
Boscobel is a historic house museum in Garrison, New York, overlooking the Hudson River. The house was built in the early 19th century by States Dyckman. It is considered an significant example of the Federal style of American architecture, augmented by Dyckman's extensive collection of period decorations and furniture.
It was originally located in the Westchester County hamlet of Montrose. Restoration efforts in the mid-20th century moved it upriver to where it currently stands, on New York State Route 9D a mile south of the village of Cold Spring in Putnam County.
House
Boscobel's distinguishing feature is the unusual delicacy conveyed by the front facade and its ornamentation. Unique among Federal style buildings, carved wooden swags in the shape of drapery, complete with tassels and bowknots, grace the top of the second-story balcony. Nearly one-third of the face is glass, with flanking lights integrated into contemporary windows used in the restoration to enhance the effect. The windows are slightly recessed, and the front clapboards are closely fitted and matched in an apparent effort to suggest masonry.
Some alterations during the relocation and reconstruction include the rear entrance and stairway, required by contemporary fire code, were added in 1958, and a former dirt-floored room in the basement was turned into a visitors' bathroom.
Adjacent to the house is a permanent sculpture garden with ten bronze busts of significant Hudson River School artists. The work of Greg Wyatt, director of the Newington-Cropsey Foundation Academy of Art, they were donated by the foundation. Boscobel was chosen because of its location in the Hudson Highlands, a popular subject of the school's painters, and rough geographic center of Hudson River School artist homes and the landscapes that they painted.
History
Construction
States Dyckman, a descendant of early Dutch settlers of Manhattan, had managed to retain their family fortune despite being an active Loyalist and working in the British Army's Quartermaster Corps for most of the war, keeping the accounts of various quartermasters. When Sir William Erskine, Quartermaster General, returned to England in 1779 to face an audit and investigation for war profiteering, they asked Dyckman to accompany him. They remained in England ten years, participating in other investigations of quartermasters and only returned to the newly independent United States in 1789.
While in London they associated with many wealthy members of society and acquired their tastes, particularly for the neoclassical buildings of Robert Adam. They bought many furnishings and decorative objects, such as a Wedgwood dinner service, and had them shipped back to the United States with him.
With the interest on a sizable life annuity granted them by Sir William Erskine, Dyckman intended to build an estate on 250 acres (1 km2) near Montrose and named it Boscobel, perhaps after Boscobel House in Shropshire (itself named for the Italianate bosco bello, "pretty woodland"), symbolizing their Anglophilia. According to one biographer, they saw themselves as a "conspicuously well-fixed farmer, surrounded with objects of taste...who did not farm too seriously". They began this process by marrying Elizabeth Corne, daughter of another Loyalist family, in 1794. But within a year they faced financial difficulties, the halt of Erskine's annuity by their heirs after their death and their own lavish tastes and generous gifts to less fortunate family members contributing to reduce their circumstances.
Dyckman returned to London in 1799, expecting to mend their fortunes and return to their wife, son and daughter within a year. Instead they remained three years, finishing the remaining quartermasters' investigation under John Dalrymple, themselves once one of the inquiry's targets. They restored their fortunes by persuading the Erskines to restore their annuity and negotiating an extremely generous settlement with Dalrymple and the other quartermasters whom they had helped clear, apparently by manipulating evidence.
Wealthier but injured and ailing, Dyckman returned to the United States in 1803 and set about building the house they had long planned. It is possible that they had blueprints drawn up in England, since work began within six months of their return. The architect is not known, although surviving records show that a William Vermilye was heavily involved as construction manager. Dyckman died in 1806, before it was finished. Their widow completed it, and they and their surviving son moved into it in 1808.
Restoration
The family retained ownership of the house until 1920. For the next 35 years, under subsequent owners, it frequently faced the possibility of being demolished. In 1955 an organization called Friends of Boscobel saved it from a contractor who had bid $35 to knock it down after the Veterans' Administration had built a hospital on the site. They arranged for it to be moved to a similar location upriver, near Cold Spring, a year later, using photographs from the Historic American Buildings Survey to guide the reconstruction.
Lila Acheson Wallace, co-founder of Reader's Digest, had at first anonymously provided the $50,000 donation to make the move and reconstruction possible. As Friends of Boscobel became Boscobel Restoration, Inc., they took a more public role as a director particularly in overseeing the landscaping and interior decoration. Richard K. Webel designed grounds for the new site that bore little resemblance to its original surroundings, favoring the "country house" style popular in the early 20th century. Large grown trees were planted to give the impression that the house had always been there.
The rebuilt home was formally reopened on May 21, 1961, at a ceremony attended by then-Governor Nelson Rockefeller, who praised it as "one of the most beautiful homes ever built in America". Lila Acheson Wallace later spearheaded the development of a 40-minute sound and light show on the grounds, which ran twice a week in summers until the late 1970s. Around that time, new papers of Dyckman's were discovered, and the house was closed for six months in 1977 while it was redecorated in a manner more consistent with their recorded tastes. It opened again that summer to high praise.
Tours
The house is open every day of the week (except Tuesdays and holidays) from April through December. The second Tuesday of each month is set aside to allow artists free entry to paint or sketch on the grounds. Visitors are allowed to picnic on the grounds. The Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival performs under a tent during the summer months.
References
Notes
Further reading
Great Houses of the Hudson River, Michael Middleton Dwyer, editor, with preface by Mark Rockefeller, Boston, MA: Little, Brown and Company, published in association with Historic Hudson Valley, 2001. .
External links
Museums in Putnam County, New York
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic American Buildings Survey in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1808
Hudson River
Historic house museums in New York (state)
Federal architecture in New York (state)
Houses in Putnam County, New York
Relocated buildings and structures in New York (state)
Relocated houses
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
Abdelouahed Idrissi Chorfi (born 1 January 1969) is a Moroccan judoka. They competed at the 1996 Olympics as an extra-lightweight, coming seventeenth.
Achievements
References
1969 births
Living people
Moroccan male judoka
Judoka at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Morocco
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Morocco
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
20th-century Moroccan people
21st-century Moroccan people
African Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2003 All-Africa Games
African Games silver medalists for Morocco
Ogyris is an Australasian genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Ogyris abrota Westwood, 1851
Ogyris aenone Waterhouse, 1902
Ogyris amaryllis Hewitson, 1862
Ogyris aurantiaca Rebel, 1912
Ogyris barnardi Miskin, 1890
Ogyris faciepicta Strand, 1911
Ogyris genoveva Hewitson, [1853]
Ogyris halmaturia (Tepper, 1890)
Ogyris ianthis Waterhouse, 1900
Ogyris idmo Hewitson, 1862
Ogyris iphis Waterhouse & Lyell, 1914
Ogyris meeki Rothschild, 1900
Ogyris olane Hewitson, 1862
Ogyris oroetes Hewitson, 1862
Ogyris otanes C. & R. Felder, [1865]
Ogyris subterrestris Field, 1999
Ogyris zosine Hewitson, [1853]
References
; ; 2011: The nomenclature of Ogyris halmaturia (Tepper, 1890) (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Australian Entomologist, 38(1): 29-36. PDF of whole issue
, 1988. [https://www.biodiversitylibrary.org/item/53463#9 Catalogue of Lycaenidae & Riodinidae] (Lepidoptera: Rhopalocera). Bridges, Urbana, Illinois.
1973: The higher classification of the Lycaenidae (Lepidoptera): a tentative arrangement. Bulletin of the British Museum (Natural History), entomology, 28: 371-505.
2010: The taxonomy of Ogyris halmaturia (Tepper, 1890) stat. nov. (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Australian Journal of Entomology, 49(2): 114-120.
, 1971. Australian Butterflies. 200pp. Nelson, Melbourne.
, 1998. The Butterflies of Papua New Guinea Academic Press,
, [1851]. In 1846-1852, The genera of diurnal Lepidoptera, 2. pp. 251-534, pls. 31-80 + suppl. pl. London.
External links
"Ogyris Angas, 1847" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Arhopalini
Lycaenidae genera
The Edith Creek Chlorination House is a historic structure in Mount Rainier National Park, built by the National Park Service in 1930. The rustic structure was built as part of the water supply system to the Paradise area. The low concrete building with stone veneer cladding was built to withstand very heavy snow loads. It was fed by a small dam on Edith Creek, which was replaced in 1970. The chlorination house contained equipment to chlorinate the water from this source and to regulate the level of the reservoir.
The Edith Creek Chlorination House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
Infrastructure completed in 1930
Rustic architecture in Washington (state)
Buildings and structures in Mount Rainier National Park
Water treatment facilities
Buildings and structures in Pierce County, Washington
Industrial buildings and structures in Washington (state)
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
1930 establishments in Washington (state)
Austroterpna paratorna is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia.
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1888
Pseudoterpnini
The Dewey Decimal System is a 2011 science fiction/noir novel by Nathan Larson. It was first published by Akashic Books.
Synopsis
In a post-apocalyptic New York City, an amnesiac veteran – nicknamed "Dewey Decimal" for their self-imposed task of reorganizing the books in the remains of the New York Public Library – is an enforcer for the city's district attorney.
Reception
PopMatters lauded Larson's characterization, and stated that Decimal's many flaws – in addition to amnesia, they also have obsessive-compulsive disorder – make them an archetypical private eye.
The A.V. Club praised the novel's premise and setting, with "patches of roughhewn poetry", but overall found it to be "frustrating" and "stilted (and) self-conscious", stating that Larson had insufficient "storytelling skill to match (the novel's) voice and vision".
Publishers Weekly felt that the relationships between characters "fail(ed) to engage", and that the "violence too often substitute(d) for plot coherence".
Origins
Larson has said that the book's genesis was the image of a "beautifully dressed black man, asleep on the floor of the Rose Reading Room in the New York Public Library main branch", and that the character of Dewey Decimal is based partly on their cousins and grandfather (who were all veterans), and partly on a homeless man of Larson's acquaintance named "Chicago" (who "slept rough but dressed like a mod squad Desmond Dekker type").
References
Dystopian novels
2011 American novels
American post-apocalyptic novels
Novels set in New York City
Akashic Books books
Douglas J. McCauley (born January 31, 1979 Los Angeles, CA) is a professor of ocean science at the University of California Santa Barbara, and serves as the Director of the Benioff Ocean Initiative - an applied ocean research center based at UC Santa Barbara's Marine Science Institute. Their research focuses on using tools from ecology, data science, and marine policy for ocean conservation.
Education
McCauley received a B.A in Integrative Biology and a B.A. in Political Science, both from University of California, Berkeley in 2001. They received their Ph.D. in Biological Sciences at Stanford University in 2010. They conducted postdoctoral research at Stanford University, Princeton University, and University of California, Berkeley.
Career
McCauley began as a deckhand on a fishing boat based in Los Angeles Harbor. Prior to their appointment at UC Santa Barbara they also worked with the US National Marine Fisheries Service and US Fish and Wildlife Service in Honolulu, HI.
McCauley is a professor at University of California Santa Barbara (Department of Ecology, Evolution and Marine Biology & Marine Science Institute). In 2016 they founded the Benioff Ocean Initiative at UC Santa Barbara with a gift from Marc Benioff and Lynne Benioff - founder and CEO of the cloud computing company Salesforce. The mission of the Benioff Ocean Initiative is to leverage the power of science to solve pressing threats challenging ocean health and inspire the replication of these successes. To date, the organization has taken on a variety of initiatives, including trying to slow the flow of plastic pollution to oceans through the Clean Currents Coalition, using technology to prevent collisions between ships and endangered whales through project Whale Safe, employing artificial intelligence to help spot white sharks at beaches through project SharkEye, creating programs for community scientists to aid in the conservation of endangered ocean species through the Spotting Giant Sea Bass project, and creating transparency tools to track the start of ocean mining.
Research
McCauley's primary areas of research expertise are in the areas of ocean science, conservation biology, and ecology. Their pure ecological research has focused on the decline of wild animals in ocean ecosystems, understanding how energy and materials flow across living ecological systems, how species are interlinked in ecological networks, and how humans as a dominant ecological force shape the dynamics of nature. Their applied science includes research on how the health of nature affects human nutritional health, disease dynamics, wealth systems, and social justice.
Public Engagement
McCauley has been active on topics of ocean health and ecosystem integrity at the United Nations, the World Economic Forum, and the US White House. They serve on the advisory board of the World Economic Forum's Friends of Ocean Action.
Awards and honors
In 2015, McCauley was named an Alfred P Sloan Research Fellow. In 2018, they were named an Early Career Fellow by Ecological Society of America. In 2019, they were awarded UC Santa Barbara's Plous award. They were also named a “Human of the Year” by Vice (magazine) Media.
Selected works
McCauley has published more than 85 publications
Some of their most known publications are as follows:
References
External links
McCauley Lab
Douglas McCauley UCSB Profile
Benioff Ocean Initiative '
1979 births
Living people
Academics from Los Angeles
Environmental scientists
Scientists from Los Angeles
Stanford University alumni
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
20th-century American scientists
21st-century American scientists
Fellows of the Ecological Society of America
Bakartxo Tejeria Otermin (born 28 March 1971) is a Basque politician serving as speaker or President of the Basque Parliament since 2012.  They are the third woman to hold the position, as well as the longest serving speaker. Tejeria has been a Member of the Basque Parliament for Gipuzkoa since 2001.  They are affiliated with the Basque National Party.
Life and career
Bakartxo Tejeria Otermin was born in San Sebastian (Gipuzkoa) and spent a brief time in Larraul but moved while still a child to Villabona (Gipuzkoa).
A law graduate of the University of the Basque Country, Tejeria worked as a solicitor in Tolosa. They also worked as justice of the peace in Villabona from 1997 to 1999. They joined the Basque National Party in the 1990s, and was elected town councillor for Villabona in the 1999 election. They led their party to victory in the 2003 election, and served as mayor of Villabona from 2003 to 2007. They failed to secure a majority after the 2007 election, and continued as a councillor from the opposition until 2011.
Tejeria became a prominent member of the Basque National Party in the Basque Parliament upon being elected in the 2001 election. As a member of the Women and Youth parliamentary committee, they were one of the promotors of the 2005 Equality Law. They were re-elected in the 2005 election. They became a high-ranking member of their party in 2008, as a member of the party's Executive Branch of Gipuzkoa (GBB). After the 2009 election, which sent the Basque National Party to the opposition, they were tasked with coordinating the party's parliamentary group in the Basque Parliament.
The Basque National Party chose Tejeria as the party's candidate for the presidency of the Basque parliament before the 2012 election. After their party's victory, they were elected as the seventh speaker (President) of the Basque Parliament on 20 November 2012. They were re-elected after the 2016 election and the 2020 election, which makes Tejeria the first speaker to serve for three terms.
Tejeria belongs to the social democrat and the pro-independence section of their party. They support a new constitutional arrangement for the Basque Country and has participated in demonstrations defending the Basque Country's right to choose its own future. They have also opposed the incarcelation of pro-independence Catalan politicians amid the 2017 constitutional crisis.
Personal life
Tejeria is married to Joanes Labaien, a former state attorney who is the son of the late Ramon Labaien, Minister of Culture of the Basque Government and mayor of San Sebastian in the 1980s. The couple has two daughters (born in 2005 and 2009) and two sons (twins, born in 2016). They live in San Sebastian.
References
1971 births
21st-century Spanish politicians
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Basque Nationalist Party politicians
Living people
Members of the 7th Basque Parliament
Members of the 8th Basque Parliament
Members of the 9th Basque Parliament
Members of the 10th Basque Parliament
Members of the 11th Basque Parliament
Politicians from San Sebastián
Presidents of the Basque Parliament
University of the Basque Country alumni
Women legislative speakers
Women mayors of places in Spain
Mayors of places in the Basque Country
Basque women in politics
Women members of the Basque Parliament
Signal peptidases are enzymes that convert secretory and some membrane proteins to their mature or pro forms by cleaving their signal peptides from their N-termini.
Signal peptidases were initially observed in endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-derived membrane fractions isolated from mouse myeloma cells. The key observation by César Milstein and colleagues was that immunoglobulin light chains were produced in a higher molecular weight form, which became processed by the ER membrane fraction. This finding was directly followed by the discovery of the translocation machinery. Signal peptidases are also found in prokaryotes as well as the protein import machinery of mitochondria and chloroplasts.
All signal peptidases described so far are serine proteases. The active site that endoproteolytically cleaves signal peptides from translocated precursor proteins is located at the extracytoplasmic site of the membrane. The eukaryotic signal peptidase is an integral membrane protein complex. The first subunit, which was identified by yeast genetics is Sec11, a 17 kDa membrane protein that is associated with three subunits termed Spc3p (21 kDa), Spc2p (18 kDa) and Spc1p (11 kDa). Sec11 is the only essential factor for signal peptide processing as can be deduced from a growth defect upon its deletion. The functional signal peptidase complex was first purified from a canine ER membrane fraction. The five mammalian subunits, originally named according to their molecular weight are referred to as SPCS1 (SPC12), SEC11A (SPC18), SEC11C (SPC21), SPCS3 (SPC22/23) and SPCS2 (SPC25). These subunits assemble into two distinct paralogous complexes differing in their catalytic subunit SEC11A and SEC11C, respectively, which exhibit largely identical structures. The SPC structure suggests that the enzyme has a transmembrane domain that is only accessible to signal peptides with their characteristically short helical segment.
References
External links
Further reading
EC 3.4.21
EC 3.4.23
The Ram Jhula consists of two parallel cable-stayed railway over-bridges in Nagpur, India. The long bridge crosses the railway tracks north of Nagpur Junction railway station. The Blue Line of the Nagpur Metro will run along the centre of the bridge on the eastern side.
History
A bridge was originally built by the British in 1927 to connect what was then Old Nagpur and New Nagpur that lay across the tracks of the Great Indian Peninsular Railway (GIPR, the precursor to Central Railway. The South East Central Railway and Nagpur Municipal Corporation were informed by the British contractors that the bridge had lasted its guaranteed service life and hence be kept out of bounds for heavy vehicles. Subsequently, the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) was handed over the responsibility to demolish and reconstruct the bridge.
Reconstruction
The MSRDC began work in 2006 by building a three-lane cable-stayed bridge parallel to the old bridge. The bridge was built by Afcons, a subsidiary of the Shapoorji Pallonji Group. As per the plan, the old bridge would be demolished once the parallel bridge was open to traffic following which a second three-lane bridge would be built, bringing the total number of lanes to six. However, a dispute arose between MSRDC and the Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Limited (MahaMetro) over the alignment of the Blue Line of the Nagpur Metro. MahaMetro sought permission to build the metro between the two bridges but the MSRDC refused. In 2016, the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court asked Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis to resolve the matter. Subsequently, MSRDC and MahaMetro agreed to integrate the two structures. The last of the second bridge would be built by the latter with two levels with the metro at the upper level before proceeding towards the railway station.
References
Transport in Nagpur
Cable-stayed bridges in India
Railway bridges in India
Julius Spokely (May 27, 1877 – August 12, 1954) was an American business person and politician.
Spokely was born un Polk County, Minnesota and lived in Crookston, Minnesota. They were a landowner and operator. Spokely served as sheriff of Polk County. They also served in the Minnesota Senate from 1947 to 1950.
References
1877 births
1954 deaths
People from Crookston, Minnesota
Businesspeople from Minnesota
Minnesota sheriffs
Minnesota state senators
Kristjan Lüüs (born 17 March 1991), is an Estonian stage, film and television actor whose career began in the 2010s.
Early life and education
Kristjan Lüüs was born and raised in Tartu.  They are a 2010 graduate of the Tartu Art Gymnasium secondary school (now, Tartu Variku School). In 2011, they enrolled in the Theatre Arts Department of the University of Tartu Viljandi Culture Academy in Viljandi to study acting, graduating in 2015. Their diploma roles were in productions of Jaanika Tammaru's Pööriöö, Ivar Põllu's 1987, Birgit Landberg's Ada ja Evald, and William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.
Career
Stage
In 2014, before graduating from the University of Tartu Viljandi Culture Academy, Lüüs joined the Must Kast (Black Box) theatre in Tartu, where they are still currently engaged. They have performed in productions by Daniil Kharms, Albert Camus, Birgit Landberg, Rudyard Kipling, and Kaija M. Kalvet. They have also performed onstage at the Estonian Drama Theatre, R.A.A.A.M. theatre, Ugala, Tartu New Theatre, and Endla Theatre, as well as a number of smaller theatres throughout Estonia.
Television
Since 2013, Lüüs has appeared in several Estonian television roles. In 2014, they appeared in several roles on the Eesti Televisioon (ETV) sketch-comedy series Tujurikkuja and the following year appeared in various character roles on the Kanal 2 comedy series Takso, as Aaron on the TV3 drama series Krista lood, and Ekke in an episode of the ETV drama series Mustad lesed. In 2016, they appeared on the Kanal 2 comedy series Heeringas Veenuse õlal and in 2017 played the role of Sander Pronks in the long-running TV3 comedy-crime series Kättemaksukontor. Lüüs' most prominent television roles were as the character Mauno Mesine in the TV3 military drama series Vabad mehed, a role they played from 2014 until 2017, as Arno Sark on the Kanal 2 crime series Siberi võmm, joining the cast in 2016, and as Bert in the TV3 comedy series Padjaklubi from 2018 until 2019. Uudised ja Meelelahutus Sarja "Vabad mehed" näitlejad: päriselus on ajateenijatel natuke igavam kui meil (in Estonian) 27 January 2017. Retrieved 1 January 2019.
Film
In 2009, while still attending secondary school, Kristjan Lüüs was cast to play the role of Andres in the Richard Meitern and Martin Liira-directed romantic musical film Tudengimuusikal. In 2016, they appeared in a small role in the René Vilbre-directed comedy Klassikokkutulek and the same year as Andres in the frenetic Triin Ruumet-directed youth-tragicomedy Päevad, mis ajasid segadusse. In 2017, they had a supporting role as a hick in the Jaak Kilmi-directed historical comedy Sangarid and a small role in the Antti-Jussi Annila-directed Finnish historical drama Ikitie. In 2018, played the role of Marko in the Liina Trishkina-Vanhatalo-directed Allfilm drama feature film Võta või jäta. The film was the official Estonian submission to the 91st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but was not selected. In 2021, they appeared as Robert in the Priit Pääsuke-directed comedy Öölapsed''.
Personal life
Kristjan Lüüs wed actor Maris Nõlvak in July 2016. The marriage ended in divorce in 2020. Lüüs currently reside in Tartu.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Estonian male stage actors
Estonian male film actors
Estonian male television actors
Estonian male voice actors
Male actors from Tartu
21st-century Estonian male actors
Following is a list of peaks in the Karnataka:
See also
List of peaks in the Western Ghats
List of Indian states and union territories by highest point
References
Karnataka-related lists
David Sánchez was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Gustavo Kuerten.
Fernando González won in the final 7–5, 6–4 against Kuerten.
Seeds
Nicolás Massú (quarterfinals)
Gustavo Kuerten (final)
Mariano Zabaleta (quarterfinals)
Gastón Gaudio (quarterfinals)
Fernando González (champion)
Juan Ignacio Chela (first round)
Filippo Volandri (quarterfinals)
Flávio Saretta (semifinals)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Singles draw
Chile Open (tennis)
2004 ATP Tour
it:Movistar Open 2004 - Singolare
sk:Mužská dvojhra na Movistar Open 2004
Ashty (; Dargwa: ГIяштти) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Ashtynsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 393 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Ashty is located 50 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khuduts and Kunki are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Oleh Haras (; born 5 December 1976) is a Ukrainian professional football coach and a former player.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Ukrainian Premier League in 1992 for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Coaching career
In February 2012 they were returned to football as playing assistant coach for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League.
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up: 2000.
Russian Premier League bronze: 1998.
Russian Cup winner: 1997.
Russian Cup finalist: 1998.
References
1976 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
Association football forwards
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
FC Karpaty Lviv players
FC Lviv (1992) players
FC Lviv players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Ukrainian football managers
Sportspeople from Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
Daradahalli Byregowda Chandregowda (born 26 August 1936), is a former Speaker of Karnataka Legislative Assembly, three-term MLA, one-term MLC, and Member of Parliament—three-term from Lok Sabha and one-term from Rajya sabha.
They worked as Leader of Opposition in Karnataka Legislative Assembly and Minister for Law and Parliamentary Affairs in Government of Karnataka representing several political parties in their long political career – Praja Socialist Party, Janata Dal, Congress, and Bharatiya Janata Party.
Biography
They were born at Daradahalli of Mudigere Taluk, Chikkamagaluru district, Karnataka on 26 August 1936 to D. A. Byre Gowda and Puttamma. They did their BSc education from Renukacharya College, Bangalore and LLB from R. L. Law College, Belgaum. They married Purna Chandre Gowda on 22 May 1966 and were blessed with four daughters.
They learnt their leadership skills paving the way for a long political career during their college days; they were elected as Vice-president of Renukacharya college students association. While at R. L. Law College, they became the General secretary of the R.L. Law College. They were in the Praja Socialist Party till 1967. In 1971, they got elected to 5th Lok Sabha from Chikmagalur constituency representing INC – Congress party. They were re-elected to 6th Lok Sabha from Chikmagalur, but vacated their seat later to allow Indira Gandhi to contest and win the election from there.
Between 1978 and 1983, they became a member of Karnataka Legislative Council and worked as Cabinet minister in Government of Karnataka from 1979 to 1980. In 1980, they resigned from Congress and joined Karnataka Kranti Ranga, became President of Karnataka State Congress (U), and served as Leader of opposition in Karnataka Legislative Council from 1980 to 1981.
They entered into Karnataka Legislative Assembly as M.L.A. in 1983 representing Thirthahalli constituency and served as Speaker in Legislative Assembly from 1983 to 1985. In 1986, they were elected as Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha representing Janata Dal political party. In 1989, they were re-elected as M.L.A. from Thirthahalli constituency and became the Leader of opposition. In 1999, they were elected for a third-term as M.L.A. representing Shringeri constituency and became Minister of Law and Parliamentary Affairs until 2004.
In 2008, they resigned from Congress and joined BJP; subsequently, they became Member of Parliament in 15th Lok Sabha representing Bangalore North from BJP in 2009. In 2011, they also entered Silver screen by acting in Kannada film Nanna Gopala, produced and directed by writer "Lakshman".
They were a member of—Committee on Personnel, Public Grievances, Law and Justice; Committee on Subordinate Legislation; and Committee on members of parliament Local Area Development Scheme from 2009.
Elections Contested
1971 : Lok Sabha member from Chikmagalur (Congress)
1977 : Lok Sabha member from Chikmagalur (Congress)
Resigned in 1978 to allow Indira Gandhi to contest and enter Lok Sabha
1978-1983 : MLC in Karnataka Legislative Council (Congress)
Left Congress to join Karnataka Kranti Ranga of Devaraj Urs
1983-1985 : M.L.A in 1983 representing Thirthahalli constituency (Janata Party)
1986 : Rajya Sabha MP (Janata Party, later renamed Janata Dal)
1989 : Karnataka Assembly member representing Thirthahalli constituency (Janata Dal)
1999 : M.L.A representing Shringeri (Congress)
2009 : Lok Sabha member from Bangalore (North) for BJP .
Autobiography
An autobiography of D.B. Chandre Gowda with name Poornachandra was released on occasion of their 75th birthday by D. V. Sadananda Gowda, former Chief Minister of Karnataka, and B. S. Yeddyurappa, current Chief Minister of Karnataka. Speaking on the occasion B. S. Yeddyurappa said:D. V. Sadananda Gowda calling them as their friend, philosopher, and guide said:
See also
List of Rajya Sabha members from Karnataka
List of members of the 15th Lok Sabha of India
Bangalore North (Lok Sabha constituency)
References
External links
Shri D. B. Chandre Gowda
DB Chandre Gowda – Biography
D B Chandre Gowda
CM Released Autobiography of D B Chandre Gowda
Chandre Gowda faces tough task
Shri Chandre D.B. Gowda
Praja Socialist Party politicians
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Karnataka
Janata Dal politicians
Living people
1936 births
People from Chikkamagaluru district
Kannada people
India MPs 1971–1977
India MPs 1977–1979
India MPs 2009–2014
Speakers of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly
Members of the Karnataka Legislative Council
Rajya Sabha members from Karnataka
Lok Sabha members from Karnataka
Leaders of the Opposition in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly
Karnataka MLAs 1983–1985
Karnataka MLAs 1989–1994
Karnataka MLAs 1999–2004
Janata Party politicians
Indian National Congress (U) politicians
John Joseph McCormack (4 June 1904 – 5 June 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Career
McCormack, a forward recruited from South Ballarat, played at Richmond for three seasons. They kicked five goals on their league debut, against Footscray at Western Oval in the 15th round of the 1927 VFL season. In round 18 they bettered that tally with six goals in a win over Hawthorn. They were one of Richmond's best players when they defeated Carlton narrowly by six points in the first semi final, with four goals, one of them from a drop kick after the three quarter time bell. In the 1927 VFL Grand Final, which Richmond lost to Collingwood, McCormack was held goal-less at full-forward, but wasn't the only forward to struggle, as the match was played in heavy rain.
They played only five games in the 1928 VFL season and took no part in Richmond's finals campaign, which ended with another grand final loss.
In 1929 they started the season well enough to be second in the goal-kicking after three rounds with 16 goals, behind Gordon Coventry. This included a career best seven goal hauls, against Essendon at Windy Hill. They finished the season with 46 goals, from 13 appearances, the last in round 14, which placed them inside the top 10 for the league and second at Richmond.
Following their career with Richmond, McCormack played with Preston in the Victorian Football Association. They were their leading goal-kicker in the 1930 VFA season, with 52 goals.
References
External links
Jack McCormack's playing statistics from The VFA Project
1904 births
1966 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
Richmond Football Club players
South Ballarat Football Club players
Preston Football Club (VFA) players
Ypsolopha unicipunctella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Oklahoma, Texas and Arizona.
The wingspan is 17–23 mm.
The antennae are white, dotted with dark brown. The labial palpi on the outside are dark fuscous, striated transversely with white. The underside and inside of the second joint are silvery white. The brush is small and the terminal joint is thickened in front with rough scales. The face, head, thorax and anterior wings are unicolored pale olive buff with golden reflections. There is a conspicuous black round dot and a few scattered black scales at the end of the cell, especially in the apical part of the wing. The hindwings are light silvery gray, deepening toward the edges.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Jerry L. Mitchell (born June 18, 1942) is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 90th district from 1995 to 2012.
External links
Illinois General Assembly - Representative Jerry L. Mitchell (R) 90th District official IL House website
Bills Committees
Project Vote Smart - Representative Jerry L. Mitchell (IL) profile
Follow the Money - Jerry L. Mitchell
2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 1996 campaign contributions
Illinois House Republican Caucus - Gerald L. "Jerry" Mitchell profile
1942 births
Living people
Illinois Republicans
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
People from Jacksonville, Illinois
21st-century American politicians
East European Politics and Societies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political science, especially concerning international relations of Eastern Europe. The journal's editors-in-chief are Wendy Bracewell (University College London) and Krzysztof Jasiewicz (Washington and Lee University). It was established in 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Council of Learned Societies and the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies.
Abstracting and indexing
East European Politics and Societies is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.817, ranking it 117 out of 169 journals in the category "Political Science" and 25 out of 68 journals in the category "Area Studies."
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
International relations journals
European studies journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1986
The Warsztaty Szybowcowe Mewa was a Polish, high performance, two seat sailplanes flown in 1936 and built in small numbers.
Design and development
In 1935, Szczepan Grzeszczyk and Antoni Kocjan collaborated in the design of the Mewa, an aerodynamically clean, high performance, two seat sailplanes. Its first flights were made early in the following year, though it was not ready for competition until 1937.
The Mewa was a wooden aircraft with a two-part, cantilever, shoulder-mounted gull wing. Each part was built around a single spar which acted as the rear member of a torsion-resistant D-box formed with plywood surfacing around the leading edge. Behind the spar, which was assisted by an internal diagonal drag strut to the fuselage, the wing was fabric-covered. The high dihedral, inner part of the wing was rectangular in plan but the outer wing was trapezoidal, tapering to rounded tips. The outer wings carried long, narrow-chord, differential Frise ailerons outboard with mid-chord, upper-surface air brakes inboard.
The Mewa's fuselage was an oval-section, semi-monocoque, plywood structure. The two crew sat in tandem, with dual controls, under a long, multi-part transparency. This extended rearwards over the wing, allowing the second seat to be positioned over the centre of gravity to avoid re-trimming when occupied. A broad, semi-elliptical, balanced rudder, fabric-covered except on its balance, was mounted on a small fin which was part of the fuselage structure. Close to its root, the fin carried an all-flying tail, fitted with Flettner tabs and also largely fabric-covered.
The landing gear consisted of an under-fuselage, pneumatically sprung skid, assisted by a tailskid under the rudder.
Operational history
Its first significant competition was the Fifth National Glider Contest held at Ustianowa in June-July 1937 where the prototype, flown by Mieczysław Urban, came third. In 1938 a production batch of five was built, the first flying in the spring. Four took part in the Sixth National Glider Contest, held at Inowrocław, though the best only reached ninth place. The production Mewas went to clubs, where one was for used for blind flying training as well as the usual high performance instruction. They set national duration and distance records for two seat gliders: in April 1939 J. Pietrow and W. Dziergas flew for 11 h 2 min and in May Pietrow and J. Jakubiec covered .
Mewas were also built under licence in Estonia and in Yugoslavia, where one remained in use into the 1950s.
Specifications
References
Aircraft first flown in 1936
1930s Polish sailplanes
High-wing aircraft
Gull-wing aircraft
The 1928 Eastern Illinois Blue and Gray football team represented Eastern Illinois State Teachers College (now known as Eastern Illinois University) as a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (IIAC) during the 1928 college football season. The team was led by seventeenth-year head coach Charles Lantz and played its home games at Schahrer Field. The Blue and Gray finished the season with a 7–0–1 record overall and a 5–0–1 record in conference play, making them conference co-champions with .
Schedule
References
Eastern Illinois
Eastern Illinois Panthers football seasons
Interstate Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Eastern Illinois Blue and Gray football
College football undefeated seasons
The Chienshan Power Plant () is a fuel-fired power plant in Huxi Township, Penghu County, Taiwan. With the total capacity of 140 MW, the power plant is the largest diesel fuel-fired power plant in Taiwan. Chienshan Power Plant is the only major power plant in Penghu Island.
History
In November 1994, the Executive Yuan approved the construction of the power plant. In June 1990, the first phase of the power plant was commissioned with four generation units with a total installed capacity of 10.4 MW. In March 1998, the Executive Yuan approved for the expansion of the power plant on Unit 5–12 with the total installed capacity of 11 MW. The construction of those eight generation units were completed in December 2002.
See also
List of power stations in Taiwan
Electricity sector in Taiwan
References
2000 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Penghu County
Energy infrastructure completed in 2000
Oil-fired power stations in Taiwan
The 1952 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 21st staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Roscommon entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Connacht Championship.
On 29 September 1952, Galway won the championship following a 2-9 to 1-6 defeat of Cavan in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
In three of the provincial championships there are wins for teams after long absences. Cork and Westmeath win the respective Munster and Leinster titles for the first time since 1939, while Cavan claim the Ulster title for the first time since 1938.
References
1952
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Protopapas (Πρωτόπαπας) is a Greek surname, derived from the ecclesiastical office of protopapas. The female form is Protopapa (Πρωτόπαπα). People with the name include:
Kostis Protopapas, Greek-American conductor
Maria Protopapa (born 1971), Greek runner
Vangelis Protopapas (1917–1995), Greek actor
Greek-language surnames
The Cherry Hill Farmhouse is a house museum in Falls Church, Virginia, United States. Built in 1845 in a Greek Revival architecture style, it belonged to wealthy farmer families until 1945, and in 1956 it became property of the City of Falls Church, which transformed it into a museum, as a historical building. Today, the Cherry Hill Farmhouse, along with other five such constructions in Falls Church City, is part of the National Register of Historic Places, as an important testimony of 19th century Victorian buildings in the area.
History
The house hosting the museum was built about 1845 as a farmstead in a Greek Revival architecture and frame barn. Mr. William A. Blaisdell, who managed a stall in the nearby District of Columbia, purchased the house in 1856 as part of a 73-acre farm. It has long been named Cherry Hill because of the fruit orchards that surrounded the house.
From 1870 to 1945 the house belonged to the Riley family who were prominent in the village; it was Joseph Riley that in 1875 lead the effort to petition the state for Falls Church to become a town. At that time the town included parts of Fairfax and Alexandria Counties (now called Arlington County). The poet James Whitcomb Riley, a relative of the owners and visitor to the farmhouse, included references to the farmhouse and some of its residents in some of their poems. The farmhouse, barn, and outbuildings were bequeathed to the University of Virginia in 1945, and the school owned it until 1956 when the City of Falls Church purchased them along with the rest of the property bounded by Park Avenue, Little Falls Street, and Great Falls Street. Then, in the 1960s, a number of local history lovers created the Friends of Cherry Hill to restore the house to the period of its construction and make a house museum to exhibit the lifestyle of the prosperous families of the area. It provides a glimpse of the antebellum times in Falls Church and later in the Victorian period. The docents provide the history of the house, the local area at the time, and the connection to the national affairs. Nowadays the house is included within a 7-acre park.
The museum includes the household's authentic 18th and 19th century furniture, which along with other historical pieces, are owned and maintained by a foundation called Friends of Cherry Hill, whereas the barn houses a 19th-century collection of tools.
The Cherry Hill Farmhouse & Barn is part of the National Register of Historic Places and is one of only six Falls Church houses of the Victorian era on that list (no commercial buildings from that period have survived).
References
External links
Cherry Hill Farm - Friends of Cherry Hill Foundation
Cherry Hill, 312 Park Avenue, Falls Church, Falls Church, VA at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Museums established in 1956
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1845
Greek Revival houses in Virginia
Historic house museums in Virginia
Houses in Falls Church, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Falls Church, Virginia
1956 establishments in Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Tourist attractions in Falls Church, Virginia
Phellinus igniarius (syn. Phellinus trivialis) is a fungus of the family Hymenochaetaceae. Like other members of the genus of Phellinus it lives by saprotrophic nutrition, in which the lignin and cellulose of a host tree is degraded and is a cause of white rot. Common names are willow bracket and fire sponge
The fungus forms perennial fruiting bodies that rise as woody-hard, hoof or disc-shaped brackets from the bark of the infested living tree or dead log. The tree species is often willow but it may be commonly found on birch and alder and other broad leafed trees. The top is covered with a dark, often cracked crust, a stem is present only in its infancy. Unlike most fungi it has a hard woody consistency and may persist for many years, building a new surface layer each year. It was prized as kindling material. In Alaska, it is burnt by locals, and the ash (punk ash) is mixed with chewing tobacco to enhance the effect of the nicotine in the tobacco.
Description and ecology
The species is a polypore, with pores on the underside that bear basidiospores. The species causes a white rot that leads to the tree to decay. Woodpeckers are known to favour its site as a good place to excavate a nesting chamber since the wood will be soft and weaker around its location.
The bracket measures, 5–20 cm in diameter, but in rare cases may be 40 cm wide. The thickness of the bracket varies from 2–12 cm, to 20 cm in exceptional cases. These conks are among the longest persisting fungal fruit bodies, displaying up to eighty annual growth rings. The fungus has small, grayish brown pores whose density is 4–6 per square mm. Its tubes have a length of about 2–7 mm. Each year, the fungus forms a new layer of tubes superimposed on the old layers. Unreleased old spores often find themselves sealed in by later growth that clog the tubes and they appear in cross-section as brown spots. The flesh becomes harder with age and dryness, with humidity it softens. The smell of the fruit body has a pronounced mushroom character, the flavor of the meat is bitter. Upon contact with potassium hydroxide, the flesh is dyed black. The spores of the P. igniarius form a whitish cast. It is considered to be inedible.
Gallery
References
Nut tree diseases
Stone fruit tree diseases
Fungal tree pathogens and diseases
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Fungi described in 1753
Inedible fungi
igniarius
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Sir Harry Arieh Simon Djanogly, (born 1 August 1938) is an English textile manufacturer, art collector and philanthropist. Djanogly, who is estimated to be worth £300 million, made their fortune from the merger of their Nottingham Manufacturing Company with other textile interests in 1986 to form Coats Viyella.
Their son, Jonathan Djanogly, a Conservative politician, has been the Member of Parliament for Huntingdon since 2001.
Early life
Born in France, Djanogly emigrated to the United Kingdom as a child fleeing from the Nazis and was naturalised a British subject on 1 November 1948.
Philanthropy
Djanogly is an active philanthropist and has an art collection that has been said to include the largest number of Lowrys in the world, as well as works by Picasso and Monet.
The Djanoglys have contributed to the founding of many venues in their home town of Nottingham, such as the Djanogly City Academy, Djanogly Community Leisure Centre, Djanogly Community Orchestra, Djanogly Recital Hall, Djanogly Theatre and the Djanogly Gallery.
Since the 1970s, Djanogly has supported institutions such as Tate, the British Museum, National Gallery and National Portrait Gallery.
Honours
Djanogly was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1983 Birthday Honours and knighted in the 1993 New Year Honours for charitable services.
Djanogly and their wife have also been recognised by the University of Nottingham as part of the College of Benefactors.
In 2014, Djanogly and their wife were awarded the Prince of Wales Medal for Arts Philanthropy.
References
External links
Living people
20th-century English businesspeople
21st-century English businesspeople
English art collectors
English philanthropists
1938 births
English Jews
French emigrants to England
Jews who immigrated to the United Kingdom to escape Nazism
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
Michael or Mike Schwartz may refer to:
Mix Master Mike (Michael Schwartz, born 1970), American turntablist
Michael Schwartz (sociologist) (born 1942), American sociologist
Mike Schwartz (fl. 2001–2007), American actor and writer
Michael Schwartz (physician) (born 1961), American physician
Michael Schwartz (educational administrator) (born 1937), American academic administrator
Mike Schwartz (activist) (1950–2013), American anti-abortion activist
Michael Warren Schwartz (fl. 1996–2012), professor of medicine
Michal Schwartz (born 1950), Israeli professor of neuroimmunology
Mike Schwartz (basketball) (born 1949), American-Israeli basketball player
Michael A. Schwartz, American academic and psychiatrist
See also
Michael Schwarz (disambiguation)
The Mongolia national ice hockey team () is the national ice hockey team of Mongolia. They are controlled by the Mongolian Hockey Federation and a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) since 15 May 1999. Mongolia participated in several World Championship tournaments from late 2000s to early 2010s, but since 2013, have only played in the Challenge Cup of Asia, a regional tournament for lower-tier hockey nations in Asia.
Mongolia is currently not ranked in the IIHF World Ranking and have not participated in the World Championships since 2013, when the IIHF enacted new "minimum participation standards", stipulating that the country must have at least one functional, full-sized indoor rink.
History
Mongolia made its debut at the 1999 Asian Winter Games. The national team did not participate in any IIHF tournaments until the 2007 IIHF World Championship Division III tournament in Ireland. They played four games, losing all four by a combined margin of three goals for to 45 goals against. In 2008, Mongolia played at the IIHF World Championship Division III tournament in Luxembourg, and again they lost all of their games. Goal margin was 11 goals for and 59 against in five games. In the 2009 tournament, they chose to forfeit the games and withdrew from the tournament. All of the games were marked as 5–0 forfeits towards the team. In 2010, the team was placed in group B of Division III. They started off the tournament against North Korea, and they lost (22–1). Then they lost to South Africa (12–1) and to Armenia (15–0). Goal margin was 2 goals and 49 against. They finished the tournament with a 3rd place rematch against South Africa. Mongolia scored three times but it was not enough as South Africa won 8–3. Mongolia however finished the tournament with its first-ever podium position, finishing third overall in the group after Armenia was suspended by the IIHF.
Many players also represent the Mongolia national bandy team.
Withdrawal from 2009 and 2011 IIHF tournaments
The Mongolian Hockey Federation announced that their men's and U18 teams would not be participating in the 2011 IIHF tournaments due to financial trouble and lack of ice hockey equipment. Mongolia cancelled their trips to their respective tournaments. Mongolia men's team was scheduled to travel to Cape Town, South Africa to participate in Division III, while the U18 team was scheduled to participate in Division III in Taipei City, Taiwan. They had previously withdrawn from the 2009 Division III tournament as well.
Tournament record
World Championships
Asian Winter Games
Challenge Cup of Asia
Fixture and Results
2007
Fixture and Results
2008
Fixture and Results
2010
Fixture and Results
2012
All-time record against other nations
Last match update: 9 March 2019
Note: Mongolia was awarded a 5–0 victory over Armenia in the 2010 IIHF World Championship Division III tournament after Armenia had their statistics and final scores expunged from the IIHF tournaments due to player eligibility issues. The score of the game was originally 15–0 for Armenia.
References
External links
IIHF profile
National Teams of Ice Hockey profile
Ice hockey in Mongolia
National ice hockey teams in Asia
Ice hockey
The 2011 America East Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 25-27 at Joe Nathan Field in Stony Brook, New York. The top four regular season finishers of the league's six teams qualified for the double-elimination tournament. In the championship game, second-seeded Maine defeated fourth-seeded Albany, 10-1, to win its fifth tournament championship (its second under head coach Steve Trimper). As a result, Maine received the America East's automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Tournament.
Seeding
The top four finishers from the regular season were seeded one through four based on conference winning percentage only. They then played in a double-elimination format. In the first round, the one and four seeds were matched up in one game, while the two and three seeds were matched up in the other.
Results
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Most Outstanding Player
Maine outfielder Taylor Lewis was named Most Outstanding Player.
References
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Tournament
America East Conference Baseball
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Baseball in New York (state)
Sports competitions in New York (state)
The ash-breasted sierra finch (Geospizopsis plebejus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
References
ash-breasted sierra finch
Birds of the Andes
ash-breasted sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sayadaw U Tejaniya () is a Theravādin Buddhist monk of Chinese descent and the meditation teacher at the Shwe Oo Min Dhamma Sukha Forest Center in Yangon, Myanmar whose teachings have attracted a global audience.
Personal life
Sayadaw U Tejaniya lived as a householder running a textile business until age thirty-six, which is atypical for Sayadaws in Myanmar. At various intervals during their pre-monastic life they studied intensively with Shwe Oo Min Sayadaw (1913–2002), a highly venerated figure who was one of the first meditation teachers trained by Mahasi Sayadaw. Sayadaw Tejaniya feels that because of their experience developing their practice while leading the life of a householder, they understand both the challenges yogis face in integrating their meditation practice with their everyday lives and how to overcome them. Another notable episode in their life was their struggle with two major episodes of clinical depression, which they credit with providing the motivation to develop their skills at mental self-investigation (Dhamma vicaya) to an extraordinary level.
Pedagogical style
Sayadaw's teaching style differs in emphasis somewhat from the style of Vipassana meditation generally practiced in Myanmar. Rather than making a single, primary object the focus of awareness for meditation, Sayadaw Tejaniya believes practitioners must first pay attention to the presence of defilements in the mind—greed, aversion and delusion—which can make themselves subtly present while meditating and diminish the effectiveness of the practice. As Sayadaw Tejaniya has said, "Don't reject any object that comes to your attention. The object of attention is not really important; the observing mind that is working in the background to be aware is of real importance. If the observing is done with the right attitude, any object is the right object."
Sayadaw Tejaniya places less emphasis on form—the sitting posture or the specific method of walking—recommending instead a more natural pose closer to how yogis act in real life. In their words, "Meditation is not just about sitting on a cushion. No matter what posture you are in, if your mind is aware with understanding, you are meditating."
In addition to sati (mindfulness) and viriya (perseverance), the Sayadaw feels it is important for yogis to engage in dhamma vicaya (investigation, analysis) of an almost scientific sort, which they believe is the most productive route to knowledge of the world as it really is. The Sayadaw is particularly concerned with helping yogis build skills they can and will continue to use throughout their lives.
Overseas teachings
Sayadaw Tejaniya has taught and led meditation retreats in Australia, China, the Czech Republic, Great Britain, Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand, Poland, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Switzerland, Finland, the United States and Vietnam. Their principal writings have been translated into eleven languages. In 2012, Sayadaw traveled to the United States with their translator for a retreat at the Insight Meditation Society in Barre Massachusetts. Over one hundred participants attended, including many noted North American meditation teachers.
Publications
Sayadaw Tejaniya has published three books drawn from their group interviews with yogis, one collection of brief yogi autobiographies emphasizing how the practice of mindfulness meditation has influenced them (including one by the Sayadaw himself), and two books from a commercial publisher (When Awareness Becomes Natural: A Guide to Cultivating Mindfulness in Everyday Life, 2016, and Relax and Be Aware: Mindfulness Meditations for Clarity, Confidence, and Wisdom, 2019).
Many of Sayadaw Tejaniya's question-and-answer exchanges with yogis about their practice, which combine elements of traditional Dhamma talks and interviews, are available online.
References
External links
Sayadaw U Tejaniya's Dharma Talks on DharmaSeed
Sayadaw U Tejaniya's Dharma Talks on AudioDharma
Dhamma Everywhere Tumblr
Video of Retreat With Sayadaw U Tejaniya in Russia July 2012
Theravada Buddhist monks
Burmese Theravada Buddhists
Burmese Buddhist monks
People from Yangon
Burmese scholars of Buddhism
Theravada Buddhism writers
Burmese people of Chinese descent
1962 births
Living people
Humaid Al-Najar (Arabic:حميد النجار) (born 22 February 1989) is an Emirati footballer. They currently play as a goalkeeper for Al-Wasl.
External links
References
Emirati footballers
1989 births
Living people
Al-Nasr SC (Dubai) players
Dibba FC players
Al-Wasl F.C. players
UAE First Division League players
UAE Pro League players
Association football goalkeepers
1919 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 13th water polo championship in Hungary. There were four teams who played one round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1919 in water polo
1919 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Paracobitis hircanica, the Hircan crested loach is a species of stone loach is found in tributaries of the Gorgan River, Iran. This species reaches a length of .
References
hircanica
Fish of Asia
Fish of Iran
Taxa named by Hamed Mousavi-Sabet
Taxa named by Golnaz Sayyadzadeh
Taxa named by Hamid Reza Esmaeili
Taxa named by Soheil Eagderi
Taxa named by Rahman Patimar
Taxa named by Jörg Freyhof
Fish described in 2015
Canada Jam was a rock festival concert held at Mosport Park in Bowmanville, Ontario Canada, about 100 kilometres east of Toronto, on August 26, 1978. The festival was produced by Sandy Feldman and Leonard Stogel, who produced California Jam and California Jam II, and was sponsored by Carling O'Keefe. It attracted over 110,000 fans, making it the largest paying rock event in Canadian history at that time. The Molson Canadian Rocks for Toronto a.k.a. "SARSfest" featuring the Rolling Stones and AC/DC eclipsed that mark with an audience of 450,000 people on July 30, 2003.
Canada Jam was the second of three major music festivals held at Mosport between 1970 and 1980. The other two were the Woodstock-esque Strawberry Fields Festival held August 7–9, 1970 and the punk and new wave themed, Heatwave Festival held August 23, 1980. Both these festivals were produced by Toronto promoter John Brower who facilitated the introduction to Mosport Park for Feldman and Stogel.
Performers
Canada Jam acts in order of appearance:
Ozark Mountain Daredevils
The Doobie Brothers
Atlanta Rhythm Section
Village People
Dave Mason
Wha-Koo
Prism
Kansas
Commodores
Triumph
The program ran for 18 hours (3 hours behind schedule) and ended with Triumph's encore at 3:35 AM.
Broadcast, telecast, and record releases
Four television specials were made from the event and broadcast across the CTV television network in Canada. Several performances from the show were eventually released on CD and video, both in bootleg and authorized form including performances by Kansas and Triumph. The event was hosted by CFTR-AM (AM680) in Toronto.
Approximately 350 people were treated in the medical tent for fatigue, cuts and drug and alcohol-related ailments but no major incidents or problems occurred. Tickets for the event sold for $20.00 in advance and $30.00 on the day of the event and the event grossed an estimated 2.5 million dollars.
See also
List of historic rock festivals
List of jam band music festivals
Lenny Stogel IMDB
References
1978 music festivals
1978 in Canadian music
Clarington
Rock festivals in Canada
Music festivals in Ontario
Music festivals established in 1978
August 1978 events in Canada
Nikonovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 31 as of 2002.
Geography
Nikonovskaya is located 18 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ogudalovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
This is a list of Brazilian films slated for release in 2018:
See also
2018 in Brazil
References
External links
tv_series&year=2018,2018 Feature Films Released In 2018 With Country of Origin Brazil at IMDb
2018
Brazil
The Racecourse is an open area on the River Wear in Durham, England of total that has been used as a sports ground since at least 1733. It forms part of Durham University's sports facilities as well as hosting local sports clubs. The Racecourse cricket ground, which has hosted first class matches, has been used since at least 1843, and is the home ground of Durham University's cricket team. The Racecourse also contains squash, tennis and fives courts, rugby, hockey and football pitches, and boathouses.
As well as use by Durham University, the Racecourse is known for hosting two annual events, the Durham Regatta and Durham Miners' Gala. With the exception of the riverside path, which is owned by Durham County Council, the Racecourse is owned by Durham University.
History
Before it was a racecourse, the Racecourse was known as Smelt Haugh or Smiddy Haughs and is thought to have been a smithy for the Prior of Durham. It was first recorded as being used for horse racing in 1733. At its peak, the course had a stone grandstand and attracted 80,000 spectators for a two-day event in 1873. Racing continued at the site until around 1887. From 1815 there was an annual boat procession along the River Wear at the Racecourse, celebrating Wellington's victory at the Battle of Waterloo. In 1834 this became the Durham Regatta, the second oldest regatta in England. The Durham Miners' Gala (established 1871) has been held annually at the Racecourse since 1872.
Cricket has been played on the Racecourse since at least 1843, when Durham University played the first recorded game there. This predates Cambridge's first game at Fenner's (1848) and Oxford's first game at The Parks (1881), making the Racecourse the oldest university cricket ground in England. In the 1840s the land was owned by the Bishop of Chester, who leased it to Durham City Cricket Club (established in 1829) in 1844. By the late 1840s, however, the lease had passed to the university. Durham City Cricket Club continued to play at The Racecourse cricket ground until 1887, when they moved "amid mutterings of discontent" to Green Lane Cricket Ground at the east end of the Racecourse. Horse racing was also stopped by the university at the same time, so that from 1888 the ground was solely used by the university.
On 16–17 June 2012 the Racecourse hosted the Olympic torch as part of the London 2012 Olympic torch relay.
Cricket ground
The Racecourse's most significant facility is its cricket ground, which has been used by Durham University since 1843. It has a capacity of 8,500 (2015).
The Racecourse cricket ground stands at the east end of the Racecourse. It had the honour of hosting Durham County Cricket Club's first match as a first-class county in 1992, against Leicestershire. Between 1992 and 1994, Durham CCC played seven games there in the County Championship, seven List A game and a three-day game against Australia, which was notable for being Ian Botham's last match as a professional cricketer. Since Durham CCC moved into The Riverside Ground, which was completed in 1995, the ground has continued to host Durham University, Durham University Centre of Cricketing Excellence and Durham MCC University matches, which included 19 first-class matches against County sides as well as games in the MCC Universities Championship and BUCS Premier League. It was also used from 2000 - 2008 as the home for Durham
CCC's Academy team, which played 50 North East Premier League matches on the ground. In 2007, it also hosted a three-day match between the touring West Indies team and the MCC. and a one-day match between the MCC and the touring Bangladesh A team in 2008. It hosted three women's one-day internationals in 2002 and a Durham Women one-day match against Lancashire Women in 2014, retrospectively considered to have been List A match.
The ground has hosted 28 first-class matches (excluding one abandoned without play) and 12 List A match as of August 2022.
Game Information:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Game Type
! No. of Games
|-
| County Championship matches
| 7
|-
| University matches (with first class status)
| 19
|-
| Tour matches
| 2
|-
| Total first class matches
| 28
|-
| Limited-over county matches
| 7
|-
| Limited-over tour matches
| 1
|-
| Women's one-day internationals
| 3
|-
| Women's limited-over county matches
| 1
|-
| Total List A match
| 12
|}
Game Statistics: first-class:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Category
! Information
|-
| The Highest Team Score
| West Indies (534/8dec against MCC) in 2007
|-
| The Lowest Team Score
| Durham UCCE (46 against Nottinghamshire) in 2006
|-
| Best Batting Performance
| Runako Morton (201 Runs for West Indies against MCC in 2007
|-
| Best Bowling Performance
| Simon Brown (7/70 for Durham against Australia) in 1992
|}
Game Statistics: one-day matches:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Category
! Information
|-
| The Highest Team Score
| Surrey (330/6 in 39 overs against Durham) in 1992
|-
| The Lowest Team Score
| Derbyshire (169 in 44 overs against Durham) in 1993
|-
| Best Batting Performance
| Darren Bicknell (125 Runs for Surrey against Durham) in 1992
|-
| Best Bowling Performance
| Neil Lenham (5/28 for Sussex against Durham) in 1993
|}
Other sports facilities
The Racecourse has around of university sports fields. In addition to the cricket ground, these include grass pitches for rugby, football and hockey. The cricket pavilion also houses two fives courts and two squash courts. The Durham Amateur Rowing Club boathouse is located at the east (up stream) end of the Racecourse, while St Cuthbert's Society Boat Club is at the west (down stream) end.
In the eastern part of the Racecourse is Durham City's Green Lane Cricket Ground, which has been used for cricket since at least 1866 and was used by Durham County Cricket Club (then a minor county) in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship in
1899, 1904 and 1975 to 1984, and in the Minor Counties Trophy in 1988 and 1989. It hosted a single List A match for the county in 1979 and has hosted 16 List A matches for Durham Women. There is a bowling green adjacent to Green Lane cricket ground which is used by Durham City Bowling Club.
Durham Miners' Gala
Durham Miners' Gala was first held at the Racecourse in 1872, which was the gala's second edition. All editions of the gala have since been held at the Racecourse. The event is typically held in mid-July, though has on occasions been held in August. The Racecourse is the location of the speeches held at the culmination of the Gala march. At its peak, 250,000 people attended the Gala.
Durham Regatta
Durham Regatta has been held annually at the Racecourse since 1834 and is the second oldest regatta in England. The short (regatta) course starts at the east end of the Racecourse and ends at the west end, while the long (championship) course continues around the city and through Elvet Bridge to finish just before Prebends Bridge.
See also
Maiden Castle sports centre – Durham University's other major sports complex
Riverside Ground – Durham County Cricket Club's current home
References
External links
Cricinfo Website - Ground Page
Cricket grounds in County Durham
Sport at Durham University
Durham University
Sport in Durham, England
Sports venues completed in 1733
Defunct horse racing venues in England
University sports venues in the United Kingdom
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1606.
Events
January? – Sir Thomas Craig becomes church procurator.
February – John Day's satirical play The Isle of Gulls causes a scandal which sends several of the young actors from the Children of the Chapel to prison for short periods.
Spring – Ben Jonson's satirical play Volpone is first performed, by the King's Men at the Globe Theatre in London.
May 27 – The English Parliament passes An Act to Restrain Abuses of Players, tightening censorship controls on public theatre performances, notably in relation to profane oaths.
August 7 – Possible first performance of Shakespeare's Macbeth, with Richard Burbage in the title role, amongst a series of plays presented by the King's Men before Kings James I of England and Christian IV of Denmark (his brother-in-law) at Hampton Court Palace in England.
November 14 – Marc Lescarbot's dramatic poem Théâtre de Neptune is performed at the Habitation at Port-Royal, Nova Scotia, the first theatrical performance in North America.
December 26 (St. Stephen's Day) – Shakespeare's King Lear is performed at Court before King James I of England. The title role is played by Richard Burbage and the Fool by Robert Armin.
New books
Prose
Thomas Dekker
The Double PP
News From Hell
Salvator Fabris – Lo Schermo, overo Scienza D'Arme
Philemon Holland – The Historie of Twelve Caesars, a translation of Suetonius's De vita Caesarum
Drama
Anonymous (published)
The Returne from Pernassus, or The Scourge of Simony
Wily Beguiled
Anonymous (probably Thomas Middleton) – The Revenger's Tragedy
George Chapman
Sir Giles Goosecap (attributed; published)
The Gentleman Usher (published)
Monsieur D'Olive (published)
John Day – The Isle of Gulls
Lope de Vega
El anzuelo de Fenisa (Fenisa's Hook)
El gran duque de Moscovia
Ben Jonson
Volpone
Hymenaei
John Marston
The Wonder of Women, or the Tragedy of Sophonisba
Parasitaster, or The Fawn (published)
Thomas Middleton (attributed) – The Puritan, or, The Widow of Watling-Street (probable date)
William Shakespeare
Macbeth (possible first performance)
King Lear (first recorded performance)
Edward Sharpham – The Fleir
Poetry
Hieronim Morsztyn – Światowa Rozkosz (Worldly Pleasure)
Jean Passerat (posthumous) – Recueil des œuvres poétiques
Births
February 28 – William Davenant, English poet and dramatist (died 1668)
March 3 – Edmund Waller, English poet (died 1687)
May 12 – Joachim von Sandrart, German art historian (died 1688)
June 6 – Pierre Corneille, French dramatist (died 1684)
Unknown dates
Pierre du Ryer, French dramatist (died 1658)
Junije Palmotić, Ragusan dramatist and poet (died 1657)
Deaths
May 13 (burial) – Arthur Golding, English translator (born c. 1536)
May 17 – Niccolò Orlandini, Italian Jesuit writer (born 1554)
May 30 – Guru Arjan, Sikh Guru and compiler of scriptures (in custody, born 1563)
September 28 – Nicolaus Taurellus, German philosopher and theologian (born 1547)
October 5 – Philippe Desportes, French poet (born 1546)
November 13 – Girolamo Mercuriale, Italian philologist and medical writer (born 1530)
November 20 (burial) – John Lyly, English dramatist, poet and novelist (born c. 1553)
November 22 – Sir Henry Billingsley, English translator (birth year unknown)
Unknown date – Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer – Dutch cartographer (born 1533/1534)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The East Somerset Railway is a heritage railway in Somerset, running between Cranmore and Mendip Vale. Prior to the Beeching Axe, the railway was once part of the former Cheddar Valley line that ran from Witham to Yatton, meeting the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway at Wells.
History
The East Somerset Railway Company was incorporated under the East Somerset Railway Act on 5 June 1856 and was built as a broad gauge line. The line was originally between Witham railway station and Shepton Mallet and this line opened on 9 November 1858. It was planned by Mr. Brunel and built by engineer Mr. Ward and contractor Mr. Brotherwood. The station buildings at Shepton and Witham Friary, as well as the bridges along the route, were constructed of Inferior Oolite from nearby Doulting Stone Quarry. Shepton was now from London by rail, a journey of just over four hours.
Four years later the line was extended to Wells; this part of the line was opened on 1 March 1862. The East Somerset Railway was bought by the Great Western Railway on 2 December 1874, shortly after it was converted to .
In 1878, the GWR joined the East Somerset line with the Cheddar Valley line to Wells, which had been built by the Bristol and Exeter Railway, by obtaining running rights over a section of the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway and running its trains through the S&DJR Wells station at Priory Road, though GWR trains did not stop at Priory Road until 1934. At this stage, the main traffic became the through trains from Yatton to Witham and the East Somerset Railway station in Wells closed, with Wells (Tucker Street) becoming the station for the city on the line. The Yatton to Witham service remained in use with the GWR and later BR until passenger service finally ceased in 1963 as a result of the Beeching Axe, however trains carrying bitumen continued until 1985.
Preservation
In 1971/72, the artist David Shepherd came across, viewed and later purchased Cranmore station and a section of the track to house and run their two locomotives; the BR 2-10-0 Class 9F No. 92203 "Black Prince" and BR Standard 4 4-6-0 No. 75029 'The Green Knight'. In 1973, the line opened offering Brake Van rides before extending first to Merryfield Lane in 1980 (operating from Cranmore West), then to Mendip Vale and finally into Cranmore station itself in 1985.
Today the railway plays host to a variety of preserved diesel and steam locomotives.
The East Somerset Railway only operates the line between Cranmore, Cranmore West, Merryfield Lane Halt and Mendip Vale. Between the last two sections, the railway runs through the Doulting Railway Cutting Site of Special Scientific Interest. The section between Cranmore and the mainline is used for heavy quarry traffic to the nearby Merehead Quarry.
In 1991, a new station building was constructed at Cranmore which now includes a cafe, booking office, gift shop and toilets. The platform then extends to the old station which is now a museum. On the platform is an old K4 red telephone box which incorporates a stamp machine and post box. It was made around 1927 and is one of only 50 made to that design. Opposite the platform is a signal box dating from 1904 and is the standard GWR pattern of the period. Close to Cranmore station are the engine sheds and workshop (known together as Cranmore Shed) which were built in 1973, (during the preserved line's restoration at the time).
Cranmore Traincare and Maintenance and Services (CTMS) was set up in 1995 at the Cranmore base of the ESR. They carry out professional repairs to carriages and bodywork overhauls on Diesel Locomotives. CTMS is based opposite the ESR loco workshop in a separate preservation era shed.
An order by the Secretary of State for Transport in 2005 allowed a further 660 yards (600 metres) of track to be used.
On 25 March 2007, the East Somerset Railway announced that it had received a £7,500 grant from Shepton 21 Group, a local organisation, set up to regenerate the area around Shepton Mallet. The money was to be spent on conducting a feasibility study into extending the line towards Shepton Mallet, with a possible new terminus at Cannards Grave, on the outskirts of Shepton Mallet.
In recent years the ESR has gained a reputation for restorations and overhauls at its Cranmore headquarters. In 2014, LMS Ivatt Class 2 No. 46447 was restored to working order from scrapyard condition, being followed by LMS Ivatt Class 2 2-6-2T No. 41313 in 2017 for the Isle of Wight Steam Railway. GWR 5205 Class No. 5239 Goliath was completed for the Dartmouth Steam Railway in November 2019. The railway has subsequently begun restoring GWR 5101 class No. 4110 in January 2020. This loco is also owned by the Dartmouth Steam Railway. This will be followed by a second GWR 2-8-0 tank No. 4247 which is also destined for long term operation on the Dartmouth Steam Railway.
Events
The railway hosts several events throughout the year
"Dining Trains"
"Family Days"
Santa Special trains
"The Way We Were" days
"Steam Gala"
"Spooky Specials"
"Paw Patrol", "Tractor Ted" and "The Gruffalo" days
Locomotives
Operational steam locomotives
Steam locomotives under overhaul
Former resident locomotives include 56xx 5637, 9F 92203 "Black Prince", Standard 4MT 75029 "The Green Knight", Standard 4MT 76017, GWR Castle 5029 "Nunney Castle", SR Westcountry 34027 'Taw Valley', SR Westcountry 34105 'Swanage', SR S15 828, GWR Manor 7822 'Foxcote Manor', GWR 14xx 1450, LBSCR E1 110, LMS 3F 47493, NER J72 69023 'Joem' and GNR J52 68846.
Diesel Traction
The ESR is host to a Class 108 DMU as well as a fleet of Sentinel shunting locomotives, these are listed below:
Features
References
Further reading
External links
Heritage railways in Somerset
7 ft gauge railways
Railway companies established in 1856
Railway lines opened in 1858
Railway companies disestablished in 1874
Museums in Somerset
Railway museums in England
Rail transport in Somerset
British companies established in 1856
British companies disestablished in 1874
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1665.
Events
January 5 – Journal des sçavans, the first scientific journal, begins publication in France.
February 15 – Molière's comedy Dom Juan is first presented, at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal (rue Saint-Honoré) in Paris, in its original prose version with the playwright playing Sganarelle; it is withdrawn after 15 performances after attacks on its morality.
March – Fifteen-year-old Nell Gwyn makes their first firmly recorded appearance on the London stage, in John Dryden's heroic drama The Indian Emperour, playing Cydaria, daughter of Montezuma and love interest to Cortez (played by their real-life lover and acting coach Charles Hart). Hitherto they have been a theatre orange-seller. Them performance is poor.
March 6 – The Royal Society of London's Philosophical Transactions begins publication as the first scientific journal in English and the oldest to be continuously published.
March 16 – Royalist William Cavendish is created Duke of Newcastle. Their wife Margaret Cavendish becomes duchess.
Spring – An early version of the satirical play The Rehearsal, by George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham, is prepared for production, but cancelled due to the Great Plague of London. In this version, the hero, Bilboa, mocks Sir Robert Howard. When the play is finally staged in 1672, changed conditions inspire a revision and "Bilboa" is replaced by "Bayes," a figure inspired by John Dryden.
April 17 – Roger de Rabutin, Comte de Bussy, elected this year to the Académie française, begins a year's imprisonment in the Bastille for besmirching the reputation of ladies of the French Court in Histoire amoureuse des Gaules.
May – Nell Gwyn appears opposite Charles Hart in James Howard's Restoration comedy All Mistaken, or the Mad Couple.
August 27 – Ye Bare & Ye Cubbe, the first play in English in the American colonies, is performed in Pungoteague, Virginia.
September 22 – Molière's comedy L'Amour médecin ("Love, the doctor") is first presented, before Louis XIV of France at the Palace of Versailles with music by Jean-Baptiste Lully.
November 7 – The London Gazette is first published, under the title The Oxford Gazette.
December 4 – Jean Racine's tragedy Alexandre le Grand is premièred by Molière's troupe at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal (rue Saint-Honoré) in Paris. Eleven days later, Racine moves it to the Comédiens du Roi at the Hôtel de Bourgogne, causing a rift with Molière.
New books
Prose
John Bunyan
The End of the World, The Resurrection of the Dead and Eternal Judgment
The Holy City or the New Jerusalem
Richard Head – The English Rogue described in the life of Meriton Latroon, a witty extravagant comprehending a compleat history of the most eminent cheats of both sexes
Robert Hooke – Micrographia
Drama
John Crowne – Pandion and Amphigenia
John Dryden – The Indian Emperour
Sir Robert Howard – Four New Plays, including The Committee; Or, The Faithful Irishman
Molière
Dom Juan
L'Amour médecin
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – Mustapha
Jean Racine – Alexandre le Grand
Poetry
Miguel de Barrios – Flor de Apolo
Jean de La Fontaine – Contes et nouvelles en vers
Francisco Manuel de Melo – Obras métricas
Births
May 1 – John Woodward, English naturalist and antiquary (died 1728)
July 2 – Samuel Penhallow English-born American historian and chief justice (died 1726)
December 25 – Lady Grizel Baillie, Scottish songwriter (died 1746)
unknown date – Charles Gildon, English popular biographer and translator (died 1724)
probable – William Melmoth the Elder, English devotional writer and lawyer (died 1743)
Deaths
April 21 – Jean-Joseph Surin, French devotional writer (born 1600)
July 11 – Sir Kenelm Digby, English courtier, diplomat and national philosopher (born 1603)
July 28 – Louis Giry, French lawyer, translator and writer (born 1595)
September 12 – Jean Bolland, Dutch hagiographer (born 1596)
November/December – William Caton, English Quaker preacher and writer (born 1636)
December – John Ellis, Welsh religious writer (born c.1598)
December 2 – Catherine de Vivonne, marquise de Rambouillet, literary hostess (born 1589)
unknown date – Bucherius, French Jesuit and chronological scholar (born 1576)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Northcliff High School, commonly known as Northcliff High, is a public English medium co-educational high school located in the suburb of Blackheath in Johannesburg in the Gauteng province of South Africa. It is one of the top and most academic schools in Gauteng. The high school was established in 1969.
Location
The school is located on Mountain View Drive, at the bottom of Northcliff Hill.
Sporting
Northcliff High has won the A-League Inter-High Athletics competition for 22 consecutive years, from 1997 - 2018.
In 2015, construction of an astroturf hockey field started. At the time, the school was the only government school in the area to own one.
A bear was the First Rugby team mascot in 1973. It featured in every First Rugby team photo until 1987. In 2018 the mascot was returned to the school by the 1990 First Rugby team Captain.
Northcliff won the A-league inter-high gala several times.
Controversy
In June 2017, Northcliff High was embroiled in a religious sensitivity scandal after it required its female Muslim students to carry concession cards in order to wear a head scarf to school. It was claimed that this was to make sure that the uniform rules were upheld.</ref>
Transformation
According to a Sunday Times investigative report, Northcliff was named as Gauteng's least representative school staff-wise, with its academic staff consisting of 96% white staff members. The figures for Northcliff High School were according to teaching staff lists and photos on the school's website as the school refused to reveal its numbers to the press.
Past and present heads of school
The following have been the heads of the school:
Mr Ged Dickerson (1969 - 1986)
Mr Peter Cawdry (1986 - 1997)
Mr David Klein (1997 - 2002)
Mrs Samantha Jandersen (2002-2002)
Mr Walter Essex-Clark (2003 - date)
Notable alumni
Shane Burger - Scotland international cricket coach
Connell Cruise - Singer-songwriter
Clive Eksteen - South African international cricket player
Neville Godwin - Professional tennis player and coach
Darrien Landsberg - Professional Rugby Player
Sean Roberts - Professional football player
Jonathan Roxmouth - Stage actor
Max Sorensen - Irish international cricket player
Byron Talbot - Professional tennis player and Wimbledon doubles contestant
Emmanuel Tshituka - Professional Rugby Player
Vincent Tshituka - Professional Rugby Player
Sharne Wehmeyer - South African international field hockey player
References
External links
Northcliff High School
Schools in Gauteng
The Boyer South River (in French: rivière Boyer Sud) is a tributary of the Boyer River, which flows northeast and empties on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. The South Boyer River crosses the municipalities of Honfleur, Saint-Gervais, Saint-Henri and Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse, in the Bellechasse Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the South Boyer River are:
north side: Boyer North River, Boyer River, rivière à la Scie, St. Lawrence River;
east side: Boyer River, Leblond stream, Bras Saint-Michel, rivière du Moulin (Bras Saint-Michel);
south side: Etchemin River, Boyer North River;
west side: Etchemin River.
The Boyer Sud river has its source in an agricultural zone on the north side of the village of Honfleur, in the 3e rang East, between the third rang East road and the path "la Petite 3e".
From its source, the South Boyer River flows on , with a drop of , according to the following segments:
north into Honfleur, to the limit of Saint-Gervais;
north, up to chemin du 2e rang West;
west, then north-west, to chemin du 1er rang West;
westward, up to the limit of Saint-Gervais and Saint-Henri;
north, to Chemin de la Grande-Grillade;
northeasterly, up to Chemin Saint-Félix which forms the boundary between Saint-Henri and Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse;
northeasterly, to its confluence with the Boyer North River, which constitutes the head of the Boyer River.
The confluence of the Boyer South river is located on the northwest side of rang Sud-Ouest road, in Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse. This confluence is located at west of the village of Saint-Gervais, south of the village of Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse and east of the village of Saint-Henri.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière Boyer Sud was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
References
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Juang may refer to:
the Juang people
the Juang language
Nerea Barjola Ramos is a Spanish social scientist and feminist activist.  They are known for analysing the media coverage of the Alcàsser Case as a reaction to feminist activity in Spain in early 1990s, arguing that it responded to recent gains of the feminist movement by portraying them as inherently connected to violence against women.
Life and career
Barjola studied Political Science and Administrative Studies at the University of the Basque Country. They then pursued equity studies at the National University of Distance Education. They obtained a doctorate in Feminist and Gender Studies at the University of the Basque Country in 2014, with a thesis entitled Las representaciones del peligro sexual y su influencia en las prácticas de las mujeres a partir del crimen sexual de Alcásser (1992) (The representations of sexual danger and its influence on the practices of women from the sexual crime of Alcásser, 1992).
Barjola's doctoral thesis re-examined the Alcàsser Case, which was the sensational murder of three young women in 1992 that made a substantial impact on Spanish popular culture, from the perspective of Spanish feminist activity in the 1990s. Specifically, they argued that the sensationalism of the murders, and the way that they were portrayed in mass media, served as a reaction against the burgeoning feminist movement of 1990s Spain, providing a rationale for pushback against the increasing prominence of women in Spanish public life. In 2018, they continued this line of research in their book Microfísica sexista del poder. El caso Alcàsser y la construcción del terror sexual (Sexist microphysics of power: The Alcàsser case and the construction of sexual terror). In Microfísica sexista del poder, Barjola casts prominent coverage of the Alcàsser Case as an example of victim blaming, in which the fact that the three victims were out late partying was treated as an explanation for their murder, and the lucky decision of a fourth woman to stay home was used as a moral tale to discourage women's freedom. They argue that the sensational coverage of the murders affected the attitudes and behaviours of a generation of Spanish women, by portraying sexual terror as a logical consequence of the advances of the Spanish feminist movement in areas like freedom of movement and bodily autonomy.
More broadly, Barjola has argued that a certain amount of sexual violence is explicitly permitted in the political system, because it serves a purpose for scaring away challenges to the structure of society.
References
Living people
Spanish political scientists
Women political scientists
Spanish feminist writers
Spanish feminists
Spanish non-fiction writers
Spanish women writers
21st-century non-fiction writers
University of the Basque Country alumni
Basque writers
Basque women
People from Santurtzi
1980 births
National University of Distance Education alumni
A chartaque (, from chahartaq, literally "having four arches"; in , in ) is a watchtower and important element of the fortification systems in the time of the Ottoman Empire.
Construction
The original form, to which the name relates, was built of four logs, but over time chartaques were built in different sizes depending on the number of defending units. Fundamentally they were places of observation and defence. A characteristic structural feature of chartaques is that they consisted of a lookout tower with a palisade around the base. Other defensive works such as schanzen, abatis, ramparts and ditches were often built in the vicinity as additional protection against an enemy.
The construction of a chartaque was an operation that lasted several weeks. In 1706, during the time of the Kuruc wars, precise details are known about the fortifications of the Kuruc schanzen in eastern Styria. For one four-man chartaque, thus a relatively small one (there were also chartaques for up to 20 men), which was to be built in Goritz bei Radkersburg, about three kilometres north of the town of Radkersburg, the following was assessed to be needed: 20 workers (socagers from the surrounding villages), eight log posts each of three fathoms (ca. 18 feet long), 24 logs for beams and wall benches, 18 logs for the upper and lower floors, 25 battens, 75 wide boards, 400 batten nails, 1,000 shingle nails, 67 carts and, as for tradesmen, master carpenter: 18 man days and carpenter's apprentices: 54 man days. Such a chartaque came at a cost of 28 guilders and 24 kreuzers (plus the "free" socage). For two or three chartaques an overseer was appointed in addition to the crews of each chartaque. For the rebuilding of another chartaque which was burned down to its supporting posts, the cost was estimated at 30 guilders. There were also chartaques that were additionally protected by a small redoubt (redutierte Tschartaken), the redoubt costing an estimated 40 guilders. For larger chartaques for 12-15 men, 32 construction-quality logs (Stubenbäume), six rafter logs (Gesparrbäume), four complete trees for the posts, 75 standard boards and 1,500 batten nails were needed.
History
The Ottomans took over these installations from their eastern neighbours, the Persians, who had long been their enemies, and used the idea against their western enemies. Thus chartaques found their way to the Styrian-Hungarian border area and were adopted, in turn, by their opponents.
At first they were built by the Styrians and Lower Austrians as part of their defence against the Ottomans and later strengthened to defend their lands against the Kurucs. Chartaques were usually erected in lines in order to be able to relay warning shots and other visual and audible messages. Depending on the state of the terrain, they might be arranged at intervals of about one to three kilometres. They were supporting elements of defensive lines. For example, between Radkersburg and Fehring, a distance of about 27 kilometres as the crow flies, 13 chartaques were built, and between Fehring and Fürstenfeld from the Raab valley to the Lafnitz valley, a distance of about 15 kilometres, 18-19 chartaques were erected. The description of these military installations has survived to the present day. They were also installed as part of the Baroque lines of fortification in southwest Germany, where they were also called chartaques.
Today only a very few chartaques have survived. In several places, however, they have been faithfully reconstructed. For example, in Burgau in 1995, a chartaque was reconstructed on the Lafnitz, once the border river between Austria and Hungary. Other reconstructions are found on the Eppingen Lines.
See also
Blockhouse
References
External links
Fortified towers by type
Alarms
Bel Ami is a British five part television costume drama based on the 1885 French novel Bel-Ami by Guy de Maupassant. It aired in 1971 on BBC 2. The series starred Robin Ellis as Georges Duroy, John Bryans as Monsieur Walter, Margaret Courtenay as Madame Walter, Elvi Hale as Clotilde de Marelle, Garfield Morgan as Jacques Rivat, Suzanne Neve as Madeleine Forestier, and Maurice Quick as Duroy's manservant. British television historian Claire Monk wrote, "BBC Two's five-part Bel Ami indicatively exhibited the sexual attitudes of its time in its makers' insistence that the story of penniless opportunist Georges Duroy— a social outsider in Parisian society who ruthlessly uses sex to pursue their ambitions— as basically a comedy with the charms of a fantasy world."
References
Externsl links
British drama television series
Works based on Bel-Ami
Imma hyphantis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are fuscous with fine ochreous-yellow lines beneath the costa from the base to near the middle and on the submedian fold from near the base to beyond the middle. There is a small ochreous-yellow spot in the disc at one-third and an irregular ill-defined ochreous-yellow line from a small spot on the middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum, obsoletely interrupted above and below the middle. Between this and the termen, all veins are marked with extremely fine pale yellowish lines, between which are some shorter pale ochreous-yellowish fine interneural streaks. An ochreous-yellow line is found around the apex and termen, thickened around the apex, edged by a dark fuscous marginal line. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Héracles Paiva Aguiar (born September 18, 1992), better known as Héracles, is a retired Brazilian footballer. They most recently played for Ypiranga as a left back.
Career
They started their career at Atlético Paranaense in 2010, before moving to Avaí in 2013. They were signed by Ceará in 2015.
Career statistics
(Correct )
References
External links
Héracles at ogol.com
1992 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Avaí FC players
Ceará Sporting Club players
Association football fullbacks
Sportspeople from Ceará
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Citizens of Portugal through descent
CSS Tennessee was a casemate ironclad ram built for the Confederate Navy during the American Civil War. They served as the flagship of Admiral Franklin Buchanan (who would later be captured in the same ship), commander of the Mobile Squadron, after their commissioning. They were captured in 1864 by the Union Navy during the Battle of Mobile Bay and then participated in the Union's subsequent Siege of Fort Morgan. Tennessee was decommissioned after the war and sold in 1867 for scrap.
Design, description and construction
Tennessee was built at Selma, Alabama, where they were commissioned on February 16, 1864. towed them to Mobile, where they were fitted out.
Tennessee was laid down in October 1862, hull and other woodwork turned out by Henry D. Bassett, who launched them the following February, ready for towing to Mobile to be engined and armed. Them steam plant came from the steamer . Them casemate design differed materially from and , but iron plate was the same 2 by 10 in (50 by 250 mm) as used on and triple thickness instead of double; their iron plate was made by the Shelby Iron Company in Shelby, Alabama. A fearsome detail of their defensive armament was a "hot water attachment to their boilers for repelling boarders, throwing one water stream from forward of the casemate and one aft."
The vicissitudes implicit in creating such an ironclad are graphically conveyed by Admiral Franklin Buchanan, writing September 20, 1863 to Confederate Navy Secretary Stephen Mallory:
The work on the Tennessee has progressed for some weeks past, under Mr. Pierce, as fast as the means in their power would permit. There is much delay for want of plate and bolt iron. It was impossible to iron both sponsons at the same time, as the vessel had to be careened several feet to enable them to put the iron on. Even then several of the workmen were waist deep in the water to accomplish it — to careen her, large beams 12 feet (3.7 m) square had to be run out of their posts and secured, on which several tons of iron had to be placed, and during the progress of putting on the sponson iron the shield iron could not be put on. The work has been carried on night and day when it could be done advantageously. I visited the Nashville and Tennessee frequently and, to secure and control the services of the mechanics, I have had them all conscripted and detailed to work under my orders. Previously, they were very independent and stopped working when they pleased.
(Joseph Pierce, referred to above, was Acting Naval Constructor in the Mobile area.)
Tennessee became flagship of Admiral Buchanan, and served gallantly in action in the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864. On that morning Tennessee and wooden gunboats , , and , steamed into combat against Admiral David G. Farragut's powerful fleet of four ironclad monitors and 14 wooden steamers. Unable to ram the Union ships because of their superior speed, Tennessee delivered a vigorous fire on the Federals at close range. The Confederate gunboats were sunk or dispersed. Farragut's fleet steamed up into the bay and anchored. Buchanan might have held Tennessee under the fort's protection but steamed after the Federal fleet and engaged despite overwhelming odds. The ram became the target for the entire Union fleet. Tennessee was rammed by several ships, and their vulnerable steering chains (which, oddly, lay in exposed trenches on the after deck) were carried away by the heavy gunfire. Unable to maneuver, Tennessee was battered repeatedly by heavy solid shot from their adversaries. With two of their men killed, Admiral Buchanan and eight others wounded, and increasingly severe damage being inflicted on her, Tennessee was forced to surrender.
USS Tennessee
Immediately following their capture and repair, Tennessee was commissioned in the United States Navy, Acting Volunteer Lieutenant Pierre Giraud in command. The ironclad participated in the Federal assault on Fort Morgan on August 23 which resulted in the fort's capitulation that same day. That autumn, they moved from Mobile, Alabama, to New Orleans, Louisiana, for repairs before joining the Mississippi Squadron. They served on the Mississippi River through the end of the war in April 1865 and briefly thereafter. On August 19, 1865, Tennessee was placed out of commission and was laid up at New Orleans. There, they remained until November 27, 1867, when they were sold at auction to J. F. Armstrong for scrapping. Though the remainder of the vessel was scrapped, two 7-inch Brooke rifles and two 6.4-inch Brooke rifles were preserved and are still on display in the Old weapons exhibit in East Willard Park at the Washington Navy Yard, Washington, D.C. One of their 6.4-inch (160 mm) double-banded Brooke rifled cannon is on display at the headquarters of the Commander-in-Chief U. S. Atlantic Command at the Norfolk, Virginia, Naval base. One of their 7-inch Brooke rifles is on display at the city hall of Selma, Alabama, where it was cast.
See also
List of captured ships in the American Civil War
Bibliography of American Civil War naval history
Notes
References
External links
- Photos of CSS Tennessee
Ironclad warships of the Confederate States Navy
Ships of the Union Navy
Ships built in Selma, Alabama
1863 ships
Vessels captured by the United States Navy
Stephanus Franszouis du Toit, known as Fanie du Toit, is a South African politician who has been serving as a permanent delegate to the National Council of Provinces since May 2019. Du Toit is a member of the North West provincial delegation and a party member of the Freedom Front Plus.
Parliamentary career
Du Toit is a member of the Freedom Front Plus. Following the election on 8 May 2019, they were sworn in as an MP on 23 May 2019.  They are one of two permanent FF Plus representatives in the National Council of Provinces. Du Toit is a member of the North West delegation.
Committee assignments
They were named to the following committees on 24 June. They are:
Select Committee on Appropriations
Select Committee on Finance
Select Committee on Land Reform, Environment, Mineral Resources and Energy
Select Committee on Public Enterprises and Communication
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Afrikaner people
People from North West (South African province)
Members of the National Council of Provinces
Freedom Front Plus politicians
21st-century South African politicians
The Association of Concerned Africa Scholars (ACAS) is a US group of Africanist academics, founded in 1978, with co-chairs from the African Studies Association (ASA) and the African Heritage Studies Association (AHSA) for at least the first ten years.
It opposed the CIA's support for the Angolan Civil War and Ronald Reagan's policy towards Africa, in particular the policy of constructive engagement towards the South African regime. In the 1990s the Association led opposition to the Boren Bill.
The Association's papers are held at the African Activist Archive at Michigan State University.
See also
Committee of Concerned Asian Scholars
References
External links
Official website
Organizations established in 1977
Political advocacy groups in the United States
African studies
Foreign policy political advocacy groups in the United States
T.A Ahmed Kaber was a member of 16th Kerala Legislative Assembly. They were a member of Indian Union Muslim League and represents Mankada constituency. They were previously elected to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 2011 representing Mankada constituency.
Positions held
General Secretary, District Committee, M.S.F. (1972)
Member, Muslim Youth League First State Council (1973)
Treasurer (1975), Secretary (1982) and General Secretary (1983) of Muslim Youth League State Committee
President, Muslim Youth League District Committee, Ernakulam (1975)
President and General Secretary of Muslim League Ernakulam District Committee
President, KSTEO, STU District Committee, Ernakulam
Chairman, Quaide Mullath Foundation, SIDCO, UEL, Kollam, KEL
Vice President, KMEA
Resident Editor, Chandrika daily (Kochi Edition)
Editor, Sargadhara Magazine
Secretary, State Muslim League Committee
Member, Ernakulam District Council
Syndicate Member, Mahatma Gandhi University; CUSAT
Executive Member, Samastha Kerala Sahithya Parishath and Kerala History Association
Secretary, State Muslim League Committee (present)
Executive Member, Indian Union Muslim League All Indian Committee (present)
Personal life
 They are the son of pa abdul kahader and haleema They were born at Ernakulkam on 11 May 1945. They have a master's degree in arts.
References
1955 births
Living people
Members of the Kerala Legislative Assembly
Indian Union Muslim League politicians
CAOBISCO is the Association of Chocolate, Biscuits and Confectionery ( industries of Europe. Created in 1959 in Paris, the association has been based in Brussels since 1985.
CAOBISCO's role is to facilitate the understanding of European decision-makers and stakeholders on the role played by European chocolate, biscuit, and confectionery manufacturers and products in the European economy. It also acts as a platform of dialogue and communication with European institutions in terms of scientific and regulatory matters, as well as economic and sustainability issues. CAOBISCO members include national associations in Europe as well as direct member companies.
Activities
Areas of activities include:
Reforms of the Common Agricultural Policy
Security of quality raw materials supplies
Trade liberalisation, including tariff and non-tariff barriers
Responsible and sustainable raw materials sourcing
Productivity and quality improvements
Food law
Food safety
References
External links
International Labour Organisation
CEN (European Committee for Standardization)
FoodDrinkEurope
Sustainable Cocoa Initiative
Chococlic
International organisations based in Belgium
Organizations established in 1959
1959 establishments in France
Organisations based in Brussels
Chocolate organizations
Business organizations based in Europe
Edward Beatty may refer to:
Edward Wentworth Beatty (1877–1943), Canadian lawyer, university chancellor, and business person
Ed Beatty (1932–2008), American football player
Ned Beatty (1937–2021), American actor
See also
Edward Beattie (born 1934), Canadian boxer
District 32 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes all of Clatsop County and portions of Tillamook and Washington counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Suzanne Weber of Tillamook.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clatsop County, Oregon
Tillamook County, Oregon
Washington County, Oregon
The Northern Beaches Council is a local government area located in the Northern Beaches region of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. The council was formed on 12 May 2016 after the amalgamation of Manly, Pittwater and Warringah Councils.
The Council comprises an area of and as at the had an estimated population of 263,554, making it the fourth most populous local government area in New South Wales.
The inaugural Mayor of the Northern Beaches Council is Cr. Michael Regan, of the Northern Beaches Independent Team, who was first elected on 26 September 2017.
Suburbs and localities
The following suburbs are located within Northern Beaches Council:
The following localities are located within Northern Beaches Council:
Demographics
At the , there were people in the Northern Beaches local government area; of these 48.9 per cent were male and 51.1 per cent were female. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 0.6 per cent of the population; the NSW and Australian averages are 3.4 and 3.2 per cent respectively. The median age of people in Northern Beaches Council was 41 years; the national median is 38 years. Children aged 0 – 14 years made up 18.5 per cent of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 18.2 per cent of the population. Of people in the area aged 15 years and over, 50.8 per cent were married and 37.6 per cent were not married.
At the 2021 census, 31.1% of residents stated their ancestry as Australian. 51.1% nominated a religious affiliation with Christianity, 19.7% of households speak a non-English language at home; the national average is 24.8 per cent. 81% of households only speak English at home; the national average is 72 per cent.
Council composition
The head of the Northern Beaches Council from the proclamation was Administrator Dick Persson , who remained in office until the election of the new mayor on 26 September 2017. The first meeting of the Northern Beaches Council was held at Manly Town Hall on 19 May 2016 and from then until September 2017, the monthly council meetings cycled between the three former council chambers: Mona Vale Memorial Hall, Warringah Civic Centre in Dee Why and Manly Town Hall. Since September 2017, council meetings are held at the Civic Centre in Dee Why.
Officeholders
Current composition
The Northern Beaches Council comprises fifteen Councillors elected proportionally, with three Councillors elected in five wards. The Mayor is elected biennially by the councillors at the first meeting. The Deputy Mayor is elected annually. The most recent election was held on 4 December 2021 for a fixed three-year term of office, and the makeup of the council by order of election is as follows:
History
Early history
The traditional Aboriginal inhabitants of the land now known as the Northern Beaches were among the estimated two dozen clans around Sydney Harbour of the Dharug language group. These included the Kayamaygal and the Birrabirragal around what is now Manly to the Garigal further north and around Pittwater, peoples of the Eora nation. Within a few years of European colonisation, between 60 to 90 percent of the Indigenous peoples around Port Jackson succumbed to the deadly smallpox contagion of 1789, which some historians believe may have been deliberately introduced via infected blankets. Much evidence of their habitation remains especially their rock etchings in Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park which borders northern beaches's north-western side. The northern beaches region was explored early on in the settlement of Sydney, only a few weeks after the arrival of the First Fleet. However, it remained a rural area for most of the 19th and early 20th centuries, with only small settlements in the valleys between headlands. While it was geographically close to the city centre, to reach the area over land from Sydney via Mona Vale Road was a trip of more than .
Local government history
The Municipality of Manly was first incorporated on 6 January 1877, being the first local government authority on the Northern Beaches. On 7 March 1906, the Warringah Shire was proclaimed by the NSW Government Gazette, along with 132 other new Shires. It ran roughly from Broken Bay in the north to Manly Lagoon to the south, and by Middle Harbour Creek and Cowan Creek in the west. It covered and had a population of around 2800, with 700 dwellings. From 1951 to 1980, the Mackellar County Council operated on the Northern Beaches as an electricity and gas supplier and retailer as a joint operation of Manly Municipal Council and Warringah Shire Council. Amalgamation of Manly and Warringah councils to form one council for the Northern Beaches was recommended in the final report of the 1945–46 Clancy Royal Commission on Local Government Boundaries, but was not proceeded with in the act passed in 1948.
On 2 May 1992, The Governor of New South Wales proclaimed the establishment of the Municipality of Pittwater, the area of which roughly followed the area formerly known as 'A' Riding of the Warringah Shire. On 1 July 1993, with the enactment of a new Local Government Act 1993, the municipalities of Manly and Pittwater were renamed "Manly Council" and "Pittwater Council" and Warringah Shire Council became "Warringah Council".
Establishment of Northern Beaches Council
In 2015 a review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended that Manly, Pittwater and Warringah merge to form one single council. The government eventually considered three proposals. The first proposed a merger of Manly and Mosman councils and parts of Warringah to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 153,000. The second proposed a merger of Pittwater Council and parts of Warringah to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 141,000.
The third proposal, submitted by Warringah Council on 23 February 2016, was for an amalgamation of the Pittwater, Manly and Warringah councils. Of the 44,919 submissions lodged to the Boundaries Commission about all the local government proposals statewide, 29,189 were from Northern Beaches residents (18,977 were submitted for the third proposal); this meant that the Northern Beaches proposals made up 65% of all submissions. Former Warringah mayor, Michael Regan, noted to the Manly Daily that this was an indication of the level of interest in the Northern Beaches over the future of their local government: "given the choice of splitting the northern beaches or uniting it the community opted for unity", while former Manly mayor, Jean Hay, commented that this interest translated into the final result: "Everyone is passionate about the area and we came out and let the powers-that-be know, [...] It must have made an impact because the minister and the premier looked at what the community told them and it was the majority decision to go with a single council."
On 12 May 2016, with the release of the Local Government (Council Amalgamations) Proclamation 2016, the Northern Beaches Council was formed from Manly, Pittwater and Warringah councils. The first meeting of the Northern Beaches Council was held at Manly Town Hall on 19 May 2016. Several advisory committees were established at the council's first meeting to advise the administrator and the council on implementation matters, composed of former councillors and mayors of the three councils. These included Manly Mayor Jean Hay as Chair of the Implementation Advisory Group and Chair of the Social Committee, Warringah Mayor Michael Regan as Chair of the Economic Committee and Pittwater Deputy Mayor Kylie Ferguson as Chair of the Environment Committee.
Heritage listings
The Northern Beaches Council has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
In Avalon
32 Plateau Road: Walter Burley Griffin Lodge
111 Whale Beach Road: Loggan Rock
In Balgowlah
83 Griffiths Street: Balgowlah Substation
In Clareville
62 Chisholm Road: Hy Brasil (house)
In Currawong Beach
Currawong Workers' Holiday Camp
In Killarney Heights
Bantry Bay Explosives Depot
In Manly
151 Darley Road: St Patrick's Seminary
North Head Scenic Drive: North Head Quarantine Station
West Esplanade: Manly Cove Pavilion
West Esplanade: Manly Wharf
34a-36 Whistler Street: Manly Substation
In Manly Vale
near King Street: Manly Dam
In Palm Beach
Barrenjoey Headland: Barrenjoey Head Lighthouse
Council logo
In July 2017 the new council logo was unveiled by CEO Mark Ferguson at the cost of $320,000: "It was necessary to have something that was a reflection of the Northern Beaches Council looking to the future and having it based on a strong level of community participation." The logo was developed as a result of a consultation process with community groups and council staff to ascertain a representative image for the unified council. The logo takes the form of a stylised wave made up of various images including local flora and fauna such as a humpback whale, a Norfolk pine and cabbage-tree palm, a pelican and a weedy seadragon.
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
List of local government areas in New South Wales
Notes
References
External links
Northern Beaches Council website
2016 establishments in Australia
Local government areas in Sydney
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Waukesha County, Wisconsin. It is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Waukesha County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below may be seen in a map.
There are 154 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another 6 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wisconsin
Listings in neighboring counties: Dodge, Jefferson, Milwaukee, Ozaukee, Racine, Walworth, Washington
References
•
Waukesha
Waukesha County, Wisconsin
Nathan Robert Curtis (born 7 February 1996) is an English footballer who last played for Belper Town as a winger and striker.
Career
Curtis made their senior debut for Bradford City on 18 December 2012 in the FA Cup, appearing as a substitute; they replaced fellow debutant Forrayah Bass during extra time. They were not given a squad number for the 2013–14 season, and they were re-classed by the club as an "Apprentice" for the season. They were released by the club at the end of the 2013–14 season.
In July 2014 they signed for Ossett Town. They moved to Spennymoor Town in 2015, before signing for Harrogate Railway Athletic in February 2016. They then played for Frickley Athletic between August and October 2016, before finishing the 2016–17 season at former club Ossett Town.
They next played for Ossett Albion, moving on to Scarborough Athletic in September 2017, before signing for Goole in March 2018. They began the 2018–19 season at Belper Town. Belper Town announced the departure of Curtis in July 2022.
Career statistics
References
1996 births
Living people
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Ossett Town F.C. players
Spennymoor Town F.C. players
Harrogate Railway Athletic F.C. players
Frickley Athletic F.C. players
Ossett Albion A.F.C. players
Scarborough Athletic F.C. players
Goole A.F.C. players
Belper Town F.C. players
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Khorombeyk (; also known as Khorombak) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 160, in 43 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Stone County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Galena, Stone County, Missouri. It was built in 1920, and is a three-story, Classical Revival style brick building on a concrete foundation. It features two colossal, modified Doric order columns on a recessed wall plane at the second and third stories. It cost $47,600 to complete.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The courthouse is undergoing a $5 million, 14,000 square-foot expansion scheduled to be completed in summer 2019.
References
County courthouses in Missouri
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Neoclassical architecture in Missouri
Government buildings completed in 1920
Buildings and structures in Stone County, Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in Stone County, Missouri
Megalomyrmex modestus is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Known from Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela.
In Costa Rica, M. modestus is found in mature wet forest of the Atlantic slope. Although it occurs at sea level, it is most abundant at middle elevations, 500–800 m. Nests are subterranean and very large. From these nests, inconspicuous covered galleries extend large distances up trees and under liana stems, and workers may be found under epiphyte mats in the canopy. Workers tend Coccoidea under the shelters. Workers are occasionally collected at baits on the forest floor, but in general they are not often seen as exposed foragers.
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1896
Jerome Keith James (born November 17, 1975) is an American former professional basketball player. Originally from Tampa, Florida, James played college basketball at Florida A&M for three seasons and was the national leader in blocks per game in the 1997–98 season, their junior year. James declared for the 1998 NBA Draft after their junior year, and the Sacramento Kings selected James in the second round of the draft. Over the course of their career, they have played for the Kings, Seattle SuperSonics and New York Knicks. They have also played for KK Budućnost Podgorica and the Harlem Globetrotters.
Early life and college years
James was born and raised in the neighborhood of Northview Hills Tampa, Florida, one of ten children. Their father Jessie was a Port Of Tampa longshoreman and their mother Ruth, a Hillsborough County school teacher. After graduating from the Pentecostal Church of God Christian Academy of Winter Haven in 1993, James worked driving delivery trucks for Sunny Florida Dairy and also part-time at a local feed lot in the Tampa Bay Area and learned the meaning of hard work from their father. A friend of James's mother saw James playing pickup basketball at a community center and called Ron Brown, coach of the Florida A&M University Rattlers basketball team. Brown came and saw James's basketball skills and immediately offered James an athletic scholarship to Florida A&M.
James redshirted the 1994–95 season and played for Florida A&M from 1995 to 1998. In an interview with The Seattle Times, James said that meeting Shaquille O'Neal at an Orlando Magic practice inspired them to pursue a professional basketball career. With Florida A&M, James played 81 games with career averages of 16.0 points, 9.2 rebounds, and 4.48 blocks, with 49.5% on field goal attempts. In their junior season (1997–98), James led NCAA Division I basketball with 4.63 blocks per game. James was an All-MEAC selection in their sophomore and junior seasons. One class short of a pre-law degree, James declared for the 1998 NBA Draft after their junior season.
Professional career
Harlem Globetrotters and Sacramento Kings (1998–2000)
The Sacramento Kings selected James in the second round as the 36th overall pick in the 1998 NBA Draft. Due to the NBA lockout, James played for the Harlem Globetrotters in the fall of 1998 in a nine-country tour of Europe. James joined the Kings once the NBA lockout ended in 1999. Playing 16 games for the Kings as a reserve, James averaged 1.5 points and 1.1 rebounds. James sat out the entire season due to a knee injury. The Kings waived James on October 20, 2000.
KK Budućnost and ASVEL Villeurbanne (2000–2001)
For the 2000–01 season, James played 10 games for KK Budućnost of the YUBA League with 12.1 points and 6.7 rebounds per game and was part of the 2001 league championship team. James later signed with ASVEL Basket of the French LNB Pro A. Competing with ASVEL in the LNB playoffs, James averaged 9.5 points, 6.2 rebounds, and 2 blocks.
Seattle SuperSonics (2001–2005)
On September 5, 2001, James returned to the NBA and signed with the Seattle SuperSonics. In the season, James played 56 games with 40 starts and averaged 5.3 points, 4.1 rebounds, and 0.4 steals and scored on 49.1% of field goal attempts. James also led the team in blocks with 86.
James has averaged 4.3 points and 3.1 rebounds per game in 358 career games (180 games started). James played well for the Seattle SuperSonics during the 2005 NBA playoffs, averaging 12.5 points, 6.8 rebounds and 1.8 blocks in 11 games against the Kings and San Antonio Spurs.
New York Knicks (2005–2009)
After the 2004–05 season, James signed a 5-year, $30 million free-agent contract with the Knicks on the strength of an outstanding performance in the 2005 playoffs in which they greatly exceeded their regular-season statistics. They arrived at their first training camp out of shape and in their first season they only averaged 3.1 points and 2.1 rebounds in 9 minutes per game. James missed much of the season due to injury and when they were not injured, they frequently played insignificant minutes. James was suspended on January 2, 2006 for not being prepared to practice.
James is often cited as one of many questionable signings by Knicks general manager Isiah Thomas.  They are also sometimes cited as an example of the "contract year phenomenon", where an athlete with impending free agency plays at a higher level than they ever has before, only to return to their normal level of play once they sign a new long-term contract. Chris Mannix of Sports Illustrated wrote "James was a chronic underachiever who cashed in on a brief moment of excellence".
In the 2007–08 NBA season they played in only two games (January 18 and 21) for a total of five minutes, while earning a salary of $5.8 million. James made their only field goal shot and two free throws of the season at Washington. They played another 2 games the following season, scoring 6 points, but suffered a season-ending torn Achilles tendon injury.
On February 19, 2009, James was traded by the Knicks along with Tim Thomas and Anthony Roberson to the Chicago Bulls in exchange for Larry Hughes. James never played any minutes for the Chicago Bulls due to injury. They were waived by the Bulls shortly before the 2010 playoffs.
Puerto Rico
James returned to professional basketball in 2012, signing with the Caciques de Humacao of the Puerto Rican BSN league on February 28. In 7 games, James made 43% of field goal attempts and averaged 9.1 points and 7.4 rebounds.
James returned to Puerto Rico in 2015, signing with Atenienses de Manatí. They were released by Atenienses on March 18 but stuck around with the club for a further three games pending the arrival of Ekene Ibekwe.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Sacramento
| 16 || 0 || 2.6 || .375 || .000 || .500 || 1.1 || .1 || .1 || .4 || 1.5
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Seattle
| 56 || 40 || 16.9 || .491 || .000 || .500 || 4.1 || .4 || .4 || 1.5 || 5.3
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Seattle
| 51 || 16 || 15.0 || .478 || .000 || .587 || 4.2 || .5 || .2 || 1.6 || 5.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Seattle
| 65 || 24 || 15.2 || .498 || .000 || .660 || 3.5 || .5 || .3 || .9 || 5.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Seattle
| 80 || 80 || 16.6 || .509 || .000 || .723 || 3.0 || .2 || .3 || 1.4 || 4.9
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New York
| 45 || 9 || 9.0 || .463 || .000 || .625 || 2.0 || .3 || .1 || .5 || 3.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New York
| 41 || 11 || 6.7 || .418 || .000 || .556 || 1.6 || .1 || .1 || .4 || 1.9
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New York
| 2 || 0 || 2.5 || 1.000 || .000 || 1.000 || 1.5 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 2.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New York
| 2 || 0 || 5.0 || .375 || .000 || .000 || 1.5 || .0 || .5 || .5 || 3.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 358 || 180 || 13.3 || .485 || .000 || .617 || 3.1 || .3 || .3 || 1.1 || 4.3
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 1999
| align="left" | Sacramento
| 1 || 0 || 4.0 || .500 || .000 || .750 || 2.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 5.0
|-
| align="left" | 2002
| align="left" | Seattle
| 5 || 1 || 14.0 || .391 || .000 || .000 || 2.4 || .8 || .0 || 1.0 || 3.6
|-
| align="left" | 2005
| align="left" | Seattle
| 11 || 11 || 26.8 || .514 || .000 || .767 || 6.8 || .5 || .5 || 1.8 || 12.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 17 || 12 || 21.7 || .493 || .000 || .722 || 5.2 || .5 || .4 || 1.5 || 9.4
References
External links
ESPN.com profile
1975 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
ASVEL Basket players
Baloncesto Superior Nacional players
Basketball players from Tampa, Florida
Caciques de Humacao players
Centers (basketball)
Florida A&M Rattlers basketball players
Harlem Globetrotters players
KK Budućnost players
New York Knicks players
Sacramento Kings draft picks
Sacramento Kings players
Seattle SuperSonics players
American men's basketball players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Kurdybań Warkowicki, or Kurdyban–Warkowicki, was a Polish village in Wołyń Voivodeship (1921–1939) before the joint Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland in 1939. It was located near the town of Warkowicze () in Dubno County, in the eastern part of the Second Polish Republic (now, in Ukraine). The village was eradicated during the Polish population transfers after World War II, when the Kresy macroregion was formally incorporated into the Soviet Union.
World War II
The village was a site of an OUN-UPA ethnic cleansing operation against the Polish civilians, led by the Ukrainian Military Group No. 02 called the "Bohun" during the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia between 1942 and 1945. The Polish self-defence unit managed to hold its position there until the arrival of the Red Army in 1944. The witnesses consider such survival remarkable with no German outposts and no Polish partisans in its vicinity. Unlike neighbouring settlements, Kurdybań was not surrounded by the forest; therefore, the UPA units had no place to hide against its defenders equipped with a heavy machine gun disassembled from a Soviet tank destroyed by the Germans. The Kurdybań provided refuge for Jewish families escaping the Holocaust in its vicinity. The local self-defence was made up of around 60 men including 25 Polish Jews.
Most Polish self-defence units across the province fell — unable to defend the population against the genocide. Kurdybań Warkowicki was one of the only a handful of surviving units, among them: Młynów (now Mlyniv), Lubomirka, Klewań, Rokitno (in the Pinsk Marshes), Budki Snowidowickie and Osty. The settlement no longer exists. It was liquidated likely during the Polish population transfers (1944–46).
See also
History of Poland (1939–1945)
Historiography of the Volyn tragedy
References
Andrzej Mielcarek, Strony o Wolyniu
Władysław and Ewa Siemaszko, Polska obrona, Zarys ogólny wydarzeń. Internet Archive.
Krzysztof Lada, Creative Forgetting. Polish and Ukrainian Historiographies on the Campaign against the Poles in Volhynia during World WarII, Glaukopis, No. 2/3, 2005, pp. 340–75.
Prof. dr Ryszard Szawłowski (November 2000), "Przedmowa", Ludobójstwo dokonane przez nacjonalistów ukraińskich na ludności polskiej Wołynia 1939-1945 Władysław Siemaszko, Ewa Siemaszko
Leszek Ubowski, Organizacja i funkcjonowanie okręgu Okręg Wołyń, Wrocław 2007
Former populated places in Ukraine
History of Volyn Oblast
Massacres of Poles in Volhynia
War crimes committed by the Ukrainian Insurgent Army
Rolen Paulino (born November 24, 1962) is a Filipino politician. They were the Mayor of Olongapo City in Zambales and father of incumbent Mayor Rolen C. Paulino, Jr.
Career
2007 mayoral election
They ran for mayor of Olongapo, but they were defeated by James "Bong" Gordon Jr.
2010 vice mayoral election
They ran for vice mayor of Olongapo and won after garnering 47,074 against Gordon's running mate, Cynthia Cajudo, who garnered 31,121. They were sworn on June 30, 2010.
2013 mayoral election
They ran for mayor of Olongapo. Their opponents are Anne Gordon, wife of the incumbent mayor James "Bong" Gordon, Jr. who is term-limited, and Bugsy delos Reyes, Gordon's nephew. They won the election that ended the Gordon political dynasty.
2016 mayoral election
They ran for re-election mayor of Olongapo. Their opponents are James "Bong" Gordon, Jr. and independent candidate Octavio Galvezo. They overwhelmingly won the election.
Mayor of Olongapo (2013-2019)
On June 28, 2013, they were inaugurated at Rizal Triangle in Olongapo. On June 30, their term officially started. On July 2, they and their team met Department of Energy Secretary Jericho Petilla and PSALM (Private Sector Asset Liabilities Management) President Emmanuel Ledesma Jr. regarding the PhP 5.08 billion power debt. They agreed to cancel the power disconnection, and PSALM would restructure the payment scheme. Therefore, Paulino averted their city's power disconnection.
In September 2018, they were suspended, together with other officials, by the ombudsman for allegedly entering into disadvantageous lease contracts of the Olongapo City Civic Center in 2014 to 2015. They were replaced by councilor Lugie Lipumano Garcia as OIC Mayor.
In April 2019, the Sandiganbayan ordered their arrest, along with vice-mayor Aquilino Cortez Jr. and city councilors, in connection with the violations. In July 2019, the charges were dismissed because Paulino and co-accused were able to prove that the Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) law does not apply to the lease agreements. The Sandiganbayan Seventh Division has affirmed its decision to free them and co-accused of graft charges.
Chairman and Administrator of Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority (March 2022)
On March 1, 2022 after their political stint as City Mayor of Olongapo, They were appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte as Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority as Chairman & Administrator as replacement to the resignation of concurrent SBMA Chairman & Administrator Atty. Wilma T. Eisma. Eisma was appointed as Board of Director to the Development Bank of the Philippines which is a Government-owned and controlled corporation. the Oath taking of Chairman Paulino was presided by Salvador Medialdea, Executive Secretary of the Philippines.
References
1962 births
Living people
Mayors of Olongapo
Nationalist People's Coalition politicians
People from Olongapo
Aurore was a corvette or snow, designed by Nicolas Ozanne. Built privately on the personal funds of François-César Le Tellier de Courtanvaux, they were commissioned by the French Navy and used for scientific purposes. They performed the first measurement of longitude using Marine chronometer.
Background
During the 18th century, measure of longitude was performed by comparing the solar time of the ship with that of a know point, the difference in time being in relation with displacement on the globe. In practice, this was achieved by keeping the time of the latest point of departure by mean of hourglasses, and by tracking the moment the sun was seen at its zenith. However, hourglasses had a poor precision because they needed to be turned by hand at exact intervals, because sand tended aggregate due to humidity, and because its flow eroded the thin section of the bulb, accelerating the flow. Mechanical clocks were seen as the logical next step in technology, and in 1722, eight years after the British introduced Longitude rewards, the French Academy of Sciences started offering a prize every two year for the best chronometer for sea navigation.
In 1766, clockmaker Pierre Le Roy submitted a marine chronometer for consideration for the 1767 prize. At the time, several other clockmakers in France were trying to develop similar instruments, notably Ferdinand Berthoud, Étienne Tavernier and Jean Romilly, but being unfinished or damaged at the time, their prototypes could not contest. Finding Le Roy's invention promising, the Academy started studying ways to test it in real conditions at sea. Courtanvaux, who sat at the Academy, then proposed to shoulder the cost of the tests themselves by having a ship built specially for the occasion.
The expedition was to depart Le Havre and cruise off the Northern coast of France, sailing to various harbours — Calais, Dunkirk, Rotterdam, Brielle and Amsterdam — before returning to Boulogne and Le Havre. A second journey was to be undertaken in 1768 to the South up to A Coruña. The frequent calls were to allow recalibrating the chronometer often, entailing that the ship had to be specially chartered for the purpose and be small and maneuverable enough to enter all the ports; this precluded use of a regular merchantman, which would in any case have been slow and whose accommodations would have been ill-suited to the purpose. Rather than re-amenaging a merchantman Courtanvaux decided to commission Nicolas Ozanne to design a corvette-sized yacht. Ozanne designed them as a pleasure craft, and the scientists involved in the expedition had quarters of an unusually high quality for the time.
Courtanvaux obtained official support for their endeavour, notably gaining recommendation letters from the Secretary of State for the Navy for their passage in the Netherlands, and obtaining the status of "royal frigate" — with special dispensation to fly the all-white royal ensign normally reserved for naval ships.
Career
On 19 April 1767, Mathieu Chopin was appointed captain of Aurore by a royal edict. In the morning of 14 May, Aurore put to sail for their first trials, watched by the numerous officials, the garrison and a large crowd. They were deemed a successful vessel, and in the next days their 24-man crew started training and getting accustomed to the ship, while the scientists started calibrating their instruments in a laboratory on the set up on the port. Along with their chronometer, Le Roy brought a second prototype, which they did not initially enter in the competition, as It's had not been fully tested yet.
On 21 May, Aurore attempted the first leg of their journey, bound for Calais, but a gale forced them to return to Le Havre and wait several days for more clement weather. On 25 May, they departed again, reaching Calais the next morning through bad weather that left the passengers and the crew shaken. The weather taking another turn for the worse, Aurore remained in Calais for several days. On 6 June, in the early morning, they departed for Dunkirk, where they arrived in the late afternoon, threatened by yet another storm. On 13, the passengers were able to go ashore in a boat, enabling measurements to be made on the ground. Aurore departed Dunkirk on 20, and arrived in Rotterdam during the night. Again, the watches were sent ashore for precise measurements, and Courtanvaux left to visit the Netherland. Meanwhile, Aurore left Rotterdam on 29 June and sailed on the Meuse river to Brielle.
At Brielle, Le Roy stated that after testing, the second prototype seemed more reliable than the first, and they offered it to La Chapelle's consideration. Aurore was trapped by unfavourable winds that had prevented navigation for a week, and in the night of 6 July, they attempted to seize a passing opportunity to depart; however, a man went overboard, to be saved in the nick of time by a fellow sailor, then Aurore collided with a Dutch merchantman, and eventually the wind pushed them to the shore. They then aborted their attempt, and returned to port. They finally left on 8 July, arriving in Amsterdam on 11 after sustaining such bad weather that their guns would touch the water and that Le Roy measured a 25° list. At Amsterdam, they were rejoined by Courtanvaux, and the scientific staff went ashore again to test their instruments and take precise measurements.
On 22 July, Aurore departed Amsterdam, bound for Den Helder, while Courtanvaux pursued their touristic endeavours ashore. They met again at Texel on 25, where Aurore was again trapped by bad weather until 3 August. In the night of 4 August, they observed an aurora, and in the afternoon of 6 August, they arrived at Boulogne. In the evening, the scientists attempted to disembark on boats, but a sudden gale forced Aurore to return out at sea. They eventually entered Boulogne harbour the next day. Then, the scientists went ashore for another round of measurements and calibration. On 28 August, Aurore finally reached Le Havre.
In 1769, the French Royal Navy acquired Aurore.
Fate
Aurore was struck in Brest in 1775.
Legacy
After the journey, Courtanvaux wrote the story of the expedition. The narration was edited by Pingré and Messier, illustrated by Ozanne (with notably a representation of the launch of the frigate and a map of the journey), and published in 1768.
Le Roy's chronometer was found to have accumulated an error of 4 minutes and 52 seconds in the 52 days of the outbound journey, and 51 on the return leg. The second chronometer had an error of only 15 seconds and a half. It was tested again on a naval frigate, Enjouée, and in 1769 Le Roy was awarded the prize. Further testing of Le Roy's watches took place in 1771 and 1772 with the voyage of Borda and Pingré on Flore, where they tested their chronometers A and S, as well as Berthoud's n°8. Le Roy again won the 1773 double prize. The chronometer went on to be part of the collections of the Conservatoire national des arts et métiers, where it is on display.
A large scale model of Aurore is on display at Sainte-Geneviève Library. The model was made by former sailors of the expedition, and is built as a large 1/12th scale, yielding very minute details. A few pieces, such as boats and artillery pieces, have disappeared over time.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
(1671-1870)
1767 ships
Ships built in France
Marco Mathys (born 5 July 1987) is a Swiss footballer who plays for FC Solothurn in the Swiss 1. Liga.
Career
Early career
Mathys came up through the youth ranks of hometown club SC Derendingen.
Concordia Basel
In July 2006, Mathys moved to FC Concordia Basel. In three seasons with the club, they made 79 league appearances, scoring eight times.
Biel/Benne
In July 2009, Mathys moved to Swiss Challenge League club FC Biel-Bienne on a free transfer. They made their league debut for the club on 26 July 2009 in a 2–0 loss to FC Vaduz. They were replaced by David Casasnovas in the 83rd minute. They scored their first league goal for the club a week later in a 3–0 home victory over Stade Nyonnais. Their goal came in the 49th minute.
St. Gallen
In January 2012, Mathys was sold to FC St. Gallen for £63,000. Their league debut for St. Gallen came on 18 February 2012 in a 6-0 demolition of SR Delémont. They were brought on for Manuel Sutter in the 57th minute. Their first league goal came on 31 March 2012 in a 3–2 victory over FC Wil. Their goal came just six minutes after being introduced, and made the score 2–1 in favor of St. Gallen. They had been brought on for Manuel Sutter in the 56th minute. In their first season with the club, they won the Swiss Challenge League and were promoted to the Swiss Super League.
Vaduz
In July 2016, Mathys was sold to FC Vaduz on a free transfer. They made their league debut for the club on 24 July 2016 in a 1–1 draw with FC Thun. They were subbed off in the 84th minute, replaced by eventual goal-scorer Ali Messaoud. Their first league goal came as part of a hat-trick scored in a 5–1 victory over FC Lugano. The goals came in the 62nd, 75th, and 92nd minutes. Unfortunately, the club was relegated in their first season with them.
They left Vaduz at the end of 2018.
FC Solothurn
Mathys joined FC Solothurn on 12 June 2019.
Honours
St. Gallen
Swiss Challenge League (1): 2011–12
FC Vaduz
Liechtenstein Football Cup (2): 2016–17, 2017–18
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
FC Concordia Basel players
FC Biel-Bienne players
FC St. Gallen players
FC Vaduz players
Swiss expatriate footballers
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Liechtenstein
Expatriate footballers in Liechtenstein
FC Solothurn players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from the canton of Solothurn
Croatian Venezuelans () are Venezuelans of full, partial, or predominantly Croat descent, or Croat-born people residing in Venezuela.
It is estimated that 5,000 Croats live in Venezuela.
History
Croatian immigration to Venezuela dates back to the late nineteenth century, and was characterized by the individual arrival of merchant seamen. Until World War I, a few number of Croats settle in Venezuela, nevertheless it is in the period of the World War II when the Croatian families that escaped from the government of Tito begin to settle in the country. Most of these immigrants came from present-day Croatian territory, particularly from the coastal and inland areas of Dalmatia. Others came from Bosnia and Herzegovina. Included are Istro-Romanians, who became adjusted to Venezuelan society because of the linguistic similarities between Istro-Romanian and Spanish, as well as Latin identity of Istro-Romanians.
Status of Croats in Venezuela
In 1949 came the initiative to create the Asociación Croata Venezolana (Croatian Association of Venezuela), entity that was transformed in 1972 in the Centro Croata Venezolano (Venezuelan Croatian Center). The Comité Croata de Venezuela (Croatian Committee of Venezuela) had been operating in Caracas since 1958. Its purpose was to support the transformation of Croatia into an independent and democratic state. The installation of the Hogar Croata (Croatian Home) in 1962 at its headquarters in Chacao was of major importance. Celebration of cultural and social events and the organization of sporting events. La Sociedad de Damas Croatas (Croatian Women Society) was established in 1968 and the Venezuela-Croatia Economic Chamber (Camara Venezolano – Croata de Industria y Comercio – Cavecro) established in 1997.
The majority of the members of the Croatian community settled in Caracas and Valencia and, to a lesser extent, in other cities of the interior: Maracay, Maracaibo, Mérida and in localities of the Yaracuy state, where some joined the work in the sugar industry. Also, several forest technicians arrived that later contributed to the establishment of the School of Forestry Engineering at the University of the Andes. A large percentage of the Croatians were artisans, who later became small entrepreneurs, and many were professionals, especially engineers and technicians, who had outstanding performance in Venezuela.
Notable Croatian Venezuelans
Augustin Augustinović, Franciscan missioner, writer.
Branko Benzon, physician, diplomat and politician.
Ratomir Dujković, football player and trainer.
Andras José Kalnay- relativistic physicist.
Tatiana Blatnik, Princess of Greece and Denmark.
Laura Furčić, journalist and TV Host.
Gabriela Elena Španić, actor known for their roles in several Latin telenovelas.
Dani Španić, model, actor and TV Host.
Milka Chulina, actor, model and Miss Venezuela 1992 winner, second runner-up at Miss Universe 1993 and Top 15 semifinalist at Miss International 1994.
Luis Lukšić, Bolivian poet and painter.
Alexander Milić, actor.
Zdenko Morović, footballer.
Maja Poljak, Jewish social activist and photographer.
Tomislav Jurić, painter.
Vjekoslav Radilović, animated filmmaker
Seka Severin de Tudja, sculptor.
Miguel Šočolović, major league baseball player.
Dušan Žanko, writer and the intendant of the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb from 1941 to 1943.
Slavko Župčić, psychiatrist and writer.
Ernesto Villegas, journalist, politician, and writer.
Vladimir Villegas, journalist and politician, and news director of Globovisión.
See also
Croats
List of Croats
Immigration to Venezuela
References
External links
CAMARA VENEZOLANO CROATA DE INDUSTRIA Y COMERCIO (CAVECRO)
Alas para la libertad : semblanza de grupo de inmigrantes Croatas en Venezuela
Od Bosanskih šuma do Venezuele: dogadjaji i ljudi u mojim sjećanjima
Venezuela
Croatian
Croatian
Louis of Anhalt-Pless (16 July 1783 in Pless – 5 November 1841 in Pless) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Pless.
They were the sixth (but fifth surviving) son of Frederick Erdmann, Prince of Anhalt-Pless, by their wife Louise Ferdinande, daughter of Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg-Wernigerode.
Life
As the youngest child in their family, Louis had little prospect of ever taking part the government of Pless; but when the main line of the Anhalt-Köthen branch of the House of Ascania became extinct in 1818, their older brother Frederick Ferdinand assumed the title duke of Anhalt-Köthen and left the government of Pless in the hands of the next oldest brother Henry.
In 1830, Frederick Ferdinand died childless and Henry succeeded them as duke. Shortly after, they left the government of Pless in the hands of Louis. Because Henry was also childless, Louis became heir presumptive to the duchy of Anhalt-Köthen until their death, unmarried and also childless. After Louis's death, Henry reassumed their government over Pless until their own death.
1783 births
1841 deaths
People from Pszczyna
House of Ascania
Shaun Brown is the former managing director of the Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) in Australia from 2006 to 2011.
Career
Brown began their broadcasting career with the Australian Broadcasting Commission (ABC) in Perth in 1970. Among their reporting assignments was, in 1973, coverage of French nuclear testing at Muroroa Atoll from on board the frigate HMNZS Otago, for which they were awarded the New Zealand Special Service Medal in 2002. They also received industry recognition for their work as an investigative current affairs reporter and a producer of election night programs.
TVNZ
In 1994, Television New Zealand (TVNZ) appointed Brown Managing Editor, News and Current Affairs. They were made Head of TV One in 1997. In 2001, they were appointed Head of Television on an annual salary reported to be $340,000, responsible for running both TVNZ channels. Brown held this TVNZ position for nine months before the position was eliminated by chief executive Ian Fraser.
During their time at TVNZ, the network was accused by New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark of being "shamelessly ratings driven" according to a report.
Their position as Head of Television at TVNZ ended in 2002. This followed the Hawkesby affair. Hawkesby was hired from TV3 by TVNZ to read the news, replacing Richard Long, but was later sacked. Hawkesby was subsequently awarded a record-breaking $6 million by an arbitrator.
SBS
Brown joined SBS as Head of Television in January 2003.
They were appointed managing director of SBS on 14 February 2006 for four years. At SBS Brown lifted investment in commissioned programs from around $4 million in 2002 to around $30 million in 2009. During the same period SBS audience share increased by 22 per cent to a total share of 6.2 per cent.
Brown was at the helm of SBS during some controversial times, including the 2006 decision by the SBS Board to introduce advertising within television programming, as opposed to in-between programming. While Brown admitted that SBS audiences reacted strongly to the introduction of in-program breaks, after their introduction SBS increased its audience share to record levels, and increased the revenue raised through television advertising to $46.3 million in 2007-08.
In 2008, the SBS Board extended their contract until July 2011. During their time at SBS, the broadcaster's ratings share rose to 6.2 per cent and Australian production increased.
Brown was a delegate to Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's 2008 2020 Summit.
In 2009, Brown likened the cash-strapped broadcaster to Dickensian character Oliver Twist who kept asking the Australian Government for more funding.
After Brown had announced their retirement, Michael Ebeid, former Australian Broadcasting Corporation head of strategy and marketing, was appointed as the new CEO and Managing Director of SBS, commencing on 13 June 2011.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Board members of the Special Broadcasting Service
New Zealand television presenters
Smithatris supraneanae is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Walter John Emil Kress and Kai Larsen. Smithatris supraneanae is part of the genus Smithatris and the family Zingiberaceae. The IUCN categorizes the species globally as critically endangered. The species' range is in Thailand. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
The species and genus' taxonomic name is based on two scientific researchers, Scottish botanist Rosemary M. Smith, and the original person who notified Kress and Larsen of the species, Supranee Kongpichayanond.
References
Zingiberoideae
Osteochilus harrisoni is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to northern Borneo.
Named in honor of Alfred C. Harrison, Jr. (1869-1925), explorer of Borneo and Sumatra, who collected type.
References
Taxa named by Henry Weed Fowler
Fish described in 1905
Osteochilus
The 2011–12 season was Edinburgh Rugby's eleventh season competing in the Pro12.
Michael Bradley took over Edinburgh in the summer of 2011. They previously had been in charge of Connacht and Ireland A.
While domestically the season never really took off, the 2011–12 Heineken Cup campaign proved to be the most successful in the club's history by topping Pool 2. Along the way, competing in the remarkable 48-47 match against Racing Métro and setting up a quarter final against French rugby giants Toulouse by scoring 4 tries against London Irish. The game itself was very tight, with Edinburgh holding out for a 19-14 win thanks to an early try from Mike Blair and penalties from captain Greig Laidlaw, setting up a semi-final in Dublin against Ulster.
2011 saw the introduction of numerous youngster into the squad this season, which makes the results even more astonishing. Début seasons for regular starters, 21-year-olds Matt Scott and Grant Gilchrist as well as 19-year-old Harry Leonard. And first full season for back row pair Stuart McInally and David Denton.
More than 37 881 fans, a UK record crowd for a Heineken Cup quarter final, witnessed Edinburgh become the first Scottish club to reach the Heineken Cup semi-final.
Squad List
Transfers 2011/2012
Players in
Steven Lawrie from Doncaster
Matthew Scott - Currie RFC
Sean Cox - Sale Sharks
Chris Leck - Sale Sharks
Alex Black - Leeds Carnegie
Sep Visser - Tynedale R.F.C. (will have dual registration with Boroughmuir RFC)
Players out
Fraser McKenzie - Sale Sharks
Scott Macleod - Kobelco Steelers
David Blair - Retired
Craig Hamilton - Tarbes
Mark Robertson - Scotland 7s
Scott Newlands - Oyonnax
David Young - Leeds Carnegie
Simon Webster - Retired
Pro 12 League Table
Heineken Cup
Pool stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
References
2011–12 in Scottish rugby union
2011-12
2011–12 Pro12 by team
2011–12 Heineken Cup by team
The black-throated parrotbill (Suthora nipalensis) is a parrotbill species often placed with the Old World babblers (family Timaliidae) or in a distinct family Sylviidae, but it actually seems to belong to the distinct family Paradoxornithidae.
It is found in the northern regions of the Indian subcontinent, primarily in the central and eastern Himalayas, and in adjoining parts of Southeast Asia. The species ranges across Bhutan, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, Tibet and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Gallery
References
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292 – 321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
black-throated parrotbill
black-throated parrotbill
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Vietnam
Birds of North India
black-throated parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hine is a 1971 British drama television series set in the Middle East which was created by Wilfred Greatorex. The series stars Barrie Ingham as international arms dealer Joe Hine. Paul Eddington portrays Astor Harris, an arms manufacturer with close ties to the British government, and John Steiner plays Hine's personal assistant Jeremy Windsor. Other cast members include Sarah Craze as Hine's secretary Susannah Grey, Colin Gordon as Walpole Gibb, and John Moreno as Frank the Chauffeur. The series premiered on April 7, 1971 on Associated Television. It ran for a total of 13 episodes in a single season, and all are now available on DVD.
References
External links
1971 British television series debuts
1971 British television series endings
1970s British drama television series
1970s British television miniseries
ITV television dramas
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Associated Television (ATV)
English-language television shows
Television shows set in England
Television series set in the Middle East
Prasophyllum parviflorum, commonly known as the slender leek orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Victoria. It has a single tubular leaf and up to thirty greenish-brown to purplish flowers. Further studies of the species may indicate that some collections currently included may be of a different species.
Description
Prasophyllum parviflorum is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single tube-shaped leaf long and wide. Between ten and thirty flowers are widely spaced along flowering stem long which reaches to a height of . The flowers are greenish-brown to purplish and as with others in the genus, are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The ovary is oval-shaped and about long. The dorsal sepal is a tapering egg shape, about long and wide. The lateral sepals are lance-shaped, curved, about long, wide and fused at their bases. The petals are long, wide and curve forwards. The labellum is variably coloured, about long, wide and sharply upwards near its middle. There is a broad, fleshy, glossy callus along the centre of the labellum and extending nearly to its tip. Flowering occurs in October and November.
Taxonomy and naming
The slender leek orchid was first formally described in 1930 by Richard Sanders Rogers who gave it the name Prasophyllum hartii var. parviflorum and published the description in Transactions and Proceedings of the Royal Society of South Australia from a specimen collected on Wilsons Promontory. In 1941, William Henry Nicholls raised the variety to species status.
Distribution and habitat
Prasophyllum parviflorum grows in grassland and grassy areas in woodland east from French Island to the New South Wales border. Specimens collected in the west of the state may be P. suaveolens and small plants may, with further studies, be shown to be a separate species.
Conservation
Prasophyllum parviflorum is listed as "Vulnerable" under the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988.
References
External links
parviflorum
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Endemic orchids of Australia
Plants described in 1930
The Upton train ambush took place on 15 February 1921, during the Irish War of Independence. The Irish Republican Army (IRA) mounted an attack on a train carrying British soldiers at Upton, County Cork. The action was a disaster for the IRA; three of its volunteers were killed and two wounded. Six British soldiers were wounded, three seriously. Six civilian passengers were killed and ten wounded in the crossfire.
Background
According to a study of the region, Cork was "by far the most violent county in Ireland" during the War of Independence and had several active guerrilla brigades. Of these, the Third (west Cork) was one of the most effective and it was a unit from this Brigade that carried out the Upton ambush.
Up until the end of 1920, the British had been unable to move troops by train, due to a nationwide boycott by railway workers of trains carrying the British military. However, this strike was lifted in December 1920. While this helped the British military's mobility, it also gave the IRA a new target: trains carrying soldiers. A week before the Upton ambush, the local IRA had made a successful attack on a train travelling from Killarney to Millstreet near Drishanbeg, killing one sergeant and wounding five more soldiers.
Ambush
Five days after the Drishanbeg ambush, plans were made for an attack at Upton and Innishannon railway station on a train travelling between Cork city and Bandon. The ambushers, led by Charlie Hurley, were 13 strong; 7 armed with rifles and the remainder with revolvers or semi-automatic pistols. They took up position at the station ten minutes before the train pulled in, imprisoning the station master, clearing the station and taking cover behind sacks of grain and flour taken from a store.
The train was carrying around 50 British soldiers of the Essex Regiment, who were mingled with civilian passengers throughout the train's carriages. The IRA party was therefore quite heavily outnumbered and out-gunned, but were unaware of this, as two IRA scouts, who were supposed to have been on the train and signalled to them the British numbers, never turned up. They also wrongly believed that the British troops were all in the central carriage. As a result, when the IRA opened fire on the train, there were heavy civilian casualties; including two commercial travellers killed by the first volley. The New York Times reported that "a shower of bullets was rained on the train, practically every compartment being swept".
The firefight lasted for only ten minutes, but in that time six civilian passengers were killed and ten wounded. Six British soldiers were injured, three of them seriously. Two IRA volunteers were killed outright and another was fatally wounded; two more were badly wounded but survived. Charlie Hurley, who had led the ambush, was struck in the face by a bullet. IRA leader Tom Barry later wrote, "Through some miracle, the nine unwounded and two wounded got away across country, in small parties, with the British following close behind". Three civilian passengers, one unwounded and two wounded, were detained by the British on suspicion of belonging to the ambush party.
Aftermath
The Upton ambush was part of what Tom Barry described as "twelve dark days" for the 3rd Cork Brigade of the IRA. Between 4 February and 16 February, eleven members of the Brigade were killed. One was shot dead by British troops when they raided a safehouse on the 4th, another died in an accidental shooting on the 7th, two more (the Coffey brothers) were assassinated in their beds on the 14th by Black and Tans or Auxiliaries, three died at Upton on the 15th and four were killed on the 16th when they were arrested by the Essex Regiment in Kilbrittain while digging a trench and shot dead. Of the eleven dead, only those at Upton were killed in combat.
The Upton attack also highlighted the dangers, and particularly the risk to civilians, of attacking trains carrying troops. Only a month later at the Headford Ambush in neighbouring County Kerry, an IRA column successfully attacked a train-load of troops, but again, there were civilian casualties alongside the IRA and British Army losses. One of the three men captured by the British at Upton is reported to have given information leading to the Third Cork Brigade's main column of over 100 fighters almost being encircled at the Crossbarry Ambush. Hurley themselves was killed in this action.
The Upton ambush was later made famous in a popular 1960s Irish ballad titled "The Lonely Woods of Upton".
Citations
References
Begley, Diarmuid (1999). The Road to Crossbarry: The Decisive Battle of the War of Independence. Deso Publications. .
1921 in Ireland
Military actions and engagements during the Irish War of Independence
History of County Cork
British Army in the Irish War of Independence
February 1921 events in Europe
Ambushes in Europe
Michael W. Punke (born December 7, 1964) is an American writer, novelist, professor, policy analyst, policy consultant, attorney, and former Deputy United States Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to the World Trade Organization in Geneva, Switzerland.  They are currently the Vice President of Public Policy for Amazon Web Services.  They are best known for writing The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge (2002), which was adapted into film as The Revenant (2015), directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu, with a screenplay by Iñárritu and Mark L. Smith, and starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy.
Early life and education
Punke was born and raised in Torrington, Wyoming, the son of Marilyn and Butch Punke, a high school biology teacher. They have a younger brother, Tim, and a sister, Amy. They engaged in various outdoor activities in the wilderness like fishing, hunting, hiking, shooting, and mountain biking. When they were a teenager, they also spent at least three summers working at the Fort Laramie National Historic Site as a "living history interpreter." They were also a debate team champion in high school, which they graduated early from to attend the University of Massachusetts Amherst, later transferring to George Washington University, where they graduated with a degree in International Affairs from the Elliott School of International Affairs. They later attended and received their Juris Doctor degree from Cornell Law School, where they focused on trade law, and was elected to become Editor-in-Chief of the Cornell International Law Journal.
Career
Upon graduation from Cornell Law in the 90s, Punke worked as a government staffer for Senator Max Baucus (D-Montana), who was later Ambassador to China. Specifically, from 1991–92, Punke served as International Trade Counsel to Baucus, who was also then Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee's International Trade Subcommittee. Punke also met their wife Traci while working for Baucus. During 1993–95, Punke then served at the White House as Director for International Economic Affairs and was jointly appointed to the National Economic Council and the National Security Council.
Work at the Office of the United States Trade Representative
In 1995–96, Punke became a Senior Policy Advisor at the Office of the United States Trade Representative (the USTR), where they advised them on issues ranging from intellectual property (IP) law to trade to agricultural law. Punke has also worked on international trade issues from the private sector, including as a partner at the Washington, D.C., office of Mayer, Brown, Rowe, & Maw. From 2003 to 2009, Punke consulted on public policy issues out of Missoula, Montana.
In 2009, President Barack Obama selected Punke to serve as the Deputy United States Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the World Trade Organization (WTO) in Geneva, Switzerland. Obama's selection of Punke for this position was also confirmed by the U.S. Senate in 2011.
As a federal government employee, Punke was prohibited by ethics rules from promoting their literary work, including through interviews, events, book signings, parties or any other efforts that could be considered abusing their position to enrich himself.
Private sector work
Punke has been a partner at the law firm of Mayer Brown, resident in the Washington, D.C. office and working on various matters involving international trade law. In the years of 2003 to 2009, Punke served as a consultant on various public policy matters and was also based in Missoula, Montana. In February 2017, Punke joined Amazon Web Services as Vice President for Global Public Policy.
Writing
The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge
Punke is the author of The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge, which was published by Carroll & Graf in 2002.
Punke allegedly came up with the idea to write the novel while on an airplane, after reading a couple of lines in a history book about real-life frontier fur trapper Hugh Glass. Punke was also working at the law firm of Mayer Brown at the time when they started the book (1997), so they would go to the office as early as 5:00 AM before anyone else got there to write pages for roughly three hours, and then do their job for eight to ten hours. The book took a total of four years to complete and according to their brother Tim, Punke actually caught pneumonia at least four times during the writing process. Punke also performed extensive research on Glass, which included setting up and testing real hunting traps. The book was published in 2002 to little fanfare, although Punke was able to sell movie rights to it. Once they discovered the novel, Director Alejandro G. Iñárritu fought for it to be made into a movie, where other directors such as Park Chan-Wook and producers such as Megan Ellison were also attached.
After Punke relocated with their wife Traci and their two children to Missoula, Montana, where they worked part-time as a policy consultant and an Adjunct Professor at the University of Montana, they finished two screenplays as well as two non-fiction books, one about the fight to save the Buffalo – Last Stand (2007) – and the other about a mining disaster that occurred in North Butte, Montana – Fire and Brimstone: The North Butte Mining Disaster of 1917 (2013).
While a high-ranking federal employee, Punke was prohibited by ethics rules from talking publicly or to the media about their work, attending events, signing book copies or conducting any other activities that could be seen as promoting their work for their personal enrichment. They are, however, allowed to earn royalties and other payments from it. Punke's brother Tim and wife Traci frequently spoke for them instead.
Fire and Brimstone: The North Butte Mining Disaster of 1917
In 2006, Punke published a non-fiction book, via Hachette Books, that covered a mining disaster that occurred in North Butte, Montana during 1917. The book was a finalist for the Mountains and Plains Booksellers Award. A reprint edition was also published in 2007. The book has received favorable reviews from Publishers Weekly, Booklist, Kirkus Reviews and other sources.
Last Stand
Harper Collins published Punke's non-fiction book about saving the Buffalo – Last Stand – in 2007. The subtitle of the book is "George Bird Grinnell, the Battle to Save the Buffalo, and the Birth of the New West."
Other writing work
Punke also wrote the introduction to a contemporary reprint of Mari Sandoz's 1954 book, The Buffalo Hunters: The Story of the Hide Men.
Punke was also the historical correspondent for Montana Quarterly magazine.
Bibliography
Fiction
The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge (2002)
Ridgeline (2021)
Non-fiction
Fire and Brimstone: The North Butte Mining Disaster of 1917 (2006),
Last Stand (2007)
References
External links
Ambassador Michael Punke, Deputy USPTR
Michael Punke at Harper Collins
Michael Punke's Books at GoodReads
Maxim Magazine Profile of Michael Punke
Washington Post Article on Michael Punke
1964 births
American diplomats
American male novelists
Cornell Law School alumni
Elliott School of International Affairs alumni
Living people
Montana lawyers
Permanent Representatives to the World Trade Organization
Recess appointments
Writers from Missoula, Montana
Montana Democrats
The Bestseller Experiment is a podcast by two writers, Mark Stay and Mark Desvaux, who each week discusses different aspects of writing and publishing with guests from the publishing industry, such as other authors, editors, or marketing experts.
Premise
The two Marks challenged themselves to write and publish a bestselling novel within a year. The first year of the podcast followed their progress with the novel that became Back to Reality, and how they marketed the book. This was published as an ebook on 13 October 2017 and achieved bestseller status in ten Amazon Kindle categories worldwide.
The podcast continued, with the aid of support from Patreon subscribers, and in 2019 the two Marks set themselves another goal, to sell 10,000 copies of the book before Glastonbury 2019 (the Glastonbury Festival appears in Back to Reality).
Notable episodes
EP00, the first, teaser podcast, went out on 14 October 2016.
In a poll of listeners, EP22 (otherwise known as The Great Bollocking) was voted readers' favourite. The interviewee was author Ben Aaronovitch who, on discovering that the two Marks had written an outline 50,000 words long, gave them an epic rant about stopping outlining and getting writing.
The most shared episode was EP06, in which Breaking Bad actor Bryan Cranston said they would move to Canada if Donald Trump became president.
Awards/media coverage
The Guardian newspaper published an article in November 2016, outlining the challenge and their approach. They got another mention in May 2017, in an article discussing Amazon's bestseller lists. They have also been mentioned in the Independent, and their episode with Bryan Cranston (see above) got worldwide coverage.
The podcast was shortlisted for the Futurebook Podcast of the year 2018, although it didn't win, and in 2018 was mentioned by BuzzFeed as a podcast to listen to.
References
External links
Art podcasts
2016 podcast debuts
The La Fave Block is located at the intersection of East Cooper Avenue and South Hunter Street in Aspen, Colorado, United States. It is a brick commercial building erected in the late 1880s, during the initial mining boom that created Aspen. Today it is the second oldest brick commercial building in the city, and, along with its neighbors on East Cooper, the only structure left built by Frank LaFave, one of Aspen's early settlers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Its ornate Victorian architecture and idiosyncratic fenestration has survived, and it has become one of the most valuable commercial properties in contemporary Aspen due to its location a short distance from the Aspen Mountain ski resort's main lifts. At one point in the 20th century it was the office of an important local architect; and later a ski shop run by Olympic gold medalist Stein Eriksen. Its primary tenant is a clothing store run by Leonard "Boogie" Weinglass, the man said to have inspired a character portrayed by Mickey Rourke. In 2008 it sold for $14.6 million.
Building
The La Fave Block is located on the intersection's southwest corner. Its official address is 405 S. Hunter. It is in the developed area of downtown Aspen a block north of the gondola's bottom terminal across East Durant Avenue and a block west of the pedestrian mall along East Cooper between South Mill and South Galena streets. An alley connects South Galena and South Hunter just south of the block.
The land is level, with the slopes of Aspen Mountain beginning just south of the gondola station. The surrounding neighborhood is heavily developed. On the corners to the north and northeast are modern commercial buildings, also of brick, housing restaurants. Across South Hunter is the Aspen Square Hotel, a modern brick four-story condominium hotel complex. To the east are two other late 19th-century brick buildings. Mature trees, one of them taller than the building have been planted along the sidewalk to provide shade.
The building itself is a two-story structure of brick painted light yellow topped by a wide bracketed wooden molded cornice painted green and purple. The north and west facades, along the streets, are joined by an oblique section with the main entrance. Above it a small pediment with "1888", the year of the building's construction, set in large letters in its entablature.
At three bays, the northern facade is the shorter of the two. The first story windows are irregular save for their large transoms and the dual recessed panels underneath. On the north, The two eastern windows, separated by a mullion, have a large single pane with double-pane transoms. To their west is a large four-pane window without transom. The main entrance, at the corner, has two tall narrow windows over small square panels and a three-pane transom. To its south is a window exactly like the other flanking window. The entire storefront is topped by a small metal-roofed cornice with brackets echoing those at the roofline.
South of the storefront, the west facade is blank for several bays until a small recessed wooden door provides access from the street to the upper floor. Just to its south is another storefront, beginning with a window like those on either side of the main entrance to the corner store save for a single long panel below. On its south is a more deeply recessed two-pane window with transom, then that storefront's main entrance: a wooden door with a four-pane window above three horizontal recessed panels, topped by a single-pane transom. The next two bays have an awning and a blind transom, followed by two narrow windows, one two panes and the other single, an awning and a three-pane transom and finally a blind bay with two panels below. A cornice similar to the main storefront's caps this one.
The upper story's windows are mostly one-over-one double-hung sash with brickwork sills and lintels. The two southernmost on the western facade are less decorative, recessed single-pane windows with plain surrounds between brick pilasters. Above them is a paneled frieze below the cornice. The south facade has a balcony at the second level; the rear is faced in clapboard.
History
Established as a silver mining camp in 1879, Aspen quickly became a boomtown as settlers flocked to the upper Roaring Fork Valley. Many of the early permanent structures were timber frame buildings that were vulnerable to the frequent fires that broke out in the growing town. The city's government began requiring in the mid-1880s that new commercial buildings downtown be built of brick, stone or other fireproof materials.
Frank LaFave, an early settler, built the block that bears their name in 1888. They had wanted to build a larger building, but the owner of the wooden structure next door would not sell (before La Fave completed their building, however, it burned down). It was originally a restaurant, with apartments for rent upstairs.
That restaurant, the St. James, was praised by The Aspen Daily Times as "magnificent, neat, and clean." In the years after the Colorado Silver Boom ended and Aspen's population declined from over 10,000 to a few hundred by the late 1920s, the block was neglected but did not fall victim to arson or collapse as so many other buildings from the boom era did. In the 1950s, the slow revival of Aspen as a ski town led to the building's revival. Architect Fritz Benedict, influential in the development of the reborn city, used the dilapidated building as their office and rented out the apartments. Two decades later, Norwegian Stein Eriksen, a 1952 Olympic gold medalist in downhill skiing, used the restaurant space as a ski shop.
Eriksen left the property in the 1980s, by which time Aspen had become an upscale destination resort. The storefront is currently used by a clothing boutique run by Leonard "Boogie" Weinglass, often described as the inspiration for Mickey Rourke's character in Barry Levinson's film Diner, who runs Boogie's Diner across the street. Another boutique is in the other storefront; offices are upstairs. In 2008 two local lawyers bought the La Fave Block from Eriksen's partnership for $14.6 million, adding to an extensive portfolio of high-profile downtown properties.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pitkin County, Colorado
References
Victorian architecture in Colorado
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Commercial buildings completed in 1888
National Register of Historic Places in Aspen, Colorado
Brenk is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Eightball Tasmania, formed in 1983 is the governing body in Tasmania, Australia for the sport of Eightball pool, a cue sport.
Tasmania became a founding member in 1983 of the Australian Eight Ball Federation.
The federation holds annual championships for team and individual for men's and ladies representation for Tasmania at the annual National championships of Australia.
Member associations
Devonport Eightball Association
Burnie / Somerset Eightball Association
Esk Eightball Association
Northern Tasmanian Eightball Association
South Eastern Tasmania Eightball Association
Southern Tasmanian Eightball Association
Notable Representative Title
World Titles
2015 World Junior Team World Champions - Australia - Alexander Pace (ESRUFC)
Runner-Up
2010 World Junior Singles Final - Anthony Adams
Australian Team Representation
2015 Australian Team Captain - Jeremy McGuire (SETEBA/Midway Point Tavern)
2015 Australian Junior Team Vice Captain - Alexander Pace (SETEBA/ESRUFC)
2015 Australian Junior Team Representative - Alexander Pace (SETEBA/ESRUFC)
2010 Australian Junior Team Captain - Anthony Adams (SETEBA/Belatana)
2008 Australian Junior Team Representative - Anthony Adams (SETEBA/Beltana)
2009 Australian Junior Team Representative - Anthony Adams (SETEBA/Belatana)
2010 Australian Junior Team Representative - Anthony Adams (SETEBA/Belatana), Chris Forsyth (SETEBA/Foreshore)
Australian Titles
2011 Australian Junior Team Champions - Tasmania - Manager Cyrill Triffett (SETEBA/Beltana)
2010 Australian Under 18 Singles Champion - Anthony Adams (SETEBA/Beltana/Tasmania)
2009 Australian Junior Team Champions - Tasmania -Manager Cyrill Triffett (SETEBA/Beltana), Anthony Adams (SETEBA/Beltana), Alexander Pace (SETEBA/ESRUFC)
Tasmanian Titles
2015 Tasmanian State Singles Title - Jeremy McGuire (Midway Point Tavern)
2015 R/U Tasmanian State Singles Title - Alexander Pace (ESRUFC)
References
External links
http://www.wepf.org/menu.php?option=2/ World Eightball Pool Federation
https://web.archive.org/web/20150701012726/http://www.aebf.com.au/index.php/aebf/australian-eight-ball-federation-inc Australian Eight Ball Federation
http://eightballtasmania.com.au/ Eightball Tasmania
Sports governing bodies in Tasmania
Vladislav Vladimirovich Panteleyev (; born 15 August 1996) is a Russian football player. They play as a central midfielder for FC Arsenal Tula.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Spartak-2 Moscow on 15 April 2014 in a game against FC Spartak Ryazan. They made their debut for the main squad of FC Spartak Moscow on 26 September 2018 in a Russian Cup game against FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk. They played their first Russian Premier League game for Spartak on 11 November 2018 in a game against FC Ufa as a 65th-minute substitute for Denis Glushakov.
On 27 December 2018, they signed a 3.5-year contract with FC Rubin Kazan. They left Rubin by mutual consent on 26 June 2019.
On 27 June 2019, they signed a 2-year contract with FC Arsenal Tula.
Career statistics
References
External links
1996 births
People from Aleksinsky District
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Khimik-Arsenal players
FC Arsenal Tula players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Sportspeople from Tula Oblast
Taileflaith is a rare Gaelic-Irish woman's name from the early Irish historic era, found in the kingdoms of Munster and Laigin.
Bearers of the name
Almost the only one attested is Taileflaith ingen Cathail, described as mnaoi an Dunchada, .i. Tualaith, inghean Cathail m. Finguine, ri Mumhan, who died as Queen of Leinster between 749 and 754. Them husband was Dúnchad mac Murchado (died 728), and their father was Cathal mac Finguine of the Eóganacht Glendamnach (died 742), who was King of Munster or Cashel and High King of Ireland.
Taileflaith's son, Cellach mac Dúnchada (died 776) was a king of Leinster and ancestor of the Uí Dúnlainge of the kingdom of Laigin. The families of Ó Broin, Ó Tuathail, and Mac Gilla Mo-Cholmóg are the most prominent of their descendants.
References
http://medievalscotland.org/kmo/AnnalsIndex/Feminine/Tuathflaith.shtml
Irish-language feminine given names
The Women's Marathon at the 1993 World Championships in Stuttgart, Germany, was held on Sunday August 15, 1993.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Records
Intermediates
Final ranking
See also
Women's Olympic Marathon (1992)
1993 Marathon Year Ranking
References
Results
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
1993 marathons
Women's marathons
World Championships in Athletics marathon
Marathons in Germany
German submarine U-571 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for the Kriegsmarine of Nazi Germany for service during World War II. U-571 conducted eleven war patrols, sinking five ships totalling , and damaging one other for 11,394 GRT. On 28 January 1944 they were attacked by an Australian-crewed Sunderland aircraft from No. 461 Squadron RAAF west of Ireland and was destroyed by depth charges. All hands were lost.
The fictional 2000 U.S. war film U-571 has no relation to this U-boat, but is very loosely based on the British capture of and their Enigma and cipher keys.
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-571 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Brown, Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-571 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history
Them keel was laid down on 8 June 1940 by Blohm & Voss of Hamburg. They were commissioned on 22 May 1941 with Kapitänleutnant Helmut Möhlmann in command. Under their command U-571 had nine successful patrols in the Arctic and in the North and Central Atlantic. In August and September 1941, U-571 operated against Allied and Soviet forces, damaging the Soviet passenger vessel Marija Uljanova on 26 August.
In 1942, U-571 operated off the east coast of the United States, sinking the British cargo ship on 29 March, the Norwegian tanker M/T Koll on 6 April off Cape Hatteras, and the American freighter Margaret on April 14 after the ship left San Juan, Puerto Rico. Although U-571's log mentions that some of the 8 officers and 21 men managed to get into a lifeboat and onto rafts, none of Margaret's crew was ever seen again. In July 1942 the submarine operated in the Caribbean and torpedoed four ships: the British freighter Umtata on 7 July, the American tanker, J. A. Moffett, Jr. on 8 July, the Honduran freighter Nicholas Cuneo on 9 July and on 15 July the American tanker, Pennsylvania Sun.
The whole crew of J. A. Moffett, Jr. (35 merchant marine and 5 Naval Armed Guard) abandoned ship into two lifeboats and three rafts, except for the master who was killed. The United States Coast Guard vessels Mary Jean and Southbound picked up the 39 survivors and brought them to Florida. When Pennsylvania Sun was torpedoed, two of the merchant crew died in the resulting explosion, but the rest of the 40 merchant marine crew and the 17 members of the Naval Armed Guard aboard survived after being rescued by . Pennsylvania Sun was later salvaged and returned to service, while the other three ships attacked in July were sunk.
On 22 March 1943, U-571 was attacked by an aircraft in the North Atlantic and was damaged and had to return to base. In April 1943, Möhlmann claimed that they sank three additional ships but these could not be matched with records of Allied losses. On 22 April 1943, they had to return to base because the commander was badly injured in an accident on the conning tower. On 2 May 1943, Möhlmann was relieved by Oberleutnant zur See Gustav Lüssow. U-571 patrolled off the west coast of Africa in July before returning to base on 1 September. Between September and December, U-571 was probably being overhauled in a drydock as no mention of the boat for that time period appears in war diary kept by the German Commander in Chief, Submarines, Admiral Karl Dönitz.
On 18 January 1944, Lüssow reported to their submarine command that they attacked and sank an unknown destroyer. This could not, however, be identified with any known Allied losses during World War II.
Fate
On 28 January 1944 they were attacked by an Australian-crewed Sunderland aircraft from No. 461 Squadron RAAF west of Ireland and was destroyed by depth charges. The aircraft's captain, Flight Lieutenant R. D. Lucas, reported that most of the crew successfully abandoned ship, but soon died from hypothermia. A dinghy was dropped but failed to open. U-571 sank with all hands52 deadat . They had not, until their loss, suffered any casualties to their crew during their entire career. The plane, EK577 (callsign "D for Dog"), was crewed partly by Royal Air Force (RAF) personnel and was based at RAF Pembroke Dock, in Wales. The crew was Lucas, Sergeant (Sgt) J. R. Brannan (RAF, a Canadian), Flight Sergeant (F/Sgt) W. J. Darcey, Sgt D. Musson (RAF), F/Sgt S. T. Burnett, Sgt D. McWalker (RAF), Flying Officer (F/O) H. D. Roberts, F/Sgt G. H. Simmonds (RAF), F/O R. H. Prentice, and F/Sgt C. D. Bremner.
Wolfpacks
U-571 took part in 14 wolfpacks, namely:
Stosstrupp (30 October – 4 November 1941)
Raubritter (4 – 17 November 1941)
Störtebecker (17 – 22 November 1941)
Seydlitz (27 December 1941 – 16 January 1942)
Endrass (12 – 17 June 1942)
Panther (10 – 20 October 1942)
Veilchen (20 October – 7 November 1942)
Delphin (26 December 1942 – 19 January 1943)
Landsknecht (19 – 28 January 1943)
Without name (27 – 30 March 1943)
Adler (7 – 13 April 1943)
Meise (13 – 25 April 1943)
Rügen (15 – 26 January 1944)
Hinein (26 – 28 January 1944)
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1941
U-boats sunk in 1944
World War II submarines of Germany
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
1941 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
U-boats sunk by Australian aircraft
U-boats sunk by depth charges
Shipwrecks of Ireland
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in January 1944
S21 or S-21 may refer to:
Transportation
S21 (Berlin), a planned S-Bahn line in Berlin, Germany
S21 (RER Fribourg), an S-Bahn line in the canton of Freibourg, Switzerland
S21 (ZVV), an S-Bahn line in the cantons of Zürich and Zug in Switzerland
County Route S21 (California)
Shin-Fukae Station, on the Osaka Municipal Subway Sennichimae Line
Stuttgart 21, a transportation and urban project in Stuttgart, Germany
Sunriver Airport in Sunriver, Oregon
S21, a line of the Hamburg S-Bahn
Moto-Yawata Station, a terminal of the Toei Shinjuku Line and a station of the Chuo-Sobu Line
Vehicles
Brazilian submarine Tonelero (S21)
HMS Onyx (S21), a British submarine
Sukhoi-Gulfstream S-21, a proposed supersonic business jet
, a 1920 S-class submarine of the United States Navy
Sisu S-21, a Finnish truck
Other uses
Serbia 21 (Srbija 21), a political organization in Serbia
S-21: The Khmer Rouge Killing Machine, a 2003 documentary film
Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum, the former Security Prison 21 in Cambodia
S21: When using do not smoke, a safety phrase in chemistry
Samsung Galaxy S21, a line of smartphones made by Samsung
British NVC community S21, a swamps and tall-herb fens community in the British National Vegetation Classification system
One of the possible scattering parameters describing a linear electrical network
This article includes a list of Albanian monarchs. Albania was first established by the Progon family in 1190, with Progon, Lord of Kruja as the nation's first monarch.
Princes of Arbanon (1190–1256)
House of Progon
Progon (1190–1198)
Gjin Progoni (1198–1208)
Demetrio Progoni (1208–1216)
Gregory Kamonas (1216–1253)
Golem (1253–56)
Princes of Gropa (1258-1395)
Gropa family
Andrea I Gropa
Pal Gropa
Andrea II Gropa
Pal II Gropa
Zacharia Gropa
Captainate of Durazzo (1261-1272)
Andrea Vrana (1261-1272)
Kings of Albania (1272–1294)
Angevin Dynasty
Charles I (1272–1285)
Charles II (1285–1294)
Charles II surrendered their rights to Albania to their son Philip II in 1294. Philip II reigned as "Lord of the Kingdom of Albania" after 1304.
Princes of Berat (1280–1444)
Muzaka family
Andrea I Muzaka (1280–1319)
Teodor I Muzaka (1319–1331)
Andrea II Muzaka (1331–1372) – Despot of Albania
Teodor II Muzaka (1372–1389)
Teodor III Muzaka (1389-1444)
Princes of Matranga (1280-1367)
Mataranga family
Vlash Mataranga
Pal Matranga
Vlash II Mataranga
Lords of the Kingdom of Albania (1304–1332)
Angevin Dynasty
Philip I (1304–1332)
Robert (1332)
Dukes of Durazzo (1332–1368)
Angevin Dynasty
John (1332–1336)
Charles (1336–1348)
Joanna (1348-1368)
Louis (1365–1368), in right of their wife.
Prince of Albania and Lord of Krujë (1328–1444)
Thopia family
Tanusio Thopia Count of Mat (1328-1338)
Andrea I Thopia (1338-1343)
Karl Thopia 1st reign (1355–1382) – Prince of Albania
Karl Thopia 2nd reign (1385–1387) – Prince of Albania
Gjergj Thopia (1387–1392)
Konstantin Balšić (1392-1402)
Helena Thopia (1402-1403)
Niketa Thopia (1403-1415)
Dukes of Valona (1345–1417)
John Komnenos Asen (1345–1363)
Alexander Komnenos Asen (1363–1372)
Balša II (1372–1385)
Komnena (1385–1396)
Mrkša Žarković (1396–1414)
Ruđina Balšić (1414–1417)
Despots of Angelokastron and Lepanto (1358–1374)
Gjin Bua Shpata (1358–1374)
Despots of Arta (1358–1416)
Losha Dynasty
Pjetër Losha (1358–1374)
Shpata dynasty
Gjin Bua Shpata (1374–1399)
Muriq Shpata (1399–1415)
Jakup Shpata (1415–1416)
Prince of Gjirokastër (1373–1418)
Zenebishi family
Gjon Zenebishi (1373–1418)
Princes of Dukagjini (1387–1444)
Dukagjini family
Pal I Dukagjini and Leka I Dukagjini (1387–1393)
Tanush Dukagjini (1393–1438)
Pal II Dukagjini (1438–1444)
Princes of Arianiti
Arianiti family
Komnen Arianiti
Gjergj Arianiti
Princes of Kastrioti (1389–1444)
Kastrioti family
Pal Kastrioti (1383–1407)
Gjon Kastrioti (1407–1437)
Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg (1443-1468) – Lord of Albania
Princes of Zaharia (1396-1444)
Zaharia family
Koja Zaharia (1396-1430)
Lekë Zaharia (1436-1444)
Princes of Albania (1444–1479)
Kastrioti
Gjergj Kastrioti Skanderbeg (1444–1468)
Dukagjini Family
Lekë III Dukagjini (1468–1479)
Pashalik of Shkodra (1757-1831)
Bushati family
Mehmed Bushati (1757–1774)
Mustafa Bushati (1774–1778)
Kara Mahmud Bushati (1778–1796)
Ibrahim Bushati (1796–1810)
Mustafa Sherifi (1810-1831)
Pashalak of Berat (1774-1809)
Ahmet Kurt Pasha (1774-1787)
Ibrahim Pasha of Berat (1787-1809)
Pashalik of Yanina (1787–1822)
Ali Pasha of Yanina (1787–1822)
Prince of (Modern) Albania (1914)
House of Wied
Heads of House of Wied (1914–1973, not ruling)
King of the Albanians (1928–1939)
House of Zogu
House of Zogu (1939–1945)
Italian Occupation (1939–1943)
House of Savoy
See also
List of heads of state of Albania
List of prime ministers of Albania
Bibliography
Patrice Najbor, Histoire de l'Albanie et de sa maison royale (5 volumes), JePublie, Paris, 2008, ().
Patrice Najbor, La dynastye des Zogu, Textes & Prétextes, Paris, 2002.
Monarkia Shqiptare 1928-1939, Qendra e Studimeve Albanologjike & Insitituti Historisë, Boetimet Toena, Tirana, 2011 ()
References
External links
Albanian Royal Court
Maison royale d'Albanie
Albania
Albanian
The Chadormalu Mining and Industrial Company (CMIC) (, Shirkat-e Mi'dâni-ye vâ Sân'ti-ye Cadermilu) was established in June 1992 in Tehran, Iran.
CMIC is the main iron ore concentrate producer by direct reduction in the Middle East, with seven million ton per year; it produces up to 1,000,000 ton/year of crushed iron ore for blast furnaces and export.
With a market capitalization of $2 billion in 2007, CMIC is one of the largest companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange.
CMIC has been awarded ISO 9001, ISO 14001, and OHSAS 18001 certification.
See also
IMIDRO -Iranian Mines & Mining Industries Development & Renovation
Mining in Iran
Transport in Iran
References
External links
Mining companies of Iran
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1992
1992 establishments in Iran
Companies listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange
Iranian entities subject to the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctions
Arnold Wright (1858–1941) was from 1888 to 1900 the London editor of the Yorkshire Post.
They were trained for journalism under their father, and in 1879 they went to India to take work on the Times of India.
In Australia they were a private secretary to Anna Brassey and was on board the Sunbeam when they died. After their death they were involved in the production of their posthumously published work The Last Voyage.
After leaving the Yorkshire Post they wrote and edited much travel reference books, notably the Twentieth Century Impressions series. They visited Ceylon in 1906, to complete that edition of the series.
Wright was also the part author of Parliament, Past and Present
In 1933 they were awarded a Civil list pension in recognition of their literary work.
Works
Twentieth Century Impressions – Editor-in-Chief or Historian in most volumes between 1901 and 1914
Notes
References
The Times (London, England), Monday, 17 Feb. 1941; pg. 7; Issue 48852.
English writers
1858 births
1941 deaths
English journalists
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vladivostok was a Latin Catholic bishopric in eastern Russia and West Turkestan (1923-2002).
History
It was established on 2 February 1923 as Diocese of Vladivostok, on Czarist Russian imperial territory, canonically split off from the Apostolic Vicariate of Siberia.
On 1991.04.13, following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, it lost huge territories to establish the Apostolic Administration of Kazakhstan and Apostolic Administration of Novosibirsk.
On 2002.02.11 it was suppressed, its territory being merged into the Diocese of Saint Joseph at Irkutsk, within which Vladivostok remains a deanery.
Episcopal ordinaries
(probably incomplete; Roman Rite)
Bishops of Vladivostok
Karol Slivosky (1923.02.02 – 1933.01.06), Russian.
See also
Mother of God Church, Vladivostok, possibly the former episcopal see
External links
GCatholic, with Google satellite photo
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Europe
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Asia
Christian organizations established in 1923
1923 establishments in Russia
Religious organizations disestablished in 2002
2002 disestablishments in Russia
Christian organizations disestablished in the 2000s
Jefferson County Jail is a national historic site located at 380 West Dogwood Street, Monticello, Florida in Jefferson County. The Masonry Vernacular building was constructed in 1909, with alterations in 1940 and 1960.
The design is typical for small jails of the early twentieth century: on the first floor there are the living quarters for the sheriff or deputy and their family, and on the second floor there are the steel cages for the inmates.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 15, 2014.
The building is under restoration and is now operated as the Monticello Old Jail Museum by Main Street of Monticello, Florida, Inc.
References
External links
Monticello Old Jail Museum - Facebook site
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Florida
Museums in Jefferson County, Florida
Prisons on the National Register of Historic Places
Prison museums in Florida
Olympic is a Czech rock band, founded in 1962 in Prague. The group celebrated 55 years in 2017.
Members
Petr Janda (guitar, lead vocals)
Milan Broum (bass guitar, backing vocals)
Martin Vajgl (drums, backing vocals)
Pavel Březina (keyboards, backing vocals)
Former members
Petr Kaplan (rhythm guitar, vocals, 1962–1963; died 2007)
Jaromír Klempíř (keyboards/ionika, 1962–1964; died 2016)
Pavel Bobek (vocals, 1962–1965; died 2013)
Jiří Laurent (rhythm guitar, vocals, 1963–1965; died 2016)
Miki Volek (vocals, 1962–1966; died 1996)
Pavel Chrastina (bass guitar, vocals, 1962–1969; died 2021)
Jan Antonín Pacák (drums, vocals, 1965–1971; died 2007)
Petr Hejduk (drums, vocals, 1971–1985; died 1995)
Miroslav Berka (keyboards, vocals, 1962–1987; died 1987)
Milan Peroutka (drums, vocals, 1986–2013; died 2013)
Jiří Valenta (keyboards, vocals, 1986–2020)
Discography
Studio albums
1968: Želva (Supraphon)
1969: Pták Rosomák (Supraphon)
1971: Jedeme jedeme (Supraphon)
1973: Olympic 4 (Supraphon)
1978: Marathon (Supraphon)
1980: Prázdniny na Zemi (Supraphon)
1981: Ulice (Supraphon)
1984: Laboratoř (Supraphon) / Laboratory (Artia)
1985: Kanagom (Supraphon)
1986: Bigbít (Supraphon)
1988: Když ti svítí zelená (Supraphon)
1990: Ó jé (Supraphon)
1994: Dávno BEST I.A., a.s.
1997: Brejle BEST I.A., a.s.
1999: Karavana BEST I.A., a.s.
2003: Dám si tě klonovat BEST I.A., a.s.
2006: Trilogy (3CD) BEST I.A., a.s. Pozn.: Znovunatočená alba Prázdniny..., Ulice a Laboratoř
2007: Sopka BEST I.A., a.s.
2011: Back to Love BEST I.A., a.s. Pozn.: Nikdy nevydané album natočené ve Francii 1969.
2013: Souhvězdí šílenců (Supraphon)
2014: Souhvězdí drsňáků (Supraphon)
2015: Souhvězdí romantiků (Supraphon)
2018: Trilobit (Supraphon)
2020: Kaťata (Supraphon)
References
External links
Czechoslovak rock music groups
Czech rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1962
Zlatý slavík winners
1962 establishments in Czechoslovakia
Orthotylus flavinervis is a Palearctic species, commonly found on alder and sycamore. Their upper surface is covered in dense and pale hairs, and their wing membrane is observed to be dusky, with yellow veins throughout.
References
Orthotylus
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1856
The Marconi Company was a British telecommunications and engineering company that did business under that name from 1963 to 1987. Its roots were in the Wireless Telegraph & Signal Company founded by Italian inventor Guglielmo Marconi in 1897, which underwent several changes in name after mergers and acquisitions. The company was a pioneer of wireless long distance communication and mass media broadcasting, eventually becoming one of the UK's most successful manufacturing companies. In 1999, its defence equipment manufacturing division, Marconi Electronic Systems, merged with British Aerospace (BAe) to form BAE Systems. In 2006, financial difficulties led to the collapse of the remaining company, with the bulk of the business acquired by the Swedish telecommunications company, Ericsson.
History
Naming history
1897–1900: The Wireless Telegraph & Signal Company
1900–1963: Marconi's Wireless Telegraph Company
1963–1987: Marconi Company Ltd
1987–1998: GEC-Marconi Ltd
1998–1999: Marconi Electronic Systems Ltd
1999–2003: Marconi plc, with Marconi Communications as principal subsidiary
2003–2006: Marconi Corporation plc
Early history
Marconi's "Wireless Telegraph and Signal Company" was formed on 20 July 1897 after the granting of a British patent for wireless in March of that year. The company opened the world's first radio factory on Hall Street in Chelmsford northeast of London in 1898 and was responsible for some of the most important advances in radio and television. These include:
The diode vacuum tube in 1904 (Fleming)
Transatlantic radio broadcasting between Clifden, Ireland and Glace Bay, Nova Scotia, October 17, 1907.
High frequency tuned broadcasting
Formation of the British Broadcasting Company (later to become the independent BBC)
Formation of the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America (assets acquired by RCA in 1920)
Marconi International Marine Communication Co. (M.I.M.C.Co.), founded 1900 in London
Compagnie de Télégraphie sans Fil (C.T.S.F.), founded 1900 in the City of Brussels
Short wave beam broadcasting
Radar
Television
Avionics
The subsidiary Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America, also called "American Marconi", was founded in 1899. It was the dominant radio communications provider in the US until the formation of the Radio Corporation of America (RCA) in 1919.
In 1900 the company's name was changed to "Marconi's Wireless Telegraph Company" and Marconi's Wireless Telegraph Training College was established in 1901. The company and factory was moved to New Street Works in 1912 to allow for production expansion in light of the RMS Titanic disaster. Along with private entrepreneurs, Marconi company formed in 1924 the Unione Radiofonica Italiana (URI), which was granted by Mussolini's regime a monopoly of radio broadcasts in 1924. After the war, URI became the RAI, which lives on to this day.
In 1939, the Marconi Research Laboratories at Great Baddow were founded and in 1941 there was a buyout of Marconi-Ekco Instruments to form Marconi Instruments.
Operations as English Electric subsidiary
English Electric acquired the Marconi Company in 1946 which complemented its other operations; heavy electrical engineering, aircraft and its railway traction business. In 1948 the company was reorganised into four divisions: Communications, Broadcasting, Aeronautics and Radar.
These had expanded to 13 manufacturing divisions by 1965 when a further reorganisation took place. The divisions were placed into three groups: Telecommunications, Components and Electronics.
At this time the Marconi Company had facilities at New Street Chelmsford, Baddow, Basildon, Billericay, and Writtle as well as in Wembley, Gateshead and Hackbridge. It also owned Marconi Instruments, Sanders Electronics, Eddystone Radio and Marconi Italiana (based in Genoa, Italy). In 1967 Marconi took over Stratton and Company to form Eddystone Radio.
Expansion in Canada
In 1903, Marconi founded the Marconi's Wireless Telegraph Company of Canada which was renamed as the Canadian Marconi Company in 1925. The radio business of the Canadian Marconi Company is known as Ultra Electronics TCS since 2002 and its avionic activities as CMC Electronics, owned by Esterline since 2007.
Expansion as GEC subsidiary
In 1967 or 1968, English Electric was subject to a takeover bid by the Plessey Company but chose instead to accept an offer from GEC. Under UK government pressure, the computer section of GEC, English Electric Leo Marconi (EELM), merged with International Computers and Tabulators (ICT) to form International Computers Limited (ICL). The computer interests of Elliott Automation which specialised in real-time computing were amalgamated with those of Marconi's Automation Division to form Marconi-Elliott Computers, later renamed as GEC Computers. In 1968 Marconi Space and Defence Systems and Marconi Underwater Systems were formed.
The Marconi Company continued as the primary defence subsidiary of GEC, GEC-Marconi. Marconi was renamed GEC-Marconi in 1987. During the period 1968–1999 GEC-Marconi/MES underwent significant expansion.
Acquisitions which were folded into the company and partnerships established included:
Defence operations of Associated Electrical Industries in 1968, AEI had been acquired in 1967.
Yarrow Shipbuilders in 1985
Ferranti defence businesses in 1990
Ferranti Dynamics in 1992
Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering in 1995
Alenia Marconi Systems in 1998, a defence electronics company and an equal shares joint venture between GEC-Marconi and Finmeccanica's Alenia Difesa.
Tracor in 1998.
Other acquisitions included:
Divisions of Plessey in 1989 (others acquired by its partner in the deal, Siemens AG, to meet with regulatory approval).
Plessey Avionics
Plessey Naval Systems
Plessey Cryptography
Plessey Electronic Systems (75%)
Sippican
Leigh Instruments
In a major reorganisation of the company, GEC-Marconi was renamed Marconi Electronic Systems in 1996 and was separated from other non-defence assets.
Since 1999
In 1999, GEC underwent a major transformation. Marconi Electronic Systems, which included its wireless assets, was demerged and sold to British Aerospace which then formed BAE Systems.
GEC, realigning itself as a primarily telecommunications company following the MES sale, retained the Marconi brand and renamed itself Marconi plc. BAE were granted limited rights to continue use of the Marconi name in existing partnerships, which had ceased by 2005. Major spending and the dot-com collapse led to a major restructuring of the Marconi group in 2003: in a debt-for-equity swap, shareholders retained 0.5% of the new company, Marconi Corporation plc.
In October 2005 the Swedish firm Ericsson offered to buy the Marconi name and most of the assets. The transaction was completed on 23 January 2006, effective as of 1 January 2006. The remainder of the Marconi company, with some 2,000 staff working on telecommunications infrastructure in the UK and the Republic of Ireland, was renamed Telent.
See also
Aerospace industry in the United Kingdom
GEC-Marconi scientist deaths conspiracy theory
Marconiphone
Marconi-Osram Valve
Imperial Wireless Chain
Sinking of the RMS Titanic (section 14 April 1912)
References
Baker, W. J. (1970, 1996) History of the Marconi Company 1894–1965.
External links
Ericsson press release about the acquisition
Catalogue of the Marconi Archives At the Department of Special Collections and Western Manuscripts, Bodleian Library, University of Oxford
Marconi Calling The Life, Science and Achievements of Guglielmo Marconi
History of Marconi House
Electronics companies of the United Kingdom
Computer companies of the United Kingdom
Telegraph companies of the United Kingdom
Defunct technology companies of the United Kingdom
Defunct computer hardware companies
Guglielmo Marconi
Companies based in Chelmsford
General Electric Company
Radio manufacturers
Knopf may refer to:
Alfred A. Knopf, a New York publishing house co-founded by:
Alfred A. Knopf Sr. (1892–1984)
Blanche Knopf (1894–1966)
Knopf (surname), including a list of people with the name
See also
The 1918 Giro di Lombardia was the 14th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 10 November 1918. The race started in Milan and finished in Sesto San Giovanni. The race was won by Gaetano Belloni of the Bianchi team.
General classification
References
1918
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Franklin High School is a public high school located in Reisterstown, Maryland, United States, an old historic town in the now northwestern suburbs of the modern City of Baltimore in Baltimore County, Maryland. It is in the Baltimore County Public Schools system.
Background
Currently located in Reisterstown near the intersection of Franklin Boulevard and Reisterstown Road, Franklin High has a long history. It was established on January 10, 1821 as the "Franklin Academy", a private school. The school went public in 1848, but wasn't completely under public control until 1874. Its name was then temporarily changed to the "Reisterstown High School". By 1896, the name of the school was changed back to reflect its earlier heritage, that of "Franklin High School". It is to be considered the oldest high school in the now Baltimore County Public Schools system, and one of the oldest in the Baltimore metropolitan area and the State.
Before this time, in most of the county, prospective students, who passed the level of grammar (or elementary school) were able to travel into the central City of Baltimore if they wanted to continue on into public high schools. The more advanced and heavily populated City had been pushed by progressive and enlightened citizens and voters who went to the Maryland General Assembly which authorized the Baltimore City government in 1825 to establish a system of free public education and schools.
This was finally begun by the resolutions and ordinances of the Baltimore City Council and signed by the Mayor of Baltimore in 1829, which were the first in the State. Four grammar schools were initially established that year, two in each side of the city, with one for boys and one for girls. Within a few more years, additional grammar schools were created in various corners of town.
Ten years later, in March 1839, the city council authorized the establishment of a new higher type of school, which had already been established in Boston and Philadelphia, and soon spread throughout their respective states of Massachusetts and Pennsylvania, that of the "Public High School".. In October 1839, the "High School" for Baltimore opened with 46 boy students and one teacher/professor in a rented townhouse on Courtland Street (now St. Paul Street and Place) near East Saratoga Streets (now the location of "Preston Gardens" and nearby Mercy Hospital, now Mercy Medical Center) The High School moved several times in its first five years, and finally settled and went through three major sites/buildings in its now 175-year history. It changed names too, first becoming the "Male High School" when two additional public high schools for females were established in 1844, a few months apart in opposites sides of the city, known as Eastern and Western. In the 1850s, the Male High School became known as the "Central High School of Baltimore", until 1866, when the City Council authorized its final name of the "Baltimore City College" (B.C.C. or "City College" or "City"). For a number of decades in the late 19th century, the now B.C.C. served as both high school and an early sort of "junior" or "community college". Its curriculum, faculty and academic standards were much more advanced than most of today's high schools although only a small percentage of the teen-age population were able to go because of poverty or work conditions before the era of "compulsory education" school laws.
Many students, however, from the county's rural farms and villages traveled by horseback, horse and buggy or cart, wagon, or the new "streetcar" system, with its rails reaching out all over the area by the early 20th century, when they were electrified and rode on rails. The math-science and engineering/technical high school was established a half-century later in 1883, as they "Baltimore Manual Training School", which was later changed a decade later to its current famous name, the "Baltimore Polytechnic Institute" ("Poly" or BPI).
A "Colored" High School and Grammar School" was also finally established in 1883 after a long battle from the city's large Afro-American population which had gotten an earlier advance of some grammar public schools for their people after 1865, expanding the small, racially segregated school system, although at first with white teachers. Another decade of agitation was required before "colored" teachers were admitted to the BCPS. Later by 1925, the "Colored High School" was renamed "Frederick Douglass High School", then located in West Baltimore at several locations since the founding then settling in at Carey and Baker Streets. It was joined after 1937 by "Paul Laurence Dunbar Community High School" in East Baltimore and Orleans Street near North Central Avenue. Around 1925, also a "Colored" Vocational High School was started in several "hand-me-down" buildings until 1955 when a new, well-equipped structure was built at Presstman Street near North Bentalou Street, also in West Baltimore for the newly renamed "George Washington Carver Vocational-Technical High School".
The few African-American students from Baltimore County, who could afford the carfare or somehow otherwise get to the city, had to attend the city's "Negro" high schools: Douglass, Dunbar or Carver all the way until the 1930s and 1940s until their own "George Washington Carver High School" in Towson was established for the county's blacks, generally then concentrated in East Towson or several other small villages scattered around the county.
Baltimore County was established in 1659 and originally included most of northeast Maryland. Eventually over the next two centuries, several other counties had been cut off and separated, including: Harford, Cecil, Carroll, and Howard It had two county seats in the late 1600s and early 1700s known as "Old Baltimore" on the Bush River, near the Chesapeake Bay, (in modern Harford County). Then Joppa, in northeastern Baltimore County. The City which had been founded earlier in 1729 as "Baltimore Town", and incorporated as a city in 1797, (following the merger of three small villages: "Baltimore Town", "Jones' Town" and "Fell's Point"). Baltimore City had served as the third county seat with both city and county courts, sheriffs and single joint city/county jail, from 1767 to 1851, whereupon with the adoption that year of the Maryland Constitution of 1851, Baltimore City was separated and became an independent city with the same status as the other 23 counties of State of Maryland. The county seat was then chosen to be Towsontown after a referendum/election by the voters in 1853. Construction of a new courthouse, (the center part of the present County Courts complex) began in 1854 with also a county jail and an "almshouse" required by constitutional mandate.
The original Franklin Academy private school building was built on Cockeysmill Road, where the Reisterstown branch of the Baltimore County Public Library is now located. In 1905, a new building was built for the public high school, leaving the old Academy building to be used for the elementary school, the now developing system of the Baltimore County Public Schools. An additional building was built in 1914, and another in 1930 to house the growing student population. Of these three buildings, only the 1914/1930 brick structure still stands on Main Street in Reisterstown, currently housing Franklin Middle School. Franklin High School was moved to a more modern building in 1960 about a mile down the road, where it remains to this day. Since 1960, two additions have been built, the most recent in 2000 to deal with the increasing severe overcrowding.
Academics
Franklin High school received a 51.6 out of a possible 90 points (57%) on the 2018-2019 Maryland State Department of Education Report Card and received a 3 out of 5-star rating, ranking in the 42nd percentile among all Maryland schools.
Students
The 2019–2020 enrollment at Franklin High School was 1511 students.
Athletics
Franklin High School has won the following State Championships:
State Championships
Football
Class 3A 2013, 2014, 2018
Boys Basketball
Class B 1948
Girls Indoor Track
3A 2015, 2017, 2018
Wrestling
2A-1A 1999
Baseball
Class A 1985
Softball
Eugene Robertson Sportsmanship Award 2008
Notable alumni
Nancy R. Stocksdale - Member of the Maryland House of Delegates.
Moose Haas - a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1976 to 1987.
Thomas Rowe Price Jr. - founder of the company T. Rowe Price
Amit Mehta - the first Asian American to serve as a US Federal Judge.
Jean Worthley - naturalist and former host of Hodgepodge Lodge and On Nature's Trail.
References
External links
Public high schools in Maryland
Baltimore County Public Schools
Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools
Reisterstown, Maryland
Jean Marie Henri (Soesoe) van Oostrom Soede (25 October 1911 in Groede – 18 December 1939 in Wassenaar) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
They were part of the Dutch team which finished fifth in the 1936 tournament. They played all seven matches.
References
Olympics at Sports-Reference.com
1911 births
1939 deaths
Dutch male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of the Netherlands
People from Sluis
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Zeeland
Didier Codorniou (born 13 February 1958 in Narbonne) is a former French rugby union player and a French politician. They played as a Centre.
Codorniou played for RC Narbonne and Stade Toulousain. They earned their first national cap on 7 July 1979 against the All Blacks, in the first victory France had achieved over the New Zealand team in New Zealand.
In Path to Victory former Australian flyhalf Mark Ella wrote of Codorniou that, "After playing against Didier Codorniou, I thought they were the best centre in the world. They directed all the backline traffic. They had the ball skills to set the play up or be an electrifying individualist."
Honours
Grand Slam : 1981
French rugby champion, 1979 with RC Narbonne and 1989 with Stade Toulousain.
Challenge Yves du Manoir 1978, 1979 and 1984 with RC Narbonne
Notes
References
1958 births
Living people
French rugby union players
Stade Toulousain players
Rugby union centres
France international rugby union players
Knights of the Ordre du Mérite Maritime
Officers of the National Order of Merit (France)
Dhoke Khabba (literal meaning "The Town on the Left") is a neighbourhood and a Union Council of Rawalpindi City located in the heart of Rawalpindi City, in close proximity to Murree Road and next to Pakistan Air Force (PAF) Noor Khan Base. It has many old homes of pre-partition era of the Indian subcontinent. Nearby main bus stop is Committee Chowk. Noorani and Chup Shah are famous mosques.
Although many college level educational institutes are present in close proximity of this area, literacy rate here remains quiet low. Most of the people here manage their own small businesses and some of them are living abroad i.e. in Australia, UK, Sweden, Germany, Dubai, and Saudi Arabia.
Dhoke Khabba has a famous Sunday market (Itwar Bazaar) near the old Kahakshan cinema. Famous adjacent areas are Dhoke Farman Ali, Dhoke Elahi Baksh, Arya Mohallah.
Dhoke Khabba is connected via Rawal Road and Murree Road. It consists of several streets. It is also known for its graveyard. It also adjoins Mukha Singh-a sub constituent of Dhoke Khabba- which includes a park.
Near Dhoke khabba is Rawalpindi Institute of Cardiology inaugurated by Mian Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif in 2010.
Populated places in Rawalpindi City
Union Councils of Rawalpindi City
Rawalpindi City
Saelele is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Pleașov and Saelele. These were part of Lunca Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Malik Nauman Ahmad Langrial is a Pakistani politician who is the current Provincial Minister of Punjab for Agriculture, in office since 29 August 2018. They have been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since August 2018.
Previously they were a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 and a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 2002 to 2007.
Early life and education
They were born on 25 June 1968 in Lahore.
They graduated in 1989 and has a degree of Bachelor of Arts.
Political career
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-226 (Sahiwal-VII) as a candidate of National Alliance in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 33,693 votes and defeated Mian Asad Masood, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-163 (Sahiwal-IV) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 39,864 votes and defeated Begum Shahnaz Javed, a candidate of PPP.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-163 (Sahiwal-IV) as a candidate of PML (Q) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 67,076 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Munir Azhar.
They were re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) from Constituency PP-202 (Sahiwal-VII) in 2018 Pakistani general election.
On 27 August 2018, they were inducted into the provincial Punjab cabinet of Chief Minister Sardar Usman Buzdar without any ministerial portfolio. On 29 August 2018, they were appointed as Provincial Minister of Punjab for Agriculture. In March, 2021 Langrial became a part of dissenting group called the Janghair Tareen group. The Janghair Tareen group was made after a close friend of Imran Khan and core member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf was investigated under Sugar scandal during their own government. In April 2, 2022 Langrial joined forward block against their own party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and supported opposition's candidate Hamza Shahbaz. Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi send a reference against MPAs including Langrial defected from party's policy.
They de-seated due to vote against party policy for Chief Minister of Punjab election on 16 April 2022.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
1968 births
Punjab MPAs 2002–2007
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf MPAs (Punjab)
Provincial ministers of Punjab
Pseudatteria pantherina is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1875
Pseudatteria
The Lorax (also known as Dr. Seuss' The Lorax) is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Illumination Entertainment and distributed by Universal Pictures. The second screen adaptation of Dr. Seuss' children's book of the same name following the 1972 animated television special, the film was directed by Chris Renaud, co-directed by Kyle Balda (in their feature directorial debut), and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy, with Ken Daurio, Cinco Paul, and Seuss' widow Audrey Geisel serving as executive producers. Paul and Daurio also wrote the film's screenplay. The film stars the voices of Danny DeVito, Ed Helms, Zac Efron, Taylor Swift, Rob Riggle, Jenny Slate, and Betty White. It builds on the book by expanding the story of the Lorax and Ted, the previously unnamed boy who visits the Once-ler.
The film had its world premiere at Universal Studios in Los Angeles on February 19, 2012, and was theatrically released in the United States by Universal Pictures on March 2, 2012, which would have been Seuss's 108th birthday. It received mixed reviews from critics who praised its animation, musical score, and voice acting but criticized its characters. It also received backlash for its marketing, noting its contradictions to the book's message. The film grossed $349 million worldwide on a $70 million budget.
Plot
Twelve-year-old Ted Wiggins lives in Thneedville, a walled city where all vegetation and plant life is artificial. Ted is infatuated with a teenage girl named Audrey and decides to impress them with a "real tree." Their grandmother, Norma, tells them about the Once-ler, who knows what happened to the trees. Ted leaves Thneedville and discovers that the outside world is a barren, contaminated wasteland. They find the Once-ler, who agrees to tell Ted the story of the trees over multiple visits. The next time they leaf town, Ted encounters Thneedville's greedy mayor, Aloysius O'Hare, whose company sells bottled oxygen. Explaining that trees and the oxygen they produce pose a threat to their business, O'Hare pressures Ted to stay in town, but Ted continues to visit the Once-ler.
The Once-ler recounts how, as a young inventor, they arrived in a lush forest of Truffula Trees. Upon chopping down a tree, they were confronted by the Lorax, the self-proclaimed "guardian of the forest." After attempting to force the Once-ler out, the Lorax made them promise not to cut down any more trees. Using the Truffula fibers, the Once-ler created the "Thneed," a knitted garment with multiple uses, which became a major success. They harvested the Truffula tufts in a sustainable manner until their unscrupulous relatives persuaded them to resume cutting down trees to speed up production, leading to large profits, but also deforestation and pollution. After the final Truffula tree was felled, the Once-ler was ruined and abandoned by their family. With the region uninhabitable, the Lorax sent the native animals away and vanished into the sky, leaving behind only a small pile of rocks with the word "Unless" written on it.
The Once-ler gives Ted the last Truffula seed and tells them to plant it and make others care about trees. Ted returns home to plant the seed, but is spotted by O'Hare's city-wide surveillance system. Enlisting the help of Audrey and their family, Ted flees to the center of town with the seed. O'Hare rallies the citizens against Ted, claiming that trees are dangerous and filthy. Ted uses a bulldozer to knock down a section of the city wall, revealing the environmental desolation outside. Inspired by Ted's conviction, the crowd turns on O'Hare, whose henchmen banish him, and the seed is finally planted.
As time passes, the land begins to recover. New trees sprout, animals return, and the Once-ler reunites with the Lorax. The film ends with a quote from Dr. Seuss: "Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not."
Cast
Danny DeVito as The Lorax, a mystical orange furry creature with a yellow moustache, who protects the truffula forest
Ed Helms as The Once-ler, a reclusive old man and former inventor
Zac Efron as Ted Wiggins, an idealistic 12-year-old boy  They are named after the author of the book, Dr. Seuss (Theodor Geisel)
Taylor Swift as Audrey, Ted's love interest  They are named after Audrey Geisel, Dr. Seuss's wife
Rob Riggle as Aloysius O'Hare, the diminutive and greedy mayor of Thneedville and head of the "O'Hare Air" company that supplies fresh air to Thneedville residents
Jenny Slate as Mrs. Wiggins, Ted's neurotic mother and Grammy Norma's daughter
Betty White as Grammy Norma, Ted's wise-cracking grandmother and Mrs. Wiggins's mother
Nasim Pedrad as Isabella, the Once-ler's mother
Stephen Tobolowsky as Uncle Ubb, the Once-ler's uncle
Elmarie Wendel as Aunt Grizelda, the Once-ler's aunt. This was Wendel's final film role before their death on July 21, 2018
Danny Cooksey as Brett and Chet, the Once-ler's twin brothers
Joel Swetow as the 1st Marketing Guy
Michael Beattie as the 2nd Marketing Guy
Dave B. Mitchell as the 1st Commercial Guy
Dempsey Pappion as the 2nd Commercial Guy
Chris Renaud as assorted forest animals
Production
The film is the fourth feature film based on a book by Dr. Seuss, the second fully computer-animated adaptation (the first one being Horton Hears a Who!), and the first to be released in 3D. The Lorax was also Illumination's first film presented in IMAX 3D (known as "IMAX Tree-D" in publicity for the film). The idea for the film was initiated by Audrey Geisel, Dr. Seuss's wife, who had an established partnership with Chris Meledandri, the producer of the film, from a collaboration on Horton Hears a Who!. Geisel approached Meledandri when they launched Illumination Entertainment, saying "This is the one I want to do next". The film was officially announced in July 2009, with Meledandri attached as the producer and Geisel as the executive producer. Chris Renaud and Kyle Balda were announced as the director and co-director of the film, while Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio, the duo who wrote the script for Horton Hears a Who!, were set to write the screenplay. In 2010, it was announced that Danny DeVito would be voicing the Lorax character.
The film was fully produced at the French studio Illumination Mac Guff, which was the animation department of Mac Guff, acquired by Illumination Entertainment in the summer of 2011. DeVito reprised their role in five different languages, including the original English audio, and also for the Russian language, German, Italian, Catalan/Valencian, and Castillan Spanish And Latin Spanish dub editions, learning their lines phonetically. Universal added an environmental message to the film's website after a fourth-grade class in Brookline, Massachusetts, launched a successful petition through Change.org.
Release
The film was released on March 2, 2012, in the United States and Canada. It was later released on July 27, 2012 in the United Kingdom. It was also the first film to feature the current Universal Pictures logo, with a rearranged version of the fanfare, originally composed by Jerry Goldsmith and arranged by Brian Tyler, as part of the studio's 100th anniversary.
Marketing controversy
Despite the original Lorax being made as a critique of capitalism and pollution, Mazda used the likeness of The Loraxs setting and characters in an advertisement for their CX-5 SUV. This was seen by some as the complete opposite of the work's original meaning. In response, Stephanie Sperber, president of Universal partnerships and licensing, said Universal chose to partner with the Mazda CX-5 because it is "a really good choice for consumers to make who may not have the luxury or the money to buy electric or buy hybrid. It's a way to take the better environmental choice to everyone."
The film has also been used to sell Seventh Generation disposable diapers. In total, Illumination Entertainment struck more than 70 different product integration deals for the film.
Home media
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on August 7, 2012.
Mini-movies
Three mini-movies were released on the Lorax Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack on August 7, 2012: Serenade, Wagon Ho!, and Forces of Nature.
Serenade
Lou wants to impress a girl Barbaloot, but they have some competition.
Wagon Ho!
Barbaloots Pipsqueak and Lou take the Once-ler's wagon without their permission for a joyride.
Forces of Nature
The Lorax makes Pipsqueak an "Honorary Lorax" and they team up to try to scare the Once-ler.
Video game
Blockdot created a mobile puzzle game based on the film, titled Truffula Shuffula. The game was released on February 1, 2012, for iOS and Android platforms.
Reception
Critical response
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, The Lorax holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of . The site's critical consensus reads, "Dr. Seuss' The Lorax is cute and funny enough but the moral simplicity of the book gets lost with the zany Hollywood production values." On Metacritic, the film achieved a score of 46 out of 100 based on reviews from 30 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.
New York magazine film critic David Edelstein on NPR's All Things Considered strongly objected to the film, arguing that the Hollywood animation and writing formulas washed out the spirit of the book. "This kind of studio 3-D feature animation is all wrong for the material," they wrote. Demonstrating how the book's text was used in the film in this excerpt from the review, Edelstein discusses Audrey describing the truffula trees to Ted:
The film also garnered some positive reviews from critics such as Richard Roeper, who called it a "solid piece of family entertainment". Roger Moore of the Pittsburgh Tribune called the film "a feast of bright, Seuss colors, and wonderful Seuss design", and supported its environmentalist message.
Box office
The film grossed $214.4 million in North America, and $134.8 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $349.2 million.
The film topped the North American box office with $17.5 million on its opening day (Friday, March 2, 2012). During the weekend, it grossed $70.2 million, easily beating the other new nationwide release, Project X ($21 million), and all other films. This was the biggest opening for an Illumination Entertainment film, and for a feature film adaptation of a book by Dr. Seuss, as well as the second-largest for an environmentalist film. It also scored the third-best debut for a film opening in March, and the eighth-best of all time for an animated film. The Lorax stayed at No. 1 the following weekend, dropping 45% to $38.8 million and beating all new nationwide releases, including Disney's John Carter (second place).
On April 11, 2012, it became the first animated film in nearly a year to gross more than $200 million in North America, since Walt Disney Animation Studios' Tangled.
Music
The soundtrack for the film was composed by John Powell, who had previously composed the score for Horton Hears a Who!, and the songs were written by Cinco Paul. There were two soundtrack albums released for the film. One being Powell's film score and the other being the original songs written by Powell and Paul performed by various artists. Original songs written for the film include "Thneedville", "This is the Place", "Everybody Needs a Thneed", "How Bad Can I Be?", and "Let It Grow".
See also
List of films based on Dr. Seuss books
References
External links
2012 films
2012 3D films
2012 computer-animated films
2010s American animated films
2010s fantasy-comedy films
2010s musical comedy films
American children's animated comedy films
American children's animated fantasy films
American children's animated musical films
American computer-animated films
American fantasy-comedy films
American musical comedy films
American musical fantasy films
American dystopian films
Animated films based on children's books
Advertising and marketing controversies in film
Environmental films
Fictional endangered and extinct species
Films based on works by Dr. Seuss
American nonlinear narrative films
Illumination (company) animated films
IMAX films
Universal Pictures animated films
Universal Pictures films
Animated films about bears
Animated films about birds
Animated films about families
Animated films about fish
Animated films about friendship
Films about trees
Films scored by John Powell
Films set in forests
Films directed by Chris Renaud
Films with screenplays by Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio
3D animated films
2012 animated films
2010s musical fantasy films
2012 comedy films
Films produced by Chris Meledandri
Films produced by Janet Healy
2010s English-language films
The streak-fronted thornbird (Phacellodomus striaticeps) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in the eastern half of the Puna grassland. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
streak-fronted thornbird
Birds of the Puna grassland
streak-fronted thornbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Wedding Trip () is a 1969 German-Italian comedy film directed by Ralf Gregan and starring Liselotte Pulver, Dieter Hallervorden and Ewa Strömberg.
Synopsis
After seven years of marriage a German couple finally go on their honeymoon to Rome, but the trip is beset by problems.
Cast
Liselotte Pulver as Hannelore Schmidt
Dieter Hallervorden as Lukas Andreas Martin Schmidt
Ewa Strömberg as Kay
Memmo Carotenuto as Arturo Santoni
Alberto Farnese as Rossano Bertorelli
Angelo Sorrentini as Galoppini
Armando Carini as Hotelboy Pepino
Dieter Hallervorden Jr. as Angelo Galoppini
References
Bibliography
Bock, Hans-Michael & Bergfelder, Tim. The Concise CineGraph. Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.
External links
1969 films
1969 comedy films
German comedy films
West German films
1960s German-language films
Films directed by Ralf Gregan
Italian comedy films
Films about vacationing
1960s German films
1960s Italian films
The February 9–10, 2010 North American blizzard was a winter and severe weather event that afflicted the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and New England regions of the United States between February 9–11, 2010, affecting some of the same regions that had experienced a historic Nor'easter three days prior. The storm brought of snow across a wide swath from Washington, DC to New York City, with parts of the Baltimore metro area receiving more than . This storm began as a classic "Alberta clipper", starting out in Canada and then moving southeast, and finally curving northeast while rapidly intensifying off the New Jersey coast, forming an eye. The National Weather Service, in an interview with The Baltimore Sun's weather reporter Frank Roylance, likened this storm to a Category 1 hurricane. Forecasters told Roylance that "Winds topped 58 mph over part of the Chesapeake Bay, and 40 mph gusts were common across the region as the storm's center deepened and drifted slowly along the mid-Atlantic coast". This storm system, in conjunction with the first storm 3 days prior, has been nicknamed Snoverkill.
History
This storm appeared similar to the North American Blizzard of 2005 because it redeveloped off the Atlantic coast and intensified into a powerful nor'easter. This storm began around Big Bend of Texas on the morning of the 8th. It moved northeast and reached the Tennessee Valley on the morning of the 9th. At 7 p.m. EST on the 9th, it was located near Charleston, South Carolina. It then moved north-northeast, near Norfolk, Virginia at 1 a.m. EST on the 10th, Georgetown, Delaware at 7 a.m. EST, Atlantic City, New Jersey at 10 a.m. EST, and just east of Seaside Heights, New Jersey at 4 p.m. EST. The low pressure system then drifted slowly east the rest of the afternoon into the overnight of the 10th.
Impact
Because this storm affected some of the same areas that already received historic snow totals from the February 5–6, 2010 North American blizzard, it only exacerbated the cleanup process, with cities still being paralyzed from the last storm. Numerous cities shattered their seasonal snowfall records as of February 11, including the following (more snow fell at each of these locations later that month):
On February 11, BWI and Dulles airports set new all-time daily snow depth records of and , respectively.
There were also few places for city workers to put the plowed snow, since there are significant restrictions on dumping snow into bodies of water within most jurisdictions. Baltimore used empty parking lots, city parks, and the Pimlico Race Course. It resorted to dumping the snow in the Inner Harbor after securing permission to do so from the Maryland Department of the Environment.
The National Weather Service issued blizzard warnings from Washington, D.C., to Long Island, including New York City, as well as the entire Philadelphia metro area and the entire states of Maryland, Delaware, and New Jersey. Winter storm warnings for heavy snowfall were posted from Illinois to Massachusetts, and the federal government was closed for the third day in a row (and was closed again the next day, February 11). Many schools were closed, from those in the Washington, D.C. area, through Philadelphia, and into New York City (only the third snow day for New York City Public Schools since 2003).
A conference on consequences of global climate change sponsored by the Center for American Progress, the Global Implications of Climate Migration, scheduled for February 11 in Washington, DC, was postponed.
Connecticut
Snowfall amounts varied greatly across Connecticut, ranging from in It's far north, to over along the shoreline. Connecticut Governor M. Jodi Rell initiated an action plan with Hartford-area businesses and state offices for the staggered release of employees to avoid the risk of accidents and gridlock on snow-covered highways across the state. Heavy snow was responsible for numerous crashes, including one that closed Interstate 95 near the Rhode Island state line in North Stonington, Connecticut, and another on Interstate 395 near Plainfield. The snow also forced state and federal investigators to suspend their investigation of the Middletown power plant blast that occurred on February 7. The snow caused the cancellation of most flights into and out of Bradley International Airport, and Metro North operated trains on a reduced schedule on February 10.
Pennsylvania
Around the local Philadelphia area, snow began during the early evening on the 9th. As warmer air moved in aloft, the snow changed to sleet and freezing rain between 3 a.m. and 6 a.m. EST on the 10th. Surface temperatures responded slower and the sleet and freezing rain changed over to rain during the morning of the 10th. Some sleet mixed in from time to time. As the low pressure system moved northeast of the region, the rain changed back to snow by Noon EST on the 10th and fell heavy at times during the afternoon. Winds also increased and started to down snow laden tree limbs and trees. The snow ended late in the evening on the 10th. In the rest of Eastern Pennsylvania, snow began during the evening of the 9th and fell at its heaviest from the late morning into the afternoon of the 10th. The snow ended during the evening of the 10th, dumping between 11 and 27 inches of snow across the state.
On the morning of February 10, 2010, Governor Ed Rendell ordered the activation of over 11,000 Pennsylvania National Guard soldiers statewide, including nearly 500 which deployed in the Harrisburg area to assist state police with stranded motorists, to deny non-essential vehicles access to closed highways, and to provide blankets, food, water and other supplies to anyone who needed it.
Also, all Philadelphia public and parochial schools closed February 10, 11, and 12th due to the snow and dig out. In addition, many utility companies suffered their worst power outages of all time. For example, PECO Energy suffered its 9th highest power outage since the ice storm of January 1994. About 225,000 homes and businesses lost power. Outages by county were 60,500 in Chester, 55,000 in Delaware, 47,650 Bucks, 44,700 in Montgomery and 17,000 in Philadelphia. All power was restored by the 13th. The utility replaced 56 miles of cable, 50 transformers, 51 poles, replaced or reconnected 8,000 fuses, and 1,550 pole top cross arms. Damage to the infrastructure was estimated at 15 million dollars.
In Lancaster, two people died after the snowmobile they were riding on collided with a moving vehicle at an intersection. In Clearfield County, two pileups involving about 25 vehicles on snowy Interstate 80 left at least one man dead and 18 people injured.
Snowfall totals in the Pittsburgh area generally ranged between 5 and 9 inches, but high winds created near-blizzard conditions during the morning hours of February 10. The new accumulations coupled with blowing and drifting snow exacerbated major problems created by the February 5–6, 2010 North American blizzard. Accumulations in mountainous areas to the south and east of the city were over 1 foot.
Virginia
Near Williamsburg, Virginia, whiteout conditions around 9:00 am EST, February 10, led to a fifty-car pileup on a stretch of westbound I-64. The accident took hours to clear, and seven people suffered minor injuries requiring hospitalization.
New Jersey
Northeastern parts of the state experienced snow totals of up to 24 inches. Places such as Middlesex County northward experienced 18 to 24 inches of snow from the storm. Many areas of Northern New Jersey experienced power outages. Some residents were left without power for days. The National Weather Service called a state of emergency. Blizzard conditions were a hazard for many across the Garden State Parkway and the New Jersey Turnpike.
Blizzard conditions were reported in major cities around New Jersey. With the "eye" off the shoreline, the entire state dealt with rain, ice and heavy snow inundate the areas. Schools were closed for up to 5 days, a rare scenario. Snow at times fell 1–3 inches every hour in South Jersey.
New Jersey was hard hit in many ways. Some suburbs reported thundersnow, which is the meteorological term for thunder and lightning in a snowstorm. Newark Liberty International Airport, Camden County Airport, LaGuardia and JFK Airports had more than 4-hour delays and some terminals were brought to a standstill. The winds were a factor with onshore winds reported to be as strong as 60 mph. The National Guard told people to stay off the roads for safety reasons. A wintry mix along with rainfall pounded the shore cities of New Jersey such as Atlantic City. I-95 southbound was icy and very hard travel because snow, sleet and rain fell at once. Visibility was also an issue for travelers as whiteout conditions were happening statewide. The New York Metro was busy other days but in the record breaking blizzard it was halted.
Rutgers University cancelled classes for the first time since the 2006 snowstorm on February 10.
Snowfall totals by state
See also
February 5–6, 2010 North American blizzard
February 25–27, 2010 North American blizzard
March 2010 North American winter storm
North American blizzard of 2009
Winter storms of 2009-2010
References
External links
"Blizzards add to snow chaos in north-eastern US", video report by BBC News
"Snowmageddon II blankets Washington", video report by The Associated Press
"Blizzard Pummels East Coast", video report by NBC News
"Washington gets hit with another winter wallop", photo gallery by The Washington Post
"Picturing the Blizzard", interactive photo gallery by The New York Times
"Timelaps NEXRAD Radar Animation", Atmospheric Physics group at UMBC
Blizzards in the United States
2010 meteorology
2010 natural disasters in the United States
Natural disasters in Washington, D.C.
2010 in Washington, D.C.
2009–10 North American winter
February 2010 events in the United States
Natural disasters in Maryland
Round Grove is an unincorporated community in Whiteside County, in the U.S. state of Illinois.
History
A post office called Round Grove was established in 1839, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1973. The community was named from a "large round grove" near the original town site.
References
Unincorporated communities in Whiteside County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
The Suzuki Grand Vitara and Toyota Urban Cruiser Hyryder are subcompact crossover SUVs (B-segment) developed by Suzuki and produced by Toyota in India since 2022. The Urban Cruiser Hyryder was released in July 2022 in India ahead of the Grand Vitara. It is available with a range of mild and strong hybrid petrol powertrains. The Grand Vitara replaced the S-Cross in India, while the Urban Cruiser Hyryder indirectly replaced the smaller Urban Cruiser, a rebadged .
Overview
Prior to the launch of Grand Vitara, the Urban Cruiser Hyryder was released first in India on 1 July 2022. The Grand Vitara followed later on 20 July. The vehicle was developed by Suzuki using the Global C platform shared with the SX4 S-Cross and the Vitara.
The mild hybrid model, marketed as "Smart Hybrid" by Suzuki and "NeoDrive" by Toyota, uses Suzuki's 1.5-litre K15C four-cylinder engine and the Smart Hybrid system developed by Suzuki. For the strong hybrid model, Suzuki incorporated the Toyota Hybrid System to the vehicle (marketed as "Intelligent Electric Hybrid" by Suzuki), which includes Toyota's 1.5-litre M15D-FXE three-cylinder engine similar to the XP210 series Toyota Yaris/Yaris Cross. Both engines met the Bharat Stage VI (BS VI) emission standards.
In India, grade levels available for the Grand Vitara are Sigma, Delta, Zeta and Alpha for mild hybrid models, and Zeta+ and Alpha+ for strong hybrid models. An all-wheel drive model marketed as AllGrip is available for the Alpha grade with manual transmission. The model is exclusively available at the Nexa dealership chain reserved for high-end Maruti Suzuki models.
For the Urban Cruiser Hyryder, grade levels available in India are E, S, G and V, with the former only available as a mild hybrid. An all-wheel drive model is offered for the V mild hybrid grade with manual transmission.
Production of both models will start in August 2022 at Toyota Kirloskar Motor's second plant in Bidadi, while sales will begin in India in September. Planned monthly production of both model is targeted at 18,000 to 19,000 units, with the Grand Vitara contributing 13,000 units. Exports to African markets are planned.
In 2022, the vehicle contains 90 percent Indian parts.
References
External links
(Grand Vitara)
(Urban Cruiser Hyryder)
Grand Vitara
Cars introduced in 2022
Mini sport utility vehicles
Crossover sport utility vehicles
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Hybrid sport utility vehicles
Partial zero-emissions vehicles
Vehicles with CVT transmission
Gavin Gibb (c.1765–1831) was a Scottish minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1817/18. They were also Professor of Hebrew and Oriental Languages at Glasgow University.
Life
They were the second son of Andrew Gibb of Auchinleck in Ayrshire. They studied at Glasgow University and graduated from MA in 1783. They were licensed tp preach as a Church of Scotland minister by the Presbytery of Irvine in June 1786.
In April 1787 they were ordained as minister of Fintry then translated to Strathblane, north of Glasgow, in September 1791. In November 1804 Glasgow University awarded them an honorary Doctor of Divinity. They were chosen by Glasgow Town Council to be minister of St Andrew's Church in Glasgow, moving there in February 1809. The church is now known as St Andrew's in the Square to distinguish it from St Andrew's Cathedral. They were also, together with their post at St Andrews Church, Professor of Hebrew at Glasgow University.
In Glasgow they lodged at 13 College Street in 1815.
In 1817 they succeeded Very Rev John Cook as Moderator and was succeeded in turn by Rev John Campbell.
They died in Glasgow on 9 June 1831.
Family
In 1784 they married Mary Studley (d.1842). Their children included William Richardson Gibb (1787-1855) who served as a surgeon in the Peninsular War and was then surgeon at Glasgow Royal Infirmary.
Publications
Elements of Hebrew Grammar (1819)
References
1831 deaths
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
Year of birth uncertain
18th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
In molecular biology, the cache domain is an extracellular protein domain that is predicted to have a role in small-molecule recognition in a wide range of proteins, including the animal dihydropyridine-sensitive voltage-gated Ca2+ channel alpha-2delta subunit, and various bacterial chemotaxis receptors. The name Cache comes from CAlcium channels and CHEmotaxis receptors. This domain consists of an N-terminal part with three predicted strands and an alpha-helix, and a C-terminal part with a strand dyad followed by a relatively unstructured region. The N-terminal portion of the (unpermuted) Cache domain contains three predicted strands that could form a sheet analogous to that present in the core of the PAS domain structure. Cache domains are particularly widespread in bacteria such as Vibrio cholerae. The animal calcium channel alpha-2delta subunits might have acquired a part of their extracellular domains from a bacterial source. The Cache domain appears to have arisen from the GAF-PAS fold despite their divergent functions.
References
Protein domains
The Nikon D750 is a full-frame DSLR camera announced by Nikon on September 12, 2014. It is the first in a new line of Nikon FX format cameras which includes technologies from the D810 in a smaller and lighter body. Nikon sees the D750 with "advanced video features" for videographers as well as a primary or secondary camera for fast handling and speed. The camera can shoot at 6.5 frames per second at full resolution.
It has a newly developed 24.3-effective-megapixel image sensor (24.93 megapixel raw) with claimed lower image noise. The Expeed 4 processor from D4S/D810 and built-in Wi-Fi enable functions from the D810. Its autofocus is the same as in the D4S and D810, but can autofocus with less light than the D810, down to -3 EV.
The D750 has a tilting LCD screen (the first full-frame DSLR with an adjustable screen, although several Nikon DX bodies have tilting or fully articulated screens), and is cited as "the lightest among Nikon's traditional pro series". The body is a light-weight weather-sealed monocoque construction with carbon-fiber-reinforced polymer at the front and magnesium alloy for the back and top.
The model has been succeeded by the Nikon D780.
Reception
DxOMark reviewed the D750 sensor image quality and assigned it an overall score of 93.
Since its release, the camera has been praised for its impressive low-light capabilities and effective autofocus.
Digital Photography Review completed their review of the D750 in December 2014 and assigned it a Gold Award as well as a 90% numerical rating.
Nikon D750 vs D610
The Nikon D750 shares similar specifications when it comes to size, ergonomics and resolution. However, there are bigger differences when it comes to performance.
Image Processor: EXPEED-4 VS EXPEED-3
Continuous Shooting Speed: 6.5 FPS VS 6 FPS
ISO Sensitivity: 100–12,800 VS 100–6,400
Auto Focus: 51 AF points, 15 cross-type VS 39 AF points, 9 cross-type
Video Maximum Resolution: 1080p @ 60fps VS 1080p @ 30fps
LCD Display: 3.2″ diagonal TFT-LCD Tilting VS 3.2″ diagonal TFT-LCD
Battery Life: 1,230 shots VS 900 shots
Issues
Some D750 bodies have been found to produce unwanted flare anomalies in certain shooting situations, namely when an intense light source is situated just above the frame of view. The problem is caused by a reflection of light within the internal components, and manifests in an irregular, discolored patch of light along the top of images. Nikon resolved to repair affected cameras at no cost.
References
External links
Nikon D750, Nikon USA
Nikon D750, Nikon Global
Nikon D750 specifications, dpreview
Nikon D750 User Manuals, Guides and Software Nikon Download-center
Review of Nikon D750, The Canvas Photography
Best Nikon Cameras, Nikon Cameras
D750
D750
Live-preview digital cameras
Cameras introduced in 2014
Full-frame DSLR cameras
Matthew Ball (born 21 February 1982) is an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Ball is the elder brother of Collingwood premiership player Luke Ball and the son of former VFL footballer Ray Ball.
An Ashburton junior, they were picked up by Hawthorn in the 2000 rookie draft but would be delisted without playing a senior game. After winning the best and fairest award at Box Hill in 2003, they were given a second chance by Hawthorn when they selected them at pick 51 in the end of year national draft. Ball played 13 AFL games in the 2004 season, averaging 12 disposals. For the next two seasons they were only able to make another four appearances and spent most of their time with Box Hill, where they won another "best and fairest" in 2006. They finished their league career with 17 games, from which they experienced just one win.
They have since played in the Victorian Amateur Football Association and captained Old Xaverians to a premiership in 2010.
References
1982 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Hawthorn Football Club players
Box Hill Football Club players
Old Xaverians Football Club players
Living people
May Craig is a rocky island situated along the North Sea coast of Aberdeenshire, Scotland. May Craig lies about one half mile (0.8 km) south of Newtonhill and a mile (1.6 km) northeast of the village of Muchalls. A small islet of the same name lies three miles (five km) to the north-northeast.
Area history
The area to the west of May Craig was first inhabited by Pictish peoples who left prehistoric megalithic monuments along a trackway known as the Causey Mounth, a name coined in medieval times. Examples of these megaliths are Old Bourtreebush stone circle and Aquhorthies stone circle. Historic structures in the general area include Elsick House, Gillybrands and Muchalls Castle.
See also
Findon
Portlethen
References
Islands of Scotland
Landforms of Aberdeenshire
A star trail is a type of photograph that uses long exposure times to capture diurnal circles, the apparent motion of stars in the night sky due to Earth's rotation. A star-trail photograph shows individual stars as streaks across the image, with longer exposures yielding longer arcs. The term is used for similar photos captured elsewhere, such as on board the International Space Station and on Mars.
Typical shutter speeds for a star trail range from 15 minutes to several hours, requiring a "Bulb" setting on the camera to open the shutter for a period longer than usual. However, a more practiced technique is to blend a number of frames together to create the final star trail image.
Star trails have been used by professional astronomers to measure the quality of observing locations for major telescopes.
Capture
Star trail photographs are captured by placing a camera on a tripod, pointing the lens toward the night sky, and allowing the shutter to stay open for a long period of time. Star trails are considered relatively easy for amateur astrophotographers to create. Photographers generally make these images by using a DSLR or Mirrorless camera with its lens focus set to infinity. A cable release or intervalometer allows the photographer to hold the shutter open for the desired amount of time. Typical exposure times range from 15 minutes to many hours long, depending on the desired length of the star trail arcs for the image. Even though star trail pictures are created under low-light conditions, long exposure times allow fast films, such as ISO 200 and ISO 400. Wide-apertures, such as f/5.6 and f/4, are recommended for star trails.
Because exposure times for star trail photographs can be several hours long, camera batteries can be easily depleted. Mechanical cameras that do not require a battery to open and close the shutter have an advantage over more modern film and digital cameras that rely on battery power. On these cameras, the Bulb, or B, exposure setting keeps the shutter open. Another problem that digital cameras encounter is an increase in electronic noise with increasing exposure time. However, this can be avoided through the use of shorter exposure times that are then stacked in post production software. This avoids possible heat build up or digital noise caused from a single long exposure.
American astronaut Don Pettit recorded star trails with a digital camera from the International Space Station in Earth orbit between April and June, 2012. Pettit described their technique as follows: "My star trail images are made by taking a time exposure of about 10 to 15 minutes. However, with modern digital cameras, 30 seconds is about the longest exposure possible, due to electronic detector noise effectively snowing out the image. To achieve the longer exposures I do what many amateur astronomers do. I take multiple 30-second exposures, then 'stack' them using imaging software, thus producing the longer exposure."
Star trail images have also been taken on Mars. The Spirit rover produced them while looking for meteors. Since the camera was limited to 60 second exposures the trails appear as dashed lines.
Earth's rotation
Star trail photographs are possible because of the rotation of Earth about its axis. The apparent motion of the stars is recorded as mostly curved streaks on the film or detector. For observers in the Northern Hemisphere, aiming the camera northward creates an image with concentric circular arcs centered on the north celestial pole (very near Polaris). For those in the Southern Hemisphere, this same effect is achieved by aiming the camera southward. In this case, the arc streaks are centered on the south celestial pole (near Sigma Octantis). Aiming the camera eastward or westward shows straight streaks on the celestial equator, which is tilted at angle with respect to the horizon. The angular measure of this tilt depends on the photographer's latitude (), and is equal to .
Astronomical site testing
Star trail photographs can be used by astronomers to determine the quality of a location for telescope observations. Star trail observations of Polaris have been used to measure the quality of seeing in the atmosphere, and the vibrations in telescope mounting systems. The first recorded suggestion of this technique is from E.S. Skinner's 1931 book A Manual of Celestial Photography.
Gallery
References
External links
4 Steps To Creating Star Trails Photos Using Stacking Software
Star trail photography
StarStaX free multi-platform star trail software
Photographic techniques
Astrophotography
Photography by genre
Space art
Astronomical imaging
"When I Kiss You (I Hear Charlie Parker Playing)" is a 1995 electronic dance music song by American rock band Sparks, released as the second single from their 16th album, Gratuitous Sax & Senseless Violins (1994). Written and produced by the Mael brothers, it also has a reference to American jazz saxophonist Charlie Parker. The song peaked at number 36 in the UK, number 61 in Germany and number 24 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart in the US. Originally it was released as "(When I Kiss You) I Hear Charlie Parker Playing", before being re-named to its present title.
Critical reception
Ned Raggett from AllMusic remarked that the song "finds Russell rapping (!)". Music writer James Masterton said in their weekly UK chart commentary, "The new single is as bizarre as the title sounds, featuring a high-speed rapped verse that Neil Tennant would I'm sure give their right arm to have written, coupled with an impressively commercial chorus." Pan-European magazine Music & Media wrote, "We're living in the age of fast food Euro with one-liners serving as lyrics. Luckily the Sparks still use their imagination—through a tooth filling the lover here receives a jazz station." A reviewer from Music Week rated the song four out of five, describing it as "more delicious high camp drama from the kings of eccentric synth pop", and stated that former Suede guitarist Bernard Butler's Fashionable World Of Fashion Mix "should create a buzz." James Hamilton from the magazine's RM Dance Update viewed it as "Pet Shop Boys-ishly".
Music video
A music video was produced to promote the single, directed by English music video director Sophie Muller. It was later published on Sparks' official YouTube channel in June 2012. Muller also directed the video for "When Do I Get to Sing 'My Way'".
Track listing
Charts
External links
Sparks on Discogs
References
1995 singles
1995 songs
Electronic songs
House music songs
Logic Records singles
Music videos directed by Sophie Muller
Songs written by Ron Mael
Songs written by Russell Mael
Sparks (band) songs
Denny Love (born Denzel Irby, circa 1993) is an American actor. Their biggest roles were Barry on Empire and Chip "the Colonel" Martin in the miniseries Looking for Alaska. They also had minor roles on Chicago P.D. and Lucifer, and appeared in the 2020 film Unpregnant.
Early life and education
Love is from Madison, Wisconsin. They were raised by their grandmother, and belonged to the Boys and Girls Club of Dane County. They attended Madison West High School, then studied theater at DePaul University, graduating in 2015.
Career
Empire
Love appeared in three episodes of Empire as Barry.
Looking for Alaska
Though Love was unfamiliar with John Green's work they read the novel Looking for Alaska in preparation, and for their audition they recited a monologue from the book. They received a phone call of congratulations from them upon getting the role.
Love appeared in all eight episodes of Looking for Alaska as Chip "the Colonel" Martin, a Black scholarship student at the fictional Culver Creek Academy. In the novel, the Colonel's race is not specified but is assumed to be white. Nasim Mansuri, writing for Hypable, says, "In no part of the novel does it say that the Colonel is Black, and being Black doesn't particularly change their character… but [...] their race brings a lot more meaning to every interaction. It also makes the Colonel's rage a lot more understandable, even if their actions aren't always justified.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
African-American male actors
Actors from Madison, Wisconsin
American male television actors
American male film actors
1990s births
Year of birth uncertain
Living people
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from Wisconsin
Marcia Nardi (1901–1990), born Lillian Massell in Boston, Massachusetts, was an American poet.
Biography
Nardi attended Girls' Latin School and Wellesley College but decided to drop out of university in 1921, at which time they moved to Greenwich Village and remade themselves as the poet Marcia Nardi. During this period, Nardi contributed poetry and book reviews to publications such as The Nation, The New Republic, Quarterly Review of Literature, The New York Times, and the New York Herald Tribune.
The birth of Nardi's son, Paul, in 1926 and the responsibilities of motherhood required Nardi to curtail their writing in order to earn a living through odd jobs (such as clerking at a department store, waitering, and proofreading). In 1942, Nardi met William Carlos Williams with whom they began a correspondence. Williams used Nardi's letters, which discuss the difficulties of being a female poet in contemporary literary circles, in their epic poem Paterson. Williams also encouraged Nardi to publish their poetry, an endeavor that came to fruition with Nardi's first book Poems published by Swallow Press in 1956. In the 1940s, Nardi married painter and writer John Charles Lang and the couple resided in a community of artists called Maverick Colony.
Nardi worked extensively with John Edmunds between 1972 and 1983, with the intention of publishing a collection of their poetry; however this project did not result in a publication before Nardi's death in 1990.
Sources
The Marcia Nardi Papers are at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library
Oliphant, Dave, ed. Rossetti to Sexton: Six Women Poets at Texas. Austin, Texas: Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center, University of Texas at Austin, 1992.
O'Neil, Elizabeth Murrie, ed. The Last Word: Letters Between Marcia Nardi and William Carlos Williams. Iowa City: University of Iowa Press, 1994.
Nardi, Marcia. Poems. Denver: A. Swallow, 1956.
External links
Marcia Nardi Collection. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
1901 births
1990 deaths
20th-century American poets
American literary critics
Women literary critics
American women poets
20th-century American women writers
American women non-fiction writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
American women critics
Jonathan Wright is a British journalist and literary translator.
Biography
Wright was born in Andover, Hampshire, and spent their childhood in Canada, Malaysia, Hong Kong and Germany. They attended Packwood Haugh School from 1966 to 1967 and Shrewsbury School from 1967 to 1971.
They studied Arabic, Turkish and Islamic civilisation at St John's College, Oxford. They joined Reuters news agency in 1980 as a correspondent, and has been based in the Middle East for most of the last three decades. They have served as Reuters' Cairo bureau chief, and they have lived and worked throughout the region, including in Egypt, Sudan, Lebanon, Tunisia and the Persian Gulf region. From 1997 to 2003, they were based in Washington, DC, covering US foreign policy for Reuters. For two years until the fall of 2011 Wright was editor of the Arab Media & Society Journal, published by the Kamal Adham Center for Journalism Training and Research at the American University in Cairo.
Translations
Kidnapping and Escape
On 29 August 1984, while on a reporting assignment for Reuters in the Bekaa Valley, Lebanon, Wright was detained and held hostage by the Palestinian splinter group led by Abu Nidal in a part of the Lebanon hostage crisis. The group wanted to exchange them for members imprisoned in Britain for shooting the Israeli ambassador, Shlomo Argov, in London in June 1982. Wright spent about one week in a small room in a country house near the town of Barr Elias and was then moved to a large villa near the Chouf mountain town of Bhamdoun, above Beirut. In the early hours of 16 September 1984, Wright escaped from captivity by removing the plank of wood covering a ventilation hole and crawling through the hole, which was about 10 feet above floor level. They reached the hole by dismantling their metal bedstead and using the frame as a ladder. Once outside, they walked along the Beirut-Damascus highway until they reached a checkpoint manned by the mainly Druze Muslim Progressive Socialist Party. The party militia held them incommunicado at Aley police station until 19 September, when party leader Walid Jumblatt told their aides to drive them to the Reuters office in Beirut.
See also
List of kidnappings
List of solved missing person cases
Awards and honours
2013 Banipal Prize for Arabic Literary Translation for the translation of Azazeel by Youssef Ziedan
2014 Independent Foreign Fiction Prize for the translation of The Iraqi Christ by Hassan Blassim
2016 Banipal Prize for Arabic Literary Translation for their translation of The Bamboo Stalk by Saud Alsanousi
References
1980s missing person cases
Alumni of St John's College, Oxford
Arabic–English translators
British escapees
British people taken hostage
English male journalists
English male non-fiction writers
Formerly missing people
Foreign hostages in Lebanon
Kidnapped British people
Kidnappings by Islamists
Living people
Missing person cases in Lebanon
People educated at Shrewsbury School
Year of birth missing (living people)
In organic chemistry, tolyl groups are functional groups related to toluene. They have the general formula , the change of the relative position of the methyl and the R substituent on the aromatic ring can generate three possible structural isomers 1,2 (ortho), 1,3 (meta), and 1,4 (para). Tolyl groups are aryl groups which are commonly found in the structure of diverse chemical compounds. They are considered nonpolar and hydrophobic groups.
The functionalization to include tolyl groups into compounds is often done by Williamson etherification, using tolyl alcohols as reagents, or by C-C coupling reactions. Tolyl sulfonates are excellent leaving groups in nucleophilic substitutions, for this reason, they are commonly generated as intermediaries to activate alcohols. To this end, 4-toluenesulfonyl chloride is reacted in the presence of a base with the corresponding alcohol.
References
Aryl groups
Paramesiodes minor is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Archipini
Ina Šarčević (born March 18, 1959) is a Yugoslav-American theoretical astrophysicist who studies high-energy cosmic particles, especially neutrinos, and the implications of particle physics for dark matter and cosmology.  They are a professor of physics and of astronomy at the University of Arizona.
Education and career
Šarčević graduated in 1981 from the University of Sarajevo, and completed their Ph.D. in physics in 1986 at the University of Minnesota. Them doctoral advisor was Bernice Durand.
After postdoctoral research at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, they joined the University of Arizona faculty as an assistant professor of physics in 1988. They became an associate professor in 1993 and full processor in 1999, adding a second affiliation as professor of astronomy in 2008.
Recognition
Šarčević was named a Humboldt Fellow in 1989. They were elected as a Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS) in 2006, after a nomination from the APS Division of Particles and Fields, "for outstanding contributions to physics of ultrahigh-energy neutrinos and cosmic rays".
Personal life
Šarčević was married to Zlatko Tesanovic, a condensed-matter physicist at Johns Hopkins University who died in 2012.
References
External links
Home page
1959 births
Living people
American physicists
American women physicists
Astrophysicists
Yugoslav emigrants to the United States
University of Sarajevo alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
University of Arizona faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Global Urban Research Unit (GURU) is a research centre established in 2002 at the School of Architecture, Planning and Landscape, Newcastle University, England.
The formation
GURU was formed through the merger of three successful urban research centres, providing an effective force in global urban research.
The centre incorporates:
CREUE—The Centre for Research in European Urban Environments.
One of Europe's largest and most innovative urban research centres, CREUE, since 1993, pioneered institutional analyses of urban planning, development, governance, and planning theory. It has developed nuanced analyses of the practices surrounding social polarisation and exclusion and community and housing development. And it has integrated urban design, conservation issues and transport planning thoroughly into wider urban debates.
CARDO - The Centre for Architectural Research and Development Overseas.
A leading and long-established centre exploring the links between housing, architecture, and social and economic development in the Global South. CARDO has developed different approaches to the study of the home, household enterprises, and community development and has fast-developing expertise on the social aspects of mega-urbanisation.
CUT – The Centre for Urban Technology.
An innovative and cross-disciplinary centre, CUT has, since 1994, pioneered research into the complex intersections of technologies, infrastructures and urban development. CUT has pioneered the 'socio-technical' view of cities emphasising flow, the material bases of mobility, and the social construction of buildings and infrastructures. It has started to use this perspective to address the analytical challenges of global urbanism and urban environmental sustainability in a wide range of contexts.
Current work
Harnessing the combined capabilities of these three Centres, GURU emerges as a globally significant organisation at the leading edge of contemporary thinking and research about cities. GURU's work is organised into smaller overlapping research groups, forming a loose matrix within the overall Group so that interactions within and across thematic groups is developed to the maximum possible extent.
List of GURU directors
Stuart Cameron (2002–04)
Jean Hillier (2005–06)
Geoff Vigar (2006–2010)
Ali Madanipour (2010–present)
Scholars attached to the unit
Stuart Cameron
Simin Davoudi
Patsy Healey
Ali Madanipur
Frank Moulaert
Steve Graham
John Pendlebury
Mark Shuksmith
Geoff Vigar
See also
ESDP Network
Association of European Schools of Planning
References
External links
Global Urban Research Unit (GURU)
School of Architecture, Planning and Landscape at Newcastle University
Newcastle University
Research institutes in Tyne and Wear
Town and country planning in the United Kingdom
2002 establishments in the United Kingdom
Urban studies and planning schools
The women's 100m breaststroke events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
SB4
Final
Seven swimmers from five nations took part.
SB5
Final
Six swimmers from six nations took part.
SB6
SB8
SB9
SB11
SB12
Final
Four swimmers from four nations took part.
SB13
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
The Prophet Isaiah is a fresco located in Basilica di Sant'Agostino, an early Renaissance church in Rome. It is an Italian Renaissance painting, influenced by Michelangelo's work on the Sistine Chapel ceiling.
Isaiah, a powerful figure, gives the illusion of a three-dimensional character, flanked by putti figures. They carry a scroll inscribed with a supplication in Hebrew for entry into Heaven (Isaiah XXVI:2–3). Above them is a dedication in Greek to Saint Anne. Due to wear, Raphael's work has been retouched by other painters over time. In 1960, the fresco was restored to Raphael's vision.
St. Anne Altar
Johann of Goritz (also Gorizius), from Luxembourg, commissioned Raphael to paint the prophet Isaiah in fresco on a pillar in the Basilica di Sant'Agostino. Soon after their arrival in Rome, their name was Latinised to Janus Corycius. They held the office of receiver of requests.
Janus was a patron of the arts. Wishing to leave a mark in Rome, they had a chapel built in the Sant'Agostino basilica, with an altar commissioned in 1512 honoring their patron saint Saint Anne. The altar included this fresco of Isaiah and a marble grouping of Virgin with St. Anne by Andrea Sansovino. The Saint Anne altar was intended as their tomb.
At the dedication of the church, a steady stream of literary friends honored Corycius with verses that were later published in the 1524 book Coryciana by Blosius Palladius, later Bishop of Foligno. The book named 120 poets who contributed verses.
During a renovation of the church in the 18th century, the sculpture by Sansovino was separated from Raphael's fresco. In the late 20th century the fresco was conserved and the sculpture was restored to its original position below.
Michelangelo influence
Much comparison is made of the Raphael fresco Prophet Isaiah to the work of Michelangelo, Ernst Gombrich going as far to suggest that Michelangelo may have hired Raphael to work on Ezekiel for the Sistine Chapel, which they believe is much more reflective of Raphael than of Michelangelo. This would have allowed Raphael to both gain influence by Michelangelo and also contribute to the decoration of the Sistine Chapel.
Within the Prophet of Isaiah, noted influences by Michelangelo include:
similarity of figural composition
self-enclosed situation of Isaiah
the manner in which the scroll is held, in a spiral formula as evolved by Michelangelo
Legend has it that Corycius complained to Michelangelo that they had been overcharged for the fresco, to which Michelangelo responded, "the knee alone is worth the price demanded."
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
References
External links
Paintings by Raphael
Nude art
Raphael
Paintings depicting Hebrew Bible prophets
1512 paintings
Spea or SPEA may refer to:
Spea, a genus of amphibians
SpeA, an enzyme also known as arginine decarboxylase
SPEA (company), an Italian tech company
School of Public and Environmental Affairs at Indiana University
Susan Holmes (born 1941) is a New Zealand fabric artist.  They are known for their 'fantasy-inspired' wearable art pieces and use of stencilling and silk dyeing. They have won 19 World of Wearable Arts awards.
Early life
Holmes was born in Auckland in 1941. In 1961 they studied a home science degree at Otago University and lectured there for two years following their graduation. After this they travelled abroad through Europe and Asia. These experiences influenced their methods of dying and printing, after witnessing block-printing in Afghanistan and silk-dyeing in India.
Career
Susan Homes first sold their printed clothing through the Trina J Boutique in Auckland. Them first prints were onto 'Indian style' voile shirts.
In 1971, Holmes began to make and sell fabric through Brown's Mill, a craft co-op in Auckland. This market operated on Saturday mornings before this considered acceptable in New Zealand. It was known as a place for independent artists and alternative fashion. The fabric and clothes Homes sold here were all hand-dyed and they experimented with using potatoes to produce the prints. They spent twelve years at the co-op.
They first entered their designs into the Benson and Hedges fashion awards in 1974, winning the 'fantasy award' in 1978. This was a significant event in Holmes' career as it marked their transition from wearable fashion into wearable arts. Them first entry to the World of Wearable Arts was in 1988.
Susan established a broad repertoire of fabric art skills over four decades. Largely self-taught, Susan created a unique stencilling too which they called their cloud technique. In theory, it is a simple technique, used to cover up printing errors, but the subtlety of the outcome underlines the mastery, as neither the clouds nor the errors stand out in the finished garment.
In the 90s they designed costumes for the television shows Hercules: The Legendary Journeys and Greenstone while continuing to enter wearable arts competitions.
In 2002, Prime Minister Helen Clark wore their design Crest of a Wave on the catwalk at the World of Wearable Arts Awards.
In 2016, Auckland applied arts and design gallery Objectspace held a retrospective of their work and published a book alongside the exhibition.
Awards and recognition
1978, 'Fantasy Award' Benson and Hedges Fashion Award.
1988, Winner in Evening section, Mohair Awards, New Zealand
1991, Runner-Up for ‘The Great New Zealand Cloak' Competition (for ‘Wild Places Cloak') Compendium Gallery, Auckland
1993, Winner Silk Section: New Zealand Wearable Art Awards. Runner-up to Supreme Award.
1994, Winner Wool Section 1994 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards
Highly Commended in Pacific Paradise Section, 1994 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards.
1995, 'Highly Commended' in silk section, Nelson Wearable Arts. (Magic Feather Dress)
Finalist in ‘Visual Symphony' Section, 1995 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards.
1996, 'Supreme Award', Nelson Wearable Arts (Dragon Fish)
1998, Winner 1998 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards, Transformation Section
1999, Highly Commended for Silk Section, 1999 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards
2001, Finalist in 2001 World of WearableArt Illumination Section.
2003, 'Highly Commended' in Kimono section, World of Wearable Arts Awards (Blue Lagoon)
2004, 'Creative New Zealand Artistic Excellence Award' World of Wearable Arts Awards (Miro Personage)
2005, "Highly Commended' in Creative New Zealand Artistic Excellence Award' World of Werable Arts (Cage of Thorns)
2006, WOW CentrePort Shape It Section winner for ‘Fluroessence'
2006, Winner 2006 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards Shape It Section ~ ‘Spots and Stripes'
2008, Winner 2008 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards: Avant Garde Section
2009, Winner 2009 New Zealand Wearable Art Awards: WOW Factor Award
2010, Invited Guest Artist, New Zealand Wearable Art Awards
Exhibitions
2013, Off The Wall: WearableArt Up Close, Auckland War Memorial Museum.
2016–2017, Susan Holmes:Fabric Artist, Objectspace.
References
1941 births
Living people
New Zealand fashion designers
Women fashion designers
Stein Andreas Hannevik (born 1954) is a Norwegian banker.
They were hired as CEO of Sparebanken Pluss in 2000. Before this they were the executive of Bergshav Shipholding. They chair the boards of the cultural hall Kilden in Kristiansand. In 2009 they became chair of the Norwegian Savings Banks Association. In late 2009 they were selected as deputy chair of the new organization Finance Norway.
They reside in Lillesand.
References
1954 births
Living people
Norwegian bankers
Charles Nessler (2 May 1872 in Todtnau, Germany – 22 January 1951 in Harrington Park, New Jersey, USA) was the inventor of the permanent wave.
Life
Karl Nessler was the son of Rosina (née Laitner) and Bartholomäus Nessler, a cobbler in Todtnau, a small town located high in the Black Forest, just beneath the Feldberg. They reportedly conceived the idea of a permanent wave early on. As a youngster, they occasionally worked as a shepherd and observed that wool, in contrast to human hair, is constantly crimped. They also noticed that plant tendrils would naturally curl in advance of rainstorms. They began an apprenticeship with a village barber in nearby Schopfheim-Fahrnau, but they dropped out after just a few months. They worked in Basle and Milan in different jobs, learned Italian and French, and finally moved to Geneva. There they worked again as a barber and hairdresser and finished their apprenticeship at an elegant beauty salon. Adapting to the French-speaking environment, they called themselves Charles Nessler, and often spelled their surname Nestle. Later, they moved to Paris, where they tested their first perm on Katharina Laible from Ulm.
To do this, Nessler first divided Laible's hair into three plaits, tying each close to their scalp, moistening the hair with a secret mixture, and winding the hair into spirals around metal rods that projected from the head like horns. With self-constructed, electrically heated tongs, similar to a waffle iron, they heated the plait-covered rods. The tongs had to be held constantly, and initially blisters rose on Laible's scalp. The curling effect was finally successful on Nessler's third attempt, when they washed out the hair rollers for a long time. The curl remained and was dubbed a "permanent wave".
In 1902, Nessler patented another invention, artificial eyebrows, in the United Kingdom. They moved to London and married Katharina Laible. Though the perm was an immediate success in London, it was not well received at a demonstration for leading hairdressers held on October 8, 1906, perhaps because Nessler's English colleagues resented their competition for their regular customers. Their electric permanent wave machine was patented in London in 1909. In 1912, some improvements of their apparatus were patented again. In 1914, they patented a last improvement before the outbreak of the war.
When World War I broke out, Nessler was interned and their assets were confiscated as alien property. In 1915, they emigrated to the United States, where they learned that counterfeited copies of their invention were already being sold. In April 1919, their improved Hair Curler was filed at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. They were already an American citizen. The holder of the patent was their Nestle Patent Holding Co., Inc. They developed a do-it-yourself kit for perms and opened a chain of hair salons. Their base of operations was the salon at 8-14 East 49th Street in Manhattan. In 1927, their chain had 500 employees, with branches in New York City, Chicago, Detroit, Palm Beach, and Philadelphia. The annual advertising budget was $300,000.
Nessler amassed considerable wealth, but they never forgot their humble origins. During the German hyperinflation of the early 1920s, they donated the respectable sum of 20,000 Marks to the impoverished people of their birthplace. In 1928, they sold their hair salon chain, production facilities, and distribution network to the Nestlé-Le Mur Company, investing the proceeds in the stock market. In the same year, they put their name on a volume, The Story of Hair (New York: Boni and Liveright, 1928), which is believed to have been ghost-written by Zelda Popkin, a journalist and novelist of the period. They lost almost everything in the stock market crash of 1929. In the following years, they worked on methods of skin regeneration, wrinkle prevention, and hair regrowth. In 1935, their wife Katharina died. Their attempts to regain their losses were hindered by the breakout of World War II and never really succeeded.
On 22 January 1951, Karl Nessler died at the age of 78 of a heart attack at their home in Harrington Park, New Jersey.
Honors
Since 1996, the Nessler Prize has been awarded in Todtnau, the birthplace of Karl Ludwig Nessler. The award was launched to mark the invention of the permanent wave 90 years earlier. At 2,500 Euros, it is the most highly endowed craft prize in Germany. Financed by the Nessler Committee, it is awarded to a particularly deserving and dedicated person in the hairdressing trade. Previous winners have been Alfred Preussner of Gevelsberg (1996), Erwin Schmidt of Bretten (1999), Manfred Schmock of Darmstadt (2002), Siegfried Helias of Berlin (2006), Franz Josef Küveler of Mendig/Palatinate (2011), and Günter Amann
of Wehr/Baden (2016).
In October 2006, on the 100th anniversary of the invention of the permanent wave, a Nessler Museum opened its doors in Todtnau. It is furnished as a hairdressing salon in the Art Nouveau style.
Sources
Charles Nessler [sic], The Story of Hair (New York: Boni and Liveright, 1928).
External links
Nessler Committee members in 2017, with photo of Nessler
See also
German inventors and discoverers
1872 births
1951 deaths
People from Lörrach (district)
American hairdressers
German hairdressers
19th-century German inventors
German emigrants to the United States
People from Harrington Park, New Jersey
Christopher M. "Chris" Tjornhom (March 18, 1959 – May 29, 2012) was an American business person, activist, and politician who served as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives.
Early life and education
Tjornhom was born and raised in Richfield, Minnesota. Tjornhom studied business administration and social science at Northwestern College.
Career
Prior to entering politics, Tjornhom worked as a painting contractor in Richfield, Minnesota. They served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from district 40A from 1985 to 1990 as a Republican. Tjornhom was also a member of the Independent-Republican Party. After leaving the House of Representatives, Tjornhom served as chair of the Carver County Republican Party.
Personal life
Tjornhom and their wife, Bethany, had three children. They died in their sleep at their home in Chanhassen, Minnesota.
Notes
1959 births
2012 deaths
People from Richfield, Minnesota
Businesspeople from Minnesota
Minnesota Republicans
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
20th-century American businesspeople
The Central Michigan Chippewas softball team represents Central Michigan University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Mid-American Conference. The Chippewas are currently led by head coach McCall Salmon. The team plays its home games at Margo Jonker Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Coaching staff
References
Lateristachys is a genus of lycophytes in the family Lycopodiaceae. In the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I), it is placed in the subfamily Lycopodielloideae. Some sources do not recognize the genus, sinking it into Lycopodiella. Lateristachys species are native to the Philippines, Australia and New Zealand.
Species
, the Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World recognized three species:
Lateristachys diffusa (R.Br.) Holub
Lateristachys halconensis (Copel.) Holub
Lateristachys lateralis (R.Br.) Holub
References
Lycopodiaceae
Lycophyte genera
The Château du Hugstein is a ruined castle on the borders of the communes of Buhl and Guebwiller in the Haut-Rhin département of France.
History
The castle was built in 1227 by Hugo (Hugues) de Rothenbourg, abbot prince of Murbach from 1216 to 1236. It was constructed between the communes of Buhl and Guebwiller, to defend both the Murbach Abbey and the entrance to the Florival valley.
In 1313, the abbot Conrad Wiedergrun de Stauffenberg consecrated the castle chapel to the Holy Cross and Saint Benoît. Abbot Barthélémy d'Andlau modernised the castle during the 15th century, notably adding a gate tower decorated with a frieze and equipped with a drawbridge (visible in the photo).
Two new towers were also added to the defensive system of the castle even though its principal role had become residential. Georges de Masevaux continued with the restoration but died in 1542. The castle then became the subject of a quarrel about succession between Henri de Jestetten and their cousin Rodolphe Stoer de Stoerenbourg, abbot of Honcourt and Capitulary of Murbach. The latter finally won, but the fortress suffered from the affair. In 1598, the castle was struck by lightning. At the start of the 17th century, it was used as a prison, particularly for Lutherans and witches, of whom it is said that some were burned in front of the castle. Abandoned, it provided shelter for the poor before finally being used as a stone quarry. The stone which built the castle was extracted from the moat which surrounded it.
The cylindrical keep, 10 m in diameter, is comparatively rare in Alsace. The higher part of the keep was removed when the site served as a quarry.
The main corps de logis had two or, indeed, three floors giving the building a certain magnificence. The Gothic keystone to the chapel vault, decorated with an Easter lamb, is displayed at the Florival Museum (Musée Théodore Deck) in Guebwiller
The defences consisted of ramparts rounded at the corners, designed to create an illusion to attackers that the castle was equipped with cylindrical towers.
The Château du Hugstein has been listed since 1898 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture (though the Ministry database refers to it as de Hugstein).
See also
List of castles in France
References
External links
Kastel Elsass
Website of the "Châteaux forts et Villes fortifiées d'Alsace" association
Bibliography
Nick, Jean Marie: "Le Hugstein, cet inconnu", Les Vosges n°2, 2006, p. 10-11
Ruined castles in Haut-Rhin
Monuments historiques of Haut-Rhin
Pleuranthodium tephrochlamys is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Karl Moritz Schumann and Carl Adolf Georg Lauterbach, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Pleuranthodium tephrochlamys is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae.
The species' range is in Papua New Guinea. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
tephrochlamys
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
The Great Ocean Walk is a walking trail located on Victoria's south-west coast in Australia, traversing several areas of historical and cultural significance. The track makes extensive usage of eco-friendly facilities; with Parks Victoria and tour guide operators attempting to raise environmental awareness. The trail meanders along high cliff tops and sandy beaches.
Track
The Great Ocean Walk is a walking track located 200 kilometres south-west of Melbourne. It stretches 104 kilometres from Apollo Bay to Glenample Homestead, located near The Twelve Apostles, Victoria. The walk passes through the Otway National Park, with Parks Victoria providing seven hike-in camp-sites spaced at intervals of 10 km to 15 km along the track. Guided tours are offered by several operators, with the walk estimated to take approximately eight days to complete. All walkers are required to register with Parks Victoria, and must book for use of camp-sites.
The track hugs coastline which is not always visible from the Great Ocean Road; and traverses an area which hosts koalas, wallabies, echidnas, reptiles, bird species, snakes (including tiger, brown, and copperhead), ants, bees, European wasps and leeches. From June through September, whales can be spotted along the coastline. The track passes through several named areas; including Elliot Ridge, Blanket Bay, Cape Otway, Aire River, Johanna Beach, Ryans Den and Devils Kitchen.
The difficulty of the track increases along the walk; with the section between Apollo Bay and Cape Otway suitable for beginners, becoming more challenging when reaching the rugged terrain through Ryans Den. In addition, travellers need to note that sections of track can be dangerous or impassable at high tide.
Facilities
Tourism and park officials offer bus services to and from accommodations, ranging from basic camp-sites to modern eco-lodges which utilise alternative energy. There are seven dedicated hike-in camps along the walk at Elliot Ridge, Blanket Bay, Cape Otway, Aire River, Johanna Beach, Ryans Den and Devils kitchen. Elliot Ridge, Blanket Bay and Cape Otway have three dedicated group camping areas; with access to the same facilities as the hike-in camp-sites including environmentally friendly toilet, a three-sided shelter and park benches. Blanket Bay, Parker Hill, Aire River and Johanna Beach host drive-in camp-sites.
Approximately $500,000 was spent on constructing the camp-sites, with each selected after taking into account environmental, cultural, geo-technical, experiential, risk, cost and community interests. Over thirty sites were investigated during the planning phase.
Each camp-site has between eight and fifteen camping pads, a toilet, untreated rainwater tanks, camp benches and, except for Blanket Bay, a shelter. The Clivus Multrum toilets are a self-contained, waterless, odourless continuous composting system. They were sized above their capacity taking into account climatic factors. Waste material and wood shavings compost in the tanks and the vent pipe to reduce odours. Recycled red gum posts were sought from demolished wharfs at Docklands, which are used as feature posts for the toilets and shelter.
Radial sawn yellow stringybark timbers from East Gippsland have been used for cladding of the buildings. This form of saw log creates minimal waste and features the natural curves of the tree. Native cypress from northern New South Wales and Queensland was sourced for posts and framing to provide resistance to termites and rot. Fourteen tonnes of material was flown into the camp-sites at Ryans Den and Devils kitchen by helicopter. A JetRanger helicopter carried a maximum load of 600 kg which accounted for the single 7 m long red gum posts. Each camp-site took an average of six weeks to build.
There are two hygiene stations at Blanket Bay and Parker Inlet to reduce the potential spread of Phytophthora cinnamomi. Tracks may be closed and rehabilitated at times, to protect sensitive sand dunes and cultural sites. Sections of disturbed land are re-vegetated with indigenous species.
History
The idea to create the Great Ocean Walk was originally rejected in 1974. It was however rumoured to have been resurrected by local accommodation providers in the early 1990s, with planning actually beginning in 1994. Development did not begin until 2001; with the trail finally opening in January 2006. Parks Victoria provided an initial investment of $2.3 million for a 91-kilometre trail between Apollo Bay and the Glenample homestead, near the Twelve Apostles.
Construction efforts included clearing 25 kilometres of previously existing track, with most of the new track constructed by hand using mattocks, shovels and crowbars. Hand built local and imported stone was used for rock steps; put in place by power carriers and Tirfor winches. Elevated steps were built for the steeper terrain. Stepping stones, small rock bridges, and a single timber bridge, were built to cross water areas. Track work has also been performed by volunteers, including Conservation Volunteers Australia, Greencorps, Deakin University, and the regional employment and education Program.
In 2009, extra funding was allocated to build 10 kilometres of additional walking track from Moonlight Head to the Twelve Apostles Visitor Centre, as well as a viewing point for the Twelve Apostles, new trail signage, seats and environmental boot-cleaning stations. The upgrade, worth $1.3 million, was slated to be completed by April 2010. On 25 June 2010, Premier John Brumby announced that $6.3 million was being allocated to upgrade 100 kilometres of walking track for all-season weather access, off-road track realignment, and camp-site extensions at Princetown and Johanna. Parks Victoria allocated $4.2 million for the project, while the state government allocated $2.1 million from the Regional Development Infrastructure Fund.
The Art of Walking documentary
A one-hour documentary by Zach Merch, titled The Art of Walking: Great Ocean Walk, depicted the track as walked by American environmentalist John Francis, German Olympic figure skater Katarina Witt, and paralympic skier Michael Milton - led by Head Ranger Will Cox. The documentary premiered on Australian and New Zealand's National Geographic Channel on 2 May 2010.
Points of historical interest
The Great Ocean Walk traverses the Otways, an area rich in fossils; including those of a dinosaur that roamed the area 105 million years ago. The area is also littered with various shipwrecks, including the ships Marie Gabrielle (in 1869) and Fiji (in 1891) at Johanna Beach and Wreck Beach respectively. To combat further shipwrecks on the Bass Strait coast and King Island, the Cape Otway light-station was built in 1848; standing 18 meters tall (at 90 metres above sea level). The lighthouse's first operator, Captain James Lawrence, only operated the lighthouse for several months, as they were constantly drunk and failed to keep the light shining. Besides that, ship captains hailed the lighthouse as ultimately successful in assisting them performing a dangerous manoeuvre they referred to as threading the eye of the needle, entering the western entrance of Bass Strait.
Johanna Beach, occasionally used as a site for surfing tournaments, was named after the Joanna vessel that ran aground there, on its maiden voyage from Tasmania in 1843. A single crewman was lost, with the survivors taking an entire week to travel by foot to Geelong, assisted by local aborigines.
The historic Glenample Homestead, built by pioneer pastoralist Hugh Gibson in 1869 from locally quarried sandstone, is situated at the end of walk. The homestead currently stands as a museum, and displays information about the Loch Ard shipwreck, in which survivors Eva Carmichael and ship apprentice Tom Pearce were taken to the homestead to recover. The homestead also contained information about early station life - including other shipwrecks and local pastoral history; however, the building has been closed indefinitely since 13 September 2007.
Wildlife
Wildlife that can be encountered include koala, sulphur-crested cockatoos, rosella, echidna, wallaby and fairy penguins, kangaroo, peregrine falcon, hooded dotterel, tiger snake, brown snake, and wedge-tailed eagles. There are also abundant spots, where hikers can see southern right whales and fur seal. Hikers are told how to react to possible encounters with dangerous animals (snakes) at the mandatory orientation session prior to starting the walk.
See also
Apollo Bay, Victoria
Great Ocean Road
References
External links
Local website
Official Website for 12 Apostles Region of Victoria
A stage by stage guide to the walk
Experience Australia's Premier Walking Trail – The Great Ocean Walk
2006 establishments in Australia
Hiking and bushwalking tracks in Victoria (Australia)
Tourist attractions in Victoria (Australia)
Otway Ranges
Great Ocean Road
Zaugg is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adrian Zaugg (born 1986), South African racing driver
Ernst Zaugg (1934–2016), Swiss sprinter
Hans-Peter Zaugg (born 1952), Swiss football manager and former player
Livia Zaugg (born 1996), Swiss volleyball player
Oliver Zaugg (born 1981), Swiss cyclist
Rémy Zaugg (1943–2005), Swiss painter
See also
Jinelle Zaugg-Siergiej (born 1986), American ice hockey player
Swiss-German surnames
German-language surnames
Ri Yong-suk (, 17 April 1916 – November 2021) was a North Korean politician and revolutionary. A veteran of the anti-Japanese struggle, Ri had close relations with all three generations of the Kim dynasty. During WWII, they were with Kim Il-sung in the Soviet 88th Separate Rifle Brigade. During the Korean War, they took care of Kim Jong-il. Under Kim Jong-un, they were portrayed as a link between the original guerrilla generation and the current leadership. Ri was elected to the Supreme People's Assembly in 1998 and 2003.
Early life and Kim family
Ri Yong-suk was born on 17 April 1916. Ri fought as a guerrilla during the anti-Japanese struggle. During World War II, they were a member of the Soviet 88th Separate Rifle Brigade, to which Kim Il-sung was also attached. According to Kim, in their 1992 autobiography With the Century, Ri was married to An Yong:
Kim also wrote that Ri was trained as a radio operator. Speaking of their guerrilla days, they remembered both Kim's wife Kim Jong-suk and the birth of their son Kim Jong-il. Ri "recollected that Kim Jong Suk provided noble tradition of devotedly defending the leader and gave birth to General Secretary Kim Jong Il in the days of hard-fought anti-Japanese struggle, thus guaranteeing the brilliant future of Korea", and that:
In reality, Kim Jong-il was born in a military camp in the Soviet Union.
During the Korean War, Ri took care of Kim Jong-il. The two met often throughout Kim's life and career. Kim had even been seen embracing Ri, although they were known to rarely physically express affection. North Korean propaganda put effort in showing Ri in close terms with Kim Jong-un. The message is that Ri passed down lived guerrilla experience to Kim Jong-un.
In 2016, they were noted as being one of the few remaining female guerrilla leaders.
Political career
After the liberation of Korea, they became the chairperson of the management committee of a cooperative farm in Yonsan County in North Hwanghae Province.
Ri was elected to the Supreme People's Assembly in 1998 and 2003.
Later life and death
They were awarded the Jubilee Medal "70 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" on 6 May 2015 by Vladimir Putin and Jubilee Medal "75 Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945" on 6 May 2020.
Ri was on the funeral committees of Kim Chol-man, Ri Ul-sol, and Hwang Sun-hui.
They were awarded the Order of Kim Il-sung, Order of Kim Jong-il, and Hero of Labor, and also received a birthday spread sent from Kim Jong-un on the occasion of their 105th birthday.
Ri died in November 2021, at the age of 105. Kim Jong-un visited their grave at the Revolutionary Martyrs' Cemetery in Mount Taesong on November 15 to lay a wreath.
See also
Politics of North Korea
References
Works cited
1916 births
2021 deaths
Place of birth missing
20th-century North Korean women politicians
20th-century North Korean politicians
Female military personnel
Military personnel of the Second Sino-Japanese War
North Korean centenarians
North Korean military personnel
21st-century North Korean women politicians
21st-century North Korean politicians
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Women centenarians
People of 88th Separate Rifle Brigade
Neaveia is a monotypic butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae which is endemic to the Afrotropical realm. Its only species, Neaveia lamborni, the pierine blue, is found in the Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania. Both the genus and species were first described by Hamilton Herbert Druce in 1910. The habitat consists of forests and open areas.
Subspecies
Neaveia lamborni lamborni (Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria: south and the Cross River loop, Cameroon)
Neaveia lamborni orientalis Jackson, 1962 (Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo: Uele, western Uganda, western Kenya, north-western Tanzania)
References
Poritiinae
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by Hamilton Herbert Druce
Lycaenidae genera
Drumfries railway station served Drumfries in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 July 1901 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh.
The old station house now serves as a public house and guest accommodation.
It closed for passengers on 2 December 1935.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1901
Railway stations closed in 1935
1901 establishments in Ireland
1935 disestablishments in Ireland
Longgan Lake（）is a freshwater lake in central China, divided between Susong County of Anhui Province and Huangmei County at the eastern extremity of Hubei Province. The lake is situated near the north bank of the middle reaches of Yangtze River, opposite Poyang Lake (which is south of the Yangtze). The lake was named Longgan Lake in a 1955 decision which combined the names of two former lakes, Long Lake () and Gan Lake ().
At of 1998, the lake's water surface area was . It is an important marsh protective area. Longgan Lake is an important aquatic farming area.
Geography
Administrative Divisions
The western shore of Longgan Lake is in Huanggang; the area is administered under the Longganhu Administrative District (total area: 100 km2). Longganhu Administrative District administers:
Notes
Lakes of Hubei
Lakes of Anhui
Huangmei County
Osborne County (standard abbreviation: OB) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 3,500. The largest city and county seat is Osborne.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Osborne County was established.
During the Civil War the Kansas legislature ordered the survey of western two-thirds of the new state in anticipation of future settlement. An escort of soldiers from Fort Riley accompanied U.S. Deputy Surveyors D. E. Ballard and E. C. Manning as they commenced the survey of what is now Osborne County on September 8, 1862. Early the next year, however, they had to suspend their surveying efforts due to the proximity of, and objections from, the natives of the area - the Indians.
At this time the Solomon River valley was rich with beaver, antelope, elk, and buffalo. Several Indian tribes had hunted in the valley for decades and were in no mood to share the land with settlers bent on decimating the abundant game, plowing under the lush grass for farming, and just generally changing the way things were.
Some 200 Cheyenne were encamped in the county when Ballard and Manning were ordered to resume the survey in 1866. While escorting the surveying party along Twin Creek on July 21, soldier Edward Roche of Company I, 2nd U.S. Cavalry, was killed by Indians. They buried them at what later became the common corner of Corinth, Penn, Winfield and Bloom Townships. On May 15, 1868, the survey of Osborne County was at last completed. The boundaries of the county were defined by the legislature on March 3, 1867. The governor named it in honor of Captain Vincent B. Osborne, a Civil War soldier who lost a leg in a battle on January 17, 1865, at Joy's Ford on the Arkansas River. Later Osborne was elected State Representative of Ellsworth County in 1871 and served as Ellsworth County Probate Judge for a number of years prior to their death at age 40 of erysipelas on December 21, 1879. Oddly, Osborne never set foot in the county named after him.
On January 14, 1870, George Wolberd filed the county's first homestead claim in the extreme northeast corner of Osborne County. John M. Boer filed a homestead claim next to Wolberd later the same day. Both men were members of the Rotterdam Dutch Colony that settled in 1869 and 1870 along Oak Creek in what are now Mitchell, Osborne, Jewell, and Smith Counties.
Zarah Hill came to the North Fork Solomon River valley on March 1, 1870, and filed a claim on March 25 for land in the northeast corner of what later became Bethany Township. They were the third man to homestead in the county.
That same month brothers Charles and William Bullock made the first permanent non-native settlement in the county on the north side of the South Solomon River in what is now Tilden Township. They constructed a double cabin with portholes surrounded with a log enclosure for their horses and the "Bullock Ranche" became the terminus for all early homestead and hunting parties in northwest Kansas over the next two years.
After its creation in 1867 Osborne County was attached to Mitchell County for legal purposes, as the county had not formally organized. The first couple married in the county, Solomon Weatherman and Marinda Alling, had to travel to Beloit to obtain a marriage license before returning to their homestead two miles south of modern-day Bloomington. They were married there on March 1, 1871.
The second town in Osborne County, Arlington, was founded when Calvin Reasoner opened a log general store two miles east of present-day Bloomington in late 1870. On May 27, 1871, a meeting was held on the steps of Calvin Reasoner and Frank Thompson's general store in Arlington to discuss preliminary steps towards organization of the county. To no one's surprise, Reasoner was elected chairperson of the meeting and Thompson secretary. A census committee of Charles Cunningham, William Bullock and A. B. Fleming was appointed to ascertain whether the county held the 700 residents required for securing state recognition of legal organization, and it was decided to reconvene one week later on Saturday, June 3, 1871, at Arlington with the results.
The Pennsylvania Colony had founded the town of Osborne City on May 1, 1871, with the intention of making it the county seat - a hope that Calvin Reasoner desired for their own town of Arlington. They therefore kept secret the May 27th meeting from the Colony and did their best to do the same with the second meeting. They failed.
"He [Reasoner] sent runners north, south, and west, notifying them to be at Arlington at seven p.m. that day for the purpose of locating a county seat. One of their men came to our Colony at four p.m. and told. Our men started at once, north, east, and south, telling every one to meet here at six p.m., that the county seat was to be located. Some forty men responded. They were told what Calvin Reasoner had done and all of them got to Arlington before seven p.m. Of course the Arlington bunch was surprised." - Frank A. Rothenberger, Pennsylvania Colony member.
The meeting was called to order with Calvin Reasoner as chairperson. The Pennsylvania Colony held the majority of the persons attending. The census committee reported 724 inhabitants and 281 voters in the county, a sufficient number under law to further proceed with organization.
"After assembling we found that we were a majority; however, we kept quiet until the time came to choose a temporary county seat, when one of our number arose and moved that Osborne City be declared the temporary county seat, which received an immediate second by another of our party. Then the fun commenced; a general hubbub ensued. After a while a gentleman arose and asked, ‘Where is Osborne City? We have never heard of the town!' Our president then arose and deliberately drew from their pocket the charter of Osborne City, containing the great seal of the secretary of the state of Kansas, which they exhibited to the audience. They then demanded of each of the champions for other towns that they show theirs, but they were obliged to confess that they had none. An effort was then made to postpone the vote until another meeting." - Francis Gruger, Pennsylvania Colony member.
"Cal had sent a man to Russell to call for a requisition from the governor. A vote was taken and our crowd won by four. The chairperson stated it wouldn't do them [the colonists] any good, as they had to have the proper papers signed by the governor. Major Henry D. Markley said they had attended to that on coming into the state, and produced the papers and said it had to be settled right now, and it was." - Frank A. Rothenberger.
Apart from the county seat question, Calvin Reasoner's chief objective for the June 3rd meeting, legal organization of the county, was accomplished. Charles Cunningham, Samuel Chatfield, and Frank Stafford were elected special county commissioners. Frank Thompson was named county clerk and Osborne City became the temporary county seat. Cunningham, A. B. Fleming, and Charles Bullock were appointed to draft a petition to the governor praying for recognition of Osborne County's legal organization.
The census presented at the meeting included all parties having claims in the county and showed that at the time half of the adult males in the county were bachelors. Unfortunately the first names of all women and children residing in the county were not listed in the census, and so the state authorities found the census defective. They stopped action on recognition of the county's organization until a second census was completed. This was done and on September 12, 1871, Kansas Governor James Harvey issued a proclamation declaring the county organized and a legal entity. Elections for the various county offices were held that November and Osborne County was officially organized.
Frontiersman Charles "Buffalo" Jones lived in a sod house for a time on a homestead in Section 19 of Tilden Township, Osborne County, from 1872 to 1876, prior to their co-founding Garden City, Kansas, in 1879.
Biographies of prominent men and women from throughout Osborne County's history, including Jones, can be found at the Osborne County Kansas Hall of Fame website.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. The county is intersected by the south fork of Solomon River. The surface is rolling and consists mostly of prairies.
The geodetic center of North America is located within the county. The geographic center of the 48 contiguous states is located in neighboring Smith County.
Adjacent counties
Smith County (north)
Jewell County (northeast)
Mitchell County (east)
Lincoln County (southeast)
Russell County (south)
Ellis County (southwest)
Rooks County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,452 people, 1,940 households, and 1,208 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 2,419 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.61% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.07% from other races, and 0.81% from two or more races. 0.38% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,940 households, out of which 25.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.50% were married couples living together, 5.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.70% were non-families. 35.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.90.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.80% under the age of 18, 5.50% from 18 to 24, 22.30% from 25 to 44, 22.60% from 45 to 64, and 25.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 96.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,145, and the median income for a family was $35,438. Males had a median income of $24,736 versus $16,516 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,236. About 7.20% of families and 10.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.20% of those under age 18 and 8.50% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Like all of Kansas outside the eastern cities, Osborne County is overwhelmingly Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won Osborne County since Woodrow Wilson in 1916. Only six of twenty-five Democratic presidential candidates since 1920 have reached so much as thirty percent of Osborne County's vote – the last of these being Michael Dukakis in 1988 during a major Great Plains drought.
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Osborne County has remained a prohibition, or "dry", county.
Education
Unified school districts
Waconda USD 272
Osborne County USD 392
Paradise-Natoma-Waldo USD 399
Communities
Cities
Alton
Downs
Natoma
Osborne
Portis
Unincorporated communities
Bloomington
Corinth
Covert
Townships
Osborne County is divided into twenty-three townships. The city of Osborne is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Osborne County, Kansas
Meades Ranch Triangulation Station, the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927 (NAD 27), which was used as a reference point until 1989.
References
Notes
Further reading
Handbook of Osborne County, Kansas; Junction Steam Print Press; 58 pages; 1880s.
Standard Atlas of Osborne County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 78 pages; 1917.
Plat Book of Osborne County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 44 pages; 1900.
External links
County
Osborne County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Osborne County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Paroedura vazimba is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
References
Paroedura
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2000
Frąckowiak is a Polish-language surname. It is a patronymic surname of Northern Poland origin formed by the addition of the diminutive suffix "-ak" to father's surname "Frąckow".
Notable people with this surname include:
Grzegorz Bolesław Frąckowiak (1911-1943),Society of the Divine Word martyr
Halina Frąckowiak, Polish singer, songwriter, and composer <-- Notability: multiple state decorations and numerous awards-->>
Joanna Kapturska born Frąckowiak, Polish volleyball player
Magdalena Frackowiak (born 1984), Polish model and jewelry designer
Marek Frąckowiak (1950-2017), Polish actor of stage and screen
Michał Frąckowiak, a founder of Wikidot, a Polish wiki hosting corporation
, Polish-born British neurologist and neuroscientist <-- Notability: high positions in several top universities; scientific awards and recognition -->
References
Polish-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Acanfora is a surname of Italian origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Joe Acanfora (born 1950), American educator and activist
Renato Acanfora (born 1957), Italian football player
Surnames of Italian origin
The Guldara stupa is not far from the village of Guldara (or Gol Darreh) in, Kabul Province, Afghanistan, set on the summit of a high hill at the end of the Valley of Guldara ('Valley of Flowers'). It appears to have been established in the late 2nd century CE, as it contained six gold coins of the Kushan king Vima Kadphises ruled c. 113-127 CE, the father of Kanishka I, and two from Huvishka, Kanishka's son, who is thought to have ruled c. 150-190 CE. None of the coins appear very worn, and the two Huvishka coins look to be in almost mint condition.
Description
The Guldara stupa is about 22 km or 14 miles south of the city of Kabul. It is a large stupa, a solid mass made of rough stone and mud and is probably the best-preserved in Afghanistan. A small stupa, a replica of the main one, is set on the side of the hill and, nearby, are the remnants of a fortified monastery. Facing the monastery "was a group of very large standing figures" of which the excavators only found two large feet which have since disappeared. Close to the village of Shiwaki nearby is another monastery and stupa.
The stupa itself stands on a square base with two cylindrical domes topped with a dome above it. "The base is decorated with false Corinthian columns flanking, on three sides, a central niche, and on the southwest side, a staircase leading to the top of the base. Statues once occupied the niches. The decoration of the first drum is similar to that of the base but the second drum is more elaborately embellished with a false arcade of alternating semicircular and trapezoidal arches. The motif between the arches represents the umbrella mast with which stupas are usually crowned. The walls present a fine example of Kushan workmanship known as "diaper masonry", consisting of thin neatly placed layers of schist interspersed with large blocks of stone. The construction of the capitals is also especially interesting and most effective in its simpolicity. The entire stupa was originally plastered and painted ochre-yellow with red designs."
"In a valley called Guldara, or the vale of flowers, on the opposite side of this ridge, is a Hope which was also examined by M. Honigberger. As they had penetrated only the basement, I directed it to be re-opened at the line where the superstructure reposes on it. My search was successful, and at the centre were discovered in an apartment mingled with ashes, gold medals of Kadphises, and of the earlier princes of the Kanerki family, which it was interesting to meet with in company with each other, and numerous ornaments of gold, apparently buttons, resembling such articles even to being
provided with shanks."
Reliquary and contents
Between a half and three-quarters of the way up the stupa there was a small chamber containing a reliquary and some treasure. The 19th century British adventurer Charles Masson opened the chamber and recovered eight gold Kushan coins some other gold ornaments. As well as the gold coins mentioned above there were also ninety-six gold buttons with bronze loops with an average diameter of 2.1 cm., and "a small quantity of ashes and fragments of bones".
Footnotes
References
A. D. H. Bivar (2009). "KUSHAN DYNASTY i. Dynastic History" from Encyclopedia Iranica online. downloaded 13 April 2012.
Nancy Hatch Dupree (1977). An Historical Guide to Afghanistan. 1st Edition 1970. 2nd Edition Revised and Enlarged, 1977.
Falk (2001): "The yuga of Sphujiddhvaja and the era of the Kuṣâṇas." Harry Falk. Silk Road Art and Archaeology VII, pp. 121–136.
Charles Masson (1841). "A Memoir on the Buildings called Topes." In: Ariana Antiqua: A Descriptive Account of the Antiquities and Coins of Afghanistan. H.H. Wilson. The Court of Directors of the East India Company, London.
Willem Vogelsang (2002). The Afghans. Blackwell Publishers, Oxford. .
External links
Short video showing Guldara stupa and surrounds
"Guldara monastery, (near) Kheyrabad, Velayat-e Kabol, AF."
"Kheyrabad, Afghanistan Page"
Huntington Archives: "Architectural Stupas: The Stupa at Guldara" (contains text and two excellent B&W photos)
The British Museum collection of objects from the Guldara stupa are illustrated on 6 pages starting at:
Kushan Empire
Buddhism in Afghanistan
Buddhist art
Buddhist pilgrimage sites in Afghanistan
Nagriamel (sometimes seen as Vemarana, Vemerana or the Nagriamel Customs Union or Nagriamel Movement) is a political party in Vanuatu.
History
The party was established in January 1966 at a meeting of chiefs in Espiritu Santo convened by Chief Buluk of Big Bay. The first territory-wide political movement in the New Hebrides, by 1969 it was estimated to have around 10,000 members (around one in eight of the population), mostly in the north of the territory. The name 'Nagriamel' was taken from combining the names of two plants, nagria (a croton) and mel (a cycas). Soon after its establishment, Jimmy Stevens became involved with the party after offering to sell guns to the chiefs. They used much of the funds donated to the party to build an agricultural complex in Vanafo.
The party called for the return of all European-owned land that had not been used for agricultural development, It also held the view that the New Hebrides was not ready for independence and the modernization it would bring, though the party was reputedly manipulated by anti-independence French factions and the Phoenix Foundation. In the 1975 elections, the party won two of the 29 seats in the new Assembly.
As the independence movement gathered momentum after 1975, led by the more Anglo-centric Walter Lini and the Vanua'aku Pati, Nagriamel sought to delay the end of British–French condominium. With backing from the Phoenix Foundation, Nagriamel declared the independence of the 'Republic of Vemerana' on Santo on the eve of independence in 1980. Vanua'aku Party and Papua New Guinean soldiers quashed the new state weeks later. Reprisals against Nagriamel supporters spread throughout the northern islands.
Following independence, the party contested the 1983 elections, winning one seat, taken by Harry Karaeu. This seat was lost in the 1987 elections, but the party won a seat again in the 1991 elections. The party retained its single seat in the 1995 elections, but lost their parliamentary representation in the 1998 elections. It regained a seat in the 2008 elections, with Havo Moli elected in Malo/Aore. Moli was subsequently appointed Minister for Agriculture.
In the 2012 elections the party won three seats, with Moli joined in parliament by Samsen Samson and John Lum. It retained all three seats in the 2016 elections before losing two in 2020.
The party tends to support Vanuatu's status as a tax haven as well as private enterprise, but is in favour of free education and health care (generally a position popular on the left), and is against modern individualism corrupting customary values.
See also
Turaga nation
References
Separatism in Oceania
Political parties in Vanuatu
1966 establishments in the New Hebrides
Political parties established in 1966
pl:Vemerana
Kammeltal is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Evaluation Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Social Sciences. The journal's editor is Jacob Klerman (Abt Associates). It was first published in 1977 by SAGE Publications, who continue to publish the journal today.
Scope
Evaluation Review (ERX) aims to bring together applied evaluation methods used in a wide range of disciplines. The journal is an interdisciplinary forum for social science researchers, planners, and policymakers who develop, implement, and utilize studies designed to improve the human condition. Evaluation Review publishes papers on quantitative and qualitative methodological developments, as well as related applied research issues.
Abstracting and indexing
Evaluation Review is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.436, ranking it 34 out of 98 journals in the category ‘Social Sciences, Interdisciplinary'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1977
Bimonthly journals
Sociology journals
Abigail is a 2019 American short drama film directed and produced by Max Hechtman and Christonikos Tsalikis. The film served as Hechtman's senior thesis. It is influenced by a one-scene screenplay of the same name by writer Jason K. Allen and is inspired by a true story dealing with the subject matter of end-of-life decisions.
It was first screened as part of the Fashion Institute of Technology Film and Media Program's senior show on May 17, 2019 and was a year later named a quarterfinalist in Stage 32's 5th Annual Short Film Contest. Its first public screening took place virtually on October 6, 2020 at the 2020 Long Island International Film Expo, where it won the Audience Award, and was nominated for Best Short Film, Best Long Island Short Film and Best Director. This was followed by a screening at the Point Lookout Film Festival on March 31, 2021.
Premise
A lonely and elderly widower struggles to come to terms with the loss of their wife and the circumstances surrounding their death. When they visit their grave, they encounter a little girl who shows them the path to healing and fills them with hope.
Cast
Richie Allan as Elmer
Elvira Tortora as Abigail
Lauren Hart as Woman at Cemetery
Leilani Marie Vasquez as The Girl
Production
Development
Jason K. Allen's original script for the film was of just the cemetery scene. When Max Hechtman optioned the script, documentary filmmaker Josh Koury, their professor at the time, encouraged Hechtman to expand upon it in order to fit the requirements of the senior thesis assignment. Hechtman worked closely with their mother, Meryl Hechtman, co-director Christonikos Tsalikis and script editor Miscelleana Tsalikis to make the story fit the required 15-20 minute length limit of the assignment.
It is Hechtman's first narrative short to feature professional actors in the roles, with Elvira Tortora and child actor Leilani Marie Vasquez making their screen debuts as Abigail and The Girl respectively.
Filming
Filming took place in Merrick, NY and at All Faiths Cemetery in Middle Village, NY from November 21, 2018 to April 25, 2019.
Post-production
Post-production on the film was completed in August 2019.
Reception
Jenna Reilly of Take 2 Indie Review gave the film 4 stars and wrote that it "not only explores the emotional toll of grieving a loved one – it also gives the viewer a powerful message of hope. If we are open to receiving the signs that surround us – we realize that our loved ones are always with us and that love – never dies."
Accolades
References
External links
Official Site
Abigail at Max Hechtman's website
2019 films
2019 short films
2019 drama films
American drama short films
Films about depression
Films about death
Films about suicide
American nonlinear narrative films
Films directed by Max Hechtman
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Karan or Karran or Korran or Keran (), also rendered as Kiran, may refer to:
Karan-e Bozorg, Khalkhal, Ardabil Province
Karan-e Bozorg, Nir, Ardabil Province
Korran, Kerman
Karan, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari
Karan, Razavi Khorasan
Karan, West Azerbaijan
Karan-e Olya, West Azerbaijan Province
Karan-e Sofla, West Azerbaijan Province
Karan-e Vasat, West Azerbaijan Province
Elizabeth Stanton (born December 18, 1995) is an American television presenter and actor. They host their own syndicated E/I television series Elizabeth Stanton's Great Big World, and is also the host of World's Funniest Animals on The CW. As an actor, they portrayed the role of Liz Sandler on the teen sitcom This Just In.
Filmography
References
External links
American entertainers
Living people
21st-century American actores
1995 births
Hyouka () is a 22-episode animated television series based on Honobu Yonezawa's novel of the same name. It was produced by Kyoto Animation with direction by Yasuhiro Takemoto, series composition by Shoji Gatoh, character design by Futoshi Nishiya, and music composition by Kohei Tanaka. The series centers around the events which first-year high school student Houtarou Oreki faces when they join their school's Classic Literature Club.
Hyouka aired in Japan from April to September, 2012. The series was broadcast on Tokyo MX, Chiba TV, Television Saitama, Television Kanagawa, KBS Kyoto, Sun Television, Gifu Broadcasting System, Mie Television, TVQ Kyushu Broadcasting, and BS11. The first episode premiered on April 14 at a special event at Kadowaka Cinema, Shinjuku. A bonus original video animation episode was streamed online on UStream on July 8, 2012, and was later released on Blu-ray Disc with the third manga volume on January 13, 2013. Two Drama CD volumes were released by Bandai Namco Arts in August and October of 2012. Kadokawa Shoten released the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Hyouka in Japan.
Funimation licensed the anime and released a two-part Blu-ray/DVD edition in North America in July and September of 2017 with an English dub. Following Sony's acquisition of Funimation, the series was moved to Crunchyroll. Anime Limited released it in the United Kingdom in 2017 and 2018. In November 2021, Funimation UK relicensed the anime and released a complete series edition containing all the episodes.
The series has four pieces of theme music: two opening themes and two ending themes. The first opening theme, used for the first 11 episodes, is by ChouCho, and the second opening theme from episode 12 onwards is by Saori Kodama. The first ending theme, used for the first 11 episodes, is , and the second ending theme from episodes 12 onwards is ; both ending themes are sung by Satomi Sato and Ai Kayano.
Episodes
OVA
Drama CD
Two Drama CD volumes were released by Bandai Namco Arts. The first volume was released on August 22, 2012, and the second volume was released on October 10, 2012.
Volume 1
Volume 2
Home video releases
Japanese-language releases
English-language releases
References
Hyouka
Leelamine (dehydroabietylamine) is a diterpene amine that has weak affinity for the cannabinoid receptors CB1 and CB2, as well as being an inhibitor of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase. Optically active leelamine is also used as a chiral resolving agent for carboxylic acids. Leelamine has been shown to be effective against certain cancer cells, independent from its activity on CB receptors or PDK1 - it accumulates inside the acidic lysosomes leading to disruption of intracellular cholesterol transport, autophagy and endocytosis followed by cell death.
See also
Abietic acid
References
External links
Simple Leaf CBD
Amines
Cannabinoids
Diterpene alkaloids
Isopropyl compounds
Phenanthrenes
The People's Choice Podcast Awards, better known as the Podcast Awards, are global awards given annually to the best podcasts as voted by the general public. Founded in 2005 by Todd Cochrane of Podcast Connect Inc., the Podcast Awards changed hands for a short period by New Media Expo in September 2014 until New Media Expo's demise. The first Podcast Awards show was held in 2006 (awarding shows for the 2005 calendar year) had over 350,000 people vote for their nominated podcasts, with nearly 1000 people attending the awards ceremony. The 10th annual Podcast Awards Show, the first show run exclusively by the New Media Expo, took place at Westgate Las Vegas Resort and Casino on April 14, 2015. It was hosted by Chris Jericho and Emily Morse. The 12th Annual event started with a complete site rebuild and change to the overall process.
Rules
The nominations begin on a set date (July 1, 2017 for the 2017 awards) and continue for thirty days. Listeners can nominate shows from 20 categories over the 30 day period once a day. Podcasts have had to pre-register in order to participate and listeners are allowed to select the shows they want to nominate from within the pre-registered list of shows.
After the thirty days of nominations, Podcast Connect Committee will review all the nominations over a 15 day period and a slate announced.
Once up to ten nominees in each category have been established, the final voting slate is released. Voting in this round are selected by a panel of judges as outlined in the podcast awards rule.
Categories and winners
The Podcast Awards consists of twenty-two categories. Winners are announced during a ceremony which includes a live web stream. The prizes awarded to winners are donation/sponsor-driven via PayPal. In 2009, they were able to award podcasters almost $3,500 in prizes, with additional website exposure through 2009–2010 of seventeen million plus hits.
†The Podcast Awards were not held in 2014.
*Prior to 2010, Science and Technology were combined as one category.
Podcast awards are awarded for the previous calendar year. For example, the 2014 awards ceremony took place on April 14, 2015.
One-time awards
2005 – Music/Radio: Coverville
2005 – Nonenglish: Annik Rubens: Schlaflos in München
2005 – Top Rated: Slice of SciFi
2005 – World News: Kathleen Keating
2006 – Best Podcast directory: Apple iTunes
Criticism
Some critics have complained that the Podcast Awards lack publicity, which results in the same podcasts winning awards every year. While some podcasters are aware of the awards and mobilize their listeners to vote, many do not realize they exist.
See also
List of web awards
References
External links
Podcast Awards website
Podcast Connect Inc.
Podcast Connect archive of the Podcast Awards
Podcasting awards
Web awards
Awards established in 2005
Pietro Ricaldone (born in Mirabello Monferrato, Italy on July 27, 1870 - died in Turin, November 25, 1951) was a Catholic Roman Priest of the Salesians of Don Bosco, who was the 4th Rector Major of that Order between 1932 and 1951. They were the last Superior of the Salesians that knew Don Bosco alive. They were also the founder of the Salesian Pontifical University.
Life
Ricaldone was born in 1870 in Mirabello in a family of farmers of middle class. Their father became major of the town. They did their first years of education in Alassio and then moved to Borgo San Marino where they knew Don Bosco - they would meet the saint only two times in their life. In 1889 they joint the Salesian Novitiate of Valsalice and became religious in 1890. They were sent as a teacher to Utrera, Spain and continued their studies of theology in Sevilla. In 1893 became director of the Salesian College of Sevilla. In 1898 Don Rua sent them to visit the Salesian houses of Argentina, Chile and Uruguay.
In 1901 was elected Superior of the Spanish Province, but also they are appointed to visit the Salesian houses in the Western Hemisphere as well as Egypt and Palestine.  They are elected general administrator of the Salesians in 1922. They promoted the Salesian press, making several educative publications. In 1926 they led the Salesian Missionary Exposition in Turin and was sent to make visits to Salesian houses in India, Japan, Thailand, Myanmar and China.
Rector Major
The Salesian Chapter of 1932 elected Ricaldone as the 4th Successor of Don Bosco. They were the first Superior that did not have a personal contact with the Founder, although they saw Don Bosco alive twice. In 1936 the Salesians suffered a great persecution during the Spanish Civil War in a country that was very near to their heart. In 1939 began the World War II with devastating consequences for the Salesian works, disconnecting the General House in Turin with the rest of the world. There were also several difficulties in China and East Europe. In 1951 Ricaldone reported that there were 1,900 Salesians deported, banished from their own nations or deprived from their freedom.
During their government, Pope Pius XI canonized Don Bosco and they could transfer the Salesian Theologate of La Crocetta in Turin to Rome as the Salesian Pontifical University.
Notes
Salesians of Don Bosco
1870 births
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
1951 deaths
Dernau is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The village of Dernau which is centrally located in the Ahr valley is famous for its wines. Most of them are red wines. Besides agriculture, tourism is a strong economic factor.
References
External links
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Micromania may refer to:
Micromania (video game retailer), a French video game retailer
Micromanía, a Spanish computer game magazine
"Micromania", a song by Romina Contiero
Micromania (moth), a synonym of the moth genus Anthracia
The nelicourvi weaver (Ploceus nelicourvi) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is endemic to Madagascar. Together with its closest relative, the sakalava weaver, it is sometimes placed in a separate genus Nelicurvius. A slender, sparrow-like bird, it is long and weighing . Breeding males have a black bill and head, brown eyes, yellow collar, grey belly, chestnut-brown lower tail coverts, olive back, and blackish flight feathers edged greenish. Non-breeding males have mottled grey and green heads. In the breeding female the front of the head is yellow and the back olive green, with a broad yellow eyebrow. It builds solitary, roofed, retort-shaped nests, hanging by a rope from a branch, vine or bamboo stem, in an open space. It primarily feeds on insects, looking on its own or in very small groups, often together with long-billed bernieria. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland and mountain forests. The conservation status of Nelicourvi weaver is the least concern according to the IUCN Red List.
Taxonomy
The nelicourvi weaver was first described by Italian naturalist and physician Giovanni Antonio Scopoli in 1786, who called it Parvus nelicourvi. The description was based on a specimen that Pierre Sonnerat, a French naturalist and explorer, had collected during their 1770 visit of Madagascar, on the eastern coast, possibly near Fort Dauphin. In 1789, Johann Friedrich Gmelin, a naturalist from Germany, gave the name Loxia pensilis, based on a description by English ornithologist John Latham, who themselves had not provided a binomial name. In 1827, George Shaw, an English zoologist and botanist, included L. pensilis in the genus Ploceus. In 1850, Charles Lucien Bonaparte assigned the species to their newly erected genus Nelicurvius. No subspecies have been described. The original genus name Parvus is Latin and means "little". It is presumed that the species epithet nelicourvi was derived from the Tamil word "nellukuruvi", a name for a waxbill or finch on Sri Lanka. In 1783, John Latham gave the species its first common name in English, calling it "pensile grosbeak". "Nelicourvi weaver" has been designated the official name by the International Ornithological Committee (IOC). Vernacular names in Malagasi are fodisaina, fodifetsy and farifotramavo.
Based on recent DNA-analysis, the genus Ploceus is almost certainly polyphyletic. If all species currently included in the genus would remain and the genus would be made monophyletic, it would have to encompass the entire subfamily Ploceinae. The Ploceinae can be divided into two groups. In the first group, the widowbirds and bishops (genus Euplectes) are sister to a clade in which the genera Foudia and Quelea are the closest relatives and which further includes the Asiatic species of Ploceus, i.e. P. manyar, P. philippinus, P. benghalensis, P. megarhynchus, (and P. hypoxanthus, although untested). Since Georges Cuvier picked P. philippinus as the type species, these five species would logically remain assigned to the genus Ploceus.
Basic to the second group is a clade consisting of both species sofar included in Ploceus that live on Madagascar, P. nelicourvi and P. sakalava, and these are morphologically very distinct from the remaining species. These two species could in future be assigned to the genus Nelicurvius that was erected by Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1850, but which was merged with Ploceus later on. This second group further contains the genera Malimbus and Anaplectes, and all remaining Ploceus species.
Description
The nelicourvi weaver is a slender sparrow-like bird of long and weighing . During the breeding period, the male has a black beak, (reddish) brown eyes and blackish to brownish grey legs. Their head is black, including the cheeks, around the ears, the forehead, crown and nape. The black is surrounded by a broad yellow collar, that includes chin, breast, side and back of the neck. The yellow collar is on the other side bordered by a vaguely defined olive-green band. The lower chest and belly are bluish-grey, the lower flanks grey with a greenish hue. The wing flight feathers are blackish, with those near the wing tips with narrow greenish yellow edges and those more to the base with broad olive-green edges. The alula and primary coverts are blackish, while all other coverts are bright olive green. The underside of the wing consists of light grey feathers with a yellowish tinge. The shoulders, and upper tailbase are also bright olive-green, the under tailbase chestnut-colored, while the tail flight feathers are blackish with wide olive-green. The non-breeding plumage differs in the black of the head which turns olive green, mottled with dark grey, and the presence of a narrow yellow brow.
The front of the head of the female in breeding plumage is yellow, gradually changing to olive green at the back of the head, except for the broad yellow rear brow, while the area between the eye and the bill are dark greenish grey, and the area around the ear is green. The head is surrounded by a broad yellow collar that includes the chin. The remainder of the female breeding plumage is identical to the male's.
The nelicourvi weaver can be distinguished from the related sakalava weaver, which has streaked plumage. The somewhat related forest fody and Madagascar fody mostly have streaked upperparts and scarlet as the most obvious colour.
Sound
The usual call of the nelicourvi weaver is a high-pitched, very distinct , which is more metallical and rasping when the birds are in feeding groups. Other calls that can be heard when the birds are at the nest include , -, and . The song, which is produced while being at the nest sounds like .
Distribution and habitat
The nelicourvi weaver is an endemic species of Madagascar. It occurs along the entire belt of rainforest that stretches from the Tsanatanana mountains in the North to the South-East. It also is present in the litoral forest of the eastern coast, almost but not quite reaching Tôlanaro (Fort-Dauphin of old) in the South-East. It can be found from sea level to mostly around altitude, but is also present up to high in Marojejy National Park. In the far North, an isolated population exists at the Amber Mountain National Park. It mostly lives in moist mountain and lowland forest, but is also present in sclerophyllous mountain forests, bushland and thickets.
Ecology and behaviour
Birds roam from the forest floor to the canopy, but particularly favour the middle story. They mostly operate alone, in pairs or groups of three, and can also be found mixing with long-billed bernierias. Larger flocks do not occur. The nelicourvi weaver is an agile, active species that generally makes a lot of noise. It searches for insects on leaves, and branches, while hanging from vines and twigs. It looks for animals in rolled leaves such as wild ginger Aframomum and along leaf litter, probing crevices, and opening dead stems. It also dismembers flowers to reach the nectar. Mostly, arthropods (beetles, bugs, butterflies, caterpillars, dragonflies, flies, grasshoppers, leafhoppers, stick insects, millipedes and spiders) are consumed, sometimes small vertebrates (lizards and chameleons), next to some nectar, fruit and probably seeds.
Reproduction
The species is apparently monogamous, having long-term relationships. Nests are built distanced from other nests. Although occasionally two nests are within a few meters, colonies do not occur. Males display during the breeding season, while seated on a horizontal branch, with fluttering wings helt low while calling loudly. Mating starts during the sixth day of nest building. The male chases away other birds from the nest, possibly to forestall the deposition of eggs by other couples or cuckoos. Eggs usually are produced between October and March, corresponding to the late dry season and raining season. Nest building may occur as early as August and does not always signal imminent breeding attempts. Nests are conspicuous, usually in the open and away from surrounding vegetation, attached from an often defoliated limb, bamboo stem or vine, hanging above a clearing or a stream at a height of . The nest is attached to its hold by a long rope. It is shaped like a retort, having an oval nesting chamber high and in diameter and a vertical entrance hose is attached high up a side and is at least as long as the nest is high. It is a firm construction made from strips of grass, sedge, and palm fronds, with a thin lining of palm fibres at the bottom of the nesting chamber. The male constructs the structure of the nest while the female brings lining material. The total time used to construct the nest is approximately twelve days. A clutch consists of one to four (most often three) oval, smooth, somewhat shiny, variably pale blue-green eggs of about 20½ mm (0.8 in) long and in diameter. The eggs are incubated only by the female for fifteen days before hatching. The male lacks brood patches. Both parents feed the chicks and remove fecal sacs.
Predation
Eggs sometimes fall prey to brown lemurs (Eulemur fulvus), and nest are raided by Madagascar harrier-hawks (Polyboroides radiatus). In the daytime, birds may be taken by banded kestrels (Falco zoniventris), while at night they are at risk of being captured by barn owls (Tyto alba).
References
External links
Nelicourvi weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
nelicourvi weaver
Endemic birds of Madagascar
nelicourvi weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2002 Wales rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of matches played in June 2002 in South Africa by Wales national rugby union team.
Only two test matches were played; Wales lost both.
First test
In the first test, Wales led after the first 20 minutes, but tries from Marius Joubert and Bobby Skinstad gave the first advantage (15-11) for the victorious Springboks.
Second Test
Wales again lost, but played a "fiercely contested" match according to BBC Sport. The tour showed the improvement that the coach Steve Hansen was waiting for.
References
2002 rugby union tours
2001–02 in Welsh rugby union
2002
2002 in South African rugby union
2002
History of rugby union matches between South Africa and Wales
Črmošnjice (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies on the eastern edge of the Gottschee region that used to be inhabited by Gottschee Germans expelled in 1941 during the Second World War. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
Črmošnjice was first attested in 1264 as Scherczenicz (and as Zcermesniza in 1295, Tschermoznicz in 1353, and Tschermoschnitz in 1421). The name is derived from archaic Slovene čremoš, čremož 'ramsons' (today čemaž in Slovene) and thus refers to the local vegetation. The name of the town also appears in the clipped forms Maschen in 1614 and Moschen in 1754. In the past the German name was Tschermoschnitz.
Church
The local parish church is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Mesto. It dates to the 16th century.
References
External links
Črmošnjice at Geopedia
Pre–World War II map of Črmošnjice with oeconyms and family names
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Andrew Smith (born 27 July 1962) is a British screenwriter, playwright and author, best known for their work with the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Career
At seventeen-years-old, Smith achieved their ambition to write for Doctor Who with Full Circle, the third serial of the 18th season. Working titles for this story included The Planet That Slept. It broadcast in four weekly parts on BBC1 from 25 October to 15 November 1980. A novelisation of this serial, written by Smith, was published by Target Books in September 1982.
After limited success in television, Smith left the industry and joined the police. Decades later, they would return to Doctor Who, becoming a regular writer for Big Finish Productions. In addition to Doctor Who, Smith's other audio dramas would include Survivors, based on the 1970s BBC television series; Star Cops, based on the cult 1987 TV series created by Chris Boucher, and their Originals boxset, Transference, starring Alex Kingston.
Credits
Television
Full Circle
Big Finish
Doctor Who is a main range
The Brood of Erys
Mistfall
The Star Men
Hour of the Cybermen
Emissary of the Daleks
Lost Stories
The First Sontarans
Fourth Doctor Adventures
The Movellan Grave
The Sons of Kaldor
The Sinestran Kill
The Quest of the Engineer
Classic Doctors, New Monsters
The Sontaran Ordeal
The War Doctor
The Eternity Cage
The Lady of Obsidian
The First Doctor Adventures
The Barbarians and the Samurai
Return to Skaro
Early Adventures
Domain of the Voord
Third Doctor Adventures
Storm of the Horofax
Destiny of the Doctor
Vengeance of the Stones
Companion Chronicles
The Invasion of E-Space
Short Trips
Flashpoint
UNIT: The New Series
Earthfall (Extinction)
Bridgehead (Extinction)
Death in Geneva (Shutdown)
The Battle of the Tower (Shutdown)
The Sontaran Project (Encounters)
The Robots
Toos and Poul
Survivors
Judges
Rescue
The Second Coming
Come the Horsemen
Lockup
Conflict
Blake's 7
Battleground
The Liberator Chronicles Vol.10: Retribution
The Liberator Chronicles Vol.11: Escape From Destiny
Star Cops
One of Our Cops is Missing
Hostage
The New World
Big Finish Originals
Transference
Timeslip
Volume 1: The Age of the Death Lottery
Space 1999
Goldilocks
References
External links
Living people
21st-century British male writers
British television writers
British male screenwriters
British science fiction writers
Scottish television writers
Scottish dramatists and playwrights
British male television writers
1962 births
Richard Anthony Drago (born June 25, 1945) is a former American League relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Kansas City Royals (-), Boston Red Sox (-, -), California Angels (-), Baltimore Orioles (1977) and Seattle Mariners (). They batted and threw right-handed.
In a 13-season career, Drago posted a 108-117 record with a 3.75 ERA and 58 saves in 519 appearances (189 as a starter).
Drago played high school ball for Woodward High School in Toledo, Ohio, graduating in 1963. They were originally signed by the Detroit Tigers in the amateur draft, but was selected by the Kansas City Royals during the expansion draft. They started their Major League career with the Royals in , becoming the ace of their pitching staff in , after going 17-11 with a 2.98 ERA, and ending fifth in the AL Cy Young Award vote behind Vida Blue, Mickey Lolich, Wilbur Wood and Dave McNally. Finishing with a 3.01 ERA in , Drago went 12-17, but declined with 12-14 and 4.23 in . They were traded by the Royals to the Red Sox for Marty Pattin on October 24, 1973,
Drago also pitched for the Angels and Orioles in part of two seasons. They had been acquired by the Orioles from the Angels for Dyar Miller on June 13, 1977. They filed for free agency after their lone season with the Orioles. They returned to Boston after signing with the Red Sox on November 21, 1977. During their last three years with the Red Sox, they saved 13 games with a 10-6 record in 1979. They ended their major league career with Seattle in 1981.
On July 20, 1976, Drago gave up the last of Hank Aaron's then-major league record 755 career home runs.
References
External links
Baseball Library
The 50 Greatest Royals of All-Time- #35 Dick Drago
1945 births
Living people
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Ohio
Kansas City Royals players
Boston Red Sox players
California Angels players
Baltimore Orioles players
Seattle Mariners players
Sportspeople from Toledo, Ohio
Detroit Mercy Titans baseball players
Rocky Mount Leafs players
Daytona Beach Islanders players
Montgomery Rebels players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Fort Myers Sun Sox players
The Manitoba Teachers' Society (MTS) is the trade union representing schoolteachers in Manitoba, Canada. It was founded in 1919, and currently has around 16,000 members. It is an affiliate of the Canadian Teachers' Federation. Originally called the Manitoba Teachers' Federation, the union adopted its current name in 1942.
Mission
The Manitoba Teachers' Society is dedicated to safeguarding the welfare of teachers, the status of the teaching profession and the cause of public education in Manitoba.
Goals
To provide for its members an organization that will give them an equal, effective and democratic opportunity to pursue their interests and aspirations as teachers.
To achieve for and utilize on behalf of its members a system of collective bargaining that will permit a fair and open negotiation of all economic benefits, professional rights and conditions of work of teachers.
To ensure for its members opportunities to develop their professional skills as teachers.
To protect and defend the individual rights of its members as teachers.
To positively influence educational change.
To be recognized as an effective agent of public education so that government will consult and maintain a continuous dialogue with teachers.
External links
1918 establishments in Manitoba
Canadian Teachers' Federation
Trade unions established in 1918
A Behanding in Spokane is a 2010 black comedy by award-winning Irish/English playwright Martin McDonagh. It premiered at the Schoenfeld Theatre on Broadway in 2010. Set in the fictional town of Tarlington, Ohio, this is McDonagh's first play that takes place in the United States.
Plot synopsis
A mysterious man named Carmichael has been searching for their missing left hand for 27 years. Two bickering lovebirds, Toby and Marilyn, claim to be in possession of their long-ago severed appendage, and look to collect the reward that Carmichael is offering for its return. An eccentric hotel clerk, Mervyn, gets in the middle of the transaction, and their presence threatens to spoil the proceedings.
Production
A Behanding in Spokane opened on Broadway at the Schoenfeld Theatre on 15 February 2010 in previews, officially on 4 March 2010, and closed on 6 June 2010 after 108 performances.
Directed by John Crowley, the cast featured Christopher Walken as Carmichael, Sam Rockwell as Mervyn, Anthony Mackie as Toby and Zoe Kazan as Marilyn. This is the first play that McDonagh has set in the United States.
Critical response
Hilton Als, reviewing for The New Yorker, wrote: "The play is engineered for success, and McDonagh's stereotypical view of black maleness is a significant part of that engineering....McDonagh adds gag after gag to the show, as if they believed that comedy could cover up the real horror at its core: the fact that blackness is, for him, a Broadway prop, an easy way of establishing a hierarchy. Like any smart immigrant, McDonagh knows that by going after Toby's otherness they become less of an outsider himself."
Ben Brantley, in their review for The New York Times noted that the typical McDonagh characters "start to seem alarmingly like figures from a conventional Hollywood caper comedy about dopey, foul-mouthed crooks who keep tripping over themselves... If Mr. McDonagh hasn't provided the kind of exhilarating, nasty fun house we have come to expect of him, we are at least allowed to spend shivery time in that shabby, scary labyrinth that exists behind Carmichael's glassy forehead."
Awards and nominations
Walken was nominated for the 2010 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play, the 2010 Outer Critics Circle Award, Outstanding Actor in a Play, and the Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Actor in a Play. The play was nominated for the 2010 Drama League Award, Distinguished Production of a Play.
References
External links
2010 plays
Broadway plays
Comedy plays
Plays by Martin McDonagh
Plays set in the United States
Kandhei Jatra or Toy Fair is a traditional festival celebrated every year in Berhampur in the Indian state of Odisha. The festival is three centuries old and related to the oldest Jagannath temple of the city. This festival takes place for three days and things for domestic use made of clay, wood or metal were also put up for sale.
Plot
This festival is celebrated every year on the full moon day of Hindu calendar month of Ashadha. This festival is held at Berhampur known as the silk city after a week of Ratha Yatra. It is to be believed that the traditional festival is around three centuries older. The toy fair is ritualistically attached to the oldest Jagannath temple in the city (Berhampur) located in Khaspa Street. According to the tradition, on the night the pedestal of idol of lord Jagannath at this temple is decorated with earthen toys of different mythological characters. The good thing about the festival is that, it promotes the traditional toy makers of the area who make toys from clay, cow dung, wood, coir and papier-mâché.
History
According to the local tales, centuries back, a priest of the Bada Jagannath Temple Sribachha Panda (ଶ୍ରୀବଛ ପଣ୍ଡା) requested the king of Mahuri Kingdom (now known as Mahuri Kalua by the locals) for the festival and they permitted it. Since then the festival has been celebrated every year at Khaspa Street of Berhampur.
References
Folk festivals in India
Berhampur
Cultural festivals in India
Hindu festivals
Religious festivals in India
Fairs in India
Colin Gwyer & Associates Ltd v London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd [2003] BCC 885 (also, Eaton Bray Ltd v Palmer) is a UK insolvency law and company law case concerning directors' duties. It recognized that directors owe fiduciary duties to creditors when a company is on the verge of insolvency.
Facts
London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd was a company set up to manage three flats at 28 Narrow Street, just near the Thames in London. Colin Gwyer & Associates Ltd owned flat one on the ground floor. Mr Gwyer owned that company. Mr Palmer owned flat two and Eaton Bray Ltd owned flat three. Each had one share in the company, which held the head lease. They did not get along. Mr Gwyer had been carrying out building work. It disturbed them. They did it without their permission, in breach of covenant. It disturbed Eaton Bray Ltd in particular, which brought proceedings to make Mr Gwyer's company forfeit the lease. Meanwhile, London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd was teetering on the verge of insolvency. Then Mr Gwyer nominated their builder (Mr Howell) to the board of the company. Eaton Bray Ltd was even more upset, and its nominated director refused to attend a board meeting to resolve the dispute. Mr Palmer wanted it settled. Mr Palmer and Mr Howell resolved that Mr Gwyer's terms for settling the matter would be accepted. Eaton Bray Ltd sued, arguing the resolution was ineffective because it was breach of a fiduciary duty.
Judgment
Leslie Kosmin QC held that the board meeting was validly convened and was quorate. Although London Wharf's articles of association allowed Mr Howell to vote on a resolution in which they had an interest, the provision's existence did not relieve them of a general duty to act in good faith for the interests of London Wharf. When they passed the resolution, the two directors were in breach of fiduciary duty. Moreover, since insolvency was imminent, they also had a duty to act in the interests of company creditors. They did not properly consider creditors, either. Therefore, the resolution accepting the settlement was invalid.
See also
West Mercia Safetywear Ltd v Dodd (1988) 4 BCC 30; [1988] BCLC 250
Re Smith & Fawcett [1942] Ch 304
Charterbridge Corp Ltd v Lloyd's Bank Ltd [1970] Ch 62, ‘could an honest and intelligent man, in the position of the directors, in all the circumstances, reasonably have believed that the decision was for the benefit of the company'.
US law
Geyer v. Ingersoll Publication Co., 621 A.2d 784 (Del. Ch. 1992);
Credit Lyonnais Bank Netherland, N.V. v. Pathe Communication Corp., Civ. A. No. 12150, 1991 WL 277613, at 34 n.55 (Del. Ch. Dec. 30, 1991)
North American Catholic Education Programming Foundation, Inc. v. Gheewalla, 930 A.2d 92 (Del. 2007) denying direct fiduciary claims against directors by creditors and limiting these duties to situations where the firm is already insolvent
References
J Lowry, 'The Recognition of Directors Owing Fiduciary Duties to Creditors' (2004) International Corporate Rescue
United Kingdom company case law
United Kingdom insolvency case law
High Court of Justice cases
2002 in case law
2002 in British law
The Dover–Dunkerque train ferry was one of two regular rail freight train ferries that operated between the United Kingdom and Europe. The route connected the English port of Dover, with the French port of Dunkerque. After rationalisation of other Anglo-European train ferries, the Dover to Dunkerque sailing was the last to survive, though it ended its days on freight carryings only after the Night Ferry passenger service ended in 1980. The last Dover to Dunkerque wagon-freight ferry service became redundant upon the opening of the Channel Tunnel when freight was carried directly through the Channel Tunnel.
History
Before the First World War, freight being shipped between the Channel ports led to a time-consuming process of shipping from source, unloading onto a ship, re-loading onto rail wagons and then onward delivery on the continent. This ran a significant cost of finance, time and also was detrimental in the amount of labour required to handle the transhipment. During the First World War, despite many innovative efforts to get military supplies to the front (such as small barges sailing across the Channel), the British military established a train ferry at Richborough to enable trains and wagons to be taken onto a ferry without having to transfer the goods from wagons. Other crossings were also established at Southampton, Dover, Newhaven and Liverpool.
Whilst this process was by no means unique in Britain (at least two water crossing train ferries were in operation across the Firths of Forth and Tay until their respective bridges were built), train ferries on the open sea was new to the British railway system.
The London and North Eastern Railway established a Harwich to Zeebrugge train ferry in 1924, using the former ferries and docking equipment as produced for the British military at Southampton and Richborough during the First World War. In 1933, the Southern Railway started on a train ferry terminal in the port at Dover to allow a ro-ro ferry service for trains across the channel to Dunkerque. Dunkerque was chosen above other French ports because of its recently refurbished docks. Initial lightly loaded freight services started in 1936, but a full service for freight did not begin in earnest until 1937, with the Night Ferry passenger service starting a year earlier in 1936.
Due to the height difference between high and low tides, which could be as much as in Dover Harbour, a separate dock was created which was protected against the extremes of tidal difference. Additionally, the dock was specially constructed with concrete in the water and a substrate of chalk removed from beneath it. The geological problems of building on the grey chalk (which was found to be riddled with cavities) was a problem that presented itself to the builders of the Channel Tunnel, a venture which brought the train ferry service to an end.
The Night Ferry service last ran in September 1939 due to the onset of the Second World War, and during the war, the three ships that plied the route were redeployed in use by the Royal Navy as mine-laying ships as the advantage of having rails set into the deck, allowed for easy transport onto the ship of the mines.
Competition first came from vehicle only ro-ro ferries in 1952 when a Dover to Boulogne service was started.
In 1988, a new dock and linkspan were installed at Admiralty Pier at Dover. This allowed loading and unloading of the ferry whatever the water level as the linkspan was adaptable for the height variances of the tide. At the same time, a single ship was introduced, the MS Nord Pas-de-Calais, which was capable of a two-hour journey time between the two ports, which resulted in the possibility of up to four sailings each way per day. Loading and unloading at both terminals was undertaken with two locomotives each drawing a train of railway wagons on or off at the same time. This was to prevent the ship shifting under the weight change when wagons were taken away or added. The Nord Pas-de-Calais was built with an open section at the stern of the ship (as were the most others train ferry vessels); this allowed for the transport of dangerous goods which could dissipate fumes if they leaked, but also that the wagons that contained the dangerous goods were more accessible in case of emergencies.
Commodities
Freight arriving and departing from the Dover ferry terminal was brought into Dover, or forwarded on, via British Rail's wagonload network (labelled as Speedlink from 1977 to 1991, and as Railfreight Distribution between 1991 and 1995. Traffic imported into Dover via the train ferry included, fruit, chemicals and nuclear fuels between the continent and the BNFL complex at Sellafield.
Exports included china clay from the south west of England to Switzerland and steel products from Teesside to France and Spain. Total tonnage of freight carried between Germany, France, Spain and the United Kingdom in 1993 was almost . A further was transferred between the UK and other countries in Europe.
Ships
The train ferry route utilised a number of ships in its near 60-year history. For the purposes of TOPS (British Rail's numbering system), all the ships were given Class 99 status, except "Hampton" which was withdrawn before TOPS was introduced.
Interchangeability with other train ferries was not common; the Harwich to Zeebrugge train ferry used other ships (Suffolk Ferry, Cambridge Ferry, Essex Ferry, and Speedlink Vanguard) which were not used on the Dover to Dunkerque route.
Closure
The train ferry carried its last cargo in December 1995. The opening of the Channel Tunnel prompted the demise of the train ferry to and from Dover, as most flows were re-routed through the tunnel, though its freight loadings have seen lower tonnages than the train ferry carried. Part of the reason for the lower tonnages was down to uncertainty with illegal immigrants, but also crucially, the dangerous goods that the train ferry carried were banned from travelling through the tunnel, so these loads were lost to road transport.
The train ferry dock at Dover has since been partially infilled and was in use as an aggregate terminal in the late 1990s/early 2000s.
Revival as car ferry service
As for the Dover-Dunkerque service in general, the railway ferry shut down in 1995, however in 2000 Maersk subsidiary Norfolkline revived the service. However, whilst the old service was tailored to the needs of the rail freight market, this new service was instead aimed at lorries and road freight. The new service operated by Norfolkline quickly proved to be a breakout success, as the initial one-ship operation expanded to four vessels within five years of the new service opening.
However, even by 2003 Norfolkline forecast a sharp increase in demand for transport on this route, especially with tourists, and as a result sought to aim at a more passenger-oriented market with the route, and ordered three newbuild ships. By 2005 four ships - the Midnight, Dawn, Brave and Northern Merchants were on charter from Norse Merchant Ferries to Norfolkline, however these were heavily oriented towards road freight, as shown by their high lane metres but low pax capacity. It was in October 2005 that the first of the three newbuilds - the Maersk Dunkerque - entered service between Dover and Dunkerque, and slowly, one by one the Merchants were phased out. In 2006, the other two newbuilds - Maersk Delft and Maersk Dover - entered service, and with the triplets in service, the Merchant quad were phased out completely.
In 2010 DFDS bought Norfolkline, and subsequently inherited the Norfolkline network, including the Dover-Dunkerque service. The triplets were then renamed, ditching the Maersk prefix and gaining the Seaways suffix, alongside being repainted into DFDS' house livery. Today, the service continues as a three-ship service under the DFDS banner, as one of two routes operated by the company across the Dover Straits - the other ending in Calais. The service occasionally has seen additional vessels operate to Dunkerque, chiefly when industrial action shuts down the neighbouring Port of Calais, like in 2015 when Calais suffered from strike action around the closure of MyFerryLink.
In popular culture
The Dover to Dunkerque train ferry has appeared in TV, films and books;
1965 - The Ipcress File (film)
1965 - The Night Ferry (book)
1974 - Steptoe and Son (TV series)
1967 - The Saint (TV series) S5 E24 “A double in diamonds”
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Dover Ferry Photos website
Port of Dover, Kent
Dover, Kent
History of Dover, Kent
Ports and harbours of England
Ports and harbours of France
Ports and harbours of the English Channel
Connections across the English Channel
"I've Seen It All" is a song recorded by Icelandic singer Björk for the Dancer in the Dark soundtrack, Selmasongs (2000). It was written by the singer, along with Sjón and Lars von Trier, who also directed the film. It was released as the first promotional single from Selmasongs on 21 July 2000, by One Little Indian Records. The song features vocals from Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song. Lyrically, it speaks of one coming to terms with the fact that they are going blind.
The version from the soundtrack album Selmasongs is a duet with Radiohead singer Thom Yorke while the version performed in the film Dancer in the Dark is a duet with actor Peter Stormare.
Background
Björk invited Radiohead singer Thom Yorke to record vocals in the album version. This new version was recorded over a four-day span in March 2000, with Björk recording their vocals in Las Vegas. In an interview with Time Out magazine, they said: "It was my idea to work with Thom. We spent four days in Spain just singing as and when we felt like it. He's a very pure soul and I know they don't do things lightly. So it was great that they agreed". The song was made available for download through Björk's website on 21 July 2000.
Reception
Alexandra Flood from MTV gave a positive review, saying "The centerpiece of the record is, "I've Seen It All", their duet with Radiohead's Thom Yorke. Björk describes the song as Selma's manifesto. It's a beautiful and eerie track, the pair's vocals careening over a techno beat, but just under a lovely set of strings. It's a minor masterpiece". On the other hand, Ryan Schreiber from Pitchfork said "the paired vocalists also seem an odd match here; when Björk's soaring, intense delivery meets Yorke's general disinterest, the chemistry is far from convincing".
Music videos
There are two music videos for this single. The main version of the video is an excerpt from the film Dancer in the Dark in which Björk, Peter Stormare and others sing the song on a train. The second version was directed by Floria Sigismondi and was an interactive "webeo" (a web animation) for an MTV promotion. Björk appeared with their face painted and the viewer could change the scenes and special effects by clicking on the video. A third version was going to be directed by M/M Paris, but there were several problems with the distribution of the song, and finally the video was cancelled. Later, the idea for this video was used for the "Hidden Place" video.
Live performances
"I've Seen It All" was performed by Björk and the Brodsky Quartet for the very first time in December 1999 at the Union Chapel in London, almost a year before it was released. Björk performed "I've Seen It All" at the 73rd Academy Awards, where the song was nominated for Best Original Song, with a 55-piece orchestra wearing their swan dress. They said before performing on the show, "I'm really excited [to perform]. I won many awards [and] I've been to a lot of [award] shows. This is the most exciting one for me. I'm not just gonna go and grab a fancy frock. It's about singing, so it's a completely different headspace, which is sort of why I'm doing it. I'm really excited. Really, really excited". Billboard ranked it as the ninth "most awesome" Oscar performance of all time, saying that Björk's "outfit may have cemented their place in Oscar lore, but Bjork's performance was just as memorable, and refreshingly unconventional".
Cover versions
"I've Seen It All" has been covered by Bonnie 'Prince' Billy in their 2007 album Ask Forgiveness. It was covered by Tristan Tzara on their 2001 album Omorina Nad Evropom. It was also covered by the jazz organ trio Karl Orgeltríó and singers Ragnar Bjarnason and Salka Sól Eyfeld in 2017.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Björk's official website.
Björk – vocals, songwriting, production, choir arrangement
Sjón – songwriting
Lars von Trier – songwriting
Thom Yorke – vocals
Vince Mendoza – arrangement, orchestration, conduction
Guy Sigsworth – arrangement
Mark Bell – production
Mark "Spike" Stent – mixing
References
2000 singles
Björk songs
Thom Yorke songs
Songs written by Björk
2000 songs
Songs with lyrics by Sjón
Music videos directed by Floria Sigismondi
Song recordings produced by Björk
Male–female vocal duets
Lars von Trier
The Bridgend Designer Outlet, also known as McArthurGlen Designer Outlet (and known locally as "The Pines") is a commercial retail park and outlet store development in Bridgend, Wales, United Kingdom. It is owned and operated by McArthurGlen Group.
History
The development is situated on Junction 36 of the M4 motorway between Cardiff and Swansea. It consists of around ninety different stores which offer discounts off brand and designer labels. An array of goods is available including clothes, toys, books and electrical products.
In 2014 the Outlet underwent a makeover and five new stores opened in 2015, including Ernest Jones, Calvin Klein, Henri Lloyd, Le Creuset and Snow + Rock. The outlet's facelift cost £2.5million.
Accessibility
The Designer Outlet is located near the villages of Sarn, Litchard and Pen-y-fai and the town of Bridgend. Adjacent to the development are a Sainsbury's supermarket, a Harvester restaurant, a Premier Inn hotel, a Joules clothing store and a KFC restaurant which was previously located in the food court until 2012.
It is also served by a number of bus routes to destinations both north and south of the village to and from the town of Bridgend and the Llynfi, Garw and Ogmore Valleys and has a bus stop which is served by National Express and TrawsCambria coaches between Swansea and Cardiff.
References
External links
Bridgend Designer Outlet website
Shopping centres in Wales
Outlet malls in Wales
Buildings and structures in Bridgend
Tourist attractions in Bridgend County Borough
This page is a glossary of terms in string theory, including related areas such as supergravity, supersymmetry, and high energy physics.
Conventions
αβγ
How are these related?
There is only one dimensional constant in string theory, and that is the inverse string tension with units of area. Sometimes is therefore replaced by a length . The string tension is mostly defined as the fraction
Tension is energy or work per unit length. In natural units and , and hence has dimension of length/energy or length/mass. Since has the dimension of action, i.e. momentum times length, it follows that in natural units mass =1/length, and so has the unit of area.
The slope of a Regge trajectory in Regge theory is the derivative of spin or angular momentum with respect to mass-squared, i.e.
Since angular momentum is moment of momentum , i.e. length times mass with , is dimensionless in natural units, and has units of or area like the inverse string tension.
!$@
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
XYZ
See also
List of string theory topics
References
Becker, Katrin, Becker, Melanie, and John H. Schwarz (2007) String Theory and M-Theory: A Modern Introduction . Cambridge University Press.
Binétruy, Pierre (2007) Supersymmetry: Theory, Experiment, and Cosmology. Oxford University Press. .
Dine, Michael (2007) Supersymmetry and String Theory: Beyond the Standard Model. Cambridge University Press. .
Michael Green, John H. Schwarz and Edward Witten (1987) Superstring theory. Cambridge University Press. The original textbook.
Vol. 1: Introduction. .
Vol. 2: Loop amplitudes, anomalies and phenomenology. .
Kiritsis, Elias (2007) String Theory in a Nutshell. Princeton University Press. .
Polchinski, Joseph (1998) String Theory. Cambridge University Press.
Vol. 1: An introduction to the bosonic string. .
Vol. 2: Superstring theory and beyond. .
Szabo, Richard J. (Reprinted 2007) An Introduction to String Theory and D-brane Dynamics. Imperial College Press. .
Zwiebach, Barton (2004) A First Course in String Theory. Cambridge University Press. . Contact author for errata.
External links
Particle physics glossary at interactions.org
String theory
String theory
String theory
The prime minister of Tuvalu is the head of government of Tuvalu. According to Tuvalu's constitution, the prime minister must always be a member of the parliament, and is elected by parliament in a secret ballot. Because there are no political parties in Tuvalu, any member of parliament can be nominated for the role. Following the parliamentary vote the governor-general of Tuvalu (as head of state) is responsible for swearing in as the prime minister the person who commands the confidence of a majority of members of parliament.
The office of prime minister was established when Tuvalu gained independence in 1978, although the post is sometimes considered to be a continuation of the earlier office of chief minister, which was created in 1975. If the prime minister dies, as has happened on one occasion, the deputy prime minister becomes acting prime minister until a new one is elected by parliament. The prime minister can lose their office by resigning, being defeated in a motion of no confidence by parliament, or losing their seat in a parliamentary election.
Several former prime ministers have been appointed the governor-general of Tuvalu.
Kausea Natano is the incumbent prime minister, since 19 September 2019.
List of prime ministers
Notes
Tuilimu served as acting prime minister following the death of Ionatana.
See also
Governor-General of Tuvalu
Politics of Tuvalu
References
Politics of Tuvalu
Tuvalu
1978 establishments in Tuvalu
James Johnston (born 26 August 1994) is a British rower.
Rowing career
Johnston graduated from Harvard University and began their rowing career in South Africa and rowed for them in both the 2011 and 2012 World Junior Championships. After joining Leander in 2013 they made their British junior debut the following year. They won the Prince of Wales Challenge Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta and made their Great Britain senior debut in 2017. They won a bronze medal at the 2018 World Rowing Championships in Plovdiv, Bulgaria, as part of the coxless four with Thomas Ford, Jacob Dawson and Adam Neill.
References
Living people
1994 births
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Harvard Crimson rowers
Hardscrabble Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Marshall in Oneida County, northeast of Waterville.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Darren Douglas Phillip (born March 18, 1978) is an American professional basketball player. Phillip a.k.a. "Primal Fear" is also a well known streetball player on the basketball courts of the New York City summer leagues. They were the 2000 NCAA Division I men's basketball season rebounding leader.
College career
Born in London, England, they attended high school in Brooklyn, New York, later playing college basketball at Fairfield University in Connecticut. At Fairfield, they were a two-time First Team All-MAAC selection. As a senior, Phillip led the nation in rebounds per game (14.0 rpg), while tallying a nation-leading 24 double-doubles including 19 straight to end the season and posting a MAAC single game record 25 rebounds in the team's win over Marist College. As a first-year student, Phillip was a starter on the Stags team which held a half time lead over the number 1 seed University of North Carolina Tar Heels before falling short in the 1997 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship tournament. Phillip received their bachelor's degree in communications from Fairfield University in 2000.
Professional career
Phillip was invited to the Philadelphia 76ers summer camp in 2000. Not offered a guaranteed contract, Phillip opted to sign a two-year guaranteed contract with CB Málaga, a team based in Málaga, Andalusia that plays in Spain's top league, the Asociación de Clubs de Baloncesto. After playing six years in Spain with three different teams, Phillip signed with the Strong Island Sound of the American Basketball Association in 2006. Phillip leads the league with 12.5 rebounds per game while tallying 10 double-doubles in 13 games. In December 2006, Phillip returned to Spain to play their seventh season with CAI Zaragoza.
Five years later, in September 2011, they sign for Ford Burgos.
Streetball career
Phillip has a long-standing reputation as being one of the best big men in the New York City summer hoops circuit, winning numerous championships and awards at Hoops In the Sun at Orchard Beach in the Bronx, Nike Pro City and EBC Rucker Park. Phillip is known in cage and throughout the city as Primal Fear.
Phillip's streetball resume includes team champions of the 2001 Hoops in the Sun; 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2006 EBC Rucker Park; 2004, 2005, 2007 Nike Pro City; 2006 and 2007 Brooklyn Nike Pro City; 2004 and 2005 West 4th Street; and the 2004, 2005, 2006 Original Rucker tournaments. And they were MVP of the 2005 EBC Rucker Park, 2007 Nike Brooklyn Pro City, 2007 Nike Pro City, and the 2004 and 2005 Original Rucker tournaments. Phillip appeared in the "EBC at Rucker Park: Season Two" DVD released in 2002.
See also
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball season rebounding leaders
References
External links
CAI Zaragoza Profile
Nike Basketball Article
StreetBallin.net Profile
Jack Jones, "Basketball superstar Darren Phillip '00: boundless rebounder," Campus Currents, March 2000.
1978 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Chile
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Atléticos de San Germán players
Basket Zaragoza players
Baloncesto Málaga players
CB Girona players
Ciclista Olímpico players
English expatriates in Spain
Fairfield Stags men's basketball players
Juventud Sionista basketball players
Leones de Ponce basketball players
Liga ACB players
Piratas de Quebradillas players
Power forwards (basketball)
Quimsa basketball players
Real Betis Baloncesto players
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
Street basketball players
Basketball players from New York City
Basketball players from Greater London
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Imma dioptrias is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on New Guinea.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous, the basal two-thirds suffused with violet blue. There are short yellowish subcostals and median streaks from the base, connected at the base, merged posteriorly in a broad transverse band of tawny-ochreous suffusion, limited by a narrow yellow fascia from before the middle of the costa to near the middle of the dorsum, not quite reaching it. A triangular pale yellow spot is found on the costa just before the apex, and a series of faint yellowish dots is located before the termen. The hindwings are transparent, with dark fuscous veins and a broad costal and narrower irregular terminal band. Both dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of New Guinea
The 1st Division (IFF) is a motorized infantry division of the Iraqi Army headquartered in Camp Fallujah.
The division, along with much of the Iraqi Army, is equipped with American supplied weapons, equipment, and vehicles. The division suffered heavy casualties in the fight against the Islamic State during the 2013-2017 War but has regained its strength in the last few years.
History
Originally the 1st Division was one of the four initial divisions of the Iraqi Army, active by 1941. It later became the 1st Mechanised Division, and in 1978, according to reports from the British Military Attache in Baghdad, formed part of the 3rd Corps, and was headquartered at Diwaniya, with the 1st (Diwaniya), 34th (Nasirya) and 27th Brigades (Kut). It fought in the Iran–Iraq War, including Operation Fath ol-Mobin, in which the division suffered heavy losses, and at the Second Battle of Al Faw. It was in Kuwait during the 1991 Gulf War, fought during the Battle of Khafji, and was active during the 1990s. At the beginning of the 2003 invasion of Iraq it was part of the 5th Corps in the Mosul area, being made up of the 1st and 27th Mechanised Brigades, and the 34th Armoured Brigade. It was disbanded with the rest of the Iraqi Army in May 2003 by Coalition Provisional Authority Order 2.
The division was reformed c. 2005–07 with the rest of the Iraqi Army. The 1st Division was originally formed from the battalions of the Iraqi Intervention Force (IIF)."Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq's interim government announced organizational changes for the country's security forces, along with a plan for taking on Iraq's enemies, at a 20 June 2004 Baghdad news conference. Allawi envisions the Iraqi rapid intervention forces thwarting sabotage elements, "especially those who chose to hide behind innocent Iraqis in our cities and villages." As a first order by Iraq's new Ministry of Defense, the all-Iraqi Intervention Forces began patrolling the streets of Baghdad on 28 June 2004."
Two battalions of the IIF conducted operations in Najaf between September and December 2004. Those same two battalions plus another IIF battalion, together with other Iraqi units, were present during the Second Battle of Fallujah soon afterwards. The first significant troop increase for the IIF in 2005 was the graduation of 670 soldiers from the Taji military training base on January 18, 2005. The State Department claimed the IIF had 9,159 men assigned as of the Iraq Weekly Status Report for January 12, 2005.
By January 2005, the IIF comprised twelve of the army's 27 battalions and was integrated as the 1st Division.
According to Major Gary Schreckengost, a MiTT from the 1st Division's 4th Brigade, 2005–06: "The 1st Brigade (original IIF) was considered the 'elite' of the Iraqi Army and as such, was deployed around the country much like a fire brigade. From 2005–06, most of its battalions were deployed in and around Ramadi or out on the Syrian border. The 3rd brigade was posted at Habbaniya and the 2nd and 4th brigades were posted in or around Fallujah. The 4th Brigade was a motorized brigade and mostly held the area east of Fallujah out to Abu Gharib."
The division was transferred to the Iraqi Ground Forces Command on February 15, 2007. The February 2007 release said the Division was headquartered in Habbaniyah, Al Anbar and operates from Baghdad to Ramadi. All four brigades of the division were operational when the division was transferred to the IGFC's control. In 2008 a brigade of the division took part in the Battle of Basra (2008), which was officially designated 'Operation Charge of the Knights.' As of September 2008, the division was commanded by Brigadier General Adel Abbas.
The division acted as part of the Quick Intervention Corps, the Iraqi Army's strategic reserve.
As such, it had brigades in Mosul and north Diyala as of January 2010.
Fight against ISIS
In June 2014, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) group attacked parts of northern Iraq. In the process, it was reported that two brigades of the 1st Division were lost during the attack. Mitchell Prothero of the McClatchy Foreign Staff reported July 14, 2014 that "the 1st Division also is basically gone, losing two brigades in Anbar province earlier in the year, then two more during last month's Islamic State onslaught, including one brigade that in the words of [a] senior Iraqi politician was "decimated" in Diyala province northeast of Baghdad."
Composition
As of January 2010 the division's dispositions appear to be:
Notes
Anthony Cordesman, Iraq's Military Capabilities in 2002: A Dynamic Net Assessment, CSIS, Washington DC, 2002.
Robinson, Linda (2005). "Chapter 13: Viking Hammer (and the Ugly Baby)". Masters of Chaos: The Secret History of the Special Forces. PublicAffairs. pp. 296 et seq. .
Further reading
West, Owen. The Snake Eaters: Counterinsurgency Advisors in Combat. Simon and Schuster, 2012 – documents the experiences of two teams of advisors to 3/3-1 Bn IA from 2005–2007 in Habbaniyah and Khalidiya
External links
Globalsecurity.org, 1st Mechanised Division
LongWarJournal,
Divisions of Iraq
Military units and formations established in 2005
Susan Amero (born 17 April 1976) is a female Ugandan member of parliament for the Amuria district.  They are a member of the ruling National Resistance Movement political party.
Education
Amero completed their Primary Leaving Examination at Rock View Primary School in 1989 in Tororo district. In 1993, they finished their Uganda Certificate of Education at St. Francis School for the Blind in Madera. They completed their Uganda Advanced Certificate from Mbale Secondary School in 1996.
Between 1996 and 1997, Amero completed certificates in Tour and Travel Operator and IATA/UFTAA at Airway Tours and Travel, Switzerland. In 2007, they graduated with a Bachelor of International Relations and Diplomacy at Nkumba University, a private university in Entebbe, Uganda. They also completed their Master of Arts in International Relations at Nkumba University.
Work
In 1998, Amero worked as a sales executive and receptionist. Between 1999 and 2009, they were a VIP assistant at the Ugandan Civil Aviation Authority. From 2011 to date, they have been a member of parliament.
Committees
Amero serves on the following committees in the Ugandan parliament:
National Economy
Presidential Affairs (vice-chairperson)
See also
List of members of the eleventh Parliament of Uganda.
Abubakar Jeje Odongo
Musa Francis Ecweru
Amuria District
References
External links
Website of the Parliament of Uganda
Living people
1976 births
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
National Resistance Movement politicians
Women members of the Parliament of Uganda
21st-century Ugandan politicians
21st-century Ugandan women politicians
Ek Mon Ek Pran () is a Dhallywood romance drama film directed by Sohanur Rahman Sohan. The film stars Shakib Khan, Apu Biswas and Toma Mirza. The film is based on a love triangle with Toma Mirza also starring opposite Khan as the second female lead. Misha Sawdagor, Afzal Sharif and Ali Raj appear in supporting roles. The film was released on April 20, 2012.
Cast
Shakib Khan
Apu Biswas
Toma Mirza
Ali Raj
Misha Sawdagor
Mahmud Sazzad
Afzal Sharif
Don
Soundtrack
The soundtrack is composed by Shokath Ali Imon.
Track listing
References
2012 films
Bengali-language Bangladeshi films
Bangladeshi romantic drama films
Films scored by Shawkat Ali Emon
2012 romantic drama films
2010s Bengali-language films
Films directed by Sohanur Rahman Sohan
Albert Burdon (4 July 1900–13 April 1981) was a British actor and comedian,
They were born in South Shields, County Durham. They started their career playing in provincial revues, and was spotted by C. B. Cochran who gave them a part in the Rodgers and Hart musical Ever Green at the Adelphi Theatre in London in 1930.
Although they were described by Roy Hudd as "a master of physical comedy", Burdon never became a star in London, though they did take prominent roles in a series of pantomimes at the Lyceum Theatre in the 1930s. They made nine films, including It's a Boy (1933), and continued to perform on stage until the late 1950s, in later years with their son, Bryan Burdon.
Personal life and death
Burdon married Violet Spurgin in 1933. The marriage produced two children. Their son Bryan Burdon became an actor. Violet Burdon died in South Shields in 1972. Albert Burdon died in South Shields in 1981, aged 80.
Filmography
The Maid of the Mountains (1932)
Letting in the Sunshine (1933)
It's a Boy (1933)
Heat Wave (1935)
They Knew What They Wanted (1936)
Oh Boy! (1938)
Luck of the Navy (1938)
Jailbirds (1940)
References
External links
1900 births
1981 deaths
English male stage actors
English male film actors
People from South Shields
20th-century English male actors
Jesenwang is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany. Its name was recorded as Oasinwanc during the Early Medieval period.
References
Fürstenfeldbruck (district)
Evan Tom Davies (24 September 1904 – 8 October 1973) was a Welsh mathematician. They studied applications of the Lie derivative as it relates to Riemannian geometry as well as absolute differential calculus, and published a large number of papers relating to the subjects.
Early life
Davies was born in 1904 in Pencader, Carmarthenshire, a small village in Wales. They were the son of two farmers and attended a local primary school. After finishing primary school, Davies received a full ride scholarship to Llandysul County School in the neighbouring town of Llandysul. There they became friends with Evan James Williams, a future professor of physics at Aberystwyth University and member of the Royal Society. In 1921, they enrolled in Aberystwyth University. They would graduate with a Bachelor of Science with honours in the field of applied mathematics. After graduation they went to Swansea University where they studied pure mathematics and received their master's degree. Davies would move to Rome in August 1926 to study with the leading expert on absolute differential calculus, Tullio Levi-Civita. There they received their doctorate.
Career
In 1930, after a short academic break due to poor health, Davies accepted a position as an assistant lecturer at King's College London. There they were promoted twice, first to Lecturer in 1935, and later to Reader in 1946. Davies was affected by the evacuation of King's College due to the London Blitz and was forced to temporarily relocate to the University of Bristol. After the conclusion of the Second World War and their subsequent promotion to Lecturer; Davie would become the chair of mathematics at the University of Southampton. They stayed at Southampton until their retirement in 1969 at the age of 65. After retirement, they went on to be a professor of mathematics at the University of Calgary for a period two years until leaving to be a professor at the University of Waterloo. They died at the age of 69 while employed there.
Publications
On the infinitesimal deformations of a space (1933)
On the deformation of a subspace (1936)
On the infinitesimal deformations of tensor submanifolds (1937)
On the second and third fundamental forms of a subspace (1937)
Analogues of the Frenet formulae determined by deformation operators (1938)
Lie derivation in generalized metric spaces (1939)
Subspaces of a Finsler space (1945)
Motions in a metric space based on the notion of area (1945)
The theory of surfaces in a geometry based on the notion of area (1947)
On the invariant theory of contact transformations (1953)
Parallel distributions and contact transformations (1966)
Personal life
Davies' first marriage was to Margaret Helen Picton in 1941, but they died a few years later in 1944. In 1955 they remarried, to Hilda Gladys Boyens, and they had one son. They made a hobby of linguistics and was fluent in five languages.
References
External links
Welsh mathematicians
20th-century mathematicians
20th-century linguists
University of Calgary faculty
University of Waterloo faculty
Alumni of Swansea University
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Academics of the University of Southampton
1904 births
1973 deaths
KotriSain is a small village in the Pauri Garhwal district of the Indian state of Uttarakhand. The population of KotriSain is around 500. It covers a wide geographical area, which is hilly and a valley surrounded by Corbett Tiger Reserve.
The main source of income is agriculture. The village has a primary and secondary school. Few children attend the school because of migration of citizens to nearby towns and cities like Kotdwar and sometimes further to Delhi, which is away. Children go to Rikhnikhal/Barkhet for senior schooling.
There are few temples nearby: Dhontiyal, which is about from the town, and PaniSain Nausainna Devi, located about from the town. About away, there is a famous temple called Tarkeshwar Mahadev. Kotdwar is about from KotriSain.
Villages in Pauri Garhwal district
Antti Buri (born 2 December 1988) is a Finnish racing driver currently TCR Italian Series champion. Having previously competed in the ADAC TCR Germany Blancpain Endurance Series, Porsche Carrera Cup Germany & International GTSprint Series amongst others.
Racing career
Buri began their career in 2007 in Finnish Formula Ford Zetec, they raced there for many seasons up until 2009, also racing in the Formula Ford NEZ at the time. In 2009 they switched to the British Formula Ford Championship, they raced there up until 2012 and won the championship title that year. They switched to the Finnish Formula Ford Junior for 2010, taking the championship title in both 2010 & 2011. They made a couple of one-off appearances in the Benelux Formula Ford, ADAC Formel Masters & Portuguese GT Championship from 2011-13. For 2013 they switched to the Finnish Porsche GT3 Cup, ultimately winning the championship that year. In 2013 they made a one-off appearance in the Porsche Carrera Cup Germany series, ahead off a full entry in 2014, they finished 27th in the standings that year. From 2013-15 they made one-off appearances in the International GTSprint Series, Porsche Supercup & Blancpain Endurance Series. In 2016 they raced in the ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship, they took their first win in race 2 at the second round held at Sachsenring.
In May 2016 it was announced that they would race in the TCR International Series, driving a Volkswagen Golf GTI TCR for Leopard Racing.
Racing record
Complete TCR International Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Driver did not finish the race, but was classified as they completed over 75% of the race distance.
Complete 24 Hours of Nürburgring results
TCR Spa 500 results
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
TCR International Series drivers
Finnish racing drivers
Sportspeople from Turku
World Touring Car Cup drivers
24H Series drivers
W Racing Team drivers
Motopark Academy drivers
ADAC Formel Masters drivers
Oidaematophorus eupatorii, the eupatorium plume moth or Joe Pye plume moth, is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in North America, including Florida, Mississippi, Iowa, New York, California and Vancouver Island. It is also known from Mexico, Guatemala and Panama.
The wingspan is about . The head is dull reddish brown and the thorax is pale brown. The legs are brown. The forewings are pale ocher yellow, the whitest on the costal portion, and sprinkled with dark-brown scales to such an extent as to give them a wood-brown color. These dark-brown scales form a spot, nearly reaching a dark-brown costal streak over the end of the fissure, beyond which are two costal dark-brown spots, the first of which is the smaller. The fringes are smoke brown, cut with whitish once on the first lobe and twice on the outer margin of the hind lobe. The hindwings and fringes are brownish cinereous.
The larvae are greenish, striped with wine color and white, and feed on Eupatorium species (including Eupatorium purpurascens) and Epilobium species. The larvae are gregarious. They feed externally by tying together the terminal shoots of the host plant with webbing and feeding on them. Pupae are green, ornamented with wine-colored and white lines.
References
Oidaematophorini
Moths described in 1891
Moths of North America
Barzan () was a historical palace in Ha'il, Saudi Arabia. Its construction was begun in 1808 by Prince Muhammad bin Abdul Muhsin Al Ali. The palace was completed during the rule of the second Rashidi amir, Talal bin Abdullah.
Barzan Palace consisted of three floors and covered an area of more than 300,000 square meters. The first floor featured the reception halls, gardens, and kitchens. The second floor housed diplomatic guests, and the third floor was occupied by the royal family. It was located near Barzan souq.
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia ordered the palace destroyed after they had ousted the last Al Rashid emir from power in 1921.
References
Demolished buildings and structures in Saudi Arabia
Houses completed in the 19th century
Palaces in Saudi Arabia
In Russian, Masha () is a diminutive of Maria. It has been used as a nickname or as a pet name for women named Maria or Marie. An alternative spelling in the Latin alphabet is "Macha". In Serbo-Croatian and Slovene, "Maša" is a diminutive of "Marija" but can be a given name in its own right.
The Jewish name Masha () is of Biblical extraction. Tradition has it that the first Masha was named after a departed male named Moshe (Moses).
Other diminutives of Maria
There are a large number of diminutives (nicknames) in Russian for Maria beside Masha:
Marusya ()
Manya ()
Manyunya ()
Manyasha ()
Mashunya ()
Mashuta ()
Mashenka ()
Mar'ya ()
Mashulya ()
Mashka ()
Notable people
Masha Bruskina (1924–1941), Soviet partisan of the Minsk Resistance
Masha Dashkina Maddux, Ukrainian dancer
Masha Gessen (born 1967), Russian and American journalist and author
Maria Kolenkina, Russian socialist revolutionary of the late 19th century
Masha and Dasha Krivoshlyapova (1950–2003), Russian conjoined twins
Masha Lubelsky (born 1936), Israeli politician
Masha Ma, Chinese fashion designer
Masha Rasputina (born 1964), Russian pop singer
Masha (singer) or Masha Shirin (born 1990 or 1991), Latvian-born American pop singer
Marie Yovanovitch (born 1958), American diplomat who served as ambassador to Kyrgyzstan, Armenia and Ukraine
Maria "Masha Scream" Arkhipova (born 1983), lead singer of the Russian folk metal band Arkona
Maria Viktorovna (born 1986), Russian-American YouTuber and ASMR performer
Maria Vladimirovna "Masha" Alyokhina (born 1988), Russian political activist and musician.
Fictional characters
Masha, hero of the Russian TV series Masha and the Bear
Masha, hero of Pushkin's novel The Captain's Daughter
Masha, one of the title characters in The Three Sisters (play) by Anton Chekhov
Masha, Ilya's and Polina's daughter in The Seagull, another Chekhov play
Masha, in the Tokyo Mew Mew manga series
Masha Rostova, Elizabeth Keen's birth name in the TV series The Blacklist
Masha, part of Elizabeth's entourage in the film Young Frankenstein
Masha, obsessed fan in The King of Comedy (1983) played by Sandra Bernhard
Marya "Masha" Morevna, main character in Deathless, a retelling of Russian folklore
Maria "Masha", title character in Hayden Kopser's novella Masha (2021)
Masha Dmitrichenko, in the miniseries Nine Perfect Strangers, based on the novel of the same name
References
Russian feminine given names
Hypocorisms
The Lower Saxony Order of Merit () is a civil order of merit, of the German State of Lower Saxony. The order was established 27 March 1961. The order is presented in three classes, the highest is the Grand Cross of Merit (Großes Verdienstkreuz), the next is the Cross of Merit First Class (Verdienstkreuz 1. Klasse), and the lowest is the Cross of Merit on Ribbon (Verdienstkreuz am Bande).
References
Lower Saxony
Lower Saxony
Culture of Lower Saxony
A museum shop or museum store is a gift shop in a museum. Typical offerings include reproductions of works in the museum, picture postcards, books related to the museum's collections, and various kinds of souvenirs. Art museums often include clothing and decorative objects inspired by or copying artwork. Museum shops are often placed near the entrance or the exit. Temporary special exhibitions often have their own gift shops. Museum shops are often important sources of revenue for museums as public funding diminishes, and museum professionals often consider them as important elements of visitor education.
In the United States, museum shops developed after the Second World War. At first, they were often small and not professionally managed. They became important revenue generators in the 1980s.
Museum shops have become an important element of visitors' perceptions of museums. Indeed, some studies show that visitors spend more time at the shop, the café, and so on, than with the exhibits.
Some writers on museums take an anti-commercialization position and criticize shops as undermining the cultural value of the museum.
See also
Exit Through the Gift Shop (film)
References
Bibliography
Shop
Retail formats
A boule is a single-crystal ingot produced by synthetic means.
A boule of silicon is the starting material for most of the integrated circuits used today. In the semiconductor industry synthetic boules can be made by a number of methods, such as the Bridgman technique and the Czochralski process, which result in a cylindrical rod of material.
In the Czochralski process a seed crystal is required to create a larger crystal, or ingot. This seed crystal is dipped into the pure molten silicon and slowly extracted. The molten silicon grows on the seed crystal in a crystalline fashion. As the seed is extracted the silicon solidifies and eventually a large, cylindrical boule is produced.
A semiconductor crystal boule is normally cut into circular wafers using an inside hole diamond saw or diamond wire saw, and each wafer is lapped and polished to provide substrates suitable for the fabrication of semiconductor devices on its surface.
The process is also used to create sapphires, which are used for substrates in the production of blue and white LEDs, optical windows in special applications and as the protective covers for watches.
References
Crystals
Semiconductor growth
William David Stits (July 26, 1931 – December 5, 2011) was an American football safety in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions, San Francisco 49ers, Washington Redskins, and New York Giants. They played college football at the University of California, Los Angeles and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1954 NFL Draft.
References
1931 births
2011 deaths
Sportspeople from Los Angeles County, California
American football safeties
UCLA Bruins football players
Detroit Lions players
San Francisco 49ers players
Washington Redskins players
New York Giants players
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Deaths from dementia in California
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Players of American football from California
People from Lomita, California
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in the U.S. state of Virginia. In 2019, Virginia had a total summer capacity of 28,045 MW (the total capacity of all stations given below is 24,986 MW ) through all of its power plants, and a net generation of 96,828 GWh. The corresponding electrical energy generation mix in 2021 was 56.6% natural gas, 29.9% nuclear, 3.8% solar, 3.6% biomass, 3.3% coal, 1.9% hydroelectric, 0.6% other, and 0.3% petroleum.
The Virginia Clean Economy Act of 2020 directs the construction of 16,100 MW of solar power and onshore wind and up to 5,200 MW of offshore wind by 2035, bringing the state's utility-delivered power to 100% renewable energy by 2045. It will close all but two coal-fired plants by 2024, with the Virginia City and Clover plants allowed to operate until 2045, though economic conditions may close them earlier.
Power stations
See also
List of power stations in the United States
References
Lists of buildings and structures in Virginia
Geographic coordinate lists
Virginia
Miguel de Irízar y Domenzain (1635–1684) was a Spanish Baroque composer.
Irízar was born in Artajona and trained as a choirboy in León and Toledo. In August 1657 they became maestro de capilla in Vitoria, then in August 1671 appointed to Segovia Cathedral where they remained for their remaining thirteen years. They died at Segovia.
The correspondence of Irízar preserved in the cathedral of Segovia archives contains a total of 362 letters received during the period 1663 to 1684. There are numerous requests to Irízar to compose music for the chapels of other cathedrals, or to exchange for works by composers such as Cristóbal Galán and Carlos Patiño. Some of these compositions were part of the repertoire taken to the New World. The correspondence also includes extensive detail on performance practice. The letters indicate in particular the wide and rapid circulation of villancicos between different cathedrals.
Works
Masses
Motets
Lamentations
Villancicos
Tonos a la Navidad.
Discography
Miguel de Irízar. Mass for 6 voices. 10 Christmas pieces. Ecos y afectos. Capilla Jeronimo de Carrion, dir. Alicia Lazaro. Verso VRS2024, Spain 2004.
References
Spanish Baroque composers
1635 births
1684 deaths
Musicians from Navarre
Spanish male classical composers
17th-century classical composers
17th-century male musicians
Ader is a French automobile.
Ader may also refer to:
Ader (surname)
Ader Tower, historical monument in Buenos Aires
Mount Ader, mountain in Antarctica
Sans titre is the 2009 studio album of Corneille. It was released in 2009 reaching #21 in the French Albums Chart and staying for 10 weeks in the chart.
Track listing
"Elle me ment"
"En attendant"
"Sans nous"
"Ma comédie"
"Le parasite"
"Pauvre cynique"
"Voleuse de lendemain"
"Star! Vite fait!"
"Vieillir avec toi"
"Je me pardonne"
References
2009 albums
Corneille (singer) albums
Gil Fuller & the Monterey Jazz Festival Orchestra featuring Dizzy Gillespie is an album by composer, arranger and conductor Gil Fuller featuring trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Pacific Jazz label. The album was rereleased on CD combined with Fuller's Night Flight (Pacific Jazz, 1965) on the Blue Note label as Gil Fuller & the Monterey Jazz Festival Orchestra featuring Dizzy Gillespie & James Moody in 2008.
Reception
The Allmusic review called the album "A bit of a disappointment... the big band is mostly heard from in a purely accompanying role behind the great trumpeter and little interplay occurs".
Track listing
All compositions by Gil Fuller except as indicated
"Man from Monterey" (Phil Moore) - 4:00
"Angel City" - 8:20
"Love Theme from the Sandpiper" (Johnny Mandel, Paul Francis Webster) - 2:48
"Groovin' High" (Dizzy Gillespie) - 3:27
"Be's That Way" - 4:39
"Big Sur" - 4:37
"Moontide" - 3:56
"Things Are Here" (Gillespie) - 4:19
Personnel
Gil Fuller - arranger, conductor
Dizzy Gillespie, John Audino, Harry 'Sweets' Edison, Freddie Hill, Melvin Moore - trumpet
Gabe Baltazar, Buddy Collette - alto saxophone
Bill Green, Carrington Visor - tenor saxophone
Jack Nimitz - baritone saxophone
Sam Cassano, David Duke, Herman Lebow, Alan Robinson - French horn
Jim Amlotte, Bob Fitzpatrick, Lester Robinson - trombone
Dennis Budimir - guitar
Phil Moore - piano
Jimmy Bond - bass
Earl Palmer - drums
References
Pacific Jazz Records albums
Gil Fuller albums
Dizzy Gillespie albums
1965 albums
Albums arranged by Gil Fuller
Albums conducted by Gil Fuller
Sedum dasyphyllum, also named Sedum burnatii and commonly known as Corsican stonecrop or thick-leaved stonecrop, is a low-growing succulent flowering plant of the genus Sedum in the family Crassulaceae.
Description
It is a small perennial plant with green/turquoise or gray/green opposite leaves and a creeping stem forming shrubs. Its flowers are white and small with little black dots on the petals and green ovaries. The Sedum dasyphyllum, typical of the Mediterranean region, usually grows among the rocks, especially among the tuff walls of rural areas.
Gallery
Subspecies and varieties
Sedum dasyphyllum subsp. dasyphyllum
Sedum dasyphyllum subsp. glanduliferum
Sedum dasyphyllum subsp. granatense
Sedum dasyphyllum var. microphyllum
References
External links
Sedum dasyphyllum: infos on backyardgardner.com
dasyphyllum
Garden plants
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Millennium is a 1983 science fiction novel by John Varley. Varley later turned this novel into the script for the 1989 film Millennium, both of which are based on Varley's short story "Air Raid", which was published in 1977.
Plot introduction
Millennium features a civilization that has dubbed itself "The Last Age". Due to millennia of warfare of every type (nineteen nuclear wars alone), the Earth has been heavily polluted and humanity's gene pool irreparably damaged. They have thus embarked on a desperate plan; time travel into the past, collect healthy humans, and send them to an uncontaminated planet to rebuild civilization.
The time travelers can only take people that will have no further effect on the timeline: those who have vanished without a trace, or died without being observed; otherwise they would be changing the past, which risks a temporal paradox and perhaps even a catastrophic breakdown of the fabric of time. Though they collect everyone they can, they exert a great deal of effort on those destined to die in various disasters such as sinking ships and crashing airplanes (and once a century of Roman soldiers lost and dying in the North African desert). As such incidents leave no survivors to report interference and change the timeline, they can freely remove the living but soon-to-die victims, and replace them with convincing corpses they have manufactured in the future.
The novel deals with several of the raids, their eventual discovery in the present day, and the fallout that results from changes to the present day reverberating into the future.
The story follows Louise Baltimore, who is in charge of a "snatch team" that goes back into the past to kidnap people who would otherwise die. Because of the massive pollution and the genetic damage they have sustained, they are missing one leg and must get advanced medical treatment daily. Them natural appearance is quite ugly due to skin damage (from "paraleprosy") and other problems; however, they wear a special "skin suit" which makes them look whole and beautiful (which may or may not be real—she is an unreliable narrator), and gives them a functional artificial leg.
The team they lead uses a "time gate" to appear in the bathroom aboard an airplane in flight. Dressed to look like flight attendants, they begin to bluff the passengers into entering the bathroom where they are pushed into the gate, to arrive in the future. After large numbers of people disappear, the remaining passengers become suspicious. The future team then uses special weapons to stun them before throwing them through the gate.
During the removal of the passengers, they run into an unexpected hijacker. The ensuing gunplay is one-sided; one of the snatch team members is killed, and their stunner is lost. The rest of the team finishes removing the passengers and the real flight attendants. The team then scatters pre-burnt body parts around the plane so they will be found after the crash. As the plane approaches the moment when it is destined to crash, the lost weapon still has not been found.
Upon returning to their present (our future), Louise is informed that the weapon that was left behind has caused a paradox and that it must be recovered to prevent a breakdown in the fabric of time.
Miscellaneous information
Most of the chapter titles are named after famous novels and short stories about time travel by other authors, as Varley mentions in the book's author's note: "The time-travel story has a long history in science fiction. The theme has been so extensively explored, in fact, that I found it no trouble to write a book with chapter titles borrowed almost exclusively from the long list of stories that served, in one way or another, as ancestors to this one."
Film adaptation
John Varley worked on numerous drafts of a screenplay for over ten years and half a dozen directors until it was finally filmed by Michael Anderson in 1989. As of July 2014, the film holds a 13% rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.
Reception
Greg Costikyan reviewed Millennium in Ares Magazine #15 and commented that "Millennium is old-fashioned, seamless science fiction. One gets the feeling that all is done well, but most of it has been done before. Does this mean one shouldn't buy it? By no means. There is certainly little enough well-written old-fashioned science fiction being published."
It was nominated for the Philip K. Dick Award in 1983, and for both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1984.
References
External links
Millennium at Worlds Without End
Novels about time travel
1983 American novels
American science fiction novels
1983 science fiction novels
Novels by John Varley
Aviation novels
American novels adapted into films
Let's Sing Country is a competitive music video game developed by French studio Voxler and released for the Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4.
Gameplay
The gameplay is similar to the SingStar series of video games.
Peripherals
The game uses either up to two USB microphones or two smartphone apps that can turn a phone into a microphone.
Track listings
The game features 30 on-disc tracks:
Bebe Rexha ft. Florida Georgia Line - "Meant to Be"
Chris Janson - "Buy Me a Boat"
Chris Lane - "Fix"
Cody Johnson - "On My Way to You"
Cole Swindell - "You Should Be Here"
Darryl Worley - "Awful, Beautiful Life"
Devin Dawson - "All on Me"
Dierks Bentley - "Burning Man"
Dustin Lynch - "Small Town Boy"
Dwight Yoakam & Buck Owens - "Streets of Bakersfield"
Dylan Scott - "My Girl"
Eric Church - "Round Here Buzz"
George Strait - "The Chair"
Glen Campbell - "Rhinestone Cowboy"
Granger Smith - "Backroad Song"
Jake Owen - "Down to the Honkytonk"
Jimmie Allen - "Best Shot"
Joe Nichols - "Sunny and 75"
Jon Pardi - "Dirt on My Boots"
Jordan Davis - "Singles You Up"
Kacey Musgraves - "Follow Your Arrow"
Kelsea Ballerini - "Peter Pan"
Kenny Rogers - "The Gambler"
Lady Antebellum - "Just A Kiss"
Lauren Alaina - "Road Less Traveled"
LoCash - "I Love This Life"
Michael Ray - "Think a Little Less"
Rascal Flatts - "These Days"
Sam Hunt - "Take Your Time"
Toby Keith - "I Wanna Talk About Me"
More song packs are available as downloadable content.
Best of 80's Vol. 1 Song Pack
Tears for Fears - "Everybody Wants To Rule The World"
Dexy's Midnight Runners - "Come On Eileen"
Lionel Richie - "All Night Long"
Soft Cell - "Tainted Love"
Elton John - "Sacrifice"
Best of 80's Vol. 2 Song Pack
Wham! - "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go"
Communards - "Don't Leave Me This Way"
Roxette - "It Must Have Been Love"
Bonnie Tyler - "Total Eclipse Of The Heart"
Kim Wilde - "Kids In America"
Best of 90's Vol. 1 Song Pack
The Cure - "Friday I'm In Love"
Sinead O'Connor - "Nothing Compares 2 U"
All Saints - "Never Ever"
Aqua - "Barbie Girl"
Alanis Morissette - "Ironic"
Best of 90's Vol. 2 Song Pack
Corona - "Rhythm of the Night"
Rednex - "Cotton Eye Joe"
Technotronic - "Pump Up The Jam"
The Cardigans - "Lovefool"
Gala - "Freed from Desire"
Chart Hits Song Pack
Clean Bandit - "Tears"
Lost Frequencies feat. Janieck Devy - "Reality"
Sigala - "Sweet Lovin"
Galantis - "No Money"
Jonas Blue/JP Cooper - "Perfect Strangers"
Legendary Hits Song Pack
Gloria Gaynor - "I Will Survive"
Vanessa Carlton - "A Thousand Miles"
The Cure - "Boys Don't Cry"
Lily Allen - "The Fear"
Lady Gaga - "Bad Romance"
Party Classics Vol. 1 Song Pack
Diana Ross - "Upside Down"
Madness - "Our House"
UB40 - "(I Can't Help) Falling In Love With You"
The Cranberries - "Zombie"
Queen - "Crazy Little Thing Called Love"
Party Classics Vol. 2 Song Pack
A-Ha - "Take On Me"
Tears for Fears - "Mad World"
Blondie - "Heart of Glass"
New Order - "Blue Monday"
Queen - "We Will Rock You"
Reception
Eric Hauter of PlayStation Universe gave the game a mixed review. They scored the game a 6.5/10 and writes that "Let's Sing Country provides a way to sing modern radio country songs (and a couple of classics) with friends. If that sounds fun to you, then you will likely enjoy this game. It doesn't need to be more complicated than that."
See also
Karaoke
Karaoke Revolution
Lips
References
External links
Official Site
2019 video games
Karaoke video games
Music video games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Video games developed in France
Xbox One games
Deep Silver games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Duplainville is a neighborhood located within the city of Pewaukee, Wisconsin. It is around three miles north of Waukesha, and around 15 miles west of Milwaukee. The area is mainly industrial, but is most known among railfans because of the diamond junction between the Canadian Pacific Railway and the Canadian National Railway.
History
In 1855, the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (Milwaukee Road) built a railroad line from Brookfield to Watertown, which eventually went to Portage. In 1885, the Wisconsin Central Railroad built a railroad line from Rugby Junction to Chicago. This eventually led to their tracks crossing in Duplainville. In 1890, a tower was built in the northwest quadrant of the diamond. Because of heavy winter snow, help was hired to keep the tracks and switches clear. Although there were signals and gates at the Duplainville Rd crossing, there were numerous accidents and some fatalities. The tower burned down on January 1, 1929. A new brick building was then built, which was torn down in 1987 after an interchange track was installed in the northeastern quadrant of the diamond connecting the two lines.
The line built by the Milwaukee Road eventually fell under the ownership and control of the Soo Line Railroad in 1986. Canadian Pacific assumed full ownership and control of the line in 1990 after purchasing the Soo Line. The line built by Wisconsin Central went through the ownership of various railroads before being handed to Canadian National in 2001.
The interchange switch on the CP side was removed on or around August 1, 2019 due to a dispute over where in Chicago the railroads should interchange and a lack of activity.
Current railroad operations
The diamond junction in the center of Duplainville attracts many rail enthusiasts and railroad photographers due to around 20–25 trains that run through each line per day. The east–west mainline belongs to the Canadian Pacific Railway's double-tracked Watertown subdivision, which operates under the Soo Line Railroad subsidiary. Duplainville is at milepost 102.2. The north–south mainline belongs to the Canadian National Railway's single-tracked Waukesha Subdivision, which operates under the Wisconsin Central Ltd. subsidiary. Duplainville is at milepost 102.6. The Wisconsin and Southern Railroad also has trackage rights over this line.
References
External links
Railroad Picture Archives
Geography of Waukesha County, Wisconsin
Neighborhoods in Wisconsin
Ghulam Farid Kathia is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) from NA-161 (Sahiwal-II) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 33,016 votes and lost the seat to Rana Tariq Javed, a candidate Pakistan Shia Political Party.
They were elected to the National Assembly from NA-161 (Sahiwal-II) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 38,962 votes and defeated Chaudhry Muhammad Ashraf, a candidate of Pakistan Democratic Party. In November 2008, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was appointed as Minister of State for Education where they continued to serve until February 2011.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from NA-161 (Sahiwal-II) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 10,894 votes and lost the seat to Chaudhry Muhammad Ashraf.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Porcelain is the fourth studio album by German alternative metal band Emil Bulls, released on May 12, 2003. Produced by Wolfgang Stach and mixed by Stephan Glauman, it was the band's first record released on the now (circa 2004) independent Motor Music. The album marks a departure from the rapcore influence found on Angel Delivery Service toward a more progressive sound. It is also the last recording in which drummer Stefan Finauer would partake as a member of the band.
Track listing
All songs written by Emil Bulls. All lyrics written by Christoph von Freydorf.
"Porcelain" – 4:13
"Cocoon" – 3:21
"No Hay Banda" – 3:36
"Lava" – 5:58
"Moloko Velocet" – 3:28
"40 Days" – 3:39
"The Coolness Of Being Wretched (Mud Blood and Beer)" – 3:32
"Lullaby Overdose" – 2:31
"Paranoid Love Affair" – 3:41
"This Day" – 3:19
"Symbiote" – 4:09
"Killer's Kiss" – 5:52
"Facials (The Corrosion of Mind)...The Hoover Jam" – 15:56
Personnel
Christoph von Freydorf – vocals, guitar
James Richardson – bass (credited as Citnoh)
Stefan Finauer – drums (credited as Graint)
Stephan Karl – guitar (credited as M-Oikal)
Christian Schneider – guitar (credited as Ricky Glam)
Paul Rzyttka – deejay, synth (credited as DJ Zamzoe)
Sabastian Gramss – additional strings, vocal design
Marcel Mader – percussion
Wolfgang Stach – producer (credited as Wolfgang "Stackman" Stach)
Oliver Sroweleit – audio engineer
Stephan Glaumann – mixer
Roger Lian - mastering
Gerald von Foris - photography
References
2003 albums
Emil Bulls albums
Gordan Jandroković (born 2 August 1967) is a Croatian diplomat and politician serving as Speaker of the Croatian Parliament since 2017. They previously served as Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration from 2008 to 2011, and as Deputy Prime Minister from 2010 to 2011 in the cabinets of prime ministers Ivo Sanader and Jadranka Kosor.
Born in Bjelovar, Jandroković graduated from the Zagreb Faculty of Civil Engineering in 1991 and obtained a diploma from the Faculty of Political Sciences in 1993.
Political career
Jandroković was elected a member of the Croatian Parliament for six consecutive times: in parliamentary elections in 2003, 2007, 2011, 2015, 2016 and 2020.
During their parliamentary career, Jandroković, among other functions, served as the chairperson of the Committee on the Economy, Development and Renovation from 2003 to 2004, and as the chairperson of the Foreign Policy Committee from 2004 to 2007. In the same period they served as the chairperson of the Delegation to the Croatia – EU Joint Parliamentary Committee. In the 7th term of the Croatian Parliament, from 2011 to 2015, Jandroković was the deputy chairperson firstly of the European Integration Committee and then of the European Affairs Committee, founded upon Croatia's entry into the European Union. They were elected the chairperson of the European Affairs Committee on 23 January 2016. Following the extraordinary parliamentary elections in September 2016, they were elected the Deputy Speaker of the Croatian Parliament on 14 October 2016.
As per a post-election agreement, set up in 2016, between the two parties in the governing coalition: the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ; led by Prime Minister Andrej Plenković) and the Bridge of Independent Lists (Most; led by Božo Petrov, who would later be elected speaker of Parliament), Jandroković was supposed assume the speakership some time in 2018 (the middle of the current legislative term, due to end in 2020). However, due to the breakup of the coalition between the HDZ and the Most, Božo Petrov resigned as speaker on 4 May 2017, while Jandroković was voted into office as the new speaker the day later. Jandroković was re-elected as speaker on 22 July 2020 following the 2020 election.
References
1967 births
Living people
People from Bjelovar
Representatives in the modern Croatian Parliament
Croatian Democratic Union politicians
Croatian diplomats
University of Zagreb alumni
Faculty of Political Sciences, University of Zagreb alumni
Foreign ministers of Croatia
Speakers of the Croatian Parliament
Bella Center (abbreviated BC) is Scandinavia's second largest exhibition and conference center (after Messecenter Herning), and is located in Copenhagen, Denmark. Located in Ørestad between the city centre and Copenhagen Airport, it offers an indoor area of and has a capacity of 20,000 people.
Among the larger annual events is the Copenhagen International Fashion Fair, the main event of Copenhagen Fashion Week held twice a year - in February and August, and CODE, the main event of Copenhagen Design Week.
History
Bella Center takes its name from Bellahøj in northern Copenhagen where the convention centre was first situated. Its first building was constructed in 1965 to the design of the architect Erik Møller. During 1973–75, Bella Center was moved to its current location on Amager between the city centre and Copenhagen airport, while the original building was converted into a sports center under the name Grøndals Centret. At this stage, Bella Center's new premises were located in an undeveloped area outside the city on the former Amager Commons.
With the development of Ørestad, as decided in 1992 with construction starting from around the turn of the millennium, Bella Center's surroundings are in the process of changing into a dense urban area. When the M1 line of the Copenhagen Metro opened in 2004, it was with a station named for the Bella Center located next to it.
Major events
2009: United Nations Climate Change Conference 2009
2009: 13th Olympic Congress
2009: 121st International Olympic Committee Session
2009: 33rd Ordinary UEFA Congress
2006: MTV Europe Music Awards 2006
2002: European Council
1995: The World Summit for Social Development
1993: European Council
Facilities
Bella Center's facilities include:
Congress Hall that can be divided into three individual sections (up to 4,200 persons)
4 auditoriums with capacities from 310-930 persons
63 flexible meeting rooms (from 2-400 persons)
Center Hall for banquets, parties, welcoming area, etc.
Various halls that can be used as congress and exhibition halls
Shopping centre with a grocer's shop and florist
Bella Sky Hotel
The 814-room Bella Sky Hotel at Bella Center is now opened. Designed by Danish 3XN Architects, the hotel consists of two inclined towers, standing 76.5 m tall with an inclination in opposite directions of 15°.
The four-star Bella Hotel provides 814 rooms (100 suites), 32 conference rooms, 3 restaurants, a sky bar and a wellness centre. The foundation stone to Bella Hotel was laid 17 September 2008, and the first phase was completed in spring 2011.
Events
Bella Center hosts a large variety of trade fairs, exhibitions, conventions and political summits. Every year, it generally hosts 25-30 large exhibitions as well as around 1,300 meetings of varying sizes.
Transport
Bella Center station on the M1 line of the Copenhagen Metro is located next to Bella Center.
The regional Oresundtrains from Copenhagen and Malmö stop at Ørestad station nearby the Bella Center. From here it is possible to change to the Metro M1 line to go one stop to reach the Bella Center metro station. The Oresundtrains also stop at Copenhagen Airport, 5 min. from Ørestad station.
Cultural references
Bella Center is used as a location at 0:22:17 in the 1977 Olsen-banden film The Olsen Gang Outta Sight.
References
External links
Convention centres in Denmark
Hotels in Copenhagen
Buildings and structures in Copenhagen
The Khanzad Hotel & Resort is a luxurious hotel located on a hill in the remote suburb of Khanzad 15 kilometers northeast of Arbil, the capital of the Kurdistan Region in Iraq.
See also
Erbil International Hotel
Arbil
Iraqi Kurdistan
Arbil International Airport
References
Hotels in Iraq
Hotels established in 2004
Hotel buildings completed in 2004
In retailing, same as cash is a term used by retailers to offer things which you can buy without paying any interest, usually within 30, 60, or 90 days, and occasionally six months. It is a deferred payment on purchases. If the payment becomes overdue interest would be charged from day one at the pre specified interest rate.
This kind of finance is usually offered by furniture, consumer electronics and car retailers.
Others similar terms used are interest free purchasing.
See also
Payday loan
Hire purchase
Vendor finance
References
Loans
Payment methods in retailing
Retail pricing
Furculești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Furculești, Moșteni, Spătărei and Voievoda.
Natives
Gheorghe Băgulescu (1886–1963), brigadier general in World War II
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Bernard Combes (born 13 March 1960) is a French politician.  They are mayor of Tulle and general councillor of Roche-Canillac Canton. In the 2017 French legislative election, they were the socialist candidate for Corrèze's 1st constituency, losing to En Marche's Christophe Jerretie in the second round.
References
Living people
1960 births
21st-century French politicians
People from Tulle
Mayors of places in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Socialist Party (France) politicians
French general councillors
Do Zia (, also Romanized as Do Zīā and Dow Zīā; also known as Dowzpā) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Imma metachlora is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Brazil.
The wingspan is about 27 mm. The forewings are brown irregularly irrorated (sprinkled) with pale grey, and with very dark brown markings. There is an irregular transverse spot on the middle of the costa, the costal edge beyond this ochreous white for a short distance. Two small spots are transversely placed in the disc at three-fifths, between which is an X-shaped pale suffusion. A short contorted linear mark is found beneath the middle of the disc and there is an irregular subterminal fascia from beneath the apex to the tornus and a terminal series of small subconfluent spots. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of South America
The French brig Amarante (equally Amaranthe), was launched in 1793 at Honfleur for the French Navy. The British Royal Navy captured them at the end of 1796 and took them into service as HMS Amaranthe. They captured one French vessel in a single-ship action before they were wrecked near Cape Canaveral, Florida, in 1799.
French service and capture
Amarante was the name ship of a two-vessel class of 12-gun brigs built to a design by Pierre-Alexandre-Laurent Forfait. They were also the first vessel that Joseph-Augustin Normand built at Honfleur for the French Navy.
Between February 1794 and December, they were under the command of enseigne de vaisseau Jacques-Philippe Delamare and escorted convoys from to Le Havre to Brest. Between February 1795 and May, they escorted convoys between Saint-Malo and Dieppe, and performed fisheries protection duties for the Dieppoise fishermen. They then protected the herring fisheries in the Channel.
Delamare was suspended in 1798 as a terrorist by order of the representative of the people Boissier. They were reinstated some months later and sent to Brest. A decree of the Public Safety Committee, dated 22 September, confirmed them in command of Amarante.
On 1 March 1797 Amarante was at La Hogue roads undergoing repairs.
captured Amarante off Alderney on 31 December 1796. The letter in the London Gazette describes them as a brig of twelve 6-pounder guns, and nine men. They were sailing from Le Havre to Brest. They had no casualties.
British service
Amarante arrived at Portsmouth on 2 January 1797. In August 1797 the Royal Navy commissioned them as Amaranthe under Commander Francis Vesey, and they then underwent fitting until February 1798.
Vesey sailed them for Jamaica in July 1798. However, on 29 August, they and recaptured the British East India Company "extra ship" Britannia, Stewart, master. Britannia had been sailing from Bengal to London when the French privateer Huron captured them
In November, and Amaranthe captured the French 4-gun privateer Petite Française.
On 13 April 1799 Amaranthe captured the French letter of marque schooner Vengeur after a long chase and sharp fight. Vengeur had only six 4-pounder guns, half Anmaranthes armament, but resisted fiercely for an hour and eight minutes. French casualties were 14 killed and 5 wounded (one of whom died later and another of whom was expected to die), out of 36 crew and passengers on board; British casualties were one man killed and four wounded. Vengeur had been carrying a cargo of flour from Santiago de Cuba to Jérémie, Haiti. They had been a privateer on their previous cruise, and Vesey described them as a "very fine Copper-bottomed Schooner, capable of mounting Ten Carriage Guns, nearly new, and fails uncommonly fast".
Vesey received promotion to post captain on 16 September. Commander George Blake then replaced Vesey as captain of Amaranthe.
Fate
On 25 October 1799 Amaranthe was cruising off the coast of Florida. That evening they went aground. Efforts to free them were unavailing and the officers and crew took to the boats and rafts, with the last men having to swim for shore. Twenty-two men drowned. Morning revealed that the survivors had landed some leagues north of Cape Canaveral. The survivors had to walk for 13 days along the shoreline until they reached the Spanish settlement at Fort Matanzas on 8 November, where they were declared prisoners of war. The next day the Spaniards delivered the British to St Augustine. From there they traveled to Charleston, and on to Jamaica. The court martial took place on on 30 December 1799 at Port Royal Harbour, Jamaica. The court martial acquitted Blake, their officers and crew of the loss of Amaranthe. However, the board found Blake blameable for having sailed west after dark at too high a speed and for failing to take frequent soundings with the lead. The board also ordered seaman Daniel Day to spend a month in jail for having prevaricated in their evidence and having wasted its time.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Fonds Marine. Campagnes (opérations; divisions et stations navales; missions diverses). Inventaire de la sous-série Marine BB4. Tome premier: BB1 à 209 (1780-1804)
1793 ships
Ships built in France
Brigs of the French Navy
Captured ships
Brigs of the Royal Navy
Maritime incidents in 1799
Shipwrecks of the Florida coast
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Bizarre Happenings Eyewitnessed over Two Decades (T: 二十年目睹之怪現狀, S: 二十年目睹之怪现状, P: Èrshí Nián Mùdǔzhī Guài Xiànzhuàng, W: Erh-shih nien mu-tu-chih kuai hsien-chuang, also translated as: "Strange Events Witnessed in the Past Twenty Years", "The Strange State of the World Witnessed Over 20 Years", "Reports on Strange Things for the Past Twenty Years", and "Wu Jianren's Strange Events Eyewitnessed over the Last Two Decades") is a novel by Wu Jianren (also known as Wu Wo-yao). The novel was serialized in Xin Xiaoshuo (T: 新小說, S: 新小说, P: Xīn Xiǎoshuō; W: Hsin Hsiao-shuo; "New Fiction"), a magazine by Liang Qichao. In 1909 the novel was completed and published in book form.
The essay "Typology of Plot Structures in Late Qing Novels" by Milena Doleželová-Velingerová, published in the book The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, discusses the novel's plot structure. The novel uses a lot of anecdotes.
The Chinese University Press published an abridged English translation, titled "Bizarre Happenings Eyewitnessed over Two Decades", in 1975.
References
Des Forges, Alexander. "Anxiety, brand names, and wild chickens." In: Rojas, Carlos and Eileen Chow (editors). Rethinking Chinese Popular Culture: Cannibalizations of the Canon. Routledge, December 8, 2008. , 9780203886649.
Idema, W. L. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). T'oung Pao, ISSN 0082-5433, January 1982, Volume 68, Issue 4/5, pp. 352 – 355
Wu, Jianren. "二十年目睹之怪现状: Bizarre Happenings Eyewitnessed over Two Decades." Chinese University Press, January 1, 1975. , 9780870751257.
Notes
1909 novels
20th-century Chinese novels
Novels first published in serial form
Novels set in Shanghai
Novels set in Nanjing
Novels by Wu Jianren
Aliabad-e Abu ol Qasem Khani (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Abū ol Qāsem Khānī; also known as ‘Alīābād-e Mīrzā Abū ol Qāsemī, ‘Aliābād, ‘Alīābād-e Kaleh ‘Omar, ‘Alīābād-e Kalleh ‘Omar, ‘Alīābād-e Mīrzā Abolqāsem Khānī, ‘Alīābād-e Qarā'ī, and Qarā'ī and Abū ol Qāsem Khānī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,238, in 313 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
The Apostolic Nunciature to Myanmar is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Myanmar. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Thailand.
Pope John Paul II established the Holy See's Delegation to Myanmar on 13 September 1990. It became a nunciature and the first nuncio was appointed on 12 August 2017.
List of papal representatives to Myanmar
Apostolic Delegates
Alberto Tricarico (22 December 1990 – 26 July 1993)
Luigi Bressan (26 July 1993 - 25 March 1999)
Adriano Bernardini (24 July 1999 - 26 April 2003)
Salvatore Pennacchio (20 September 2003 - 8 May 2010)
Giovanni d'Aniello (22 September 2010 - 10 February 2012)
Paul Tschang In-Nam (4 August 2012 – 12 August 2017)
Apostolic Nuncios
Paul Tschang In-Nam (12 August 2017 – 16 July 2022)
References
Myanmar
Holy See–Myanmar relations
Paula Ann Franzese is an American legal scholar based in New Jersey who focuses on government ethics and property law.  They are the Peter W. Rodino Professor of Law at the Seton Hall University School of Law. Franzese is an educator who has been named one of the 26 best law teachers in the United States.  They are also a prominent advocate for government ethics reform, a spokesperson for legal education, a housing advocate, and an author.
Early career
Franzese graduated summa cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa, with a Bachelor's degree from Barnard College, Columbia University. Franzese received a Juris Doctor degree from Columbia Law School and won several academic prizes, including the Rosenman Prize for excellence in public law courses. Franzese became a professor of law at Seton Hall Law School in 1986, and they later became the Peter W. Rodino Professor of Law at Seton Hall.
Scholarship
Franzese's scholarship focuses on two main areas of the law: government ethics and property law. Them research into property law includes landlord-tenant reform, common interest communities including homeowners' boards, and affordable housing, including a legal analysis of the Mount Laurel doctrine. In addition to their scholarship, Franzese wrote two general-purpose guidebooks for students, including A Short & Happy Guide To Being A College Student and A Short & Happy Guide To Being A Law Student. Franzese has advocated for a right to counsel for low-income tenants facing eviction and moderated fair housing programs.
Franzese has written about the law as an instrument for social justice in the New Jersey Law Journal, has received national attention for their scholarship on the struggles of indigent tenants, and has been the recipient of numerous honors and awards, including the 2017 Justice Marie Garibaldi Award for Distinguished Service and Excellence. Them research and recommendations have been used by legislatures to formulate key ethics reform legislation.
Teaching
Franzese was featured as one of the 26 best law teachers in the nation in the book What the Best Law Teachers Do. They also lectured for ten years at BarBri, a bar-exam preparation firm, serving as its national lecturer on property law. Franzese urges that law professors emphasize a "conceptual, contextual and empathetic understanding". Franzese encourages law students to have empathy with others as a way of better understanding the law and becoming more effective lawyers. They have written on the benefits of a J.D. degree and reasons to go to law school.
Ethics and reform advocacy
Franzese is an advocate of ethics reform. In 2014 and again in 2016, Franzese criticized the administration of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, stating that officials in the administration conflated their official duties with campaign efforts.
Publications
Law Review articles
Promises Still to Keep: The Fair Housing Act Fifty Years Later, 40 Cardozo Law Review (2019)
A Place to Call Home: Tenant Blacklisting and the Denial of Opportunity, 45 Fordham Urban Law Journal 661(2018)
The Implied Warranty of Habitability Lives: Making Real the Promise of Landlord Tenant Reform, 68 Rutgers Law Review 1 (2017)
The Power of Empathy in the Classroom, 47 Seton Hall Law Review 1 (2017)
Empathic Teaching, Empathic Learning, 21 The Law Teacher 54 (2014)
Law Teaching for the Conceptual Age, 44 Seton Hall Law Review 1 (2014)
New Jersey Common Interest Communities: Predictors of Distress and an Agenda for Reform, 63 Rutgers Law Review 101 (2011)
Reclaiming the Promise of the Judicial Branch: Toward a More Meaningful Standard of Judicial Review as Applied to New York Eminent Domain Law, 38 Fordham Urban Law Journal 1091 (2011)
The Twin Rivers Case: Of Homeowners Associations, Free Speech Rights and Privatized Mini-Governments, 5 Rutgers Journal of Law & Public Policy 4 (2008)
Trust and Community: The Common Interest Community as Metaphor and Paradox, 72 Univ. of Missouri Law Review 1110 (2007)
Privatization and Its Discontents: Common Interest Communities and the Rise of Government for the "Nice.", 37 The Urban Lawyer 335 (2005)
Restoring the Public Trust: An Agenda for Ethics Reform of State Government and a Proposed Model for New Jersey, 57 Rutgers Law Review 1175 (2005)
Solutions to the Crisis in Affordable Housing: A Proposed Model for New York City, 3 Rutgers Journal of Law & Urban Policy 84 (2005)
Audiotape and CD course on property law, Thomson, 2003.
Books and book chapters
Housing and Hope: Private Property and Catholic Social Teachings, appearing in Christianity and Private Law (2019)
Learning Core Commercial Law Concepts: Course Materials (West, 2018)
A Short & Happy Guide to Sales (West, 2018)
Street Smarts for Women Lawyers, NYC Bar Press (2016) (Contributing Author)
Experiencing Property (West, 2015)
A Short & Happy Guide To Being A Law Student.
A Short & Happy Guide To Being A College Student
Strategies and Techniques of Law School Teaching: Property (Aspen Publishing, 2012)
A Short & Happy Guide To Property (Thompson, 2011)
Property Law and the Public Interest, Third Edition (Lexis, 2007)
Reaction and Reform in New Jersey, Ethics Reform Recommendations for The Executive Branch of New Jersey Government (Hall Institute, 2007) (with Justice Daniel J. O'Hern)
The Affective Assistance of Counsel: Practicing Law As a Healing Profession (Carolina Academic Press, 2006)
Residential Privilege: The Advent of the Guarded Subdivision, appearing in America's Second Gilded Age? Perspectives on Law and Class Differences (NYU Press, 2005)
The Law According to Skyboxes (2005) (Contributor)
Legends of the Law on Property, Thomson (2003)
Strategies and Techniques for Teaching Property, Aspen publishers.
Legend of the Law, Gilbert series, in property law, Harcourt Brace, 1996.
References
External links
Seton Hall Law School page
Franzese on Twitter
Living people
American legal scholars
Legal educators
Barnard College alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
American people of Italian descent
Seton Hall University School of Law faculty
Scholars of property law
People associated with Cahill Gordon & Reindel
Year of birth missing (living people)
International Maritime Institute (also known as IMI) is a private marine engineering college in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India. It was founded in 1991.
History
IMI was established in 1991.
Courses
Pre Sea Courses
Diploma in Nautical Sciences
B Tech in Marine Engineering
Graduate from Marine Engineering
IMU-CET Preparatory Course (for Class 12th PCM Students)
Electro technical officer (ETO)
Post Sea Courses
2nd MATE Function Courses
ROSC
ARPA
RANSCO
STSDSD
TOTA
Refresher PST
Refresher FPFF
Augmentation of FPFF
Basic Training for Oil and Chemical Tanker Cargo Operations (BTOCTCO)
Other courses
STCW Course
Value Added Courses
References
External links
Official Website
Maritime colleges in India
Universities and colleges in Noida
Educational institutions established in 1991
1991 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Sasha P (born Anthonia Yetunde Alabi on 21 May 1983), also known as the "First Lady of Nigerian Hip Hop", is a Nigerian rapper, musician, business person, lawyer, and motivational speaker.
Early life and education
The last of eight children, they were raised by their single mother, an educator, whom they fondly called Sisi Fadekemi, after their father died.
They began their musical career as a child in Ibadan.
They attended the International School Ibadan and the University of Lagos earning a bachelor's degree in Law.
Music career
Sasha P gained success at a time when there were very few Nigerian women in Hip Hop music. Subsequently, their success helped pave the way for other female rappers and musicians in Nigerian hip hop. They began musical collaborations and was signed on to eLDee's Trybe records. Sasha P has remained one of the most prominent female artists in Nigeria since 2001, especially after the successful release of their debut album First Lady under their record label STORM. They have been nominated for various awards in Nigeria and abroad.
They won the 2009 "Best Female Artist" award in the UK at the Women in Entertainment Awards for their first single titled "Adara". They were also nominated in dual categories (Best Female Video and Best Cinematography) by the SoundCity Video Music Awards for their second single Only One in 2009.
They were the first ever Nigerian female artist to perform at the 20th anniversary of the World Music Awards in October 2008. They were also the first Nigerian female artiste to win the Best Female Award at MTV Africa Music Awards (MAMA). Besides Adara, They released Gidi Babe on their birthday in 2009. They released a single in 2012 titled Bad Girl P.
In 2013, Sasha P revealed that they were taking a break from the music scene to focus on their fashion business.
Endorsements
Sasha P was endorsed as a brand ambassador for Etisalat.  They are also a cultural ambassador for their home state, Ekiti.
Fashion business
Sasha P pursued fashion as a bespoke designer in 2004. They created Nigerian high street fashion in December 2011 at L'Espace. In August 2012 they launched their own clothing label, Eclectic by Sasha, designed by herself.
Humanitarian work
In regard to community service, Sasha P said, "I believe as an individual, I have a social responsibility to make a difference any way I can", and this they have done consistently over the years. They were part of the "Save a street child" campaign in Lagos (January 2009) and the "Maternal Mortality" project (May 2009) which aims to educate and help cater to the needs of young mothers who seek adequate medical care.  They are also a motivational speaker and has worked with a campaign to end violence against women.
In 2012, Sasha P was the Olympic torch bearer for Nigeria.
Discography
First Lady (2006)
Gidi Babe (2009)
Singles
Oya (2002)
Work it (2002)
Emi Le Gan (2003)
Adara (2008)
Only One (2009)
Bad Girl P (2012)
Falling in Love (2014)
Awards and nominations
Amen Awards
!Ref
|-
|2004
|Sasha for "Emi Le Gan"
|Best Upcoming Artiste
|
|
Women in Entertainment Video Awards
!Ref
|-
|2009
|Sasha for "Adara"
|Best Female Artiste
|
|rowspan=2|
Channel O Music Video Awards
!Ref
|-
|2009
|"Only One'
|Best Female Video
|
|
Kora Awards
!Ref
|-
|2010
|Herself
|Best Hip Hop Act in Africa
|
|
MTV Africa Music Awards
!Ref
|-
|2010
|Herself
|Best Female Artiste
|
|
Sound City Music Video Awards
!Ref
|-
|rowspan=2|2009
|rowspan=2|"Only One"
|Best Female Video
|
|rowspan=2|
|-
|Best Cinematography
|
References
External links
Nigerian women rappers
1983 births
University of Lagos alumni
Musicians from Ibadan
International School, Ibadan alumni
Nigerian fashion businesspeople
21st-century Nigerian women singers
21st-century Nigerian business persons
Living people
English-language singers from Nigeria
Businesspeople from Ibadan
Women hip hop musicians
Nigerian women lawyers
Nigerian motivational speakers
Musicians from Lagos
Nigerian women fashion designers
Charu Nivedita (born 18 December 1953) is a postmodern, transgressive Tamil writer, based in Chennai, India. Their novel Zero Degree was longlisted for the 2013 edition of Jan Michalski Prize for Literature. Zero Degree was inducted into the prestigious '50 Writers, 50 Books - The Best of Indian Fiction', published by HarperCollins. Vahni Capildeo places Charu Nivedita on par with Vladimir Nabokov, James Joyce and Jean Genet, in their article in the Caribbean Review of Books. They were selected as one among 'Top Ten Indians of the Decade 2001 - 2010' by The Economic Times.  They are inspired by Marquis de Sade and Andal. Their columns appear in magazines such as Art Review Asia, The Asian Age and Deccan Chronicle.
Bibliography
Works available in English
Zero Degree (Novel)
Marginal Man (Novel)
To Byzantium: A Turkey Travelogue
Unfaithfully Yours (Collection of articles)
Morgue Keeper (Selected short stories)
Towards a Third Cinema (Articles on Latin American Cinema)
Novels
Existentialism and Fancy Baniyan - Tamil / Malayalam
Zero Degree - Tamil / English / Malayalam
Rasa leela
Kaamarooba Kathaigal
Thegam
Marginal Man (Tamil title was named 'Exile') - Tamil / English
Short stories
Carnataka Murasum Naveena Tamil Ilakiyathin Meethana Oru Amaipiyal Aayvum - Collection of short stories, published along with Nagaarchunan and Sylvia aka M.D.Muthukumarasamy
Nano
Madumitha Sonna Pambu Kathaigal
Shakespeare-in Minnanjal Mugavari (Shakespeare's e-mail address)
Kadal Kanni - Translated short stories from world Literature
Oorin miga azhagaana Pen – Translated short stories from world Literature
Muthukkal Pathu - Selected short stories
Morgue Keeper - Selected short stories in English in Kindle
Diabolically Yours in Exotic Gothic Volume 5
Collection of articles
Konal Pakkangal - Part 1
Konal Pakkankal - Part 2
Konal Pakkangal - Part 3
Dhisai Ariyum Paravaigal
Moodupani Saalai
Varambu Meeriya Pradhigal
Thappu Thalangal
Kalagam Kaadhal Isai
Dante-yin Siruththai
Yenakku Kuzhandhaigalai Pidikadhu
Kadavulum Nanum
Kalaiyum Kaamamum
Kadavulum Saithaanum
Sarasam Sallabam Saamiyar
Vaazhvadhu eppadi
Ketta vaarththai
Malawi endroru Desam
Azaadhi Azaadhi Azaadhi
Adhigaaram Amaidhi Sudhanthiram
Kanavugalin mozhipeyarppaalan
Manamkoththi paravai
Enge Un Kadavul?
Kadaisip Pakkangal
Vetrulagavaasiyin Diarykkuripugal
Pazhuppu Nirap Pakkangal - Part 1
Pazhuppu Nirap Pakkangal - Part 2
Pazhuppu Nirap Pakkangal - Part 3
Nadodiyin Natkuripugal
Medusavin Mathukoppai
Kanavu Cappucino Konjam Chatting - 1
Kanavu Cappucino Konjam Chatting - 2
Kanavugalin Mozhipayarpalan
Itchaigalin Irulveli
To Byzantium - A Turkey Travelogue (Tamil title was named 'Nilavu Theyatha Thesam) - Tamil/English
Unfaithfully Yours - Collection of articles
Mazhaiya Peigirathu
Play
Rendaam aattam
Cinema review
Latin American Cinema
Cinema: Alainthuthiribavanin Azhagiyal
Theeraakaadhali
Cinema Cinema
Naragaththilirundhu oru kural
Kanavugalin Nadanam
Towards a Third Cinema
Oliyin Perunchalanam
Collection of interviews
Ozhunginmaiyin Veriyaattam
Ichchaigalin Irulveli (Second edition of the erstwhile Paaliyal - Oru Urayaadal that comes with the new title)
Question and Answers
Arugil Varaadhey
Aram Porul Inbam
Awards and accolades
Zero Degree was inducted into the prestigious '50 Writers, 50 Books - The Best of Indian Fiction', edited by Chandra Siddan and Pradeep Sebastian, published by HarperCollins.
They were selected as one among 'Top Ten Indians of the Decade 2001 - 2010' by The Economic Times.
Zero Degree was long-listed for the 2013 edition of Jan Michalski Prize.
Zero Degree was selected as one of the fifteen incredible Indian novels.
The Hindu included them in its list of 'Manathil Pathintha Mugangal 25' (Twenty Five Eminent Personalities of Tamil Nadu) in its Diwali Malar 2014.
Literary contemporaries on Charu Nivedita
Vahni Capildeo places Charu Nivedita on par with Vladimir Nabokov, James Joyce and Jean Genet, in their article in the Caribbean Review of Books.
In their foreword to the Malayalam translation of Zero Degree, Paul Zacharia wrote, "It is like an open experimental laboratory. Amidst the smoke, noxious vapors, and beautiful imagery, I experienced a wondrous journey."
Tarun Tejpal wrote that Zero Degree is remarkable for its experimental voice and its varying and shifting tonalities.
Anil Menon considers Zero Degree bold and ambitious.
Translator Jason Grunebaum considers Zero Degree "wildly exciting".
Public events
Literary festivals
Charu Nivedita was one of the invitees for the 2010 and 2011 editions of Almost Island Dialogues, New Delhi.
They were one of the invitees for the Hay Festival 2010, Thiruvananthapuram.
Hay Festival 2011, Thiruvananthapuram was inaugurated at the British Deputy High Commission, Chennai by Mike Nithavrianakis, the then Deputy High Commissioner, followed by a reading of an excerpt from Charu Nivedita's works.
They were one of the invitees for the 2012 edition of Jaipur Literary Festival.
They were felicitated at the Twenty Sixth Anniversary Celebration of Katha, a monthly literary magazine of Sambad (an Odia daily) at Bhubaneswar on 10 February 2013.
They were one of the invitees for the Brahmaputra Literary Festival 2017.
They were one of the panelists in Kerala Literature Festival 2017.
They were one of the speakers the Manipal International Literature and Arts Platform 2018
Film festivals
Charu Nivedita was invited as the Guest of Honour on 10 March 2002 at the National Folklore Support Centre Folk Festival, Chennai.
They inaugurated the Third SIO Samvedana Vedhi International Film Festival, 2010, organised by the Students Islamic Organisation of India wing of the University of Calicut.
They inaugurated the International Film Festival of Tamil Nadu 2010, Chennai, organised by the International Tamil Film Academy and Seventh Channel Communications.
They inaugurated the Fourth Panchajanyam International Film Festival 2011 at Chittur, Kerala.
They inaugurated the valedictory session of the Third International Film Festival 2011, Kochi, which was jointly organised by the Kerala State Chalachitra Academy, Heart Light Association and the Ernakulam District Information Office.
At the 2013 Chennai Rainbow Film Festival(LGBT Film Festival), presented by Alliance Française de Madras, they participated in the 'Panel Discussion on Media Portrayal of LGBT issues.'
Lectures and meets
Charu Nivedita delivered the 2009 Paul Chirakkarode Memorial Lecture at Kottayam.
They were invited to speak at the valedictory function of ‘Thattakaperuma,' a series of programmes to observe the second death anniversary of Kovilan, Malayalam writer at Thrissur on 3 June 2012.
They delivered the commemoration speech at the 'Bob Marley Cultural Fest' on 11 May 2010 at Kochi.
They were one of the panelists at the Outlook Speak Out debate 2010, Chennai on the subject 'Moral Policing in a Democracy'.
Social activism
They were invited as the chief guest of Sambavas' annual celebrations (a Dalit caste) at Chalakudy in Kerala on 11 May 2008.
They inaugurated a meeting and spoke among the adivasis protesting against wanton clay mining at Velichikala, near Kollam.
They addressed a gathering of Plachimada villagers who were on a relay hunger strike against Coca-Cola's wanton over-drawing of groundwater and polluting water bodies.
They marched with villagers protesting against Coca-Cola and Pepsi's wanton overdrawing of groundwater at Kanjikode, near Palakkad on 29 August 2008.
They inaugurated a symposium on Mullaiperiyar Dam issue organized by 'Uyiru', a joint cultural forum of Tamil and Malayalam writers and social activists on 7 July 2012 at Kottayam.
'Zero Degree' in Academics
Zero Degree was on the curriculum in Spring 2010 in a Comparative World Literature course, taught by Jordan Smith, at California State University, Long Beach (CSULB).
University of Rochester has included Zero Degree in its translation program.
The Malayalam translation of Zero Degree is in the curriculum for postgraduate students at the Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam.
Quotations
"I convert my schizoid (state) into an art."
"There is nothing like planning in my literature, at any point of time. It's something which gets written between the schizoid state and dreams. Hence, with this same reason, I cannot comment on my writing. Like how I don't accept the roles of a father, a son, a lover, a friend – I despise the role of a writer too. My writing is nothing but the brush strokes of a person trying to escape from hell."
"Hatred is a disease."
See also
List of Indian writers
References
External links
An excerpt from Zero Degree
Morgue Keeper Short Story
1953 births
Living people
Tamil-language writers
Writers from Chennai
Indian postmodern writers
Metafiction
Surrealist dramatists and playwrights
Indian surrealist writers
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
Dramatists and playwrights from Tamil Nadu
Novelists from Tamil Nadu
People from Nagapattinam district
S. Petersen's Field Guide to Creatures of the Dreamlands is a supplement published by Chaosium in 1989 for the horror role-playing game Call of Cthulhu. It features creatures from the world of H.P. Lovecraft's Dream cycle stories.
Contents
S. Petersen's Field Guide to Creatures of the Dreamlands is a 64-page perfect-bound softcover book written by Sandy Petersen, with illustrations by Michael J. Ferrari.
The book is a bestiary of creatures that inhabit the Dreamlands, the alternate reality featured in stories of H.P. Lovecraft such as The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath, Celephaïs, and The Cats of Ulthar.
Each entry features a full color print of each creature facing a description of the creature, a Lovecraft quote, a general outline, and three sub-entries consisting of habitat, distribution, and life and habits.
Reception
In the November 1989 edition of Games International (Issue 10), Mike Jarvis was ambivalent about this product. They admired the colour illustrations, which they called "quite beyond belief, with creatures ranging from the delicate and profoundly beautiful to the stark alien horror more usually associated with H. P. Lovecraft's writing [...] they are truly something special." However, Jarvis questioned the utility of this book, saying "this is of very little use in a Call of Cthulhu campaign." They concluded by giving the book an average rating of 3 out of 5, commenting, "While this is an excellent product with no faults whatsoever, ultimately [it is] merely a book for Lovecaft collectors and Call of Cthulhu completists."
In the March-April 1990 edition of Space Gamer/Fantasy Gamer (No. 88), a reviewer commented that "if you are really into this genre, gaming or otherwise, put this review down and go buy Dreamlands. If you only have a passing interest, you could certainly do worse."
In the June 1990 edition of Dragon (Issue 158), Jim Bambra called this book "slickly produced and beautifully illustrated... Best of all are the illustrations by Mark J. Frerrari, which are nothing short of excellent." They concluded with a strong recommendation, saying, "S. Petersen's Field Guide to Creatures of the Dreamlands is a book that anyone who likes excellent artwork should have in their collection. The full-page plates are superb. They are also useful for showing to players as their Investigators encounter these creatures."
Awards
At the 1990 Origins Awards, Creatures of the Dreamlands was named "Best Roleplaying Supplement of 1989" and "Best Graphic Presentation of a Roleplaying Game, Adventure, or Supplement of 1989 ".
See also
H.P. Lovecraft's Dreamlands
References
Call of Cthulhu (role-playing game) supplements
Origins Award winners
The siege of Skardu was a prolonged military blockade carried out by the Gilgit Scouts, Chitral Scouts and Chitral State Bodyguards, acting in coordination against Jammu and Kashmir State Forces and the Indian Army in the town of Skardu, during the First Kashmir War of 1947.
Background
Under Major W.A. Brown and Captain Matheson, the Gilgit Scouts had revolted on 31 October 1947, by unfurling the
Pakistani flag, in response to Maharaja Hari Singh's accession to India.
Siege of Skardu
In November 1947 the situation in the Astore and Skardu was precarious. The Gilgit Scouts were retreating and the Indian forces had made a considerable advance across the Burzil Pass. The ruler of Chitral, Muzaffar ul-Mulk who had recently acceded to Pakistan sent the State Bodyguard's and Chitral Scouts to assist the Gilgit Scouts. Together they relieved the Karmi and Domel sector and headed towards Skardu in large number.
When Muslims soldiers of 6 Jammu and Kashmir State Forces defected and killed Sikh soldiers, Major Sher Jung Thapa, stationed at Leh, was promoted as Lieut. Colonel and asked to proceed to Skardu for its defence. On reaching Skardu on 3 December, they realised that their position was untenable and immediately sought permission to withdraw the garrison and the civil administration to Kargil and also requested reinforcements. The request for withdrawal was turned down and they were asked "to hold to last man and last round". The Indian forces, along with the non-Muslim civil population of Skardu, withdrew into the Skardu Fort where they were besieged by volunteers from Chitral. Thus began the defence of Skardu.
Meanwhile, Srinagar, under the control of the Indian Army, assembled 3 successive Skardu relief columns, but they were not successful in reaching Skardu. With Gilgit under Pakistan's control and absence of any effective relief, including air dropping of ammunition, it was a matter of time before the end neared. On 11 February 1948, the Pakistani forces battled with the Skardu garrison of the fort. After a six-hour-long battle between the two, the attackers retreated. They came again on 14 February directing "harassing fire into the fort".
By mid-August 1948, the Skardu garrison was in beggarly shape and the Kashmir forces left the fort in small batches on 13 August 1948. On 14 August 1948, outnumbered five to one, and with the last box of the reserve ammunition used, the garrison surrendered. All the remaining men were reportedly killed by the invaders, except for Col. Thapa and their Sikh orderly, who were taken prisoner. Skardu became part of the Pakistan-controlled Kashmir, eventually renamed Gilgit-Baltistan.
References
Indo-Pakistani War of 1947–1948
History of Gilgit-Baltistan
Lawalong Wildlife Sactuary is located in the Lawalong CD block in the Chatra subdivision of the Chatra district in the state of Jharkhand, India.
History
Lawalong Wildlife Sanctuary was earlier under the control of the Raja of Ramgarh and other landlords in the area. The government took charge in 1924 and in 1947 it became a private protected forest. The ownership vested with the Government of Bihar in 1953. In earlier days, the presence of wildlife in high numbers in these forests attracted hunters from all over the country. One of the owners of this area, the Tikait of Kunda Estate used to organise “shikar” from time to time, in a big way. Subsequently, hunting was completely banned under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972. There are 64 villages in the sanctuary area and the people of these villages have certain rights and privileges, as for example grazing cattle and collecting firewood.
Geography
Location
Lawalong Wildlife Sanctuary is located around . It is spread over an area of . The sanctuary is surrounded by the Amanat River in the south, the Chako River in the west and the Lilajan River in the north-east.
Lawalong Wildlife Sanctuary is about 35 km from Chatra. The Gaya-Ranchi state highway passes near the Lawalong sanctuary on its eastern side. There is a road connecting the Gaya-Ranchi state highway and leads to Lawalong village and passes through the sanctuary area. The Hazaribagh-Simaria-Bagra Mor P.W.D. Road leads to Lawalong, where the Beat office of Lawalong Beat of Wild Life Sanctuary is situated. The buses for Lawalong and Kunda ply on these roads and halts at important places like Lutidih, Bagra Mor etc. The nearest large railway station is at Daltonganj, 50 km away.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the district. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Forests
The forests in the sanctuary are classified as Northern Tropical Dry Deciduous Forests. The forests are miscellaneous in nature and the canopy is moderately close with trees attaining good height and diameter growth. The ‘sal' tree is found all over the sanctuary.
Wildlife
The main mammalian species in the sanctuary are: Rhesus macaque (Hindi: bandar), common langur, Indian elephant, sambhar, leopard, spotted deer (Hindi: cheetal), barking deer (Hindi: kotra), sloth bear (Hindi: bhalu), jungle cat, common mongoose (Hindi:newla), and the dhole (Hindi: kola).
Birds: common pea fowl, patridges, quails, hornbills and vultures.
Stay and visits
There is a forest rest house at Lawalong, used by both the forest executives/ staff and tourists. As of 2020, the area has problems with Maoist activists.
References
Chota Nagpur dry deciduous forests
Wildlife sanctuaries in Jharkhand
Chatra district
Protected areas established in 1978
1978 establishments in Bihar
The Kingdom of Thailand has submitted films for the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film since 1984, when it became the second independent nation in Southeast Asia to join the competition, after the Philippines. The award is given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States that contains primarily non-English dialogue.
To date Thailand has submitted twenty-four films to AMPAS for Oscar consideration but thus far no Thai candidate has received an Oscar nomination. Four submissions were directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol, a member of the Thai nobility, and four were directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang.
Submissions
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has invited the film industries of various countries to submit their best film for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film since 1956. The Foreign Language Film Award Committee oversees the process and reviews all the submitted films. Following this, they vote via secret ballot to determine the five nominees for the award.
Thai Oscar submissions are selected annually by the Federation of National Film Associations of Thailand. All submissions were made in Thai.
The selection committee of the Federation of National Film Associations of Thailand generally has chosen movies that highlight key moments in Thai history or important social issues.
Thailand's five earliest submissions all dealt with contemporary social problems included Nam Poo (drug abuse), The Elephant Keeper (environmentalism and illegal logging), Song of the Chaophraya (prostitution and rural migration to Bangkok), Once Upon A Time (child poverty) and Daughter 2 (AIDS).
Four Thai submissions were fact-based period dramas - King Naresuan Part 2 was a lavish costume drama set in the sixteenth century about one of Thailand's most distinguished kings; The Overture tells the life story of one of Thailand's greatest classical musicians from the 1880s until the 1940s; The Tin Mine is about a spoiled rich kid who ends up working in the titular mine in Southern Thailand in the years following World War II; The Moonhunter followed a band of controversial, leftist rebels in the 1970s.
Three Thai submissions were fast-paced thrillers, two of which incorporated strong elements of Buddhism and karma into their plots, namely Who is Running? and Ahimsa...Stop to Run. Also submitted was 6ixtynin9, about a recently laid-off woman who finds a huge cache of stolen money.
Two submissions were romantic comedy-dramas that were box office hits domestically. Love of Siam featured a gay teen romance, and Best of Times featured two potential couples, one in their 20s and one in their 60s.
Also submitted were a bittersweet genre-bending musical-comedy-drama-romance (Monrak Transistor in 2002) and a surreal, arty drama in Japanese, English and Thai (Last Life in the Universe in 2003).
See also
Cinema of Thailand
List of Thai films
Notes
A: Also shortlisted in 2015: Back to the 90s (Yanyong Kuruangkura), The Blue Hour (Anucha Boonyawattana), F. Hilaire (Surassawadee Chueachart), Heart Attack (Nawapol Thamrongrattanarit) and Maebia (Bhandevanop Devakula). Source: https://www.voicetv.co.th/read/262266
B: Also shortlisted in 2016: The Crown (Ekachai Sriwichai), The Island Funeral (Pimpaka Towira) and Snap (Kongdej Jaturanrassamee). Source: https://jediyuth.com/2016/09/19/thailand-selects-ar-bat-karma-as-oscars-entry/
C: Also shortlisted in 2017: Bad Genius (Nattawut Poonpiriya), Pop Aye (Kirsten Tan) and Song from Phatthalung (Boonsong Nakphoo). Source: https://jediyuth.com/2017/08/30/thailand-selects-by-the-time-it-gets-dark-for-oscars-foreign-language-category
D: Also shortlisted in 2018: Die Tomorrow (Nawapol Thamrongrattanarit) and Samui Song (Pen-ek Rattanaruang). Source: https://jediyuth.com/2018/09/18/thailand-selects-malila-the-farewell-flower-for-foreign-language-category/
E: Also shortlisted in 2019: Manta Ray (Phuttiphong Aroonpheng), Nha Haan (Chantana Tiprachart), Norah (Ekachai Sriwichai) and Where We Belong (Kongdej Jaturanrassamee). Source: https://jediyuth.com/2019/09/23/thailand-selects-inhuman-kiss-for-92th-oscar-awards/
F: Also shortlisted in 2020: The Cave (Tom Waller), Dew (Matthew Chookiat Sakveerakul), Nemesis (Gunparwitt Phuvadolwisit) and Waning Moon (Arthit Ariyawongsa, Thirakaha Ariyawongsa). Source:
Notes
References
Academy Awards, List of Thailand's entries
Academy Awards, List of Thailand's entries
Thailand
Egerton Attiser Rolland Forster (born 31 October 1959) is a Sierra Leonean former boxer. They competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Sierra Leonean male boxers
Olympic boxers of Sierra Leone
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Heavyweight boxers
Sierra Leone Creole people
Abja-Paluoja is a town in Mulgi Parish, Viljandi County, in southern Estonia. Before 2017, it was the administrative centre of Abja Parish.
Abja-Paluoja was first mentioned in 1505. Abja-Paluoja gained town rights in 1993 and became a sovereign municipality but in 1998 it was merged into surrounding rural municipality Abja Parish.
Since 1940, the Abja Gymnasium has offered secondary education. The kindergarten in Abja-Paluoja was founded in 1912.
Writer, journalist and cartoonist Karl August Hindrey was born at Abja Manor in 1875. Historian Mati Laur was born in Abja-Paluoja in 1955. Filmmaker, producer, screenwriter, journalist, and historian Riho Västrik was born in Abja-Paluoja in 1965.
Gallery
References
External links
Abja Gymnasium
Cities and towns in Estonia
Former municipalities of Estonia
1993 establishments in Estonia
Kreis Pernau
Danyluk is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrea Danyluk (1963-2022), American computer scientist and computer science educator
Ray Danyluk (born 1952 or 1953), Canadian politician
Terry Danyluk (born 1960), Canadian volleyball player
See also
Ukrainian-language surnames
James Buchanan High School is a small, rural public high school. The school is located in Mercersburg, Pennsylvania and is part of the Tuscarora School District. James Buchanan High School was named after the 15th president of the United States, James Buchanan. In 2013, enrollment was reported as 785 pupils in 9th through 12th grades. The school employed 48 teachers.
Extracurriculars
Tuscarora School District offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive sports program.
Sports
The district funds:
Boys
Baseball - AAA
Basketball- AAA
Cross-country - AA
Football - AAA
Golf - AAA
Soccer - AA
Swimming and diving - AA
Tennis - AA
Track and field - AAA
Wrestling - AAA
Girls
Basketball - AAA
Cross-country - AA
Golf - AAA
Soccer - AA
Softball - AAA
Swimming and diving - AA
Tennis - AA
Track and field - AA
Volleyball -AA
According to PIAA directory July 2013
References
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Schools in Franklin County, Pennsylvania
James Buchanan
Urduja was a legendary warrior princess recorded in the travel accounts of Ibn Battuta (1304 – possibly 1368 or 1377 AD). They were described to be a princess of Kaylukari in the land of Tawalisi. Though the locations of Kaylukari and Tawalisi are disputed, in the Philippines Urduja is widely believed to be from Pangasinan, and has since been regarded as a national hero.
Ibn Battuta
Ibn Battuta described Urduja as the ruler of Kaylukari in the land of Tawalisi and leader of the Kinalakian. After reaching the Samudra-Pasai Sultanate in what is now Sumatra, Indonesia, Ibn Battuta passed by Tawalisi on their way to China. Princess Urduja was described as a daughter of a ruler named Tawalisi of a land that was also called Tawalisi. The ruler of Tawalisi, according to Ibn Battuta, possessed many ships and was a rival of China, which was then ruled by a Mongol dynasty. Ibn Battuta sailed for 17 days to reach China from the land of Tawalisi.
Ibn Battuta made a pilgrimage to Mecca and they traveled to many other parts of the Islamic world. From India and Sumatra, Ibn Battuta reached the land of Tawalisi. Ibn Battuta described Urduja as a warrior princess whose army was composed of men and women. Urduja was a woman warrior who personally took part in the fighting and engaged in duels with other warriors. They were quoted as saying that they will marry no one but them who defeats them in duel. Other warriors avoided fighting them for fear of being disgraced.
Urduja impressed Ibn Battuta with their military exploits and their ambition to lead an expedition to India, known to them as the "Pepper Country." They also showed their hospitality by preparing a banquet for Ibn Battuta and the crew of their ship. Urduja generously provided Ibn Battuta with gifts that included robes, rice, two buffaloes, and four large jars of ginger, pepper, lemons, and mangoes, all salted, in preparation for Ibn Battuta's sea-voyage to China.
Appearance
Urduja is often described as a tall and beautiful lady having golden bronze skin, straight shiny luscious dark hair, and deep, dark-colored eyes. Clad in gold and is adept in sword fighting and horseback riding. Leader of the Kinalakian (warrior women). They were described as a brave, smart and kind-hearted lady.  They are also believed to be multi-dialect, which was a common characteristic of the nobles in pre-colonial Southeast Asia.
Research
A long list of guesses to the location of Tawalisi have included Pangasinan, Luzon, Sulu, Celebes (Sulawesi), Java, Cambodia, Cochin-China, the mainland Chinese province of Guangdong, and practically every island in South Asia beginning with ta. It is also good to keep in mind that strong women in Southeast Asia is not uncommon and there could be multiple warrior princesses that lived during that time.
Philippine theory
In the late 19th Century, Jose Rizal, national hero of the Philippines, speculated that the land of Tawalisi was in the area of the northern part of the Philippines, based on their calculation of the time and distance of travel Ibn Battuta took to sail to China from Tawalisi. In 1916, Austin Craig, an American historian of the University of the Philippines, in "The Particulars of the Philippines Pre-Spanish Past", traced the land of Tawalisi and Princess Urduja to Pangasinan. In the province of Pangasinan, the governor's residence in Lingayen is named "Urduja House". A statue of Princess Urduja stands at the Hundred Islands National Park in Pangasinan. Philippine school textbooks used to include Princess Urduja in the list of great Filipinos.
Princess Urduja's gifts of rice, buffaloes, ginger, pepper, lemons, mangoes, and salt are products that are abundant in Pangasinan and India. The closely related Ibaloi people have an oral tradition of a woman named Udayan who ruled an ancient alliance of lowland and highland settlements in Pangasinan and the neighboring province of Benguet. Ibn Battuta also mentioned that Urduja had some knowledge of a Turkic language, which indicates contact with foreigners. Tawalisi was said to be in contact with Mongol-ruled Yuan China so the Turkic language may have been Mongolian.
Ibn Batutta's travel account suggests that they also saw elephants in the land ruled by Urduja. Elephants can still be found in Borneo, and may have been gifts or traded in Pangasinan in earlier times. Ancient Malayo-Polynesian sailing vessels (such as the Balangay), like the ones used by the ancient Bugis and those depicted in the Borobudur bas-reliefs, were capable of transporting heavy cargo, including elephants. There are depictions of such ancient ships in maritime Southeast Asia transporting several elephants for trade.
Java theory
The asupervisorstioned gifts can also be found in Java. Chinese records showed that, almost all of Asian commodities can be found in Java during the Majapahit era. This is because the Javanese merchants were travelling as far as Ghana since the 8th century. While the original name of the duchess of the said land was actually spelled in Arabic by Ibn Battuta as WHR DJ in their Rihlah which might be misread as Urduja instead of reading it as Wahre Daja (Bhre Daha) due to the lack of geographical perspective and the lack of knowledge in the Arabic script congruent to the period when it happened. Bhre Daha was a title given to Dayah Wiyat (literally means "princess vagina"), the twin sister of Bhre Kahuripan, as duchess of Daha (also known as Kediri). Both duchesses were daughters of Raden Wijaya and Gayatri. After the death of Kala Gemet both duchesses assumed power as rajah kembars (twin rulers) and both were given the title Tribhuana tungga dewi (meaning Majapahit empress). Another theory is that Urduja is actually a misspelling of Gitarja, the Bhre of Kahuripan, and also the Queen regnant of Majapahit. Tradition mentioned them as a woman of extraordinary valour, wisdom and intelligence. Javanese texts mentioned them as a brave woman, even riding into battle herself.
Java had been attacked by Mongols they called Tatars for several times, first in the last part of the 13th century A.D. (the 1293 invasion), second during the reign of Kala Gemet. and few more unrecorded invasions. Hence, it is very clear that Java at that time especially the royal court had also been linguistically influenced by the Turkic speaking Tatars. Thus, the Bhre Daha could talk in Turkic as was observed by Ibn Battuta during their visit in their court.
In popular culture
Princesa Urduja, a live-action adventure film based on the legend, was released in 1942.
Urduja, an animated feature based on the legendary princess, was released on June 18, 2008. It stars Regine Velasquez (in the lead role of Princess Urduja), Cesar Montano (as Lim Hang), Eddie Garcia (as Lakanpati), Johnny Delgado (as Wang), Epi Quizon (as Daisuke), Ruby Rodriguez (as Mayumi), Michael V. (as Kukut), Allan K. (as Tarsir) and Jay Manalo (as Simakwel) as voice actors. Joey de Leon wrote the lyrics, and the music was composed by Ogie Alcasid.
Minor planet 5749 Urduja discovered by Eleanor Helin is named in their honor. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 8 November 2019 ().
See also
Ibn Battuta
Pangasinan
Caboloan
Tawalisi
Benguet
Ibaloi
References
External links
"In Search of a Princess" from Urduja.com
Year of birth uncertain
14th-century deaths
Female duellists
Women in 14th-century warfare
Women in war in the Philippines
Filipino royalty
Princesses
People from Pangasinan
History of Pangasinan
Philippine mythology
Javanese people
14th-century women rulers
Women in war in Indonesia
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1626.
Events
February – The King's Men premiere Ben Jonson's satire on the new newsgathering enterprise The Staple of News, their first new play in almost a decade, at the Blackfriars Theatre in London.
November – The deaths of Lancelot Andrewes and Nicholas Felton, Bishop of Ely, prompt John Milton, then a student at Cambridge, to write elegies in Latin for both.
December 27 – Izaak Walton marries Rachel Floud (died 1640).
New books
Prose
Francis Bacon – The New Atlantis
Nicholas Breton – Fantastickes
Alonso de Castillo Solórzano – Jornadas alegres
Robert Fludd – Philosophia Sacra
Marie de Gournay – Les Femmes et Grief des Dames (The Ladies' Grievance)
Francisco de Quevedo – El Buscón (first published edition – unauthorized)
Drama
Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft – Baeto, oft oorsprong der Holanderen
John Fletcher and collaborators – The Fair Maid of the Inn
William Heminges – The Jews' Tragedy
Jean Mairet – La Sylvie
Philip Massinger – A New Way to Pay Old Debts
Thomas May – Cleopatra
Thomas Middleton – The Triumphs of Health and Prosperity
Tirso de Molina – La Huerta de San Juan
James Shirley – The Maid's Revenge; The Brothers
Births
January – Robert Howard, English dramatist and politician (died 1698)
February 5 – Madame de Sévigné, French letter writer (died 1696)
March 12 – John Aubrey, English antiquary and writer (died 1697)
June 3 – Philippe Goibaud-Dubois, French writer and translator (died 1703)
Unknown dates
Elizabeth Egerton, Countess of Bridgewater, English poet and dramatist (died 1663)
Alonso de Olmedo y Ormeño, Spanish actor and dramatist (died 1682)
Deaths
February – William Rowley, English dramatist (born c. 1585)
February 28 – Cyril Tourneur, English dramatist (born 1575)
September 25
Lancelot Andrewes, English scholar and bishop (born 1555)
Théophile de Viau, French poet and dramatist (born 1590)
October 19 (estimated) – Béroalde de Verville, French poet and novelist (born 1556)
December 8 – Sir John Davies, English poet (born 1569)
unknown date – Samuel Purchas, English miscellanist and travel writer (born c. 1577)
probable – Nicholas Breton, English poet and novelist (born c. 1545)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Markku Leskelä (born 1950) is a Finnish chemist and professor emeritus at University of Helsinki, known for their leading research in atomic layer deposition (ALD).
Markku Leskelä was the leader of the Finnish Centre of Excellence in ALD (2012-2017) by the University of Helsinki and VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland.
Markku Leskelä started ALD research (then called atomic layer epitaxy) in the early 1980s at Helsinki University of Technology (nowadays Aalto University) with Prof. Lauri Niinistö. In 2012, they received the ALD Innovation Prize at the international ALD conference.
References
1950 births
Living people
Finnish chemists
Academic personnel of the University of Helsinki
The 1997–98 Women's National Cricket League season was the second season of the Women's National Cricket League, the women's domestic limited overs cricket competition in Australia. The tournament started on 11 October 1997 and finished on 15 February 1998. Defending champions New South Wales Breakers won the tournament after finishing second on the ladder at the conclusion of the group stage and beating South Australian Scorpions by two games to one in the finals series.
Ladder
Fixtures
1st final
2nd final
3rd final
References
Women's National Cricket League seasons
Women's National Cricket League
"Sing for Me" is an English language song by Swedish singer Andreas Johnson that they presented in Melodifestivalen 2006 in a bid to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest
It was released in 2006, becoming the most successful of all their singles reaching #2 on Sverigetopplistan, the official Swedish Singles Chart and was certified gold. The song also appears on their album Mr. Johnson, Your Room Is On Fire. The album itself reached #4 on the Swedish Albums Chart.
Track listing
CD single
"Sing For Me (Original Version)" - 3:04
"Sing For Me (Acoustic Demo Version)" - 3:05
CD maxi
"Sing For Me (Original Version)" - 3:04
"Sing For Me (Soundfactory Radio Edit)" - 3:59
"Sing For Me (Soundfactory Futureretro Mix)" - 8:31
"Sing For Me (Soundfactory Futureretro Dub)" - 8:40
"Sing For Me (Acoustic Version)" - 3:05
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
2006 singles
Andreas Johnson songs
Melodifestivalen songs of 2006
2006 songs
Maxwell's black weaver (Ploceus albinucha) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
Range
It is sparsely distributed across the African tropical rainforest.
References
Maxwell's black weaver
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
Maxwell's black weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nachtjagdgeschwader 5 (NJG 5) was a Luftwaffe night fighter-wing of World War II. NJG 5 was formed on 30 September 1942 in Döberitz.
Operational history
On 1 October 1942, 3./NJG 1 was redesignated 1./NJG 5. In March and April 1943, General Josef Kammhuber ordered IV./NJG 5 to Rennes, France to protect the German U-boat bases. The group was relocated to the Eastern Front again and redesignated as I./Nachtjagdgeschwader 100 (I./NJG 100).
Western Front
Oberleutnant Walter Borchers was made Gruppenkommandeur of III./NJG 5 on 22 April 1943, leading the Gruppe until March 1944. On the night of 27/28 April, Wilhelm Johnen in a Messerschmitt Bf 110 G-4 performed an emergency landing at the Swiss airfield at Zürich-Dubendorf. Johnen and their crew were interned, and the Luftwaffe employed extensive political manoeuvring to ensure the Bf 110, equipped with the still secret SN-2 radar, was kept from close Allied examination and returned intact.
At the end of July 1944 I./NJG 5 was withdrawn to Stendal for re-equipment with the new Ju 88G-6 night fighter. Then deployed to Jesau near Königsberg in East Prussia, present day Yushny, Bagrationovsky District, night operations against Soviet bombers followed for the remainder of 1944. Following the opening of the Soviet offensive on 12 January 1945, I./NJG 5 operated in the ground attack role on the eastern front. By 25 January 1945 I./NJG 5 was again operating from bases in Germany, relocating to Parchim and Erfurt.
Borchers was shot down and killed on the night of 5 March 1945 by W/C Walter Gibb and F/O Kendall in a Mosquito night fighter of No. 239 Squadron. Flying Junkers Ju 88 G-6 "C9+GA" (Werknummer 622 319—factory number) their air gunner parachuted to safety while their radio operator was also killed. they were replaced by Major Rudolf Schoenert. By the war's end the bulk of NJG 5 were based at Lübeck-Blankensee.
Eastern Front
By early 1943 the Soviet Air Forces were increasing difficulties for the invading German forces. At night harassment sorties were flown with elderly biplanes. The Polikarpov Po-2, known to the Germans as the Nähmaschine (sewing machine), did little damage in night raids but had an immense nuisance value. The aircraft with their slow cruising speed made interception extremely difficult.
To counter these attacks IV./NJG 5 under Heinrich Prinz zu Sayn-Wittgenstein was moved to the Eastern Front in February 1943. The unit moved to Bryansk and Orel in June 1943 for Operation Citadel and later operated under Luftflotte 6 in the Smolensk-Bryansk area and under Luftflotte 4 in the Poltava-Stalino area.
Commanding officers
Kommodore
Major Fritz Schaffer, 30 September 1942 – 1 August 1943
Oberst Günther Radusch, 2 August 1943 – 3 February 1944
Major Egmont Prinz zur Lippe-Weißenfeld, 20 February 1944 – 12 March 1944
Oberstleutnant Walter Borchers, 15 March 1944 – 5 March 1945
Major Rudolf Schoenert, 6 March 1945 – 8 May 1945
Gruppenkommandeure
I. Gruppe/NJG 5
Hauptmann Siegfried Wandam, late September 1942 – 4 July 1943
Major Werner Hoffmann, 4 July 1943 – late April 1945
Hauptmann Lang, April 1945 – 8 May 1945
II. Gruppe/NJG 5
Hauptmann Rudolf Schoenert, 1 December 1942 – 5 August 1943
Hauptmann Manfred Meurer, 5 August 1943 – 27 September 1943
Hauptmann Baer, 28 September 1943 – 27 January 1944
Hauptmann Leopold Fellerer, February 1944 – 10 May 1944
Major Hans Leickhardt, 3 May 1944 – 6 March 1945
Hauptmann Gustav Tham, 10 March 1945 – 4 April 1945
Oberstleutnant Werner Rapp, 5 April 1945 – 8 May 1945
III. Gruppe/NJG 5
Hauptmann Walter Borchers, April 1943 – 15 March 1944
Major Paul Zorner, 16 March 1944 – 21 October 1944
Hauptmann Ulrich von Meien, 22 October 1944 – 6 February 1945
Hauptmann Walter Engel, 6 February 1945 – April 1945
Hauptmann Piuk, April 1945 – 8 May 1945
References
Citations
Bibliography
Nachtjagdgeschwader 005
Military units and formations established in 1942
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
WSJC (810 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Magee, Mississippi. The station is owned by Family Talk Radio. It airs a Religious radio format.
The station has been assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since it was initially licensed.
References
External links
WSJC official website
SJC
Talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1957
SJC
The was a treaty signed by the United States, Great Britain, France and Japan at the Washington Naval Conference on 13 December 1921. It was partly a follow-on to the Lansing-Ishii Treaty, signed between the U.S. and Japan. This was a treaty related to Treaty for the Limitation of Naval Armament that attempted to maintain peace in the Pacific. It was signed at Washington, D.C. on 13 December 1921.
By the Four-Power Treaty, all parties agreed to maintain the status quo in the Pacific, by respecting the Pacific territories of the other countries signing the agreement, not seeking further territorial expansion, and mutual consultation with each other in the event of a dispute over territorial possessions. However, the main result of the Four-Power Treaty was the termination of the Anglo-Japanese Alliance of 1902.
The powers agreed to respect each other's Pacific island dependencies for ten years.
Notes
References
Ian H. Nish, The Anglo-Japanese Alliance: The Diplomacy of Two Island Empires 1894–1907, The Athlone Press, London and Dover NH, first published 1966.
J. Chal Vinson, "The Drafting of the Four-Power Treaty of the Washington Conference," Journal of Modern History 25#1 (Mar., 1953), pp. 40–47 online.
External links
the full text of the Four-Power Treaty
Treaties of the United States
1921 in the United States
1921 in the United Kingdom
1921 in France
1921 in Japan
1921 treaties
Interwar-period treaties
Treaties concluded in 1921
Treaties of the Empire of Japan
United Kingdom–United States treaties
Rhayader was, from 1894 to 1974, a rural district in the administrative county of Radnorshire, Wales.
The district was formed by the Local Government Act 1894, based on the existing Rhayader Rural Sanitary District. The rural sanitary district had included the Brecknockshire parish of Llanwrthwl, and this was administered by Rhayader Rural District Council until 1934, when it was transferred to Builth Rural District.
The rural district comprised nine civil parishes:
Abbey Cwmhir
Cefnllys Rural
Llanbadarnfawr
Llanfihangel Helygen
Llansanffraid Cwmdeuddwr
Llanyre
Nantmel
Rhayader
St Harmon
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, which completely reorganised local administration in England and Wales. Its area became part of the District of Radnor in the new county of Powys.
References
Rural districts of Wales
History of Radnorshire
Radnorshire
Donna Lee Pence (born August 23, 1942, in Joliet, Illinois) was a Democratic Idaho State Representative representing District 25 in the B seat from 2004 to 2016. Pence was also the House Assistant Minority Leader.
Education
Pence earned their bachelor's degree in education from the University of Idaho and their master's degree in health and physical education from Idaho State University.
Elections
Donna Pence chose not to seek reelection in 2016.
2014
Pence was unopposed for the Democratic primary.
Pence defeated Don Hudson in the general election with 59.4% of the vote.
2012
Redistricted to District 26, Pence was unopposed for the Democratic primary.
Pence defeated Republican nominee Lee Barron in the general election with 58.9% of the vote.
Pence succeeded Republican Representative Maxine Bell, who was re-districted to District 25.
2010
Unopposed for the Democratic primary.
Pence defeated Alex Sutter in the general election with 54.9% of the vote .
2008
Unopposed for both the Democratic primary and the general election.
2006
Unopposed for both the Democratic primary and the general election.
2004
Pence was unopposed in Democratic primary; Ridinger was also unopposed, setting up a rematch.
Pence defeated Ridinger in the general election with 8,790 votes (51.0%).
2002
When incumbent Republican Representative and Idaho Speaker of the House Bruce Newcomb was re-districted to District 27, Pence was unopposed for the District 25 B seat in the May 28, 2002 Democratic primary.
Pence lost the general election to Republican Representative Tim Ridinger, who had been re-districted from 21B.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20160210093116/http://www.donnapence.com/
1942 births
Living people
Idaho Democrats
Idaho State University alumni
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
People from Gooding, Idaho
People from Joliet, Illinois
University of Idaho alumni
Women state legislators in Idaho
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
The Torres Atrio (English: Atrium Towers), is an architectural complex under construction in Bogotá. When complete, the South Tower will be the tallest building in Colombia at approximately 879 feet (268 m) in height. The complex is located at the intersection of Caracas Avenue and El Dorado Avenue. The complex will include two towers, the North Tower with 44 floors and the South Tower with 67. The Torres Atrio are being built on the former Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada Convention Center and an adjacent parking lot.
References
Skyscrapers in Colombia
Chirand is an archaeological site in the Saran district of Bihar, India, situated on the northern bank of the Ganga River. It has a large pre-historic mound which is known for its continuous archaeological record from the Neolithic age (about 2500–1345 BC) to the reign of the Pal dynasty who ruled during the pre-medieval period. The excavations in Chirand have revealed stratified Neolithic, Chalcolithic, and Iron Age settlements, and transitions in human habitation patterns dating from 2500 BC to 30 AD.
The river Ghaghara joins Ganga a short distance away from the village, near Revelganj. The Sone River also joins Ganga about a few kilometres away from Chirand. About to the north of the mound there is a dry river bed which is inferred as one of the meandering dry loops of the Gandaki River. Thus, there are four rivers in the vicinity of Chirand. The village has undergone erosion due to which the mound abutting the Ganga River bank is exposed, revealing brick features and potsherds. On the top of the mound there is a mosque, which was built by Sultan Abul Muzaffar Hussain Shah of Bengal in 1503 AD. This mosque reveals ruins of pilasters of Hindu temples.
Chirand is located from Chhapra, the district headquarters in the state of Bihar. The Archaeological Survey of India controls about of the area of the village.
Climate
The average annual rainfall in the area is . Much of the rainfall occurs from June to September when the monsoons tend to start. The Ganga River tends to flow beyond capacity causing flooding and deposition of alluvium in the adjoining area.
River erosion
Part of the village, including about of the mound, have been subject to submergence and river erosion caused by the Ganga river. The Nonia tola in the village was in imminent danger of getting submerged. In 2010, protection of the part of the village exposed to erosion was envisaged by way of stone pitching.
Demography
The Chirand village, as per 2011 census, has a population of 2971 comprising 520 families. The male population is 1600 while that of females is 1371. Literacy rate is 61.09 % of the village compared to 61.80 % of the state.
History
The Pal dynasty ruled the region that included Chirand during the medieval period. Ananda, a disciple of Buddha, died in Chirand. King Mayurdhwaj of the Chero dynasty ruled from Chirand. W.W. Hunter, a historian known for publishing nine volumes of The Imperial Gazetteer of India, has recorded an account of this village which they visited in 1871.
The Bihar State Directorate of Archaeology conducted excavations at the Chirand mound 1962–63 and returned for more 1970–71. The mound is in length. The Neolithic deposits uncovered a layer of thickness. The civilization includes area in India and South Asia that dates back to the Neolithic age according to archaeological finds from this village mound and four other locations in India.
Chirand Neolithic group occupied the plains, while their contemporaries inhabited the plateaus and hills. The occupational categorization in Chirand covers three periods – Period I Neolithic (2500–1345 BC), Period II Chalcolithic (1600 B.C) and Period III Iron Age. Carbon dating of the top layer of the Neolithiic period dates the layer between 1910 BC and 1600 BC. The lowest level of the finds date to 200 BC.
Economy
Neolithic people experienced an economy that included hunting, gathering, fishing and animal rearing. Paddy husk impressions in some potsherds indicate Neolithic involvement in cultivating rice and cereals such as wheat, moong, masoor, and barley. Both cultivated and wild rice was harvested during summer and again during winter. The wild forms of rice are Oryza rifipogon and Oryza perennis, from which Oryza sativa (Asian rice) originated.
Archaeological finds
The archaeological finds in Chirand are from a Neolithic deposit of thickness, a Chalcolithic layer thick and iron age formation of thickness. Copper was used during the Chalcolithic period, while iron was found in the upper strata. A cache of 88 Kushan period coins were unearthed at the site.
Animals
Analysis of antiquities related to skeletal remains revealed 12 species of domesticated and wild animals: cattle, buffaloes (Bubalisbubalis linn), sheep (Ovis aries), cheetal (Axis axis), barasinga, pig, elephant, rhinoceros, cheetal (Axis axia), dog, a carp and two types of turtles. Bones of birds and fish were also found. Faunal finds indicate that the area was forested over an undulating topography.
Pottery
25,000 potsherds excavated from Chirand are grouped according to the Period II Neolithic pottery appearing more refined than the Period I pottery, all from smoothed clay mixed with mica. Most of the pottery was hand made. Some vessels were made by turn table or dabbing. Half of the potsherds are redware and half are black and redware from different shapes and sizes of vases, bowls, and knobbed pottery.
Pot wares in varying designs in post-firing painting technique in ochre colour, generally of grey ware and few in red-ware were also found. The Chalcolithic pottery unearthed at the site are of black and redware pots and pans.
Housing
Neolithic people lived in circular wattle and daub huts made of mud and reeds with rammed floors. Earlier hut floors were built below ground level, later hut floors were built at ground level.
Hearths and oblong shaped ovens were found in a semicircular hut. The white colour of the soil around the hearth and the ovens found at the site pointed to animal meat roasted in the ovens, likely for community feeding. Rice was a staple food. Mud boundary walls of houses were traced. Burnt chunks of clay with reed or bamboo impressions suggest that houses were destroyed by fire. Houses were larger in size in the Chalcolithic period compared to the Neolithic period, made of reeds and bamboo with mud plaster and flooring of fired earth. A circular hearth and a few post-holes were also found.
The Neolithic stone implements of celts were found. Axes found were made of quartzite, basalt and granite. The finds included nine types of microliths. Waste flakes found in the area indicate prevalence of the process of manufacture in a well established microlithic industry in the area that included chert, chalcedony, agate and jasper, derived from the dry river bed of the Son river. The final products in the collection are stone discs in long, cylindrical and triangular shapes.
Crafts
Pendants, ear-rings, bangles, discs and combs from the Neolithic period were found. 400 bone tools, mostly used for hunting, made from antler and long bones of deer and cattle were found in Chirand and at Burzahom from Period II and Period III. Terracotta figurines included humped bulls, birds, snakes, and human female figurines. The snake figures are indicative of existence of Naga cult among the Neolithic people. The human female figurines possibly relate to either a mother goddess, a goddess of fertility, or both. Ornaments made from tortoise and ivory were also found. A painted motif of the sacred peepal leaf (Ficus religiosa) was found. A foot stand of large sarcophagus indicates mortuary rites of the Neolithic people.
Celebrations
Fair
An annual fair is held in Chirand during the last day of the month of Kartik (October–November) at a location known as Chyavana-asrama.
Festival
The state government proposed an annual festival titled 'Chirand Mahotsava' with the support of Chirand Vikas Parishad.
Theme park
A theme park depicting the different civilizations of Chirand is currently being planned.
References
Bibliography
Villages in Saran district
Archaeological sites in Bihar
William Mair (1830–1920) was a Scottish minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1897/98.
Life
They spent most of their life as minister of Earlston Church in the Scottish Borders.
In 1897 they were elected Moderator. They were succeeded in 1898 by Rev Thomas Leishman.
Publications
My Life (1911) autobiography
References
1830 births
1920 deaths
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
David Wesley Froman (December 31, 1938 – February 8, 2010) was an American actor, born in Miami, Oklahoma. Their parents were Guy and Gertrude (Helm) Froman. They taught for many years at Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College (NEO), where they were professor of speech and theater. They were best known for their recurring role as Lieutenant Bob Brooks on the popular television series Matlock.
Career
Froman graduated from NEO in 1961, and immediately began teaching speech and theater. In 1969, they left Oklahoma to launch their acting career.
Froman appeared on 56 episodes of Matlock from 1986 to 1994 as Lt. Bob Brooks. They also appeared on several other television shows of the 1980s and 1990s, such as Hill Street Blues, Trapper John, M.D., 21 Jump Street, Cheers and Diagnosis Murder. In addition, they played Captain K'Nera in an episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Froman was well known for their role of both Gunther Wagner, Schuyler Whitney's faithful servant, and their twin brother Bruno on The Edge of Night.
In 1986, they appeared in the TV film Blind Justice, starring Tim Matheson.
Froman also worked as a drama instructor at NEO in Miami, Oklahoma. They served as president of the Miami Little Theatre as well as acting on stage in several productions as late as November 2, 2009.
Personal
Froman married Audrey Stein in Staten Island, New York on December 23, 1978. They continued living there until 1984, then they moved to Los Angeles. In 1994, they moved from Los Angeles to Miami, Oklahoma. They returned to the faculty of NEO, and where they directed shows and musicals. They retired from teaching in 2002, but resumed as a part-time teacher in 2007.
Death
On February 8, 2010, Froman died of cancer in Miami, Oklahoma, aged 71. They were survived by their wife, Audrey, and their six children.
A celebration of Froman's life was held at NEO, where faculty and students articulated on their impact on their lives. Barbara George, chairperson of NEO's Fine Arts Department, said "the respect for Froman among students and faculty members was so great that any praise from him, made us all glow. Their disappointment would have been crushing, so everyone always strove to do their best and beyond, if only for David...He will be greatly, profoundly missed, but the lessons they taught us all will live on forever."
References
External links
1938 births
2010 deaths
People from Miami, Oklahoma
Male actors from Oklahoma
American male television actors
Deaths from cancer in Oklahoma
People from Los Angeles
Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College faculty
The baglafecht weaver (Ploceus baglafecht) is a species of weaver bird from the family Ploceidae which is found in eastern and central Africa. There are several disjunct populations with distinguishable plumage patterns. Only some races display a discrete non-breeding plumage.
Taxonomy and systematics
The origin of the word baglafecht is something of a mystery and was coined by Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon, probably from a local name in an Abyssinian language.
Subspecies
The following races are currently recognised:
P. b. baglafecht - (Daudin, 1802): Found in the Ethiopian highlands and southern Eritrea
P. b. neumanni - (Bannerman, 1923): Found in eastern Nigeria, Cameroon and Central African Republic
P. b. eremobius - (Hartlaub & Emin, 1887): Found in north-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and south-western South Sudan
Emin's weaver (P. b. emini) - (Hartlaub, 1882): Found in south-eastern South Sudan, south-western Ethiopia and northern Uganda
Reichenow's weaver (P. b. reichenowi) - (Fischer, GA, 1884): Found in eastern Uganda, Kenyan highlands and northern Tanzania
Stuhlmann's weaver (P. b. stuhlmanni) - (Reichenow, 1893): Found from eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo to southern Uganda and western Tanzania
P. b. sharpii - (Shelley, 1898): Found in montane forests of southern and south-western Tanzania
P. b. nyikae - (Benson, 1938): Found in Nyika Plateau of north-eastern Zambia and northern Malawi
Description
The baglafecht weaver has a length of .
The adult male baglafecht weaver has a distinctive black mask which extends from the bill through the eye and onto the ear coverts contrasting with the bright yellow forehead, forecrown and throat. The upperparts are yellowish green with dark centres to the feathers creating a faint streaking. The underparts are bright yellow on the breast fading to white towards the vent. The tail is yellow washed dark brown. The bill is black and the eye is pale yellow.
The female baglafecht weaver lacks a mask but has dusky lores with yellowish-green cap, concolorous with the upperparts. In the non breeding plumage the mask is largely lost but there remains a dusky area around the eye, greyish brown on the upperparts, including the crown, with white washed buff underparts. Juveniles and immature birds do not have a mask on the dark-yellowish green head.
The nominate race and Emin's weaver assume a distinct non-breeding plumage, but Reichenow's weaver does not.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in central, eastern, and south-eastern Africa. It is found in forest edge, woodlands, gardens and towns.
Behaviour and ecology
The baglafecht weaver normally breeds singly rather than in colonies. The nests are loosely woven and usually placed in the foliage of trees or bushes. It is often aggressive to other birds and not shy of people.
References
External links
Baglafecht Weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
baglafecht weaver
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of East Africa
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
baglafecht weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Moisés Barack (born December 26, 1943) is a Peruvian former footballer and international football manager. Barack, born in Ica, Peru, was the head manager of the Peru national football team from 1984 to 1985, and is currently the head manager of Deportivo Garcilaso in Cuzco, Peru.
Career
Barack has been the coach of many club teams, each of which won at least one major football tournament. They started out as a player at Iqueño Center in 1959, and then went on to coach several clubs.
List of clubs coached:
Sipesa of Chimbote
Union Huaral
Sport Boys
Atlético Chalaco
Thereafter, Barack was part of the Peru National Board of Coaches.
References
http://api.elcomercio.pe/moisesbarackg
http://www.sonico.com/u/5537828/Moises_Barack
http://elcomercio.pe/ediciononline/HTML/2007-11-08/moises_barack_es_el_nuevo_entr.html
Living people
Peruvian footballers
Peruvian football managers
1943 births
Association football defenders
William Thornton (born February 15, 1986) is a former professional Canadian football wide receiver. They played college football at Texas A&M-Commerce, and played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League (CFL) in 2010.
College career
Thornton played college football at Texas A&M-Commerce. On September 20, 2008, they caught seven passes for 266 yards in a 38-14 win against Eastern New Mexico. Thornton also had four touchdown catches in the game, including one for 98 yards on the opening play. As a result, they were named Lone Star Conference North player of the week. As a senior, Thornton caught 48 passes for 923 yards and 10 touchdowns.
Professional career
Thornton was a member of the Edmonton Eskimos during training camp in 2009.
Thornton signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on May 26, 2010, but they were sustained torn thumb ligaments during a collision with another player in training camp. They were released on June 8, 2010. They were signed to the team's practice roster on September 8, 2010, and released on September 29. They were re-signed to the practice roster on October 11. They were promoted to the active roster on November 4, and played in the team's November 6 game against the BC Lions. They were released by the Tiger-Cats in April 2011.
References
External links
JustSportsStats statistics
1986 births
Living people
People from Belle Glade, Florida
Sportspeople from the Miami metropolitan area
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football wide receivers
American football wide receivers
Edmonton Elks players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Players of American football from Florida
Texas A&M–Commerce Lions football players
Thanatpin Township is a township in Bago District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Thanatpin.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Bago District
Sunday Coming is a 1970 album by Jamaican rocksteady singer Alton Ellis. It was produced by Clement "Coxsone" Dodd and recorded at their Brentford Road studio. The album was originally released on Dodd's Coxsone label and subsequently reissued on CD in 1995 on Heartbeat Records.
Track listing
All songs written by Coxsone Dodd and Alton Ellis, except where noted
"Joy in the Morning" (Coxsone Dodd, B.B. Seaton, Delano Stewart) – 4:04
"Sunday Coming" – 2:23
"These Eyes" (Randy Bachman, Burton Cummings) – 2:51
"Hurting Me" – 2:25
"It's True" – 2:45
"Alton's Groove" – 2:02
"What Does It Take to Win Your Love" (Johnny Bristol, Vernon Bullock, Harvey Fuqua) – 2:59
"The Picture Was You" – 3:01
"Gonna Take a Miracle" – 2:14
"Your Heart Is Gonna Pay" – 2:58
"Wide Awake in a Dream" (Bob Crewe, Bob Gaudio) – 2:49
"You Make Me So Very Happy" (Berry Gordy, Brenda Holloway, Patrice Holloway, Frank Wilson) – 3:07
"Reason in the Sky" – 3:03
Release History
References
Alton Ellis albums
1970 albums
John Brisbin (July 13, 1818 – February 3, 1880) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Early life
John Brisbin was born in Sherburne, New York. They taught school before studying law and establishing a legal practice in Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania, about 1843.
Career
Brisbin was elected as a Democrat to the thirty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of United States Representative Chester P. Butler. They served as president of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company from 1863 to 1867 and member of the board of managers and general counsel from 1867 to 1880.
Death
Brisbin died in Newark, New Jersey at the age of 61. They were interred in Evergreen Cemetery in Hillside, New Jersey.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1818 births
1880 deaths
People from Sherburne, New York
Pennsylvania lawyers
Politicians from Newark, New Jersey
People from the Scranton–Wilkes-Barre metropolitan area
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Burials at Evergreen Cemetery (Hillside, New Jersey)
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Newark, New Jersey
19th-century American lawyers
Gaius Vitrasius Pollio was a Roman eques who flourished during the reign of the emperor Claudius. They were appointed to the important office of praefectus or governor of Roman Egypt from AD 38 to 41.
The Vitrasii came from Cales. Pollio is considered the son of Vitrasius Pollio, who was praefectus of Roman Egypt around the year 32.
Upon arriving in Alexandria, Vitrasius Pollio had to deal with the aftermath of the Alexandrian riots of 38, which had been suppressed by their predecessor, Aulus Avilius Flaccus. Both sides in the riots, the Greeks and the Jews living in Alexandria, petitioned Pollio with their grievances; Pollio referred the matter to Claudius. A copy of the emperor's reply has survived in a papyrus found in the Fayyum.
Pollio and the commander of the cohors Ituraeorum, Lucius Eienus Saturninus, erected a dedication to emperor Claudius 28 April 39 at Syene. When they returned to Rome, Vitrasius Pollio brought several pieces of porphyry stone they had quarried in Egypt, hoping to introduce an interest in that material. According to Pliny the Elder, it failed to attract sufficient interest.
References
1st-century Romans
1st-century Roman governors of Egypt
Roman governors of Egypt
Pollio
Green's Catalog of the Tuberculosis Seals, US National Christmas Seals is a seminal philatelic catalog written by Dick Green, a pioneer member of The Christmas Seal & Charity Stamp Society. Green began their work in the 1920s and portions first appeared as a series in The Western Stamp Collector, a stamp collecting weekly. In 1936 Green's TB Christmas Seal Catalog of the World was published by the Christmas Seal & Charity Stamp Society.
The Catalog is divided into three sections, US National TB Christmas Seals, US Local TB Christmas Seals, and Foreign TB Christmas Seals. Still in print, and greatly expanded; over the years, many volunteer editors have contributed to Green's work.
Green was one of several philatelists in the 1920s listing Christmas Seals. Dorsey F. Wheless, and W.L. Kinkead were cataloging US National Christmas Seals for Scott's Monthly Stamp Journal in 1928. Their work was first incorporated into Scott's Specialized Catalogue of US Postage Stamps in 1935.
Footnotes
Stamp collecting
1936 non-fiction books
Khursa () is a Palestinian village located seven kilometers south-west of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 3,440 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 2.
Etymology
According to Palmer, the name Khirbet Kurza means "the ruin of kurza", a pine cone.
History
In 1883, the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine found here "walls, caves, a well, and a vault, probably a cistern. There were several cisterns and a sacred place to the west. Some of the ruins appear to be modern, some ancient."
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 21: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Kurza Village (fact sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem, ARIJ
Kurza Village profile, ARIJ
Kurza Village aerial photo, ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in Kurza village based on the community and local authorities' assessment, ARIJ
Villages in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Nurabad (, also Romanized as Nūrābād) is a village in Siyavashan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 42 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1601.
Events
January 1 – The "Paul's Boys", a children's drama group, perform at the English royal court.
January 6 – The Children of the Chapel give their first theatrical performance at the English court since 1584: Liberality and Prodigality, by an unknown dramatist.
January 21 – Tirso de Molina enters the monastery of San Antolín at Guadalajara, Spain.
February 7 – The Lord Chamberlain's Men stage a performance of Shakespeare's Richard II at the Globe Theatre in London. The performance is specially commissioned (at a 40-shilling bonus) by the plotters in the Earl of Essex's rebellion of the following day. The plotters hope that the play, depicting the overthrow of a reigning monarch, will influence the public mood in their favour. The plot fails.
February 17 – Actor Augustine Phillips, a member of the Lord Chamberlain's Men, is deposed by the Privy Council of England.
Spring – Probable latest date for first performance of Shakespeare's Hamlet. The play is presented by the Lord Chamberlain's Men at the Globe Theatre in London with Richard Burbage playing Prince Hamlet and (according to theatrical tradition) the dramatist playing the Ghost.
May 31 – The authorities demand proof of the insanity of Tommaso Campanella, imprisoned in Italy for revolutionary plotting; Campanella is eventually judged insane and spared the death penalty and sentenced to life imprisonment, in the course of which they write The City of the Sun.
June (approximate) – Ben Jonson's The Poetaster is performed on stage for the first time.
July – Lancelot Andrewes becomes Dean of Westminster.
unknown dates
Thomas Overbury meets Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset, and they become firm friends.
Philemon Holland publishes their translation of the Natural History of Pliny the Elder. When they compose Othello in the next year of so, Shakespeare exploits the book for references, including the "Anthropophagi" and the "Pontic Sea."
New books
Prose
Nicolas Barnaud – De Occulta philosophia
Carolus Clusius – Rariarum plantarum historia
Antonio de Herrera y Tordesillas – Historia general de los hechos de los Castellanos, volume 1
Nicholas Hill – Philosophia epicurea
Philemon Holland – The Historie of the World, a translation of Pliny's Natural History
Thomas Middleton – The Penniless Parliament of Threadbare Poets
Mavro Orbin – The Realm of the Slavs
Achilles Tatius – The Adventures of Leucippe and Cleitophon (first printed edition of original Greek text, published Heidelberg)
Brás Viegas – Commentarii exegetici in Apocalypsim
Drama
Anonymous
(Sebastian Westcote?) – The Contention Between Liberality and Prodigality
The Return from Parnassus
Thomas Dekker – Satiromastix and Blurt, Master Constable, or The Spaniards Night-Walke (with Thomas Middleton?)
Ben Jonson – The Poetaster performed; Cynthia's Revels published
John Lyly – Love's Metamorphosis published
John Marston – What You Will
Anthony Munday – The Downfall and The Death of Robert Earl of Huntington published together
William Percy – Arabia sitiens, or, A Dreame of a Drye Yeare: a Tragaecomodye
William Shakespeare – Twelfth Night, or What You Will; Hamlet (possible first performance)
Robert Yarington – Two Lamentable Tragedies published
Poetry
Robert Chester – Love's Martyr. The volume also contains fourteen poems by other hands, including:
William Shakespeare – The Phoenix and the Turtle
Gervase Markham – Mary Magdalene's Tears
John Weever – The Mirror of Martyrs, or The Life and Death of Sir John Oldcastle
Bento Teixeira – Prosopopeia
Births
January 8 – Baltasar Gracián, Spanish Jesuit writer (died 1658)
March 7 – Johann Michael Moscherosch, German satirist (died 1669)
June 5 – John Trapp, English Biblical commentator (died 1669)
July 17 – Emmanuel Maignan, French theologian (died 1676)
August 22 – Georges de Scudéry, French novelist, dramatist and poet (died 1667)
Probable year of birth – François Tristan l'Hermite, French dramatist (died 1655)
Deaths
January 11 – Scipione Ammirato, Italian historian (born 1531)
March 13 – Henry Cuffe, English philosophical writer and politician (executed, born 1563)
April 10 – Mark Alexander Boyd, Scottish poet (born 1562)
August 19 – William Lambarde, English antiquary and lawyer (born 1536)
August 31 – Gian Vincenzo Pinelli, Italian humanist and book collector (born 1535)
September 7 – John Shakespeare, English glover and father of William Shakespeare (born c. 1530)
November 8 – John Hooker, English constitutionalist (born c. 1527)
Approximate year of death – Thomas Nashe, English pamphleteer, poet and satirist (born 1567)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Karakas may refer to:
Hedvig Karakas (born 1990), Hungarian judoka
Mike Karakas (1911-1992), American professional ice hockey goaltender
Karakaş, Turkish surname
Karakaš, Serbo-Croatian surname
Marica Karakaš
Zdenko Karakaš
Karakaš Mehmed-paša
Ptelea, Evros, formerly known as El-Karakas
Hattie Elizabeth Alexander (April 5, 1901 – June 24, 1968) was an American pediatrician and microbiologist. Hattie earned their M.D. from Johns Hopkins University in 1930 and continued their research and medical career at Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital in New York City. They became the lead microbiologist and the head of the bacterial infections program at Columbia-Presbyterian. Alexander occupied many prestigious positions at Columbia University and was well honored even after their death from liver cancer in 1968.  They are known for their development of the first effective remedies for Haemophilus influenzae infection, as well as being one of the first scientists to identify and study antibiotic resistance. Hattie has received many awards and honors including the E. Mead Johnson Award in 1942, for their headway in pediatric research and antibiotic resistance. Them research and studies helped lay the ground work for research into antibiotic and vaccine development.
Early life and education
Alexander was born in Baltimore, Maryland, on April 5, 1901, and was the second of seven children. Them birth was not registered properly, thus later on in their life they had to provide proof of their baptism in order to receive a passport. Hattie distinguished themselves throughout school, so much so that their high school English teacher obtained a full scholarship for them at Goucher College. Alexander graduated from Goucher College in 1923 with a bachelor's of arts degree in bacteriology and physiology. One of the first jobs Alexander had after they graduated was in the National Laboratory in Washington, D.C. as a bacteriologist. Here they met and impressed the director of the laboratory, Miss Septima Smith who helped to financial support Alexander in Medical School. They worked for the United States Public Health Service and the Maryland Public Health Service, and was initially enrolled at the University of Maryland before they transferred to Johns Hopkins University medical school, where they received their M.D. in 1930 with a focus on pediatrics. Hattie's mentor during medical school was Dr. Edwards Park. Another professor at Johns Hopkins, Dr. Rustin McIntosh, helped develop their interests in pediatrics. They did their internship at Baltimore's Harriet Lane Home located at Johns Hopkins Hospital. Hattie was afterwards a resident at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center's Babies Hospital in New York City, due to an invitation from Dr. McIntosh, where they stayed for the rest of their career.
Career
In 1932, they became an instructor and researcher in the Department of Pediatrics at Columbia University, where they spent their entire professional career. Here, Alexander slowly made their way up the professional hierarchy, starting as the Holt Fellow in Diseases of Children in 1932, Assistant in Diseases of Children in 1934, and Instructor in Diseases of Children in 1935. From 1936 to 1943, Alexander was the Associate in Pediatrics before continuing to work their way up the professional chain by becoming Assistant Professor in 1943, Associate Professor in 1948, and finally Professor from 1958. They finally retired in 1966 after a successful career at Columbia University. While at the Columbia-Presbyterian Babies Hospital they became the main authority on bacterial infections and the lead microbiologist in the laboratory. From 1941 to 1945 they served as a consultant to Secretary of War, Henry L. Stimson on the Influenza Commission. Alexander was the first woman to serve as president of the American Pediatric Society. Hattie Alexander died of liver cancer in New York City on June 24, 1968. Them obituary was published in The New York Times and The Baltimore Sun which recognized them for producing the first treatment for influenzal meningitis.
Research
Alexander's work aimed to advance research of infectious diseases and the biology of the microorganisms that cause meningitis in a time before antibiotics or vaccinations. Them research focused primarily on the mechanisms and effects of meningitis in children which at the time had a high mortality rate. Alexander started their studies by trying to identify the prognostic and diagnostic strategies of meningitis. They were able to successfully identify in one of their early studies the prognostic ability of cerebrospinal fluid in precipitin tests. Hattie noted that those with a positive precipitin test result had a higher rate of mortality than those with a negative result.
In the wake of the development of an anti-pneumonia serum at New York's Rockefeller Institute, Alexander reported a cure rate for infants of 75% with influenzal meningitis in 1939. In the early 1940s, Alexander began researching Haemophilus influenzae (Hib) meningitis, at the time an almost invariably fatal disease in infants and young children. They started experimenting with rabbit serum and in 1939 they referenced in one of their research papers that the results looked promising for children. Alexander later experimented with sulfonamides and its effects on pyogenic meningitis. They concluded that sulfonamides are insufficient in treating meningitis alone, and those who were treated with sulfonamides and recovered only did due to the antibodies that they produced. These experiments led them to develop an improved antiserum for the disease; by combining rabbit serum therapy with the use of sulfa drugs. This combination became the lead treatment of meningitis until antibiotics.
By developing standardized techniques for diagnosis and treatment, they and their associate Grace Leidy helped reduce the mortality rate from Hib from nearly 100 percent to less than 25 percent. Later, Alexander and Leidy studied the effect of antibiotics on Hib, finding streptomycin to be highly effective. The combined use of the antiserum, sulfa drugs, and antibiotics significantly lowered the mortality rate from Hib.
In the course of their research on antibiotics, Alexander noted and reported the appearance of antibiotic-resistant strains of Hib. They concluded, correctly, that this was caused by random genetic mutations in DNA which were positively selected through evolution; they and Leidy demonstrated the occurrence of transformation in the Hib bacillus, leading to resistance.
Awards and honors
Alexander received numerous honors and awards for their work, including the E. Mead Johnson Award (1942), the Elizabeth Blackwell Award (1956), and the Oscar B. Hunter Memorial Award (1962). In 1963 was awarded Babies Hospital Distinguished Service Medal, and in 1964, they were elected president of the American Pediatric Society. They were the first women to be elected to this position. Even after their death, Hattie Alexander was honored for their service and accomplishments. Alexander received two honorary degrees: one from Goucher College and one from Wheaton College.
References
Sources
American National Biography, vol. 1, pp. 270–271.
CDC biography
Biography.com profile
New York Times obituary, June 25, 1968 (subscription required)
Columbia University: Faculty Remembered
Further reading
1901 births
1968 deaths
Johns Hopkins School of Medicine alumni
Columbia University faculty
American pediatricians
Women pediatricians
American microbiologists
Women microbiologists
Goucher College alumni
20th-century American physicians
20th-century American women physicians
20th-century American women scientists
People from Baltimore
Presidents of the American Pediatric Society
American women academics
Methylatropine (trade name Eumydrin) is a belladonna derivative.
In 1902, the Bayer Company introduced methylatropine, a quaternary ammonium salt of atropine, as a mydriatic for dilation of the pupil during ophthalmic examination under the brand name of Eumydrin. Because of its highly polar nature it penetrated less readily into the central nervous system than did atropine; hence it was introduced for relieving pyloric spasm in infants.
The blocking potency of methylatropine is approximately 10-20 times higher than that of atropine at neuromuscular and ganglionic synapses.
See also
Apoatropine
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Tropanes
Primary alcohols
Carboxylate esters
Malovodnoye is an ethnically Kazakh village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan. It is located in the Enbekshikazakh District, approximately 75 kilometres north-east of Almaty and midway between the larger settlements of Yevgenyevka and Yanaturmysh. Numerous clashes between Kazakhs and ethnic Chechens have broken out in the village, notably in March-April 2007.
Demographics
Most locals are ethnic Kazakhs
Chechens settlers
Turkish immigrants
Chinese immigrants
Notes
Populated places in Almaty Region
William Christmas Knighton (December 25, 1867 – March 14, 1938) was an American architect best known for their work in Oregon. Knighton designed the Governor Hotel in Portland, Johnson Hall at the University of Oregon, and the Oregon Supreme Court Building and Deepwood Estate in Salem. They served as Oregon's first state architect from 1911–1915, appointed by Governor Oswald West. By 1915, Knighton had designed ninety building projects as state architect. In 1919, Knighton was appointed by Governor Ben Olcott as the first president of the Oregon State Board of Architectural Examiners, a position they held until 1922. In 1920, Knighton was elected the sixth president of the Oregon Chapter of the American Institute of Architects. They remained on the chapter's board of trustees for several years and was chair of the Chapter Legislative Committee into the 1930s.
They were born on December 25, 1867, in Indianapolis, Indiana. They came to Salem, Oregon, in 1893 and apprenticed with C.S. McNally. They moved to Alabama in 1895 and returned to Portland, Oregon in 1902.
In 1924 they formed a partnership with Leslie Dillon Howell, during which they designed buildings including Grant High School.
They died in Portland on March 14, 1938.
A number of their works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with individual or joint attribution):
Dr. Luke A. Port House (1894), 1116 Mission St., SE, Salem, Oregon (Knighton, William C.), NRHP-listed
Judge James Watson Hamilton House (1895), 759 S. E. Kane St., Roseburg, Oregon (Knighton, W.C.), NRHP-listed
Prael, Hegele Building/Maddox Building (1906), 1231 NW Hoyt Street (W.C. Knighton, J.T. Wilding), NRHP-listed as contributing within Portland Thirteenth Avenue Historic District
Maud and Belle Ainsworth House (1907), 2542 S.W. Hillcrest Dr., Portland (Knighton, William C.), NRHP-listed
Charles J. and Elsa Schnabel House (1907), 2375 S.W. Park Pl., Portland, (Knighton, William C.), NRHP-listed
Governor Hotel (1909), 611 SW 10th Ave., Portland (Knighton, William C.), NRHP-listed
Packard Service Building (1910), 121 NW. Twenty-Third Ave., Portland, (Knighton, William C.), NRHP-listed
Whitney and Gray Building and Jake's Famous Crawfish Restaurant (1910), 401-409 SW 12th Ave., Portland, (Knighton & Root), NRHP-listed
Crane Building (c.1910), 710 and 712 NW 14th Avenue, NRHP-listed as contributing within Portland Thirteenth Avenue Historic District
Joseph Gaston House (1911), 1960 S.W. Sixteenth Ave., Portland, (Knighton, William C.), NRHP-listed
Trinity Place Apartments (1911), 117 NW. Trinity Pl., Portland, (William C. Knighton/Knighton & Root), NRHP-listed
Ashland Oregon National Guard Armory (1912–13), 208 Oak St., Ashland, Oregon (Knighton, W.C.), NRHP-listed
Oregon Supreme Court Building (1913–14), Salem, Oregon
Roseburg Oregon National Guard Armory (1914), 1034 SE. Oak St., Roseburg, Oregon (Knighton, Wiiliam C.), NRHP-listed
Johnson Hall (1914–15), E. 13th between University and Kincaid Sts., at the University of Oregon, Eugene, Oregon (Knighton, William C.), NRHP-listed
Eastern Oregon State Hospital (sometime during 1912-1917), Pendleton, Oregon
State Boys' Training School (sometime during 1912-1917), Woodburn, Oregon
Frigidaire Building (1929), 230 E. Burnside, Portland, (Knighton & Howell), NRHP-listed
References
1938 deaths
1864 births
Architects from Oregon
The Pacific Institute of Geography of the Far Eastern Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Russian:Тихоокеанский институт географии Дальневосточного отделения Российской академии наук)(abbr. TIG FEB RAS) is a research institute of the Far Eastern Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences, organized in 1971. It is the leading scientific institution of geographic profile in the Russian Far East. It is located in Vladivostok.
History
The Pacific Institute of Geography was established on October 1, 1971 at the Far Eastern Scientific Center of the USSR Academy of Sciences. Andrey Kapitsa, A prominent scientist, geographer, corresponding member of the USSR Academy of Sciences, became the director-organizer of the institute . The main task of the new institute was to organize, conduct and coordinate full-scale geographic studies of the Far East regions and natural geosystems in the continent-ocean transition zone.
In May 2002, the Kamchatka Institute of Ecology and Nature Management was attached to the Pacific Institute of Geography, which later became the Kamchatka branch of the TIG FEB RAS.
In 2018, according to the results of the FANO assessment of the performance of scientific organizations, the institute was assigned category I in the profile "Knowledge generation"
In 2020, the institute established the scientific journal "Pacific Geography".
Scientific departments
Laboratory of Paleogeography and Geomorphology (Head - L.A. Ganzei, Ph.D.)
Laboratory of Geochemistry (Head - Doctor of Geological Sciences V.M.Shulkin)
Laboratory of Biogeography and Ecology (Head - Doctor of Biological Sciences S.V. Osipov )
Laboratory for the use of natural resources in coastal regions (head - V.V. Zharikov, Ph.D.)
Laboratory of Geoinformation Technologies and Geosystems Modeling (Head - Ph.D. S. M. Krasnopeyev)
Laboratory of Social and Medical Geography (Head - S. A. Lozovskaya, Candidate of Biological Sciences)
Laboratory of Territorial and Economic Structures (Head - Dr. A.V. Moshkov )
Laboratory of Ecology and Animal Protection (Head - I.V. Seredkin, Candidate of Biological Sciences)
Laboratory of Hydrology and Climatology (headed by V.V. Shamov, Doctor of Geology )
Laboratory of transformations of contact geosystems (head - Ph.D. A.N.Bugaets)
Information and Cartographic Center (Head - Ph.D. E. G. Egidarev)
Center for Landscape and Ecological Research (head - A. N. Kachur, Candidate of Geology )
Regional Center for Environmental Monitoring of the North-West Pacific (coordinated by Dr. A. N. Kachur )
Kamchatka Branch of TIG FEB RAS (Director - Doctor of Biological Sciences A.M. Tokranov )
North-Eastern scientific base of TIG FEB RAS in the village. Cherskiy (supervisor - S. A. Zimov )
vScientific and experimental base "Smychka"
Scientific base in the village of Khrustalny (is in conservation)
Earlier in the structure of the institute there were separate laboratories: paleogeography; geomorphology; seascapes; permafrost science; sustainable nature management and expertise; ecological and geographical expertise; medical geography; regional settlement problems; geocybernetics, etc.
The institute has postgraduate studies in five profiles of geosciences. In 2016–2019, the dissertation council worked in the specialty "Geoecology".
Main scientific directions
The main research areas of the Institute:
study of the structure and dynamics of geographic systems in the transition zone (land-ocean) and their modeling;
research of ways of development and optimization of regional types of nature management, including coastal-marine, based on geoinformation technologies, development of regional programs for sustainable nature management;
studying the dynamics and interrelationships of territorial natural resource systems and territorial structures of the economy and settlement, development of programs for sustainable development of the Far Eastern regions of Russia, taking into account the integration processes in the Asia-Pacific region.
Institute staff
In total, the institute employs 213 people, including 108 researchers, including:
Academician of RAS - 1
Doctors of Science - 14
Candidates of Science - 63
Institute directors
1st Director (1971-1979) - A.P. Kapitsa, Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, geographer and geomorphologist
2nd Director (1979-1991) - G. I. Khudyakov, Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, physical geographer, geomorphologist and geologist
3rd Director (1991-2016) - P. Ya. Baklanov, Academician of the Russian Academy of Sciences, economic geographer
4th Director (2016—2019) - V. V. Ermoshin, Ph.D. in Geography, cartographer
5th director (since 2019) - K. S. Ganzei, candidate of geographical sciences, geographer
Institute scientists
Over the years, famous geographers worked at the institute:
K. K. Markov, Academician of the USSR Academy of Sciences
A. P. Kapitsa, Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Organizing Director of the institute (1971-1979)
G. I. Khudyakov, Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences
V. Ya. Sergin, Doctor of Science
B. I. Vtyurin, Doctor of Science
V. V. Nikolskaya, Doctor of Science
S. Ya. Sergin, Doctor of Science
Yu. G. Puzachenko, Doctor of Science
Sh.Sh. Hasanov, Doctor of Science
E. G. Kolomyts, Doctor of Science
B. V. Poyarkov, Doctor of Science
S. S. Ganzei, Doctor of Science
B. V. Preobrazhensky, Doctor of Science
E. I. Bolotin, Doctor of Science
V.P.Seledets, Doctor of Science
V. I. Chuprynin, Doctor of Science
D. G. Pikunov, Doctor of Science
A.P. Kulakov, Doctor of Science
M. T. Romanov, Doctor of Science
A. Stepanko, Candidate of Science, Scientific Secretary of the institute (1996-2017)
Directorate
Scientific adviser: Baklanov Pyotr Yakovlevich - Academician of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Professor
Director: Ganzei Kirill Sergeevich, Candidate of Geographical Sciences
Deputy Director for Research: Zharikov Vasily Valerievich, Candidate of Geographical Sciences
Scientific secretary: Lyaschevskaya Marina Sergeevna, candidate of geographical sciences
References
Russian Academy of Sciences
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
1971 establishments in the Soviet Union
Research institutes established in 1971
Hoseynabad-e Qajar (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Qājār; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseīnābād) is a village in Jamalabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Eichenbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Juggernaut is the ninth and final studio album by Australian rock band, Hunters & Collectors. The album, recorded in 1997, was co-produced by the group with Kalju Tonuma and Mark Opitz. It was released on 26 January 1998 on Mushroom's White Label. With its release, Hunters & Collectors announced they would disband after the Say Goodbye Tour – they gave their final performances in late March 1998. The album peaked at No. 36 on the ARIA Albums Chart and No. 48 on the New Zealand Albums Chart.
Background
Hunters & Collectors issued Juggernaut on 26 January 1998 with the line-up of John Archer on bass guitar and backing vocals; Doug Falconer on drums, percussion, programming and backing vocals; Jack Howard on trumpet, keyboards and backing vocals; Barry Palmer on lead guitar; Mark Seymour on lead vocals; Jeremy Smith on guitars, French horn, keyboards, programming and backing vocals; and Michael Waters on trombone.
Almost four years earlier, in May 1994, the band released their eighth studio album, Demon Flower, which peaked at No. 2 on the ARIA Albums Chart. In 1995 they undertook an extensive tour of Europe in support of Demon Flower before taking a break. During this time they released a double live set, Living ... In Large Rooms and Lounges, in December that year. Also during the break Palmer formed a side-project, deadstar, which released a self-titled album in 1996 and a second album, Milk in 1997. Seymour issued their first solo album, King Without a Clue, in September 1997.
By this time a split was inevitable: there were external family commitments, long running internal disputes and a desire to simply 'call it a day'. Rather than a compilation album, the band recorded their last studio album, Juggernaut. It was produced by the group with Kalju Tonuma (Nick Barker, Frenzal Rhomb, deadstar) and Mark Opitz (The Angels, Cold Chisel, INXS).
Hunters and Collectors launched their final twelve-week national Say Goodbye Tour. Their final public show was on 22 March 1998 and their final, invitation only, performance on 24 March 1998, both in Melbourne.
The album peaked at No. 36 on the ARIA Albums Chart and No. 48 on the New Zealand Albums Chart. The first track released from the album, "Higher Plane", in December 1997, was a promotional single only (with only 1,000 copies issued). The first official single was "Suit Your Style" in February 1998, which featured Paul Kelly on backing vocals and also co-writing the lyrics with Seymour. "Higher Plane" was commercially unsuccessful failing to chart in either country.
The album was re-issued by Liberation Blue on 11 August 2003.
Track listing
Personnel
John Archer — bass, backing vocals
Doug Falconer - drums, percussion, programming, backing vocals
Jack Howard - trumpet, keyboards, backing vocals
Barry Palmer - guitars
Mark Seymour - vocals
Jeremy Smith - guitars, French horn, keyboards, programming, backing vocals
Michael Waters - trombone
Helen Mountfort - cello
Kalju Tonuma - synthesiser
Charts
References
1998 albums
Hunters & Collectors albums
Mushroom Records albums
Girl and the River () is a 1958 French drama film directed by François Villiers. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
In alphabetical order
Henri Arius - The uncle from Cavaillon
Pascale Audret - Hortense
Odette Barencey - Joséphine
Charles Blavette - L'oncle Simon
Jean Clarens - Le notaire
Andrée Debar - The cousin from Rochebrune
Hubert de Lapparent - Elie, a peasant
Hélène Gerber - La femme d'Elie
Jean Giono - Le récitant (voice)
Harry-Max - Le juge de paix
Germaine Kerjean - The aunt from Rochebrune
Robert Lombard - Le cousin de Rochebrune
Milly Mathis - The aunt from Cavaillon
Pierre Moncorbier - L'oncle vigneron
Jean Panisse - The butcher
Maurice Sarfati - The cousin from Cavaillon
Dany Saval
Jean-Marie Serreau - Le Jéhovah de Perthuis
Madeleine Sylvain - La bouchère
Arlette Thomas - La femme de Dabisse
References
External links
1958 films
1950s French-language films
1958 drama films
Films based on works by Jean Giono
Films directed by François Villiers
French drama films
1950s French films
Nocardiopsis gilva is a halophilic bacterium from the genus of Nocardiopsis which has been isolated from hypersaline soil in China. The Strain YIM 90087 of Nocardiopsis gilva produces some antifungal, antibacterial and antioxidant substances.
References
External links
Type strain of Nocardiopsis gilva at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Actinomycetales
Bacteria described in 2006
Boriavi, also spelled Boriyavi, is a village in Mehsana Taluka of Mahesana district in Gujarat, India.
Economy
The cattle feed factory Sagardan owned by Dudhsagar Dairy is located in the village.
Amentites
The village has a primary school and waterworks.
References
Villages in Mehsana district
The third season of the American television series Black Lightning, which is based on the DC Comics character Jefferson Pierce / Black Lightning, premiered on The CW on October 7, 2019. The season is produced by Berlanti Productions, Akil Productions, Warner Bros. Television, and DC Entertainment. It was ordered in January 2019 and production began that July, with Salim Akil once again serving as showrunner.
The season continues to follow Jefferson, a high school principal-turned-teacher and re-emerged superhero Black Lightning, in their fight against the corrupt government agency known as the A.S.A. as they occupy their community of Freeland, as well as new threats from the country of Markovia. The mid-season finale and ninth episode of the season also ties into the Arrowverse crossover event "Crisis on Infinite Earths" and leads into Black Lightning's appearance in the crossover. Cress Williams stars as Jefferson, along with principal cast members China Anne McClain, Nafessa Williams, Marvin "Krondon" Jones III, Christine Adams, Damon Gupton, Jordan Calloway, and James Remar also returning from previous seasons.
Episodes
Cast and characters
Main
Cress Williams as Jefferson Pierce / Black Lightning
China Anne McClain as Jennifer Pierce / Lightning
Nafessa Williams as Anissa Pierce / Blackbird / Thunder
Christine Adams as Lynn Stewart
Marvin "Krondon" Jones III as Tobias Whale
Damon Gupton as Bill Henderson
Jordan Calloway as Khalil Payne / Painkiller
James Remar as Peter Gambi
Recurring
Bill Duke as Agent Percy Odell
Rafael Castillo as Devonte Jones
Will Catlett as Latavius "Lala" Johnson / Tattoo Man
Clifton Powell as Reverend Jeremiah Holt
Adetinpo Thomas as Jamillah Olsen
Justin Livingston as Cloaked Gambi
Sh'Kia Augustin as the voice of Shonda
Jasun Jabbar Wardlaw Jr. as Tavon Singley
Thomas K. Belgry as Colonel Yuri Mosin
Chantal Thuy as Grace Choi
Jahking Guillory as Brandon Marshall / Geo
Katy O'Brian as Major Sara Grey
Vernika Rowe as Auntie Gina
Taylor Polidore as Lisa
Boone Platt as Sergeant Gardner Grayle
Renell Gibbs as Kyrie
Jason Louder than Frank "Two-Bits" Tanner
Jennifer Riker as Dr. Helga Jace
Christopher A'mmanuel as Baron / TC
Wayne Brady as Tyson Sykes / Gravedigger
Guest
Zoe Renee as Maryam Luqman
Christopher B. Duncan as Commander Carson Williams
Chase Alexander as Ned Creegan / Cyclotronic
Myles Truitt as Issa Williams
Warren "WAWA" Snipe as Thierry
Birgundi Baker as Anaya
Euseph Messiah as Nurse Michael Allen
P. J. Byrne as Principal Mike Lowry
Gabrielle Garcia as Erica Moran
Tosin Morohunfola as Instant
Brandon Hirsch as Dr. Matthew Blair
Jill Scott as Evelyn Stillwater-Ferguson / Lady Eve
Jennifer Christa Palmer as Representative Nagar
Tony Isabella as Judge Isabella
Trevor Von Eeden as Judge von Eeden
Production
Development
On January 31, 2019, The CW renewed the series for its third season. On the early renewal of Black Lightning as well as other series, network president Mark Pedowitz released a statement reading, "The early renewal of these signature CW series gives us a head start on laying out the 2019-20 season, and this is just the beginning. These shows provide a strong foundation for our multiplatform programming strategy, and we look forward to building on this with even more returning and new shows as we approach the May upfront." Executive producer and series developer Salim Akil returned to serve as the season's showrunner. On January 7, 2020, The CW renewed the series for a fourth season.
Writing
Lead actor Cress Williams revealed that the third season's narrative would begin approximately a month and a half after the season two finale. They also observed that the season picks up with the Pierce family "a little disjointed" and that Jefferson's immediate focus, shared with their ex-wife Lynn, would be to "keep both of [their] daughters out of the war that's coming." After the fictional Eastern European country of Markovia was revealed as the entity responsible for the season two villains known as the Masters of Disaster and that the nation had been building up its own metahuman army, Williams teased that the third season would see the world of the series "getting bigger" with Markovia becoming the source of a number of new metahumans, both heroes and villains. Showrunner Salim Akil described Markovia as "a small, power-hungry regime" that seeks to "weaponize" Freeland's metahumans. They also stated that, while everyday life in Freeland would still be a focus of the season, "we want our stories to talk about concerns not just for black folk but for people in general. We'll cover mental health and addiction issues that affect the whole country." Williams' role in several episodes was reduced to accommodate their late-decision appearance in the Arrowverse's annual crossover event.
Discussing Jennifer's ongoing struggle to control their powers due to the emotional discovery of their abilities, actor China Anne McClain noted that, "When the season starts, we see that Jennifer is getting more powerful, stronger, and she's also getting more emotional. We can expect a combination of all three of those this season." Akil additionally disclosed that Jennifer being stronger than both their father and their sister on account of their unique ability to generate their own electricity would also raise the issue of who is ultimately in control amongst the three. Meanwhile, Nafessa Williams said of their character Anissa's journey, "Season one was about their understanding and discovering their powers, in season two they are kind of starting to perfect them and trust herself. Season three, they are a woman. They trust that and they are from under the leadership of their father and they are always willing to take advice but sometimes their ideas and their ways of doing things and their mindset is different from their father's." As for Tobias, the main villain of the series' first two seasons who was last seen incarcerated, Akil stated that since "his powers are taken [off the table...] he's going to have to use their superior intelligence to work their way out — and not their brawn."
Jordan Calloway revealed that their character Khalil, who was thought to have perished during the previous season until re-emerging in the season finale, would "come back a little different" in season three. The sentiment was echoed by McClain, who additionally cast doubt on the future of their characters' romantic relationship. Calloway explained, "[Khalil] might go both sides, good or bad. We saw what they were doing under the control of Tobias, and now you add another huge big bad, Agent Odell, the stakes are much higher for him. [...] What happens when you cross an individual like that?" Speaking on the circumstances surrounding Khalil's return, Akil hinted that, "The A.S.A.'s Agent Odell thought it best to keep them in a pod until they [could] figure out what to do with him." Akil characterized Agent Odell as "a true American patriot, [which] makes them a deadly soldier" and shared that the Pierces would be reluctantly working alongside them in order to protect their community, as it was revealed in the second season finale that Agent Odell knows of the Pierces' secret identities and abilities. Furthermore, Williams teased that Jefferson would be making "a really big sacrifice" this season that would reveal "a little bit more of their angrier side" and "[propel] them at the beginning of the season."
Casting
Main cast members Cress Williams, China Anne McClain, Nafessa Williams, Christine Adams, Marvin "Krondon" Jones III, Damon Gupton, Jordan Calloway, and James Remar return from previous seasons as Jefferson Pierce / Black Lightning, Jennifer Pierce / Lightning, Anissa Pierce / Thunder, Lynn Stewart, Tobias Whale, Bill Henderson, Khalil Payne / Painkiller, and Peter Gambi, respectively.
On October 10, 2019, it was announced that Wayne Brady would play a major recurring role this season as Tyson Sykes / Gravedigger, a World War II-era "super soldier" and American-turned-Markovian asset. On January 19, 2020, Gupton revealed that they had been let go from the series and this would be their final season as a series regular.
Design
This season features a new suit design for Jefferson Pierce as Black Lightning. In place of the previous suit's glowing blue and gold bolts across the chest, a textured gold design with blue and black weaving is featured throughout the torso, arms, and gloves. The mask is also slightly redesigned with dark red-tinted lenses. As Anissa Pierce officially takes on the name "Blackbird" this season as a second secret identity, they also receive a new costume for the alter-ego that consists of a black hood and a mask that covers the lower half of their face.
Filming
Production for the season began on July 9, 2019 in Atlanta, Georgia. A week of production was carved out for Williams to film their scenes for the Arrowverse crossover event "Crisis on Infinite Earths" in Vancouver, British Columbia. Filming for the third season concluded on January 21, 2020.
Arrowverse tie-ins
The mid-season finale and ninth episode of the season titled "The Book of Resistance: Chapter Four: Earth Crisis" ties into the Arrowverse crossover event "Crisis on Infinite Earths" and leads into Cress Williams' appearances as Black Lightning in Part Three and Part Five of the crossover. Following the event, Black Lightning officially joins the Arrowverse franchise and, beginning with the season's tenth episode, retroactively shares a new continuity with the other series of the shared universe, all of which now collectively inhabit the new world of Earth-Prime.
Release
Broadcast
The third season premiered on The CW in the United States on October 7, 2019. The season was originally scheduled to debut two weeks later on October 21 prior to the reveal that Black Lightning would be involved in the Arrowverse crossover event "Crisis on Infinite Earths" on The CW. The series continues to air on Mondays at 9:00pm during the 2019–20 television season, but now airs following All American. The 16th and final episode of the season will air on March 9, 2020.
Home media
Having acquired the international distribution and streaming rights for Black Lightning, Netflix previously aired new episodes of the first two seasons weekly in regions outside of the United States, including Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. However, following the expiration of the deal between the streamer and the network, the third season will be added to Netflix internationally at a later date. The season was released in its entirety on Netflix in the United States on March 17, 2020, 8 days after the finale aired on The CW.
Marketing
Several of the season's main cast members attended San Diego Comic-Con on July 20, 2019 to promote the season. The first trailer of the season was released on September 24.
Reception
Ratings
Critical response
The third season of Black Lightning has received generally positive reviews from professional critics. On the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the season holds a 100% approval rating, with an average rating of 7.92/10, based on 6 reviews.
Reviewing the premiere for Entertainment Weekly, Christian Holub gave the episode a "B+" grade, writing, "Black Lightning has been able to do a really good job of showcasing real-life racial dynamics and structural inequities through its comic-flavored storytelling. And in season 3, the show is aiming directly at our real-life crisis of family separation and putting kids in cages. [...] After a bit of a sophomore slump, I'm excited to see where Black Lightning goes from here." Nicole Hill of Den of Geek! assigned the premiere episode a rating of 4 out of 5. They opined that, "Black Lightning does a good job of playing with these different concepts of power and showing how they interact, overlap, and cancel each other out. [...] I hope this season maintains focus and doesn't find itself branching out too far away from its central conflicts. If the following episodes consistently operate at this level, this will be an exciting season to watch." The A.V. Clubs Kyle Fowle gave the premiere a "B+" grade and added that, "The first episode of the third season is just as politically charged as previous episodes, but this time around things feel more relevant, more attuned to this specific time and place. Black Lightning has nodded towards real life events before, but this premiere, centered around kids being rounded up, separated from their families, and locked in detention camps with no idea of when they'll get out or what they did wrong, feels particularly pointed."
Notes
References
External links
2019 American television seasons
2020 American television seasons
Black Lightning (TV series) seasons
The 1906 Bolshevik raid on the Tsarevich Giorgi took place on September 20, 1906 (Julian calendar) when Tsarevich Giorgi, 2,200 ton steamship measuring 285 feet led by captain Sinkevich, was travelling from Odessa to Batum carrying vast amounts of money. The ship stopped off at Novorossiysk, Sukhum and New Athos for wage deliveries. Twenty-five Bolshevik gunmen led by Joseph Stalin slipped aboard armed with Mausers and grenades. At 1:15 am they and four renegade sailors took over the ship.
Stalin said: "We're revolutionaries through and through, not criminals. We need cash for the Revolution and we'll take only Treasury funds. Obey my commands and ther'll be no bloodshed. But if you're thinking of resisting, we'll kill you all and blow up the ship."
They stole at least 16,000 roubles, Stalin left each sailor a 10 rouble tip for not resisting. The officers were held hostage in a lifeboat till all the cash was delivered, the sailors then rowed the Bolsheviks ashore.
The alarm was not raised for seven hours, none of them were caught.
References
Joseph Stalin
Bolshevik finance
1906 crimes in the Russian Empire
Robberies in Russia
Crime in Russia
This is list of archives in Venezuela.
Archives in Venezuela
Archivo General de la Nación de Venezuela
Archivo General del Estado de Lara
Archivo General del Estado de Mérida
Archivo General del Estado de Táchira
Archivo Histórico del Estado Trujillo
See also
List of archives
List of libraries in Venezuela
List of museums in Venezuela
Culture of Venezuela
Portal de Archivos Españoles (federated search of archives in Spain)
External links
http://www.agn.gob.ve
General Archives database (all)
Venezuela
Archives
Archives
In Color or In Colour may refer to:
In Color (album), a 1977 album by Cheap Trick
"In Color" (song), a song by Jamey Johnson
In Colour (The Concretes album), 2006
In Colour (Jamie xx album), 2015
...In Color, a 2008 EP by The Summer Set
See also
Color photography
Film colorization
Color television
Color (disambiguation)
Swope is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Chandler Swope, American politician from West Virginia; West Virginia State Senator 2017–present
Earl Swope (1922–1968), American jazz trombonist; brother of Rob Swope
Gerard Swope (1872–1957), American business person; president of General Electric 1922–44
Guy J. Swope (1892–1969), American politician from Pennsylvania; U.S. representative 1937–39; governor of Puerto Rico 1941
Henrietta Hill Swope (1902–1980), American astronomer
Herbert Bayard Swope (1882–1958), American journalist and editor; said to have coined the term cold war
John Augustus Swope (1827–1910), American politician from Pennsylvania; U.S representative 1884–87
King Swope (1893–1961), American politician from Kentucky; U.S. representative 1919–21
Martin Swope (born 1955), American tape manipulator and sound engineer
Michael Sheldon Swope (1843-1929), American jeweler; benefactor of the Swope Art Museum
Richard T. Swope (1942-2011), United States Air Force lieutenant general; Inspector General of the United States Air Force
Rob Swope (1926–1967), American jazz trombonist; brother of Earl Swope
Sam Swope, American author of children's stories
Samuel F. Swope (1809–1865), American lawyer and politician from Kentucky; U.S. representative 1855–57
Thomas H. Swope (1827–1909), American real estate magnate and philanthropist
See also
Putney Swope, a 1969 film written and directed by Robert Downey, Sr.
Swope Supernova Survey, astronomical telescope system
T. Raghumurthy (born 10 June 1963) is a politician from the state of Karnataka.  They are a member of Indian National Congress. They won as MLA from Challakere Assembly constituency 2018.
Positions held
2013: Elected to Karnataka Legislative Assembly.
2018: Re-elected to Karnataka Legislative Assembly.
References
Living people
1963 births
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
People from Karnataka
People from Chitradurga district
Karnataka MLAs 2013–2018
Karnataka MLAs 2018–2023
Sir James South FRS FRSE PRAS FLS LLD (October 1785 – 19 October 1867) was a British astronomer.
They were a joint founder of the Astronomical Society of London, and it was under their name, as President of the Society in 1831, that a petition was successfully submitted to obtain a Royal Charter, whereupon it became the Royal Astronomical Society.
Life
They were born in Southwark in London in October 1785, the son of James South, a pharmaceutical chemist. John Flint South was their younger half-brother. They originally trained as a chemist, then as a surgeon, but their interests in astronomy overtook all things.
In 1821 they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London and in 1822 a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh their proposer being Edward Troughton.
They won the Copley Medal in 1826 and the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in that same year.
They were knighted by King William IV in 1831.
Starting around 1826, James South made plans for a new, larger telescope, an equatorially mounted achromatic refractor (a telescope with a lens) in a new observatory. They bought a 12-inch (actually about 11.8) aperture lens from Robert-Aglaé Cauchoix in Paris for about 1000 pounds, large enough to be the biggest achromatic object lens in the world at the time. The telescope for the lens was completed, but dismantled around 1838. The next largest refractor, was at the Markree Observatory, which successfully completed a 13.3-inch refractor (also a Cauchoix of Paris lens) in the 1830s on a Thomas Grubb mount. The problem for James South's telescope was the equatorial mount.
South was involved in a notorious lawsuit brought against them by the instrument maker Edward Troughton over this equatorial-mount telescope which the latter had constructed for him, and which South considered defective. Troughton sued them for payment and won. South promptly demolished the telescope mount; the 12-inch lens, which had been purchased separately, was preserved and presented to the (Dublin) Dunsink Observatory in 1862. The Observatory mounted it on a Grubb equatorial, where it survives to the present day. (See also Great refractors)
James was the second owner of the Groombridge Transit Circle of 1806 (after Stephen Groombridge).
They died at the observatory on Campden Hill on 19 October 1867 and was buried on the west side of Highgate Cemetery.
Family
In 1816 they married Charlotte Ellis (d.1851). They were an heiress and their new-found wealth enabled them to give up surgery and concentrate on astronomy.
Works
South and John Herschel jointly produced a catalogue of 380 double stars in 1824, reobserving many of the double stars that had been discovered by William Herschel. South then continued and observed another 458 double stars over the following year.
Recognition
Craters on Mars and the Moon are named in their honour.
References
London Metropolitan Archives Reference Number: P92/SAV/3009
National Portrait Gallery portrait
Wikisource copy of a notice from 1823 concerning the star catalogue, published in Astronomische Nachrichten
MNRAS 28 (1868) 69
Further reading
History of Cauchoix objectives
The South Telescope of Dunsink Observatory, Authors: Wayman, P. A., Journal: Irish Astronomical Journal, vol. 8(8), p. 274
Internet Archive 2010
Kensington Observatory (Campden Hill) (Google Books 2010)
Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, Volume 28, By Royal Astronomical Society: Sir James South, Page 69-72
External links
The auction of instruments at Observatory House, Campden Hill - 19th Century
1785 births
1867 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
19th-century British astronomers
Fellows of the Royal Society
Recipients of the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society
Recipients of the Copley Medal
Presidents of the Royal Astronomical Society
Recipients of the Lalande Prize
William Forwood (born 21 October 1946) was an Australian politician. They were the Liberal member of the Victorian Legislative Council from 1992 to 2006, representing Templestowe Province.
Forwood is now Strategic Counsel for CPR Communications and Public Relations.
Origins
Forwood was born in Adelaide, and began their high school education there, but graduated from the prestigious Geelong Grammar School in Victoria. They studied at the University of Melbourne, and briefly became a journalist with the Herald and Weekly Times. They quickly changed careers however, becoming a manager at a grocery company for several years.
In 1975, Forwood moved to Canberra to work as a public servant. The following year, however, they again changed careers, moving to South Australia to work as a farmer. They returned to a business career in 1980, taking on a position as a merchant banker, and over the next twelve years, worked in a variety of management positions, including being Finance Director of the Victorian Liberal Party.
During the 1980s, Forwood also spent a two-year stint as one of two vice-presidents of the Northern Territory's Country Liberal Party. Their stint in this role, shared with future Chief Minister Shane Stone, coincided with the ousting of Chief Minister Ian Tuxworth and the creation of the rival Northern Territory Nationals party, leaving them among those tasked with reuniting a fractured party organisation in its aftermath in 1986–87.
Legislative Council
Forwood won pre-selection for the Legislative Council seat of Templestowe Province at the 1992 election, by defeating a low-profile sitting Liberal MLC, John Miles, and went on to win the seat. In their early years in office, they served stints on the Law Reform and Legislative Council Privileges Committees. In 1996, they were appointed as Chair of the Public Accounts and Estimates Committee, before receiving their first ministerial appointment in 1998, when they were appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Premier. This was to be relatively short-lived, however, as Liberal Premier Jeff Kennett was defeated in a surprise result the following year.
After the election loss, Forwood was promoted to Shadow Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, Deputy Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council, Shadow Minister for Small Business and Consumer Affairs, and Shadow Minister for Tourism. They also continued in their work with the Public Accounts and Estimates Committee - albeit as Deputy Chairman. In 2000, they gained the portfolio of Rural and Regional Development at the expense of Aboriginal Affairs. In 2001, Forwood found themselves promoted again, as they succeeded Mark Birrell as Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council, and was also made Shadow Minister for Industrial Relations.
The Liberal Party had not been tipped to win the 2002 election, but it became one of the worst results in the party's history, losing an array of seats, including several Shadow Ministers. Forwood was not up for re-election, but they were nevertheless a casualty of the election - in the aftermath of the devastating result, they were dumped as Leader in the Legislative Council in favor of Philip Davis, and also lost the Industrial Relations portfolio. After a brief spell as Shadow Minister for Conservation and Environment, they gained the portfolios of Energy Industries (since renamed to Resources and Energy) and WorkCover in 2002.
In addition to their shadow ministerial portfolios, Forwood was the Deputy Chair of the Public Accounts and Estimates Committee, and sat on the Legislative Council Privileges Committee.
Forwood retired at the 2006 state election.
References
1946 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
21st-century Australian politicians
People educated at Geelong Grammar School
The One-Handed Girl is a Swahili fairy tale, collected by Edward Steere in Swahili Tales. Andrew Lang included it in The Lilac Fairy Book.
It is Aarne-Thompson type 706. Other variants of this tale include The Girl Without Hands, The Armless Maiden, Penta of the Chopped-off Hands and Biancabella and the Snake.
Synopsis
A dying man asked their children which they would have: their property or their blessing. Their son wanted their property, and their daughter their blessing. They died. Soon after, their wife died as well, and again, the son wanted their property and the daughter their blessing. They died. The brother left their sister only a pot and a vessel, but people borrowed their pot and gave them corn for it, so the sister survived. One day, they had a pumpkin seed and planted it, and then had pumpkins as well. Them brother, envious, stole their pot and mortar, but they were able to replace them by selling their pumpkins. Them brother's wife sent a slave to buy one, and the sister gave them one for free, though there were few left, so the wife sent another slave, and this one the sister had to send away, because there were none left. The wife wept and told the brother that their sister would sell pumpkins to other people but not to them Enraged, the brother went to cut the sister's pumpkin patch down. Their sister told them that if they did, they would cut off their hand with it, but putting their hand on it did them no good: they cut it off while chopping down the vines. Then they sold the house they lived in.
The sister wandered about, sleeping every night in trees. One day, a king's son rested under the tree where they rested, and was woken by their tears. They married them They had a baby, in bed. Them brother had lost all their wealth, and came by that city. Hearing of the woman who had lost one hand but married the prince, they knew they were their sister. They persuaded their husband's parents that they were a witch whose hand had been cut off in punishment. They would not kill her, but put them out with their child. They left with only an earthen pot to cook in. In the woods, a snake asked them to hide it in the pot from a larger snake. When they did, it told them to bathe in a certain pond. They did, and lost their baby in the waters. The snake told them to feel for them with both hands; they found them again, and their lost hand was restored. Then it took their home to its parents, who were grateful to them for saving it. Meanwhile, their brother rose high in the king's favor.
The prince had fallen ill on their journey, so that their parents did not know them when they returned until they spoke. Then they were glad, but told them that their wife and child were dead.
One day, the sister said that they had to go see their husband. At the snake's suggestions, they asked its father for a ring, and its mother for a casket. They told them that the ring would give them food, clothing, and shelter, and the casket would protect them from harm. Near the town where their husband and their father lived, they used the ring to make themselves a house to live. The king heard of it and brought their son and ministers, including the brother, to see who lived there. They told them their story. Them husband recognized them and took them back, and their brother was thrown out of town.
See also
The Enchanted Watch
Molly Whuppie
References
Further reading
Alvarez-Péreyre, Frank. "Ruelland, S., La fille sans mains". In: Journal de la Société des Africanistes, 1974, tome 44, fascicule 2. pp. 215-216. www.persee.fr/doc/jafr_0037-9166_1974_num_44_2_1757_t1_0215_0000_2
One-Handed Girl
Female characters in fairy tales
One-Handed Girl
One-Handed Girl
One-Handed Girl
ATU 700-749
Edward Steere
Same-sex marriage in Sonora has been legal since 22 October 2021. On 23 September 2021, the Congress of Sonora voted 25–8 to pass a law legalizing same-sex marriage. The legislation was published in the state's official gazette on 21 October, and took effect the following day. Sonora was the 21st Mexican state to open marriage to same-sex couples.
Previously, same-sex couples could briefly marry in Sonora between 11 May and 18 May 2016. On 11 May, the civil registry announced that same-sex couples could receive marriage licenses without having to file an amparo in court. However, Governor Claudia Pavlovich Arellano ordered a stop to this directive on 18 May.
Legal history
Background
An important recognition case was filed in 2013. A male same-sex couple, who had married in Mexico City in July 2012, returned to Sonora and attempted to enroll as a couple in the Institute for Social Security and Services for State Workers of Sonora, a social security program. They were denied admittance on 8 October 2012 and filed an amparo with a court in Culiacán, Sinaloa. On 9 October 2013, the court granted the amparo, ruling that the human right to form a family without discrimination had been violated.
In early May 2014, a lesbian couple was denied a marriage license by the civil registry office in the municipality of San Luis Río Colorado. On 26 May 2014, they filed an amparo in the Fifth District Court of the Fifteenth Circuit in Mexicali, Baja California. A hearing was held on 17 September 2014, and the couple received a favorable ruling on 22 October 2014. Their wedding was scheduled to take place at the civil registry office in the small town of Luis B. Sanchez on 13 February 2015, but was held in a private home with the consent and participation of registry officials. Their wedding was the first same-sex marriage in Sonora. A second lesbian couple applied for a marriage license on 11 August 2014. Similarly to the previous couple, they were denied a license by civil registry officials and filed an amparo in court. The amparo was granted in February 2015.
On 12 June 2015, the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation ruled that state bans on same-sex marriage are unconstitutional nationwide. The court's ruling is considered a "jurisprudential thesis" and did not invalidate state laws, meaning that same-sex couples denied the right to marry would still have to seek individual amparos in court. The ruling standardized the procedures for judges and courts throughout Mexico to approve all applications for same-sex marriages and made the approval mandatory. The court based its decision on Article 4 of the Constitution of Mexico, which respects matrimonial equality: "Man and woman are equal under the law. The law shall protect the organization and development of the family" (). Emboldened by the Supreme Court ruling, same-sex couples from across the state filed amparos for the right to marry. By 1 September 2016, 26 same-sex couples had sought an amparo in Sonora, with all of them being granted by the courts.
Legislative action
A bill to legalize same-sex marriage was introduced to the Congress of Sonora by former Labor Party candidate for governor, Miguel Angel Haro Moren, in January 2010. The proposal was rejected in February 2010, and the state later filed an unsuccessful constitutional challenge against recognizing Mexico City same-sex marriages in Sonora.
On 2 August 2021, Judge Antonio Mora from the Thirteenth Federal District Court ordered Congress to pass a same-sex marriage law by December 2021. Mora wrote in their ruling that the inaction of the Sonora Congress "perpetuate the notion that same-sex couples are less deserving of recognition than heterosexual couples, thereby offending their human dignity and integrity." The court ordered changes to article 2 of the Family Code, which defined the family as being based on the "matrimonial union or concubinage of a man and a woman", article 11, which defined marriage as "the legitimate union of a man and a woman", and article 102, which explicitly banned marriages between people of the same sex. On 23 September 2021, the Congress of Sonora approved a same-sex marriage bill introduced by deputies Ivanna Celeste Taddei Arriola and Rosa Elena Trijullo, in a 25–8 vote. The bill was supported by most deputies from the National Regeneration Movement, the Institutional Revolutionary Party, the Labor Party and other smaller parties, but opposed by the conservative National Action Party. The law was published in the state's official gazette on 21 October, without newly-elected Governor Alfonso Durazo's signature, and took effect the following day, 22 October 2021.
The law ensures that married same-sex couples enjoy the same rights, benefits and responsibilities as married opposite-sex couples, including tax benefits, immigration rights, property rights, inheritance, etc. The first same-sex marriage performed under the new law was conducted in Hermosillo between Héctor Huerta and Carlos Silva on 22 October.
Article 11 of the Family Code of Sonora was amended to read as follows:
in Spanish:
(Marriage is a public and social institution; it is the legitimate union of two people, with the express purpose of integrating a family, reciprocal respect and mutual protection. Any provision contrary to these purposes, agreed to by the spouses, shall be deemed not established.)
Brief legalization in May 2016
On 11 May 2016, the director of the civil registry, Martha Julissa Bojórquez Castillo, announced that same-sex couples could begin marrying in the state without the need to file an amparo in court. They justified this by stating that more than 12 amparos had been granted to same-sex couples in Sonora, but under Mexican law, only 5 such amparos are necessary to make the state's offending provisions in the Family Code null and inoperable.
The move caused immediate backlash from conservative and evangelical groups. The civil registrar of Navojoa announced they would not comply with the decision. Several deputies from across the political spectrum, however, expressed their support for the decision and called for explicit amendments to the Family Code. On 18 May 2016, Governor Claudia Pavlovich Arellano ordered all civil registrars in the state to stop marrying same-sex couples, arguing that the Family Code of Sonora prohibited same-sex marriages and that the state would continue to abide by those laws (even though the articles in the Family Code banning same-sex marriage had already been declared inoperable and unconstitutional).
Native Mexicans
Some Native Mexican peoples have traditions of two-spirit individuals who filed the role of a third gender. The Pima people call them (, plural: ʼuʼuikvaḍ). Pima two-spirit individuals did not cross-dress but "act[ed], talk[ed], and express[ed] themselves like members of the opposite sex, showing an interest in duties and work of the other sex, and a marked preference for their companionship." According to Pima mythology, "many years ago it happened that in the Pima country there was a shortage of materials for making bows and arrows. They sent word to the Pagago. The Papago cut wood for bows and arrow-weed for arrow shafts. They also collected feathers and sinew. They put these materials in two net carrying frames. Two Papago boys placed these women's carrying devices on their backs and brought the materials to the Pima. When the boys returned home they became berdaches." It is likely that they were able to marry men. If so, this would have allowed for marriages between two biological males to be performed in the tribe.
Modern terms for a gay or lesbian person include () in the Seri language and () in the Yaqui language, but it is not believed that they traditionally occupied a similar cultural role as the Pima ʼuvïkvaḍ.
Marriage statistics
Two women married in Nogales on 5 April 2017, making them the first same-sex couple to marry in the city. A second same-sex marriage occurred in the same city later that same month. The first same-sex marriage in Guaymas was performed on 8 April 2017. By June 2017, 23 same-sex marriages had been performed in the state; 15 in Hermosillo and the remainder in Nogales, Guaymas, San Luis Río Colorado and Puerto Peñasco. 32 same-sex couples married in the state between May 2015 and November 2017.
Public opinion
A 2017 opinion poll conducted by Gabinete de Comunicación Estratégica found that 50% of Sonora residents supported same-sex marriage, while 46% were opposed.
According to a 2018 survey by the National Institute of Statistics and Geography, 31% of the Sonora public opposed same-sex marriage, the third lowest in all of Mexico behind Baja California (31%) and Mexico City (29%)
See also
Same-sex marriage in Mexico
LGBT rights in Mexico
Notes
References
Sonora
Sonora
2021 in LGBT history
The Mocímboa da Praia offensive was a six day long offensive in northern Mozambique by Islamic State's Central African Province (IS-CAP) to capture the town of 30,000. The offensive, part of the insurgency in Cabo Delgado, was a major success for IS-CAP, as they captured Mocímboa da Praia.
Offensive
The offensive actions started on August 5, 2020 when IS-CAP insurgents attacked the villages of Anga, 1 de Maio, Awasse, and the outskirts of Mocímboa da Praia on the same night. On August 6, IS-CAP attacked two military bases in Mocímboa da Praia, killing or wounding 50 soldiers and seizing dozens of rifles and RPG-7s. The government also repeated an attempted assault on the city, killing 16 insurgents. On August 8, the government pulled out of Ntotue, a strategic town in between Mocímboa da Praia and Awasse. On August 9, IS-CAP took the town of Awasse and were in control of the outskirts of Mocímboa da Praia. A well-carried out ambush took place on Sunday just before Awasse, killing 55 recruits and injuring 90 more. By the 10th the city of Mocímboa da Praia was completely cut off from food and ammunition. South Africa's Dyck Advisory Group attempted to airdrop ammunition onto the city under siege but dropped it too far from the Mozambican military. As a result, the Mozambicans suffered casualties trying to recover the supplies. On Tuesday, August 11, the Mozambican army, outnumbered and low on ammunition, was forced to retreat by boat from the city. In the retreat, an HV32 interceptor vessel was hit with an RPG and sank. 55 soldiers were killed in running battles during the siege of the city. The insurgents lost a total of 70 men during the battle for the city.
Aftermath
Following the offensive, IS-CAP declared Mocímboa da Praia its capital. Several local civilians welcomed the rebels, and were reportedly seen cheering them on. Despite attempts by the Mozambican security forces to retake the town, it remained under rebel control as of March 2021.
A combination of Rwandan and Mozambican forces launched an effort to retake the city at the beginning of August 2021. This offensive was ultimately successful.
As Mocímboa da Praia has traditionally served as a major hub for smuggling in narcotics and minerals, observes believe that the conquest has allowed IS-CAP to impose taxes which provide it with a steady revenue stream.
See also
Battle of Palma
2021 Cabo Delgado offensives
References
2020 in Mozambique
Conflicts in 2020
Separatism in Mozambique
Cabo Delgado Province
Wars involving Mozambique
Dicarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species
Species within the genus Dicarpa include:
Dicarpa antarctica Monniot & Monniot, 1977
Dicarpa atlantica Millar, 1964
Dicarpa cornicula (Monniot, 1978)
Dicarpa fibrata Monniot, 1997
Dicarpa insinuosa (Sluiter, 1912)
Dicarpa intritae Monniot & Monniot, 1976
Dicarpa lata Monniot & Monniot, 1976
Dicarpa mysogyna Monniot & Monniot, 1982
Dicarpa pacifica Millar, 1964
Dicarpa simplex Millar, 1955
Dicarpa spinifera Monniot & Monniot, 1976
Dicarpa tricostata (Millar, 1960)
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Dicarpa mysogyna Monniot & Monniot, 1983: synonym of Dicarpa mysogyna Monniot & Monniot, 1982
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Hans Ris (June 15, 1914 – November 19, 2004) was an American cytologist and pioneer electron microscopist. Their studies of chromosome structure revealed the importance of non-histone proteins, and along with evolutionary biologist Lynn Margulis, they were one of the first to recognize that blue-green algae were a special type of bacteria. They coined the term genophore for prokaryote DNA to highlight its differences from the eukaryal chromosome. Ris was a founding member of the American Society for Cell Biology and received the Distinguished Scientist Award by the Microscopy Society of America in 1983.
Biography
Hans Ris was born in Bern, Switzerland on 15 June 1914, where they also grew up. Inspired by the works of the French entomologist Jean Henri Fabre, they observed the habits of ants, wasps and bees. They came to America in 1938 to work with B.H. Willier at Rochester, New York. After receiving their doctorate at Columbia University they moved to Johns Hopkins and later to the laboratory of Alfred Mirsky at Rockefeller University, where they studied the structure of chromosomes. They then went to the zoology department of the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1949, where they started to work with electron microscopes. In 1972 they established the High Voltage Electron Microscopy (HVEM) laboratory within the University of Wisconsin-Madison. They retired at age 75, but remained Emeritus Investigator of the University of Wisconsin's Integrated Microscopy Resource (IMR) and continued to work on high-resolution images of the nuclear pore complex.
Hans Ris Seminar Series
The Laboratory of Optical and Computational Instrumentation (LOCI) in collaboration with the Center for Quantitative Cell Imaging at the University of Wisconsin-Madison hosts an annual seminar series honoring Ris, who oversaw the installation of one of the nation's first high-voltage electron microscopes in the former location of LOCI. Ris remained Emeritus Investigator of the IMR until their death in 2004.
Hans Ris Seminar Series Featured Speakers:
2022: Wolfgang Baumeister; Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry
2019: Davi Bock; University of Vermont and Janelia Farms
2018: Tatyana Svitkina; University of Pennsylvania
2017: Erik M. Jorgensen; University of Utah
2016: David H. Hall; Albert Einstein College
2015: Kent McDonald; UC Berkeley
2014: Wah Chiu; Baylor College of Medicine
2013: Thomas Müller-Reichert; Technische Universität Dresden
2012: Mark E. Ellisman; UC San Diego
Selected works
Mirsky, A. E., and Hans Ris. "Variable and constant components of chromosomes." Nature 163.4148 (1949): 666-666.
Mirsky, A. E., and Hans Ris. "The desoxyribonucleic acid content of animal cells and its evolutionary significance." The Journal of general physiology 34.4 (1951): 451.
Peterson, JOAN B., and Hans Ris. "Electron-microscopic study of the spindle and chromosome movement in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae." Journal of cell science 22.2 (1976): 219-242.
References
External links
Memorial Resolution of the faculty of the University of Wisconsin-Madison
microscopy.wisc.edu/hansris
Hans Ris – from chromatin fibres, through nuclear tracks, to nuclear pores
Electron Microscopy image of female chromosome by H. Ris
1914 births
2004 deaths
Scientists from Bern
American biologists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Cell biologists
20th-century biologists
Swiss emigrants to the United States
John Francis Banzhaf III (; born July 2, 1940) is an American public interest lawyer, legal activist and law professor at George Washington University Law School.  They are the founder of an antismoking advocacy group, Action on Smoking and Health.  They are noted for their advocacy and use of lawsuits as a method to promote what they believe is the public interest.
Life and education
Banzhaf was born July 2, 1940, in New York City. They graduated at the age of 15 from Manhattan's Stuyvesant High School, one of the three academically elite high-schools of the NYC Public School System. They went on to graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and from Columbia Law School with a Juris Doctor.
Career
Banzhaf filed a complaint with the Maryland's Attorney Grievance Commission against Prosecutor Marilyn Mosby, the State's attorney of Baltimore, saying they did not have probable cause to charge six officers in the death of Freddie Gray, and also that they repeatedly withheld evidence from the officers' defense attorneys. They compared them to Mike Nifong and their handling of the Duke lacrosse case.
Contributions to law and public policy
Copyright of computer software
Banzhaf got an early start in legal advocacy. While still a student in law school, they were assigned to research and draft a note for the Columbia Law Review on whether computer programs and other software could be protected under U.S. copyright law. The United States Patent Office had previously declined to grant any patents on software, and no computer program copyrights had ever been recognized. As part of their research, Banzhaf sought to register copyrights on two programs they had written: one in printed form, and the other recorded on magnetic tape. In 1964, the United States Copyright Office registered two copyrights of Banzhaf, thereby recognizing for the first time the validity of this new form of legal protection.
One year later, they testified at a congressional hearing at which they urged, ultimately successfully, that the long-awaited revision of US copyright law should expressly recognize computer and data processing issues.
Measuring the power of voting blocs in a committee
Banzhaf studied the Nassau County Board's voting system, which allocated the total of 30 votes to its municipalities as follows:
Hempstead #1: 9
Hempstead #2: 9
North Hempstead: 7
Oyster Bay: 3
Glen Cove: 1
Long Beach: 1
A simple majority of 16 votes sufficed to win a vote.
In Banzhaf's notation, [Hempstead #1, Hempstead #2, North Hempstead, Oyster Bay, Glen Cove, Long Beach] are A-F in [16; 9, 9, 7, 3, 1, 1]
There are 32 winning coalitions, and 48 swing votes:
AB AC BC ABC ABD ABE ABF ACD ACE ACF BCD BCE BCF ABCD ABCE ABCF ABDE ABDF ABEF ACDE ACDF ACEF BCDE BCDF BCEF ABCDE ABCDF ABCEF ABDEF ACDEF BCDEF ABCDEF
Banzhaf proposed an index, now known as the "Banzhaf index", to measure the power of each municipality:
Hempstead #1 = 1/3
Hempstead #2 = 1/3
North Hempstead = 1/3
Oyster Bay = 0
Glen Cove = 0
Long Beach = 0
Banzhaf argued that a voting arrangement that gives zero power to one sixth of the county's population is unfair, and sued the board. Today, the Banzhaf power index is an accepted way to measure voting power, along with the Shapley–Shubik power index.
Teaching
Banzhaf has utilized a clinical-project format in some of their law classes, rather than a more traditional lecture and academic study format. Students are divided into teams and asked to work on some genuine consumer problems.
One of the students' high-profile projects was a suit against former Vice-President Spiro Agnew seeking to force them to repay the bribes they accepted while Governor of Maryland. Agnew was ordered to repay the state the $147,500 in kickbacks, with interest of $101,235, for a total of $248,735. The project was started in 1976 by three students in Banzhaf's class on public interest law. The students recruited three Maryland residents to carry the suit.
Another case that attracted much attention targeted the McDonald's restaurant chain. One of Banzhaf's students, James Pizzirusso, successfully sued McDonald's in 2001 for precooking their French fries in beef fat and not warning vegetarians and beef-avoiders about it; in 2002 they won a class-action settlement of $12.5 million.
Tobacco
Much of Banzhaf's tobacco work has been done through the non-profit group Action on Smoking and Health, which they founded in 1967.
Television advertising
In late 1966, John Banzhaf asked a local television station, WCBS-TV, to provide air time for announcements against smoking. The station refused, so Banzhaf filed a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in 1967. The FCC's fairness doctrine required broadcasters to provide free air time to opposing views of matters of public controversy. In their complaint, Banzhaf argued that tobacco advertisements were broadcasting only pro-smoking messages; they argued that, as a public service, the broadcasters should be required to show an equal number of anti-smoking messages.
On June 2, 1967, the FCC announced its decision that its fairness doctrine applied to the request for anti-smoking announcements. The FCC stated that the public should hear an anti-smoking viewpoint. However, the FCC required only the ratio of one anti-smoking message for each four cigarette advertisements (not the one-to-one ratio suggested by Banzhaf).
The tobacco industry appealed against this decision, but it was upheld by the United States Court of Appeals and the United States Supreme Court declined to hear the case. "Various governmental and voluntary health organizations made extremely creative spots and provided them to stations." In response, tobacco companies offered to stop all advertising on television, if this coordinated action was granted immunity from antitrust laws; they further agreed to have warning labels on cigarette packages and advertising. Tobacco ads ceased to appear on television in the United States at the end of 1970 (on 1 January 1971). Cigarette advertising shifted to print media. Consequently, anti-smoking announcements were no longer required to satisfy the FCC's fairness doctrine.
Passive smoking
In the late 1960s, Banzhaf and the Action on Smoking and Health worked against passive smoking. In 1969, Ralph Nader had petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration to ban smoking on all flights, when Banzhaf petitioned the FAA to require separate smoking and nonsmoking sections on domestic flights. Nader's petition and Banzhaf's petition each failed to change FAA policies, because passive smoking had not yet been recognized as a serious health hazard.
In 1972, both Nader and Banzhaf filed petitions with the Civil Aeronautics Board, which largely granted their petitions. However, many airlines failed fully to comply with the regulations. The Action on Smoking and Health sued the CAB in 1979, claiming that legally mandated enforcement was inadequate. When the Reagan administration came into office in 1981, it weakened enforcement of the previous CAB rules.
Obesity
In the early 2000s, Banzhaf has focused their efforts against obesity, following the 2001 Surgeon General's report on obesity. In particular, Banzhaf has criticized the contracts for soft-drink machines in schools and McDonald's, alleging that both have helped to contribute to childhood obesity.
In 2003, Banzhaf began criticizing "pouring rights" contracts, which they called "Cokes for Kickbacks" contracts. Under these contracts with school districts, soft-drink companies place vending machines in schools; the districts receive a commission on the sales. Banzhaf has written that such contracts have increased soft-drink consumption and thereby contributed to the epidemic of childhood obesity.
In their advocacy against childhood obesity, Banzhaf has criticized McDonald's. In 2002, they filed a lawsuit claiming product liability against McDonald's, claiming that false advertising by McDonald's contributes to childhood obesity. Obesity and McDonald's were discussed in the 2004 film Super Size Me by Morgan Spurlock, in which Banzhaf is repeatedly interviewed. In one scene, Spurlock and Banzhaf have a discussion while eating at McDonald's. In their 2005 book, Spurlock quoted Banzhaf explanation of why litigious campaigns have had more success than legislative campaigns:
Politics
Richard Nixon
Banzhaf filed a motion requesting that the federal government appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the role of the White House in what became known as the Watergate scandal. American University history professor Allan Lichtman stated that Banzhaf "was the first to seriously raise the issue in a public way. They certainly put it in the minds of members of Congress and was a contributing factor," despite that the motion was denied, in establishing a path for the appointment of future special prosecutors, which then led to the resignation of Richard Nixon.
Spiro Agnew
Following publication their memoir, Go Quietly, former vice-president Spiro Agnew gave a rare television interview in 1980, after which Banzhaf's students located three Maryland residents that sought to have Agnew repay the state $268,482, in repayment for kickbacks that they were alleged to have received while in office. In 1981, a judge ruled that "Mr. Agnew had no lawful right to this money under any theory," and ordered restitution as $147,500 in bribes and $101,235 in interest. After two unsuccessful appeals by Agnew, they finally paid the sum in 1983. In 1989, Agnew applied unsuccessfully for this sum to be treated as tax-deductible.
Donald Trump
In December 2020, complaints written to Georgia state authorities by Banzhaf charged that, while President of the United States, Donald J. Trump appeared to violate three Georgia penal codes during a leaked and subsequently widely publicized phone call of January 2, 2021 with Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger. Banzhaf cited Conspiracy to Commit Election Fraud (§ 21-2-603), Criminal Solicitation to Commit Election Fraud (§ 21-2-604), and Intentional Interference With Performance of Election Duties (§ 21-2-597) during the January 2, 2021 call; the complaints resulted in two criminal investigations by the Fulton County district attorney.
Criticisms
Banzhaf's advocacy has drawn criticism. In 2006, Ezra Levant wrote in the National Post, "Banzhaf was the health-law strategist who destroyed the concept of personal responsibility when it came to smoking."
Addressing the charge that their legal campaigns and victories have reduced personal responsibility, according to the Hartford Courant, Banzhaf replied with a rhetorical question:
Banzhaf was criticized for their 2011 lawsuits and Human Rights charges against the Catholic University of America. The first was a gender-discrimination lawsuit in response to President John H. Garvey's decision to implement same sex dorms on campus. Later in 2011, Banzhaf filed a complaint with the DC Office of Human Rights claiming Muslim students were being discriminated against because of lack of adequate prayer space. According to Banzhaf, the charge came as a response to a 2010 article in CUA's student newspaper about Muslim students at CUA, in which no complaints were made.
Adrian Brune wrote in American Lawyer (2005) that Banzhaf had had conflicts with the Frontiers of Freedom Institute,
which operated a web site, banzhafwatch.com, with the slogan "Keeping an eye on the man who wants to sue America", until mid-2006. Reason, a libertarian magazine published a critical article by Charles Paul Freund in 2002. Writer Richard Kluger criticized Banzhaf's leadership of the Action on Smoking and Health.
See also
Banzhaf power index
Potty parity
Notes and references
Bibliography
External links
Banzhaf Power Index Includes power index estimates for the 1990s U.S. Electoral College.
Computer Algorithms for Voting Power Analysis Web-based algorithms for voting power analysis
American legal scholars
Anti-smoking activists
Voting theorists
Game theorists
George Washington University Law School faculty
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Stuyvesant High School alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
1940 births
Living people
American health activists
