Aethiopsestis echinata is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Watson in 1965. It is found in Zimbabwe.
References
Endemic fauna of Zimbabwe
Moths described in 1965
Thyatirinae
Moths of Africa
Beaver Dam (officially, Township of Beaver Dam) is a township in Cumberland County, North Carolina, United States. It is situated at an elevation of 115 feet (35 m).
References
Populated places in Cumberland County, North Carolina
Oxyothespis dumonti, common name North African grass mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the family Toxoderidae. It is found in Africa.
See also
African mantis
Grass mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
dumonti
Mantodea of Africa
Insects described in 1941
Endemic fauna of Tunisia
Rome is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. Rome is located on U.S. Route 29, southwest of Andalusia, and is located entirely within the Conecuh National Forest.
History
The community was likely named after Rome, Georgia, which was in turn named for Rome. A post office operated under the name Rome from 1871 to 1907.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Embryonic diapause (from late 19th century English: dia- ‘through' + pause- 'delay') (aka delayed implantation) is a reproductive strategy used by several animal species across a number of kingdoms, including approximately 130 different mammals. In mammalian embryonic diapause, the embryonic blastocyst does not immediately implant in the uterus after sexual reproduction has created the zygote, but rather remains in a state of dormancy. Little to no development takes place while the embryo remains unattached to the uterine wall. As a result, the normal gestation period is extended for a species-specific time.
While much of the molecular regulation involved in activating dormant blastocysts has been characterized, little is still known about entry into diapause, and the conditions which enable a blastocyst to remain dormant.
Some mammals that undergo embryonic diapause include rodents, bears, armadillos, mustelids (e.g. weasels and badgers), and marsupials (e.g. kangaroos). Some groups only have one species that undergoes embryonic diapause, such as the roe deer in the order Artiodactyla.
Purpose
Mammals may undergo diapause to avoid the risk to their own lives during unfavourable and/or environmental conditions.
Embryonic diapause is used to delay the birth of offspring until favorable metabolic and/or environmental conditions are available. Reproduction has a large energy cost and it is beneficial to have ideal conditions (e.g. available food, mild weather, previous offspring weaned) to ensure the offspring survives before giving birth.
Types
Two types of mammalian embryonic diapause have been identified.
Facultative diapause
Facultative diapause is also known as lactational delayed implantation due to its regulation via lactation. If a female copulates while still lactating for a previous litter, the suckling stimulus will cause the embryos to enter into diapause. This is known to occur in some rodents, insectivores and marsupials.
Obligate diapause
Obligate diapause is also known as seasonal delayed implantation and is a mechanism that allows mammals to time the birth of their offspring for favorable environmental conditions. This mechanism occurs as a regular part of the reproductive cycle in mammals such as armadillos, all species of pinniped, many mustelids, all ursids, one species of fruit bat, and the roe deer.
References
Developmental biology
he:דיאפאוזה
pl:Ciąża przedłużona
fi:Diapaussi
Brohi Charan (also called Brahui Charan; IAST: Brohī Cāraṇa; IPA: broːɦiː cɑːrəɳə; Sindhi: براہوئی ڪريڻي‎) are a Brahui-Baloch Sindhi speaking ethno-linguistic group residing in the Sindh and Balochistan provinces of Pakistan. Brohi Charans are the traditional priests of the Hinglaj shrines in Balochistan and Thatta.
Origins
Historically, Charans lived around the Sindh-Balochistan region prior to the medieval age. From the 7-8th century onwards, the Charan population began eastern migration in waves towards the neighboring Rajasthan & Kutch regions.
Some of the Charan clans who lived in this region included Mishran, Tumbel, and Brohi. In time, the remaining Charan population of these clans converted to Islam. Over time, the remnant Charan community converted to Islam and this region of Hinglaj was given to the Balochistan province of Pakistan after independence.
Hinglaj Tradition
The Brohi Charan community was historically associated with the worship and caretaking of the Hinglaj shrine. Charans are historically known as primary worshippers of the goddess Hinglaj. Hinglaj is considered as a Mahashakti' born among the Charan community in present-day Nagar Thatta in Sindh.
Some scholars like Samaur give the origin of Hinglaj as belonging to the Gaurviya lineage of Charans of Sindh. Samaur believes that the origin of Goddess Hinglaj lies in the "gaur'viyā cāraṇ" branch from Thatta, a city in Southern Sindh. This connection to Thatta led to the belief among the sanyasis(ascetics) of the Charan community and the Udasi sect that the temple of Hinglaj in Thatta, Sindh is as important as the main shrine of Hinglaj in Las Bela, Balochistan.
Other scholars find the origin of Hinglaj in the Tumbel clan of the Charan community. Some base their account on the writings of P. P. Payaka, published in Cāraṇ-Baṃdhī magazine in 1955. Based on the article by P. P. Payaka, Westphal and Westphal-Hellbusch give the following account:"Hala in Sindh was called Kohala in the former times, and the Goddess Hinglaj was once the queen of the Kohala or Kohana area. In this account, Hinglaj is portrayed as a Charani and the leader of the Tumbel Charan, whom they guided from Sindh to the Makran. P. P. Payaka also mentions that they remained a virgin all their life and was well versed in the religious texts." (Westphal and Westphal-Hellbusch 1974, 315).
Worship Ritual of Brohi Charans
In Balochistan, a certain local Muslim tribe primarily worships Hinglaj known as Brohi. The right to worship is exclusively assigned to kanyas(prebuscent girls) of Juman khamp(branch) of Bachol branch of Brohi tribe. These Brohi tribesmen are considered to be Muslim converts from Charans. They claim they are the 'Charan Musalmans'.
According to "Gorakh Nath Aur Unka Yug" by Ranghe Raghav, a Muslim community worshipped Hinglaj as 'Bibi Nani'.
The Brohi Charans who were historically in charge of the Hinglaj Mata temple at Balochistan were called "Malangs".
Chamgali Maai or Chamgali Mata
Among Brohi Charans, Hinglaj is popularly referred to as 'Chole Wali Mai' or 'Nani'. The Muslim devotees call the pilgrimage of Hinglaj as 'Nani ka Hajj'. Both at the Hinglaj Temple at Lasbela, Balochistan, and the Hinglaj Temple at Thatta, Sindh, the ritual worship of Hinglaj was done by Brohi priests of Juman khamp.
The right of worshipping Hinglaj Devi is given to a Brahmacharini Kanya''(a virgin girl) of Juman khamp of the Brohi tribe. This girl is called 'Changli Maai'''' and is considered an image of Hinglaj herself.
The chosen priestess Chamgali Maai is also sometimes referred to as Kottari.
The ritual of pilgrims entering and leaving the cave shrine of Hinglaj through its narrow ways inside the cave signifies re-birth. Upon emerging from the cave, pilgrims are considered to be "twice-born", without any sin. The pilgrims receive new clothes and consecrated food from the Chamgali Maai, the priestess from Baluchi Brohi-Charan lineage , as they are considered to be a full incarnation of Hinglaj.
As the current Chamgali Mai reaches adolescence, they select the next prebuscent girl from their Brohi clan by placing their hand on the head of the chosen girl. And thus, a new Chamgali Mai receives the right to worship Hinglaj and be their representative.
References
Charan
Hindu temples in Balochistan, Pakistan
Brahui people
Ethnic groups in Pakistan
Indigenous peoples of South Asia
Social groups of Balochistan, Pakistan
SC10 may refer to:
Southern Cross 10 and Southern Cross Ten, an Australian television channel
Renault SC10 or Saviem SC10, a former bus type by Renault Trucks
(79119) 1989 SC10, an asteroid
a FIPS 10-4 region code, see List of FIPS region codes (S–U)
SC-10, a subdivision code for the Seychelles, see ISO 3166-2:SC
Naj, naj (English: Best, Best) is the ninth studio album by the Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2009.
The song "Splav II" features background vocals by Suzana Dinić and the first six tracks feature backing vocals by Ivana Selakov.
Track listing
References
2009 albums
Stoja albums
Grand Production albums
Lavo Čermelj, Italianized in Lavo Cermeli (10 October 1889 – 26 January 1980) was a Slovene physicist, political activist, publicist and author. In the 1930s, they were one of the foremost representatives of Slovene anti-Fascist émigrés from the Italian-administered Julian March, together with Josip Vilfan, Ivan Marija Čok, and Engelbert Besednjak.
Life
Lavo Čermelj was born in Trieste, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. After finishing the German language lyceum in their native town, they enrolled in the Charles University in Prague, where they studied law for one year. They then switched to the University of Vienna, where they studied mathematics and physics, graduating from physics in 1914. During World War I they were drafted in the Austro-Hungarian Army. After the war they returned to Trieste, then already part of the Kingdom of Italy, where they worked as a professor at a private Slovene language high school. In the late 1920s they collaborated with several underground organizations that were resisting the policies of Fascist Italianization in the Julian March. When their activities were traced by the Italian Fascist secret police, they illegally emigrated to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. They settled in Ljubljana, and got employed at the Bežigrad Grammar School.
In the early 1930s, they started actively working as a researcher at the Minority Institute in Ljubljana, a private institution established to study the position of Slovene minorities in Italy, Austria and Hungary. In 1935, they published the monograph Life-and-death Struggle of a National Minority: the Yugoslavs in Italy, in which they described the persecution of the Slovenes and Croats in the Julian March and in the Venetian Slovenia. The book was later translated into French, German, Italian and Russian, becoming a referential work on the subject.
When the Italian army occupied the so-called Province of Ljubljana after the invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, Čermelj was arrested by the Italian authorities and trialed at the Second Trieste trial. They were sentenced to death, but the conviction was later converted to life imprisonment. They were sent to the maximum security prison on the island of Elba. In 1944 they were released by the Allied troops and joined the Yugoslav partisans. After World War II, they collaborated as an expert for the Yugoslav foreign ministry, and after 1947 they dedicated themselves mostly to the study of the legal position of the Slovene minority in Italy.
Čermelj also wrote several books and articles for the popularization of science. In 1971 they translated Hoyle's book Astronomy from 1962 into Slovene.
They died in Ljubljana
.
See also
Josip Ferfolja
TIGR
References
External links
Bibliography
1889 births
1980 deaths
Scientists from Trieste
Italian Slovenes
Slovenian physicists
Slovenian astronomers
Levstik Award laureates
Charles University alumni
University of Vienna alumni
Austro-Hungarian military personnel of World War I
Yugoslav Partisans members
The 1881–82 Washington and Lee Generals men's soccer team represented Washington and Lee University during the 1881–82 college soccer season. The Washington and Lee team played one match, where they defeated VMI, 12-1 in their only match of the season. The team was retroactively determined the national champion that year by the American Soccer History Archives and the Intercollegiate Soccer Football Association, for having the best goal differential amongst teams that were undefeated during the 1881-82 academic year.
Schedule
|-
!colspan=6 style="background:#003399; color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular season
|-
|-
|}
References
Iowa
1881
1881 in sports in Virginia
1882 in sports in Virginia
College soccer national championship-winning seasons (1866–1904)
Haider Ackermann (born 29 March 1971) is a Colombian-born French designer of ready-to-wear fashion. They live in Paris.
Early life
Born in Bogotá, Colombia in 1971, Ackermann was adopted at the age of nine months by a French Alsatian family. Their adoptive father is a mapmaker. Ackermann spent their childhood in Ethiopia, Chad, Algeria and France before the family moved to the Netherlands when they were twelve.
Career
Inspired by the work of Yves Saint Laurent, Ackermann went to Belgium in 1994 and studied fashion design at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. They were expelled in 1997 for failing to turn in course assignments.
After five months of internship with John Galliano, Ackermann worked as an assistant to one of their teachers, the Belgian designer Wim Neels. In the following years they worked for various brands, including Bernhard Willhelm and Patrick Van Ommeslaeghe before working as a designer for Mayerline.
In 2001, Ackermann created their own label and presented their first women's wear collection in March 2001 during Paris fashion week. Their 2002 collection drew the attention of house Ruffo, premium leather clothing specialist, which hired them to direct the spring-summer collections and autumn-winter 2003 for Ruffo Research. In 2005, they signed with the Belgian group bvba 32 and set up their studio in Paris.
Ackermann was one of the designers approached to succeed Galliano at Dior, after declining the proposed succession of Martin Margiela in 2009. In 2010, Karl Lagerfeld described them as their ideal successor at Chanel, and some commentators called them a "new Yves Saint-Laurent".
Influenced by cultural differences, Ackermann's fashion contrasts and blends dress codes. The simple cuts of their creations are often asymmetric and sewn of different materials, resolutely modern, dynamic and urban areas, using the resources of the high and low culture, developing type clothing streetwear featuring feminine silhouettes sophisticated and refined. Their creations have been worn by Tilda Swinton, Timothée Chalamet, Nastya Hevchuk, Penélope Cruz, Victoria Beckham, Janet Jackson and Kanye West.
In 2010, Ackermann launched a one-off menswear collection during the Pitti trade shows in Florence. In June 2013, entrepreneur Anne Chapelle of 32 BVBA fashion house announced that the Ann Demeulemeester and Haider Ackermann labels would be split into two independent companies. Ackermann subsequently launched their first full menswear line that year.
In 2014, Ackermann worked on a Mercedes-Benz campaign with Tilda Swinton.
Ackermann joined Berluti as creative director in September 2016, succeeding Alessandro Sartori and showed their first collection for the label in January 2017. During their tenure, they introduced a more languid, feminine edge into the collections, which were shown on men and women. Their role involved not only the full product design, including sporting accessories, but also ad campaigns, image and stores. They also continued to run their own women's and men's lines concurrently with their job at Berluti. By March 2018, Ackermann and Berluti parted ways after just three seasons.
In December 2021, Ackermann alongside close collaborator Timothée Chalamet, designed a hoodie with 100% of the proceeds going to French organization Afghanistan Libre, which is centered around preserving the rights of women in Afghanistan.
Awards
2004: Swiss Textiles Award
2012: Fashion Group International Award, presented by Karl Lagerfeld
References
External links
Official website
1971 births
Living people
French fashion designers
People from Bogotá
Colombian fashion designers
20th-century Colombian male artists
21st-century Colombian male artists
LVMH people
() is a Lithuanian television mystery music game show based on the South Korean programme of the same name. It premiered on LNK on 13 March 2022 before moving to its sister channel BTV on 30 April 2022.
Gameplay
Format
Presented with a group of six "mystery singers" identified only by their occupation, a guest artist and contestant must attempt to eliminate bad singers from the group without ever hearing them sing, assisted by clues and a celebrity panel over the course of four rounds. At the end of the game, the last remaining mystery singer is revealed as either good or bad by means of a duet between them and one of the guest artists.
Rewards
The contestant must eliminate one mystery singer at the end of each round, receiving if they eliminate a bad singer. At the end of the game, the contestant may either end the game and keep the money they had won in previous rounds, or risk it for a chance to win a jackpot prize of by correctly guessing whether the last remaining mystery singer is good or bad. If the singer is bad, the contestant's winnings is given to the bad singer instead.
Rounds
Each episode presents the guest artist and contestant six people whose identities and singing voices are kept concealed until they are eliminated to perform on the "stage of truth" or remain in the end to perform the final duet.
Production
Background and development
first announced the development of the series through CJ ENM and Fremantle's joint agreement in November 2020. Produced by Elitaz and Kaunas Television Services, the staff team is managed by producer Gediminas Jaunius, executive producer Agneta Gabalytė, and director Jurgis Jefremovas.
Filming
Filmings for the series took place at Avia Solutions Group Arena in Vilnius. Also, tapings have been implemented health and safety protocols due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Originally, nine episodes were completed production except one episode involving guest artist and celebrity panelist , which was cancelled according to LNK spokesperson Gediminas Malaškevičius in March 2022 due to their controversial comments related to the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Episodes
Guest artists
Panelists
Notes
References
International versions of I Can See Your Voice
2020s Lithuanian television series
2022 Lithuanian television series debuts
BTV (Lithuania) original programming
Lithuanian television series based on South Korean television series
LNK (television station) original programming
Frank-Michael Marczewski (born 30 April 1954) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Marczewski made 202 appearances over a decade in the 2. Bundesliga during their playing career.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football defenders
2. Bundesliga players
FC Augsburg players
OSC Bremerhaven players
Tennis Borussia Berlin players
Footballers from Berlin
Premier Foods plc is a British food manufacturer headquartered in St Albans, Hertfordshire. The group owns many well-known brands, including Mr Kipling, Ambrosia, Bird's Custard, Angel Delight, Homepride cooking sauces, Lyons, Sharwood's, Loyd Grossman sauces, Oxo, Bisto, Batchelors and Plantastic. Premier Foods also produce cakes under the Cadbury's name, using the brand under licence. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History
Formation
The company was founded by Harry Solomon and David Thompson in London in 1975 as Hillsdown Holdings. The name came from Thompson's house, Hillsdown. Their son Richard Thompson worked for their father after their education at Haileybury. In 1981 it acquired Lockwood Foods Ltd which was in administrative receivership. In May 1987, David Thompson stepped down from Hillsdown Holdings, selling 50% of their shares and became a non executive director. In April 1989 they sold all of their shares.
In 1986, it bought various food businesses from Beechams and in 1990 it acquired Premier Brands, the MBO led by Paul Judge of Cadbury Schweppes' Foods and Other Products divisions which included Typhoo and Cadbury's drinks.
It was bought by the private equity company Hicks, Muse, Tate and Furst in 1999. In 2002, it bought Nestlé's ambient foods business. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2004.
Expansion
In 2004, it acquired the Ambrosia custard and rice pudding brand from the Colman's division of Unilever.
In February 2005, Premier Foods acquired Kraft Foods' ambient desserts businesses including Bird's Custard and Angel Delight.
In June 2005, Marlow Foods, makers of Quorn, was purchased and this was followed in October by the acquisition of Cauldron, consolidating the two leading brands in the meat-free category. That month, Premier Foods announced the sale of Typhoo tea to India's Apeejay Surrendra Group for $140 million. Immediately after the sale, The Sirhowy Group confirmed it had acquired a 2% stake in Premier Foods, supporting the company's strategy to make debt reduction a priority.
In 2006, Premier Foods acquired the UK and Ireland businesses of Campbell's for £460 million. Brands included in the deal were Oxo, Batchelors, Homepride and Fray Bentos. The iconic Campbell's Soup cans had to be rebranded as Batchelors Condensed Soup (as the brand itself was not acquired) but labels still carried the label "Formerly Campbell's. Same great taste." Similarly, Campbell's Meatballs were rebranded as Fray Bentos Meatballs. Subsequently, in December 2007, the closure of the King's Lynn depot where Fray Bentos pies were made was announced.
In March 2007, Premier Foods completed the takeover of its rival Rank Hovis McDougall (RHM) for £1.2 billion.
In July 2007, Premier Foods announced it would close several RHM sites: Bristol, Droylsden (makers of Robertson's Golden Shred since 1890 and Sharwood's brands), Middlewich (makers of Bisto and Salts), Wythenshawe (makers of Sharwood's pappadoms and Paxo), Ledbury (makers of specialist jams) and Reading (Foodservices).
In 2008 the company re-launched the Hovis brand by commissioning Go On Lad, a retrospective advertisement which was voted "Advert of the Decade" by the British public in December 2009.
In 2009, Premier Foods sold its frozen bakery business, including Le Pain Croustillant and Sofrapain, to Nutrixo.
Restructuring
In February 2011, Premier Foods sold its Crosse & Blackwell, Fray Bentos and Smedley's businesses to Princes for £182 million. It followed this in March with the sale of Marlow Foods to Exponent Private Equity and Intermediate Capital Group for £205 million ($331.6 million), resulting in the creation of a new company, Quorn Foods. Premier Foods said the deal was part of a strategy to reduce its debt, which built up following an acquisition spree that included Hovis-owner RHM and Campbell's Soup in the UK and Ireland. 2 Sisters Food Group bought Premier Foods' Brookes Avana business in December 2011.
In 2012, the company announced it had agreed a re-financing package, which required the disposal of additional assets. Premier Foods reached agreements with Mizkan to sell its Haywards pickle, Sarson's and Dufrais vinegar in June, followed by Branston in October that year. In August, the company sold its sweet spreads and jellies division, including Hartley's jam, Sun-Pat peanut butter and Robertson's, to Hain Celestial Group.
In January 2014, Premier Foods announced a new capital structure for the business which included an underwritten equity issue of approximately £353 million, a new pension schemes agreement, a high yield bond of £500 million and a new lending agreement with a smaller banking group. Premier also became a 'grocery-only' business with the movement of the Hovis brand into a joint venture with US-based venture capital fund The Gores Group. Premier Foods sold a controlling 51% stake in the joint venture to The Gores Group, which saw Hovis become a private company.
The Hovis spin-off was followed in June 2014 by the announcement that the company would spin off its powdered food and drinks manufacturing operations in Knighton into a joint venture called Knighton Foods. Premier Foods sold a controlling 51% stake in the venture to Specialty Powders Holdings.
In 2014 the group hit controversy as it emerged they are charging suppliers for the right to sell goods and services to Premier Foods. One supplier said the practice - known as pay and stay - was like "blackmail".
In November 2015 the group announced a new partnership with celebrity baker Paul Hollywood to produce a range of bread, savoury and sweet mixes, designed to make artisanal baking accessible to consumers.
The company announced a partnership with the Japanese company Nissin Foods in March 2016, whereby the companies would distribute each other's products in their home markets. Premier Foods also revealed it had rejected an unsolicited takeover approach from McCormick & Company. Nissin subsequently purchased a 17.3% stake in the company. McCormick dropped its takeover bid in April 2016.
Brands
Ambrosia custards and rice pudding
Angel Delight desserts
Atora shredded suet
Batchelors dehydrated foods, Super Noodles and dried soup Cup-a-Soup
Be-Ro flour
Bird's custard and desserts
Bisto gravy
Cadbury cakes and cake mixes (manufactured under licence from Mondelez International)
Homepride cooking sauces and ready meals businesses only
Loyd Grossman sauces cooking sauces
Lyons cakes and baked goods
Marvel milk powder
McDougalls flour
Mr Kipling cakes and cake mixes
Nissin noodle pots and blocks (distributed under licence from Nissin Food Holdings Co Ltd)
Oxo stocks and seasonings
Paxo stuffing
Peckish rice crackers (under licence)
Plantastic health foods
Saxa salt and pepper
Sharwood's Asian cooking sauces
Smash instant mash potato
Vesta dried ready meals
References
External links
Bakeries of the United Kingdom
British pie brands
British Royal Warrant holders
Companies based in the City and District of St Albans
Food and drink companies established in 1975
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
Food brands of the United Kingdom
Food manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Premier Foods brands
Private equity portfolio companies
Condiment companies
1999 mergers and acquisitions
2004 initial public offerings
1975 establishments in England
Princess Hermine Reuss of Greiz (; 17 December 1887 – 7 August 1947) was the second wife of Wilhelm II. They were married in 1922, four years after they abdicated as German Emperor and King of Prussia. They were their second husband; their first husband, Prince Johann of Schönaich-Carolath, had died in 1920.
Early life
Princess Hermine was born in Greiz as the fifth child and fourth daughter of Heinrich XXII, Prince Reuss of Greiz (28 March 1846 – 19 April 1902), and Princess Ida Mathilde Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe (28 July 1852 – 28 September 1891), daughter of Adolf I, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe. Them father was the ruler of the Principality of Reuss-Greiz, a state of the German Empire, in what is present-day Thuringia. Princess Hermine's disabled elder brother became Heinrich XXIV, Prince Reuss of Greiz in 1902.
First marriage
Princess Hermine was married on 7 January 1907 in Greiz to Prince Johann George Ludwig Ferdinand August of Schönaich-Carolath (11 September 1873 – 7 April 1920).
They were the parents of five children:
Prince Hans Georg Heinrich Ludwig Friedrich Hermann Ferdinand of Schönaich-Carolath (3 November 1907 – 9 August 1943), married Baroness Sibylle von Zedlitz und Leipe, killed in action at the Eastern Front during the Second World War.
Prince Georg Wilhelm of Schönaich-Carolath (16 March 1909 – 1 November 1927), died unmarried.
Princess Hermine Caroline Wanda Ida Luise Feodora Viktoria Auguste of Schönaich-Carolath (9 May 1910 – 30 May 1959), married Hugo Herbert Hartung.
Prince Ferdinand Johann Georg Hermann Heinrich Ludwig Wilhelm Friedrich August of Schönaich-Carolath (5 April 1913 – 17 October 1973), married Rose Rauch (1912-1987), then Baroness Margarethe von Seckendorff (1908-1991).
Princess Henriette Hermine Wanda Ida Luise of Schönaich-Carolath (25 November 1918 – 16 March 1972), married Wilhelm II's grandson Prince Karl Franz of Prussia (son of Prince Joachim of Prussia) in 1940 and had issue.
Marriage to ex-Emperor Wilhelm II
In January 1922, a son of Princess Hermine sent birthday wishes to the exiled German Emperor Wilhelm II, who then invited the boy and their mother to Huis Doorn. Wilhelm found Hermine very attractive, and greatly enjoyed their company. The two had much in common, both being recently widowed: Hermine just over a year and a half before and Wilhelm only nine months prior.
By early 1922, Wilhelm was determined to marry Hermine. Despite grumblings from Wilhelm's monarchist supporters and the objections of their children, 63-year-old Wilhelm and 34-year-old Hermine married on 5 November 1922 in Doorn. Wilhelm's physician, Alfred Haehner, suspected that Hermine had married the former kaiser only in the belief that they would become an empress and that they had become increasingly bitter as it became apparent that would not be the case. Shortly before the couple's first wedding anniversary, Haehner recorded how Hermine had told them how "inconsiderately [Wilhelm] behaved towards her" and how Wilhelm's face showed "a strong dislike" for their wife. Hermine's first husband had also been older than they are, by fourteen years. Wilhelm and Hermine were fourth cousins once removed through mutual descent from Louis IX, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt and fifth cousins through common descent from King George II of Great Britain.
In 1927, Hermine wrote An Empress in Exile: My Days in Doorn, an account of their life until then. They cared for the property management of Huis Doorn and by establishing their own relief organization, they stayed in contact with monarchist and nationalist circles in the Weimar Republic. Hermine also shared their husband's anti-Semitism. They remained a constant companion to the aging emperor until their death in 1941. They had no children.
Later life
Following the death of Wilhelm, Hermine returned to Germany to live on their first husband's estate in Saabor, Lower Silesia. During the Vistula–Oder Offensive of early 1945, they fled from the advancing Red Army to their sister's estate in Rossla, Thuringia. After the end of the Second World War, they were held under house arrest at Frankfurt on the Oder, in the Soviet occupation zone, and later imprisoned in the Paulinenhof Internment Camp. On 7 August 1947, aged 59, they died suddenly of a heart attack in a small flat in Frankfurt, while under guard by the Red Army occupation forces. They were buried in the Antique Temple of Sanssouci Park, Potsdam, in what would become East Germany. Some years earlier, it was the resting place of several other members of the Imperial family, including Wilhelm's first wife, Augusta Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein.
Dramatic representation
In 2017, Janet McTeer played a fictional Princess Hermine in The Exception alongside Christopher Plummer than Kaiser Wilhelm II.
Ancestry
References
External links
|-
|-
1887 births
1947 deaths
House of Schönaich-Carolath
House of Hohenzollern
Princesses of Reuss
Wilhelm II, German Emperor
German monarchists
People from Greiz
People from Doorn
Hugo Frederik Nierstrasz (30 June 1872 in Rotterdam – 6 September 1937) was a Dutch zoologist, known for their research in the fields of malacology and carcinology.
From 1892 they studied medicine at Utrecht University, but their interests switched to biology by way of influence from Ambrosius Hubrecht. In 1898 they conducted research of marine animals at the Stazione Zoologica in Naples, and in 1899/1900 took part in the Siboga Expedition to the Dutch East Indies. After their return to Europe, they taught biology classes in Amersfoort, and in 1904 began work as a lecturer in zoology at Utrecht University. In 1910 they succeeded Hubrecht as a professor of zoology, comparative anatomy and zoogeography at the university. In 1930 they became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Taxon named in their honor
Numerous taxa with the specific epithet of nierstraszi bear their name, an example being
The blue ring Octopus Hapalochlaena nierstraszi.
The rough whiting, Sillago nierstraszi Hardenberg, 1941, is named after him.
Published works
In 1902 their "The Solenogastres of the Siboga-expedition" was published in English. Their other zoological writings include:
Die Nematomorpha der Siboga-expedition, 1905 – Nematomorpha of the Siboga Expedition.
Parasitische prosobranchier der Siboga-expedition, 1909 (with Mattheus Marinus Schepman) – Parasitic Prosobranchia of the Siboga Expedition.
Is specialisatie in de zoölogische wetenschap heilzaam of gevaarlijk, 1910.
Die Isopoden der Siboga-Expedition, 1913 – Isopods of the Siboga Expedition.
Anlietung zu makroskopisch-zoologischen Uebungen, 1922 – Instructions for macroscopic zoological tutorials.
Epicaridea I., 1929 (with Gerard Abraham Brender à Brandis) – Epicaridea.
They were also an editor of Oosthoek's "Geïllustreerde Encyclopaedie" (illustrated encyclopedia).
References
1872 births
1937 deaths
Scientists from Rotterdam
Utrecht University alumni
Utrecht University faculty
Dutch carcinologists
Dutch malacologists
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
The Hebtiahs Bohra are a branch of Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Islam that broke off from the mainstream Dawoodi Bohra after the death of the 39th Da'i al-Mutlaq in 1754. They are mostly concentrated in Ujjain in India with a few families who are Hebtiah Bohra.
History of the Imāmī-Hebtiahs Bohra
{| class="" style="float:center; margin: 2ex 0 0.6em 0.5em; width: 8em; line-height:111%;"
!The schematic history of the development of the Imāmī-Mustā‘līan Hebtiahs Bohra from other Shī‘ah Muslim sects
|-
|
See also
Alavi Bohra
Atba-i-Malak
Atba-e-Malak Badar
Atba-i-Malak Vakil
Dawoodi Bohra
Progressive Dawoodi Bohra
Patani Bohras
Sulaypersoni Bohra
Sunni Bohra
References
Bohra
Tayyibi Isma'ili branches
Jali Makawa (c. 1914 – 1995) was a Mozambique-born bird expert who assisted the British ornithologist C.W. "Con" Benson. They also worked with other ornithologists and collectors in east Africa including Melvin Traylor, Arthur Loveridge, Charles Sibley, and Michael Irwin. Makawa was famed for their observational skills, ability to identify novel species, mimic bird calls, collect, and prepare specimens. Several subspecies and a species of bird that they collected have been named after him.
Life and work
Makawa was born in Mozambique and belonged to the ethnic group variously known as Lomwe, Nguru, or Makua who traditionally hunted for food. Known for their skills in the field, the Makua people became famous as trackers for western elephant hunters. The family had emigrated from Mozambique during World War I and moved to Nyasaland (now Malawi). In 1932 they became an assistant to the cook of the colonial official Constantine Walter Benson who was also a keen naturalist. In 1934, Benson was accompanied by Makawa on an ornithological field trip and when Benson failed to capture a specimen of an Abyssinian Slaty Flycatcher and gave up, Makawa was able to demonstrate their skill by obtaining a specimen at the end of the last day at the site. After Benson left in 1962, Makawa worked in the Zambian Game department and accompanied ornithological visitors to the Lochinvar National Park. They became a Zambian citizen by registration in 1967. In 1972, they retired from Lochinvar and became an assistant to Robert J. Dowsett at the Livingstone Museum. Makawa was known for their acute observation and ability to distinguish minute differences. In 1964, Michael Irwin showed them a specimen of a bird that they thought was a thrush nightingale (Luscinia luscinia) but Makawa who had collected many specimens of that species declared that they had never collected anything like it. Irwin later discovered that it was in fact a river warbler, Locustella fluviatilis. In 1977, Dowsett arranged for Makawa to live in Muckleneuk, on the Choma farm of the Bruce-Miller family. They continued to help Benson, assisting them with information in the production of the Birds of Malawi. While Benson wrote and believed that Makawa had a deep interest in birds, some of their fellow ornithologists claimed that Makawa was only motivated by the opportunity to travel and impress women.
Contribution to ornithology
Makawa collected in Ethiopia, Rhodesia, Mozambique and Madagascar. With Benson they collected nearly 2,400 specimens in Ethiopia. Together they discovered Hirundo megaensis and Oreophilais robertsi. With support from the Portuguese official A. Baptista de Sousa, Benson and Makawa visited Njesi Highlands where they identified a new subspecies of Apalis moreaui sousae, a species then known only from the Usambara mountains. In 1958 Benson led an expedition in the Indian Ocean and along with Makawa they discovered a new species of warbler on the Comoros, Nesillas mariae. Makawa collected a specimen of a tinkerbird that was new to them and when it failed to match any known species, it was formally described in 1965 by Benson and Irwin as Pogoniulus makawai. The single specimen with unique plumage has been examined in more recent times and comparison of its DNA sequences with related species suggests that it may represent a distinct population (or subspecies) of Pogoniulus bilineatus. In 1972 they accompanied John Colebrook-Robject to Madagascar to join an expedition headed by Charles Sibley. Part of the work involved collecting the albumen of eggs of wild birds, which Sibley later used in their work on the classification of passerines. Melvin Traylor described and named a subspecies Calandrella conirostris makawai after Makawa in 1962. Other subspecies named after them include Malaconotus olivaceus makawa from Malawi. Coracopsis rasa makawa from the Comoros. Makawa was known for their ability to remember and distinguish bird calls and songs. They assisted Keith and Benson in their studies of elusive Madagascar rails in the genus Sarothrura. Makawa would imitate calls and lure male rails, allowing the birds to approach and allowed their own calls to be recorded. Makawa was known as an assiduous field assistant, sometimes even sleeping out at the field site to get a first chance to see a bird at dawn.
Later life
Makawa's relatively high status and wealth made many jealous and they had a troubled relationship with their son. In 1988 a neighbour accused them of witchcraft and around 1990 they are thought to have moved to Lusaka to live with their daughter. Little is known of their later life and death.
References
Ornithologists
1910s births
1995 deaths
Mozambican people
20th-century zoologists
Mozambican emigrants to Malawi
Ivan Fyodorovich Dobronravov (; born 2 June 1989) is a Russian actor best known for their lead role in the 2003 film Vozvrashcheniye (English title The Return).
Biography
Ivan Dobronravov was born in Voronezh, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. Shchukin School Student (course Yu Nifontova).
Following the release of the film Andrey Zvyagintsev's "The Return" received five awards the Venice Film Festival, including the "Golden Lion", about the character of Ivan Dobronravova I wrote that this "stubborn chubby men will inhabit." In the picture Svetlana Proskurina "The Truce" the actor created a different way, "Egor - soft eyes lad Bartholomew. A good, naive and trusting as a child".
In 2010, Ivan Dobronravov won the Open Russian Film Festival "Kinotavr" in the category "Best Actor" (the film "The Truce").
Personal life
Their father, Fyodor Dobronravov, is a People's Artist of Russia, and their elder brother Viktor Dobronravov is also an actor.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1989 births
People from Voronezh
Russian male child actors
Russian male film actors
Russian male television actors
Living people
21st-century Russian male actors
Zoe Dell Lantis Nutter (June 14, 1915 – April 22, 2020) was an American dancer, actor and model who became a promoter, educator, marketer, commercial pilot, and philanthropist.
Biography
Lantis was born in Yamhill, Oregon in 1915. They received early encouragement in public performing. Them family lived next door to a dance teacher, so Lantis did odd jobs to become their student. After high school, they moved to San Francisco, where soon they were dancing for the San Francisco Ballet and in nightclubs.
After one 1939 show, aviation executives approached them about promoting commercial aviation at the Golden Gate International Exposition on nearby Treasure Island, to promote air travel in general, and overseas flights to East Asia in particular, via the new China Clipper flying boats based at Treasure Island.
Dressed in a pirate costume, they served as the official hostess for the exposition. Soon they had flown 100,000 passenger miles to meet mayors and governors across the U.S., demonstrating the safety and comforts of air travel.
In the middle of a campaign against burlesque theaters, New York mayor Fiorello LaGuardia insisted they wear their coat over their skimpy costume in order to be photographed with him. The story took off and soon they were labeled the "most photographed woman in the world," appearing in Life on February 7, 1938.
After a short film career with Paramount Pictures, they joined the United Service Organizations to entertain troops during World War II. Surgery ended their dancing career.
A friend suggested they pursue flying along with their first husband, with whom they earned their pilot certification. Moving to northern California after the war, they regularly flew into San Francisco to go shopping. In 1958, they represented Standard Oil of California at the Expo 58 Worlds Fair in Brussels, Belgium, and continued to promote commercial air travel around the world.
In the early 1960s, they took a job with Piper Aircraft, Inc., one of the main manufacturers of private airplanes. President William T. Piper, known as the Henry Ford of aviation for making inexpensive, simple to operate, aircraft, wanted them to be their spokesperson for general aviation, as they had been for commercial aviation. They demonstrated aircraft and sold flight training for Piper's subsidiary Monarch Aviation, which operated a base and flight school in Monterey, California. They soon learned to avoid flying over nearby mountains due to insufficient engine power. Among their responsibilities was to make flying accessible to ladies, to teach women to be able to read a map, handle the radio or land the plane in event of an emergency.
Them work helped improve flight safety and train the increasing numbers of private pilots. In addition, while in Monterey, they helped found the local chapter of the Ninety-Nines, the Organization of Licensed Women Pilots.
When Piper needed a cheaper trainer plane, they flew to Dayton, Ohio to evaluate a new plane there. Local business person Ervin J. Nutter, who built parts for the plane, assisted them After three trips, they turned down the aircraft, but married Nutter, and moved to Ohio in 1965.
Nutter ran the Elano Corporation, which made tubing and engine components for the aerospace industry. Them flying experience and marketing background complemented their husband's technical expertise. Soon they were directing promotions of the Small Aircraft Division and serving as one of the company pilots.
Elano developed a stainless steel manifold that boosted the performance of diesel locomotive engines for General Electric. Given their experience flying over the mountains in California, they believed a better manifold would give pilots more power in the air. They interviewed several engineers before hiring John Warlick, working with them to define the problem through promotion of the finished product. Despite initial rejections by all aircraft engine manufacturers, the manifold eventually became standard equipment on many models. In addition to adding power, the manifold reduced engine maintenance for annual inspections, and enabled a quieter, better-heated cockpit.
As a pilot, they logged over 2,000 flight hours, earning commercial, instrument and multi-engine ratings. They delivered rush jobs for Elano-20 minutes to the airport, ten minutes to preflight, an hour's flight to Cincinnati and Columbus, and within a couple hours a part could be delivered to Boston, Chicago or Atlanta.
They joined the Ohio Civil Air Patrol, flying search and rescue missions, and became active in the National Aviation Hall of Fame, with 12 years service as a board member, serving as its first woman president in 1988. Nutter served on many charitable, educational and civic boards, such as the San Francisco Aeronautical Society. and the Ohio Humanities Council. They turned 100 in June 2015 and died at their home in Beavercreek Township, Greene County, Ohio on April 22, 2020.
Quotes
Awards
First recipient of Wright State University's Spirit of Innovation Award.
Deeds-Kettering Award for outstanding contributions to the Engineers Club of Dayton
Ford's Theatre's Lincoln Medal
A 2009 recipient of the Bob Hoover Freedom of Flight Award
See also
E.J. Nutter Training Facility
Nutter Center
Notes and references
Zoe Dell Lantis Nutter: A 70-Year Commitment to Aviation's Success." by Carol L. Osborne, Airport Journals July 2009
External links
Dayton Innovation Legacy | Engineers Club of Dayton Foundation | Zoe Dell Lantis Nutter (photo gallery)
The Most Photographed Woman of 1939, including a photo of the "Treasure Island Pirate Girl"
1915 births
2020 deaths
Aviators from Oregon
American centenarians
People from Dayton, Ohio
People from Yamhill, Oregon
People of the Civil Air Patrol
Commercial aviators
Women centenarians
Baldan Mizhitdorzhievich Tsyzhipov (; born 30 May 1990 in Chita Oblast) is a Russian freestyle wrestler of Buryat heritage. They won one of the bronze medals in the 125 kg event at the 2020 European Wrestling Championships held in Rome, Italy.
Major results
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
Russian male sport wrestlers
European Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Russian people
21st-century Russian people
The 1922 Iowa State Cyclones football team represented Iowa State College of Agricultural and Mechanic Arts—now known as Iowa State University—during the 1922 college football season. The Cyclones were coached by Sam Willaman and played their home games at State Field in Ames, Iowa. The Cyclones first game was a loss to Coe and their last game was a 54–6 loss to the Nebraska Cornhuskers in Lincoln. The Cyclones finished with a record of 2–6.
Schedule
References
Iowa State
Iowa State Cyclones football seasons
Iowa State Cyclones football
Robert McCutchin (April 15, 1894 – December 8, 1973) was an American farmer and politician.
Born in the town of Arena, Iowa County, Wisconsin, McCutchin went to the University of Wisconsin College of Agriculture and was a farmer. McCutchin was also involved with the cheese, insurance, and telephone businesses. McCutchin served on the Iowa County Board of Supervisors and was chairperson of the Arena Town Board. They also served on the Iowa County Defense Council and the Wisconsin Conservation Commission. McCutchin served in the Wisconsin State Assembly as a Progressive and later a Republican during the 1943, 1947, 1949 and 1951 sessions. In 1958, they were an unsuccessful candidate as a Democrat. Later, they lived in Spring Green, Wisconsin.
McCutchin died in a hospital in Prairie du Sac, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
The Political Graveyard
1894 births
1973 deaths
People from Arena, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences alumni
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Wisconsin Progressives (1924)
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin Democrats
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
20th-century American politicians
People from Spring Green, Wisconsin
20th-century American businesspeople
Benoît Sokal (28 June 1954 – 28 May 2021) was a Belgian comic artist and video game developer, best known for their comics series Inspector Canardo, and the Syberia adventure game franchise.
Biography
Benoît Sokal was born in Brussels in 1954. They studied at the École Supérieure des Arts Saint-Luc in Brussels, together with many contemporary Belgian comic artists like François Schuiten. They began drawing for À Suivre magazine in 1978. They created the Inspector Canardo series, featuring a depressed anthropomorphic duck detective with a penchant for cigarettes, alcohol and femmes fatales, before working on other titles.
Later they joined the software developer Microïds and designed the adventure games Amerzone, Syberia and Syberia II (published by Microïds, the adventure game label of Anuman Interactive). They then founded their own game company, White Birds Productions, where they created the adventure game Paradise published through Ubisoft.
They died on 28 May 2021 after a battle with long-term illness.
Bibliography
Inspector Canardo, 23 albums, 1981- ; Casterman
Sanguine, with Alain Populaire; 1988, Casterman
Silence, on tue!, with ; 1990, Nathan
Le Vieil Homme qui n'Écrivait Plus, 1996; Casterman
Syberia, 1 album, 2002; Casterman (sketches and drawings for the game Syberia)
Paradise, 2 albums, 2005-, artist Brice Bingono; Casterman
Video games
Amerzone (1999)
Syberia (2002)
Syberia II (2004)
Paradise (2006)
Last King of Africa (2008) (Nintendo DS version of Paradise)
Sinking Island (2007)
Aquarica (2008) (canceled)
Syberia III (2017)
Syberia: The World Before (2022, posthumous)
Awards
1999: Prix Pixel-INA (category "Games") at the Imagina 99 festival, Monaco
2002: GameSpy PC Adventure Game of the Year
2003: nominated for the Award for Best Dialogue at the Angoulême International Comics Festival, France
References
External links
Sokal publications in (A SUIVRE) BDoubliées
Sokal albums Bedetheque
Benoît Sokal biography on Lambiek Comiclopedia
1954 births
2021 deaths
Artists from Brussels
Belgian comics writers
Belgian comics artists
Belgian humorists
Belgian satirists
Belgian people of Ukrainian descent
Syberia
James George Membrey (23 March 1862 – 12 November 1940) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Buninyong to storekeeper James Membrey and Mary Anne Hadley, but they grew up in Napoleons and Ballarat. They worked as a plasterer at Northcote and from 1891 was a valuer and collector for Northcote Town Council. On 27 April 1886 they married Elizabeth Pearse Carvosse, with whom they had five children. In 1907 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Jika Jika. Although they were a Liberal, they opposed Thomas Bent's government in 1908. They served as a minister without portfolio from 1914 to 1917, when they left parliament. Membrey died in Preston in 1940.
References
1862 births
1940 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
People from Buninyong
The Divine Worship: Daily Office is the series of approved Anglican Use Divine Offices for the personal ordinariates in the Catholic Church. Derived from multiple Anglican and Catholic sources, the Divine Worship: Daily Office replaces prior Anglican Use versions of the Liturgy of the Hours and the Anglican daily office.
There are two editions, both published in English. The North American Edition is meant for use by Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter in the United States and Canada. The Commonwealth Edition is for use by the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham in the United Kingdom and Ireland as well as the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross in Australia, Japan, and Oceania.
History
Multiple attempts to create an Anglican Use form of the Divine Office had been attempted prior to the approval the Divine Worship: Daily Office. The Book of Divine Worship of 2003 closely followed the Mattins and Evensong practices of the 1979 Book of Common Prayer of the Episcopal Church. Unlike later editions and in keeping with lineage from the Book of Common Prayer, the Book of Divine Worship contained both the order of the Anglican Use Mass and Office, resulting in an extremely large book.
The Customary of Our Lady of Walsingham, printed by Canterbury Press in 2012 and in use until the introduction of the Divine Worship: Daily Office: Commonwealth Edition, more closely follows Catholic practices. Additions included Terce, Sext, and None. Unlike the previous Book of Divine Worship, the Customary exclusively contained the Office and thus proved far more wieldy, with Divine Worship: The Missal and its new order of the Anglican Use Mass being published separately.
Editions
Unlike the other forms and uses of the Roman Rite that use the General Roman Calendar of 1960 and some Anglo-Catholic sources including the Anglican Breviary that use the General Roman Calendar of 1955, the Anglican Use liturgical calendar does not contain a period known as Ordinary Time. Instead, the traditional Anglican kalendar is used as the basis from which liturgical seasons are determined. Further, the recitation of the Psalms follows the monthly 30-day Prayer Book cycle.
North American Edition
The Divine Worship: Daily Office: North American Edition is printed by Newman House Press and was released in late 2020. The first printing of 500 books quickly sold out to parish communities, with further printings being announced shortly after.
The psalm translation is that of the 1928 Episcopal revision of the Coverdale Psalter. Permutations of the Coverdale Psalter are used in many Anglican Books of Common Prayer including the 1662 Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and 1928 Book of Common Prayer of the Episcopal Church. Collects and other excerpts come from Divine Worship: The Missal, which itself sources from the Anglican Missal and other Anglo-Catholic texts.
Following the initial printing, several significant textual errata were noted, along with several dozen typographical errors. Among them, the latter half of the hour of None was missing. There were also complaints regarding specific omissions–such as prayers for popular English saints like Thomas Becket–as well as several popular hymns from the English Christian tradition. These concerns and other were anticipated to be in part addressed during the North American Edition's second printing. The second printing was released in May 2021 and featured several corrections, including adding the missing portion of None. However, this new edition also introduced the omission of other portions of None–specifically the readings for Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday–as well as errors in collects and commons.
Commonwealth Edition
The Divine Worship: Daily Office: Commonwealth Edition is printed by the Catholic Truth Society. Announced in 2020 and following the high demand for the North American Edition, in December 2020 CTS attempted to determine interest for release in 2021. A 14 September release date and pre-orders were announced on 16 June 2021. The Commonwealth Edition uses the 1662 revision of the Coverdale psalter in keeping with Church of England tradition. In contrast to the North American Edition, the Commonwealth Edition contains the full text of the scriptural lessons for Morning Prayer and Evening Prayer. This feature is not common, but also not unheard of, in the Anglican Prayer Book tradition, and users are encouraged to read from a separate Bible via lectern during times of corporate prayer. The initial run of the Commonwealth Edition was favorably received, necessitating additional printings.
During the daily course of "lesser hours" of the Commonwealth Edition–Prime, Terce, Sext, and None – the entirety of Psalm 119 is recited. A selection of occasional prayers and optional antiphons are also provided. In 2022, the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham released a series of videos teaching proper usage of the Commonwealth Edition, each filmed within Slipper Chapel.
See also
Anglicanorum coetibus
Anglican Service Book
References
Roman Rite liturgical books
Catholic breviaries
Anglican liturgy
Anglo-Catholicism
Personal ordinariates
Faith-based marketing is the integration of religious faith into marketing and business. Such agencies specialize in marketing faith-based products and creating partnerships that target specific groups, such as the family-based audience. In the United States this type of marketing can help reach Christians, who enjoy an estimated purchasing power of over $5.1 trillion a year. Marketing research conducted by Nokia has shown that one of the most-desired features that adherent Muslims look for in cell phones is a Qibla finder that will orient them towards Mecca during prayer. As the desire for religion-on-demand grows, more modern, technologically-advanced products are being designed to help believers maintain traditional religious practices. Faith-based design allows companies to reach strong existing markets in new ways.
Market segments
Christian
The Timothy Plan offers mutual funds and exchange traded funds aimed at American evangelical Christians. Global X ETFs has two ETFs catered to Catholic investors.
Many Christian book and music titles have become successes in the mainstream world. The best-selling Purpose Driven Life by Christian pastor Rick Warren became the bestselling hardback non-fiction book in history, and is the second most-translated book in the world, after the Bible. In 2004, the Mel Gibson-directed The Passion of the Christ opened to $83.8M domestically and went on to gross $611M worldwide. In 2014, the Christian films Son of God, Noah, Heaven Is for Real and God's Not Dead, enjoyed box-office success.
Faith-based marketing is also seen in the tourism industry. The UN World Tourism Organization estimates that 300 million to 330 million people a year participate in faith-based travel. The U.S. Travel Association reports that 25% of all travelers are interested in a spiritual vacation.
Many companies incorporate faith-based ideas in their operations, mission statements, or even their packaging, subtly or overtly.
Islamic
See Islamic banking and finance, or the Dow Jones Islamic Fund for investing alighted with Islamic principles.
Costs of faith-based marketing
Efforts to market or run a business based on religious faith can face unique challenges.
In 2012, Chick-fil-A, who has "made a name [for itself] promoting Christian principles in its charity work", drew controversy after its CEO Dan Cathy suggested that they opposed same-sex marriage, which led to protests. Those protests did not appear to damage the company's sales. Hobby Lobby, another Christian business, filed a lawsuit, now styled Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby, arguing that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act's mandate for coverage of emergency contraception violated their First Amendment, religious rights. Oral arguments were heard by the Supreme Court of the United States in March 2014.
References
Further reading
Marketing techniques
Economy and Christianity
Martin James Bartlett (born 1996) is an English classical pianist who has twice reached the keyboard finals of the BBC Young Musician of the Year contest, winning the competition in 2014.
Education
From the year 2010, Bartlett was educated at The Purcell School for Young Musicians, a boarding and day specialist independent school in the town of Bushey in Hertfordshire.
Life and career
Bartlett was born on 20 July 1996. They began their musical studies at the age of six, first with the piano and then two years later with bassoon and recorder. They appeared on the BBC Young Musician of the Year competition in 2012, at the age of 15, as a finalist in the keyboard category. At that time, they were studying for the GCE Advanced Level in music and physics. In 2014, they were again selected as a finalist in that category.
In October 2014 Bartlett was one of the musicians to record the "God Only Knows" charity single for BBC Children in Need, in collaboration with Nicola Benedetti, Stevie Wonder, Sam Smith, One Direction, Elton John, Emile Sandé, and others. The recording was broadcast on all BBC TV channels, received over 11 million hits on YouTube and also launched BBC Music.
In 2015 Bartlett was one of the youngest-ever soloists to debut at the BBC Proms, performing Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue, with reviews in The Daily Telegraph and The Times praising their musical insight and maturity.
More recently Bartlett attended the 'Progress 1000' party hosted by the London Evening Standard celebrating London's most influential people. They were nominated as one of London's most influential musicians.
In 2018 Bartlett won the second prize and the audience prize of the piano competition Kissinger Klavierolymp (Kissingen Piano Olympics) in Germany.
Bartlett signed a recording contract with Warner Classics in 2019. The release of their debut album "Love and Death" with works of Prokofiev, Bach, Liszt, Schumann, Wagner and Granados was announced for May 2019.
On Wednesday the 6th of March 2019, Martin James Bartlett was awarded the Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother Rosebowl by Prince Charles.
References
External links
Martin James Bartlett Facebook
1996 births
English classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Living people
Child classical musicians
People from Hornchurch
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century British male musicians
Julien Lefèvre (1 July 1907 – 4 January 1984) was a Luxembourgian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1907 births
1984 deaths
20th-century Luxembourgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Luxembourgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Esch-sur-Alzette
The 1940 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1940 college football season. In its eighth season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled a 4–5 record (2–2 against MVC opponents), tied for third place in the MVC, and outscored opponents by a total of 125 to 108.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Golam Mortaza (born 23 May 1980) is a Bangladeshi former first-class and List A cricketer from Rajshahi. They played as a wicket-keeper and lower order right-handed batsman. They made their first-class debut for Chittagong Division in 2000–01 then moved to Rajshahi Division and finally appeared for Sylhet Division in 2005–06. They took 68 catches and completed 12 stumpings in the first-class game and recorded one half century with the bat.
References
Bangladeshi cricketers
Chittagong Division cricketers
Rajshahi Division cricketers
Sylhet Division cricketers
Living people
1980 births
Bangladeshi cricket coaches
Wicket-keepers
Blue Hill Avenue is a 2001 American crime drama film directed and written by Craig Ross Jr., and starring Allen Payne. Ross also edited and executive produced the film.
Plot
Tristan (the leader), Simon (the right-hand man), E-Bone (the hot head) and Money (the mediator) are four smart friends growing up in the tough Roxbury section of Boston in the 1980s. Starting out as small-time dope dealers on Blue Hill Avenue in Roxbury, they eventually go to work for Benny, a major player in the Boston crime scene.
As the four friends grow up and become the biggest dealers in the city, things become increasingly heated: Tristan's wife wants them to leave the business because she's pregnant, Tristan finds out their sister is hooked on drugs and is alienated from their family, Simon becomes obsessed with a near-death experience and expects to die, cops dog their tracks trying every trick in and out of the book to catch them. Benny, their main supplier, wants them out of the business for good.
Worse, it becomes clear one of the four is trying to sell the others out to the cops. In the end, Tristan faces Benny down alone. Will they be able to get out of the business—and the life—for good?
Cast
Allen Payne as Tristan
W.B. Alexander as young Tristan
Angelle Brooks as Martine
Diane Fauteux as young Martine
Michael "Bear" Taliferro as Simon
Dana Blair as young Simon
William L. Johnson as "E-Bone"
Brandon Hammond as young E-Bone
Aaron D. Spears as "Money"
Percy Daggs III as young Money
Andrew Divoff as Detective Tyler
Richard Lawson as Uncle Rob
Marlon Young as "Twinkie"
Clarence Williams III as Benny
William Forsythe as Detective Torrance
William Butler as "Big Time"
Chris Thornton as Lathan
William Springfield as "Soul Train"
Pooch Hall (credited as Marion Hall) as Billy "Schlep Rock" Brown
Kenny Robinson as Sam
Emily Bruhier as Martine's girlfriend
Awards & nominations
2001 Acapulco Black Film Festival
Best U.S. Film – Blue Hill Avenue, Craig Ross Jr. (winner)
2002 Black Reel Awards
Best Independent Actor (Theatrical) – Allen Payne (winner)
Best Independent Film (Theatrical) – (nominated)
2001 Urbanworld Film Festival
Best Director – Craig Ross Jr. (winner)
Best Human On Earth – Dylon Ta-Fari Bennett (Theatrical) – (winner)
See also
List of hood films
References
External links
2001 films
2000s crime drama films
American crime drama films
Artisan Entertainment films
Films set in Boston
Lionsgate films
Hood films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Amish in the City is an American reality television series which premiered on UPN on July 28, 2004. The plot revolved around five Amish teenagers experiencing "modern" (non-Amish) culture by living in a house with six mainstream American teenagers.
The show follows the Amish teenagers as they explore their freedom from the Amish religious code, which is a common element of the Rumspringa ("running around") period before they decide whether to join the Amish church. Typically, nearly 90% of teenagers end their Rumspringa with the choice to be baptized as Amish; however, at the conclusion of the show, it was unclear which of the show's participants chose not to return to the Amish church and which went back to the Amish way of life. Many accused the show of giving the participants an unrealistic view of "modern" culture and of showing the behavior of the unadjusted Amish like a "spectator sport" for mainstream American viewers. The producers stated that they plan to follow the original series with updates on the current status of the cast, especially since their decisions at the end of the series may change.
The concept was initially denounced by some for appearing to capitalize upon popular stereotypes about the Amish; later critical reviews were more positive.
The series was later aired in the United Kingdom on LIVINGtv2 and Trouble, in New Zealand on TV2, in Denmark on Kanal 5 and in Sweden on Kanal 5.
Cast
See also
Breaking Amish
References
External links
- 2006 New Line TV site including video & cast bio updates
Amish In The City Season Finale - article about series finale, including its date
2004 American television series debuts
2004 American television series endings
2000s American reality television series
Amish in popular culture
UPN original programming
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Television series by New Line Television
Big Springs (also Bigsprings, Chestnut Grove, or Fort Evans) is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along West Virginia Route 16 to the north of the town of Grantsville, the county seat of Calhoun County. Its elevation is 771 feet (235 m). It has a post office with the ZIP code 26137.
The community was so named on account of there being springs near the original town site.
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Anandsami is an Indian film and stage actor who has worked on Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi productions. In films, Anandsami had a career breakthrough with appearances in Lens (2016) and Odu Raja Odu (2018).
Career
In 2001, Anandsami was a part of the Tamil remake of the Hindi television series Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi. They appeared in ten episodes, and has since noted that being a part of the show prompted to become more professional with their approach to acting. After completing work on the series, Anandsami created a portfolio and attempted to become an actor in Tamil cinema. Finding chances hard to come by, they joined the Chennai-based theatre troupe Koothu-P-Pattarai in 2002, where they performed for eight years, before moving on to work with another group, Perch. Despite making small appearances in films and television during the 2000s, Anandsami was able to establish themselves as a prominent theatre actor in the Chennai acting circuit.
Anandsami was also a part of the trio that performs Kira Kozhambu, a play based on writer Ki Rajanarayanan's folk tales. They acted in the play with Ravindra Vijay and Kalieaswari Srinivasan in Coimbatore, and reenacted the same play with Maya S. Krishnan reprising Srinivasan's part in Chennai. The play was based on Ki. Rajanarayanan's collection of short stories titled Nattuppura Kadhai Kalanjiyam with Anandsami reprising their role from the original play. A critic stated that "Actors Anand Sami, Maya S. Krishnan and Ravindra Vijay were in their elements with their seamless blend of art and entertainment".
Anandsami is also known for their solo play, Jannal and Seethaimark Seeyakkai Thool where they perform writer Sundara Ramaswamy's short shorties of the same name. They were also part of an ensemble cast of actors that performed The Water Station, directed by Sankar Venkateswaran of Theatre Roots and Wings at the Kyoto International Performing Arts Festival
In film, Anandsami's most notable role was in Jayaprakash Radhakrishnan's directorial debut Lens, a thriller about web voyeurism. They were also seen in the 2018 black comedy Odu Raja Odu. In 2021, Anandsami was seen in Amazon Prime's The Family Man portraying a Sri Lankan Tamil rebel fighter.
Filmography
Films
Web series
References
External links
Living people
21st-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
Indian male stage actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Male actors from Chennai
Indian male film actors
Tamil male actors
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jean-Camille DeGrâce (born July 3, 1941) is an educator and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. They represented Lamèque-Shippagan-Miscou in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1995 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
They were born in Shippagan, New Brunswick, the son of Felix DeGrâce and Pauline Chiasson. DeGrâce was educated at the University of Moncton. They were a teacher and principal. DeGrâce also served as mayor of Shippagan. They were Minister of State for Tourism and Culture from 1998 to 1999. DeGrâce was defeated when they ran for reelection in 1999.
References
Canadian Parliamentary Guide, 1997, Kathryn O'Handley
1941 births
Living people
New Brunswick Liberal Association MLAs
Mayors of places in New Brunswick
People from Gloucester County, New Brunswick
Mad About You is an American television sitcom series that has aired on NBC from September 23, 1992, to May 24, 1999. Created by Paul Reiser and Danny Jacobson, the show follows lives of the newly married Buchmans, Paul (Reiser) and Jamie (Helen Hunt).
Mad About You has garnered critical praise for its realistic portrayal of marriage and the chemistry between Reiser and Hunt. Since its debut, the series has been nominated for 34 Primetime Emmy Awards (winning twelve), 13 Golden Globe Awards (winning four), 14 American Comedy Awards (winning seven), 10 Screen Actors Guild Awards (winning one) and 17 Q Awards (winning five), among others.
Helen Hunt stands as the most decorated cast member, winning four consecutive Emmy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three American Comedy Awards, three Q Awards, and a Screen Actors Guild Award for their role as Jamie Buchman, as wells as receiving the most award nominations. Guest performers on the series have also received awards and nominations, most notably Mel Brooks and Carol Burnett.
American Comedy Awards
The American Comedy Award is an annual accolade created by George Schlatter in recognition of excellence in the field of comedy, most notably in film and television. Out of 14 nominations, Mad About You won seven awards. Helen Hunt won the award for Funniest Female Performer in a TV Series (Leading Role) Network, Cable or Syndication three times from 1994 to 1996. Mel Brooks won the award for Funniest Male Guest Appearance in a TV Series in 1997 and 2000. Carol Burnett won the award for Funniest Female Guest Appearance in a TV Series in 1997 and 1998.
Emmy Awards
The Primetime Emmy Award is an annual accolade presented by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for outstanding achievement in American prime-time television programming. The Primetime Emmy Award recognizes outstanding achievement in aspects such as acting, writing, and direction while the more technical aspects such as cinematography, casting and, as of 2011, guest acting performances in television, are awarded at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards. During its tenure, Mad About You received 34 nominations, winning twelve of them. Helen Hunt received a nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for every season the show was on air, winning four consecutive times from 1996 to 1999. Cyndi Lauper and Carol Burnett won the award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 1995 and 1997, respectively. Carl Reiner won the award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series in 1995 while Mel Brooks won the award in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
Primetime Emmy Awards
Creative Arts Emmy Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Presented since 1949, the Golden Globe Award is an annual accolade awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for outstanding achievements in film and television. Mad About You received 13 nominations during its tenure, winning three awards for Best Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy, awarded to Helen Hunt, and the award for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy in 1995.
Online Film & Television Association
Satellite Awards
The Satellite Award is an annual accolade bestowed by the International Press Academy since 1997 in recognition of outstanding achievements in film, television and new media. Mad About You received various nominations, including Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy and Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy for Helen Hunt.
Screen Actors Guild Awards
The Screen Actors Guild Award is an annual accolade presented by the Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA) for outstanding individual and ensemble performances in film and television. Helen Hunt won the award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series in 1995 while receiving nominations for the award in 1996, 1997 and 1998. The cast of Mad About received nominations for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series from 1995-1998.
Viewers for Quality Television Awards
The Q Award, presented by the Viewers for Quality Television, honors programs and performers that the organization deem are of the highest quality. Out of 17 nominations, Mad About You won five awards, including Best Quality Comedy Series in 1994; Best Actress in a Quality Comedy Series for Helen Hunt in 1994, 1996 and 1997; and Best Actor in a Quality Comedy Series for Paul Reiser in 1994.
Other awards
References
Mad About You
The men's normal hill individual ski jumping competition for the 2002 Winter Olympics was held in Park City, Utah. Both qualifying and the final rounds took place on 10 February 2002 after heavy wind caused a cancellation of the qualifying round on 9 February 2002.
Results
Qualifying
Twelve skiers were pre-qualified, on the basis of their World Cup performance, meaning that they directly advanced to the final round. These skiers still jumped in the qualifying round, but they were not included with non-pre-qualified skiers in the standings. The fifty-four skiers who were not pre-qualified competed for thirty-eight spots in the final round.
Final
The final consisted of two jumps, with the top thirty after the first jump qualifying for the second jump. The combined total of the two jumps was used to determine the final ranking.
References
Ski jumping at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Ames Hellicar (2 March 1847 – 27 December 1907) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played one first-class match for Otago in 1872/73.
Ames Hellicar was born in Bristol, England, and emigrated with their family to Australia when they were seven. After attending Melbourne Church of England Grammar School, they joined the Bank of Australasia, and worked for the bank in various posts in Australia and New Zealand before being appointed manager of the Sydney branch in 1887. In 1905 they were appointed the bank's superintendent, working in its Melbourne headquarters. However, illness soon forced them to retire, and they died in December 1907 at their home in St Kilda.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1847 births
1907 deaths
People educated at Melbourne Grammar School
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Bristol
Australian bankers
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Chad Murray may refer to:
Chad Murray (actor), formally known as Chad Michael Murray, American actor
Chad Murray (swimmer), Canadian swimmer, see Swimming at the 2003 Pan American Games
Dystasia siporensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1939.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1939
Andrée Fares Michelsson (born 23 February 1997) is a Swedish-Icelandic basketball player who plays for Rendsburg Twisters of the German 1. Regionalliga.
Early life
Andrée was born in the Videdal district of Malmö, Sweden, to an Icelandic mother, Hulda Georgsdóttir, and a Syrian-Swedish father, Michel Kizaw. They grew up in the district of Videdal in Malmö and started playing basketball with Malbas at the age of ten.
Career
At the age of 17, Andrée received a Scholarship offer from Saint Andrew's High School but fractured their foot three days later during a U-20 match with Malbas.
Club career
Andrée played their first senior games with Malbas Oresund and appeared in four games in the Basketligan during the 2015–16 season.
In 2016, Andrée moved to Snæfell of the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild karla. For the season they averaged 11.7 points per game, with their best game coming against Skallagrímur where they scored 34 points in a 112–115 overtime loss. Snæfell did though not fare well in the league, being relegated at the end of the season after failing to register a win.
In August 2017, Andrée signed with newly promoted Höttur. On 26 January 2018, Höttur won their first victory of the season, defeating Þór Akureyri 86–75 in overtime. It was their first league victory in the Úrvalsdeild karla in thirty-six tries. At the end of the season, Höttur was relegated to 1. deild karla. For the season they averaged 8.9 points and 1.6 assists.
In June 2018, they resigned with Höttur for the 2018–19 1. deild karla season. On 12 October 2018, they scored a career high 37 points against Snæfell. During the regular season, they averaged 12.9 points per game but in the playoffs their performance dropped to 6.0 points per game.
In July 2019, Andrée signed with 1. deild karla club Ungmennafélagið Sindri. On 27 February 2020, they scored a season high 34 points against Breiðablik. In 17 regular season games, they averaged a career high 18.8 points, 3.6 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game for Sindri.
After sitting out the 2020–2021 season, Andrée signed with the Rendsburg Twisters of the German 1. Regionalliga. In their debut with the Twisters, they scored 29 points in a victory against TSG Bergedorf Stargazers. On 8 January 2022, Andrée had 41 points and 15 assists in a double-overtime win against SC Rasta Vechta.
National team career
Andrée was called up to the Swedish national U-16 team where they won gold during the 2013 Scania Cup. In December 2016, they were called up to the 25-man training group for the Icelandic national U-20 team.
References
External links
Icelandic statistics at Icelandic Basketball Association
Profile at realgm.com
Swedish statistics at basketliganherr.se
1997 births
Living people
Andrée Michelsson
Andrée Michelsson
Sportspeople from Malmö
Swedish men's basketball players
Andrée Michelsson
Andrée Michelsson
Andrée Michelsson
Guards (basketball)
NGC 740 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the Triangulum constellation. It is estimated to be 210 million light-years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of about 85,000 light-years. It was discovered by the Irish engineer Bindon Stoney, an assistant to William Parsons.
References
External links
0740
Barred spiral galaxies
Triangulum (constellation)
007316
Puerto Rico Highway 169 (PR-169) is a road located in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico. This highway begins at PR-1 in Río and ends at PR-20 in Frailes, passing through downtown Guaynabo.
Major intersections
See also
List of highways numbered 169
References
External links
169
Guaynabo, Puerto Rico
Kenneth A. Myers III was the fourth and longest serving director of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA), from September 2009 to March 2016. DTRA is the intellectual, technical and operational leader for the Department of Defense (DoD) and the U.S. Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM) in the national effort to combat the weapons of mass destruction (WMD) threat. Myers is also dual-hatted as the director of the USSTRATCOM Center for Combating Weapons of Mass Destruction. The center integrates and synchronizes DoD-wide efforts in support of the combating WMD mission.
Professional career
Starting in 1994, Myers was a senior associate at the law firm of Robinson Lake Sawyer Miller in Washington, D.C. They specialized in U.S. public and private sector investments to states of the former Soviet Union and was responsible for establishing the firm's office in Kyiv, Ukraine. Following their time in Kyiv, Myers accepted a position in the office of U.S. Senator Richard Lugar, where they served as a legislative assistant for National Security and Foreign Affairs. They assisted the senator in their role as a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, the Senate's National Security Working Group and Russia Working Group.
They joined the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations as a Senior Professional Staff Member in 2003 when Lugar became Chairman of the Committee. They served as the senior advisor to Lugar on European, former Soviet Union and Central Asian affairs.
Myers worked extensively on issues of nonproliferation, counter-proliferation, arms control, and arms sales. They played a vital role in the development of the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Program and the Lugar-Obama Cooperative Proliferation Detection, Interdiction Assistance, and Conventional Threat Reduction Act of 2006. Myers frequently traveled throughout Europe, Central Asia and Russia with Lugar, members of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, and then-Senator Barack Obama to champion the causes of the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Program.
Additionally, Myers played a leading role in numerous critical foreign policy debates as Senator Richard Lugar's point person on the enlargement of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), the Moscow Treaty (the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Strategic Offensive Reductions, or SORT), and the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (New START), U.S. nonproliferation and counter-proliferation policies, export controls and the U.S.-India Peaceful Atomic Energy Cooperation Act.
Selected for DTRA
Myers was selected as the director of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency in the summer or 2009, was sworn in on July 27, 2009, at The Pentagon, and had an official Assumption of Responsibility Ceremony on September 1, 2009, at DTRA's headquarters on Fort Belvoir, Virginia. They lead an organization with approximately 2,000 civilian and military personnel at more than 14 locations around the world, including Russia, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Uzbekistan, Georgia, and Ukraine.
Education
Myers has a bachelor's degree from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University; they earned a Master of International Security degree from the Catholic University of America, where they concentrated on the break-up of the former Soviet Union.
References
Defense Threat Reduction Agency Biographies
United States Strategic Command Biographies
Year of birth missing (living people)
United States Department of Defense officials
Catholic University of America alumni
Virginia Tech alumni
Living people
Janina Konarska (later Konarska-Słonimska, April 30, 1900 – June 9, 1975) was a Polish artist. They were born in Warsaw and was the wife of Antoni Słonimski.
In 1932 they won a silver medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for their woodcut "Narciarze" ("Skier").
References
1900 births
1975 deaths
Olympic silver medalists in art competitions
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Artists from Warsaw
Olympic competitors in art competitions
South Wales East () is an electoral region of the Senedd, consisting of eight constituencies. The region elects 12 members, eight directly elected constituency members and four additional members. The electoral region was first used in 1999, when the National Assembly for Wales was created.
Each constituency elects one Member of the Senedd by the first past the post electoral system, and the region as a whole elects four additional or top-up Members of the Senedd, to create a degree of proportional representation. The additional member seats are allocated from closed lists by the D'Hondt method, with constituency results being taken into account in the allocation.
County boundaries
The region covers the whole of the preserved county of Gwent and part of the preserved county of Mid Glamorgan. The rest of Mid Glamorgan is mostly within the South Wales Central electoral region and partly within the South Wales West region.
Electoral region profile
The region is one of contrasts; it includes the city of Newport, along with the town of Caerphilly. It also takes in the working-class former iron town of Merthyr Tydfil, one of the most deprived towns in the UK, but also rural Monmouthshire, one of the most affluent parts of Wales.
Constituencies
The eight constituencies have the names and boundaries of constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (Westminster):
Assembly members and Members of the Senedd
Constituency AMs and MSs
Regional list AMs and MSs
N.B. This table is for presentation purposes only
2021 Senedd election
2021 Senedd election additional members
Regional MSs elected 2021
2016 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 2016
2011 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 2011
2007 Welsh Assembly election additional members
On 8 December 2009, Mohammad Asghar, Plaid Cymru's list member for South Wales East, defected to the Conservative Party. This gave Plaid one AM, and the Conservatives two.
2003 Welsh Assembly additional members
1999 Welsh Assembly additional members
Notes
References
Senedd electoral regions
The American Society for Cell Biology (ASCB) is a professional society that was founded in 1960.
Its mission statement says:
History
On 6 April 1959 the United States National Academy of Sciences passed a resolution for the establishment of a "national society of cell biology to act as a national representative to the International Federation for Cell Biology".
The ASCB was first organized at an ad hoc meeting in the office of Keith R. Porter at Rockefeller University on May 28, 1960. In the 1940s, Porter was one of the first scientists in the world to use the then-revolutionary technique of electron microscopy (EM) to reveal the internal structure of cells. Other early ASCB leaders—George Palade, Don Fawcett, Hewson Swift, Arthur Solomon, and Hans Ris—also were EM pioneers. All early ASCB leaders were concerned that existing scientific societies and existing biology journals were not receptive to this emerging field that studied the cell as the fundamental unit of all life.
The ASCB was legally incorporated in New York State on July 31, 1961. A call for membership went out, enlisting ASCB's first 480 members. The first ASCB Annual Meeting was held November 2–4, 1961, in Chicago, where 844 attendees gathered for three days of lectures, slides, and movies showing cellular structure. The results of a mail ballot were read out and Fawcett was declared ASCB's first president.
The ASCB did not remain an EM society. New technologies and new discoveries in molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry, and light microscopy quickly widened the field. Cell biology has continued to expand ever since, extending its impact on clinical medicine and pharmacology while drawing on new technologies in bioengineering, high-resolution imaging, massive data handling, and genomic sequencing.
By 1963, the membership consisted of 9,000 scientists.
In 2008 it was reported that ASCB had 11,000 members worldwide. Today, 25% of ASCB members work outside the United States). Annual meetings now draw upwards of 5,000 people. Since 1960, 32 past or current ASCB members have won Nobel Prizes in medicine or in chemistry.
Publications
Print publications:
Molecular Biology of the Cell: An online journal of scholarly research reports and essays published 24 times a year.
CBE- Life Sciences Education: An online peer-reviewed journal of life science education research and evidence-based practice.
ASCB Newsletter: The ASCB's bi-monthly online newsletter updating members and policymakers on issues, public policy, society programs and events, grants, career advice, and more.
Online publication:
The ASCB Post: The latest in science news, insights, and blogs.
Annual meeting
Typically held within the first two weeks of December, the ASCB's annual meeting brings together scientists in the field of cell biology to highlight the latest research, techniques, products, and services, providing a venue for networking and career advice, offering research-tested educational approaches for high school teachers and professors who teach undergraduates, and to spur future discovery and collaboration. The ASCB also presents awards, poster sessions (where students, postdoctoral fellows, and independent scientists present their research and receive feedback), scientific sessions (symposia, minisymposia, working groups, workshops, translational sessions, special interest subgroups, award lectures, and exhibits). Science discussion tables offer opportunities to discuss scientific topics with expert scientists, and the career discussion roundtables offer a variety of career topic-themed tables addressed with expert facilitators. In addition, special sessions focus on advocacy, media and public outreach, and special issues of interest to women, minorities, gay, lesbian, and transgender students/scientists, the media, etc.
The 2012 meeting resulted in the San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment.
Awards
ASCB Fellows
E.B. Wilson Medal
Keith R. Porter Lecture
Women in Cell Biology Junior Award for Excellence in Research
The Sandra K. Masur Senior Leadership Award
ASCB Prize for Excellence in Inclusivity
E.E. Just Lecture
MBC Paper of the Year
Bruce Alberts Award for Excellence in Science Education
Günter Blobel Early Career Award
Merton Bernfield Memorial Award
Norton B. Gilula Award
ASCB Public Service Award
Innovation in Research Award
Innovation in Education Award
Porter Prizes for Excellence in Research
Presidents
The following people have been elected president of the ASCB:
Committees
The Education Committee focuses on promoting biology education, science literacy, and career development in biology-related fields, honoring educators Bruce Alberts Award for Excellence in Science Education, educating educators through sessions at the ASCB Annual Meeting including the Education Initiative Forum, Education Minisymposium, Education workshop on undergraduate teaching, K–12 Science Education (for local high school students and teachers), and developing careers.
The Finance And Audit Committee, chaired by the treasurer, is responsible for evaluating the financial status of the Society, reviewing expenditures and recommending the annual budgets, reserve funds, and investments. The committee consists of three or more members of the Society and two ex officio members - the president and president-elect.
The major objectives of the International Affairs Committee are to broaden the base of the society's international efforts by working with national cell biology societies and coordinating international activities; facilitating exchange between U.S. and international scientists; increasing cell biology training and capacity worldwide; and increasing international membership and satisfaction in the ASCB.
The Membership Committee, chaired by the secretary, reviews and recommends policies related to membership retention and growth.
The Minorities Affairs Committee seeks to significantly support underrepresented minority scientists in all stages of their education and career.
The Program Committee develops the scientific program for the annual meeting, which is generally held in late Fall/early Winter.
The Public Information Committee promotes education of the lay public in cell biology, directly and through the media.
The Public Policy Committee regularly educates the United States Congress and the administration about the importance of basic biomedical funding and biomedical policy.
The Committee for Postdocs and Students represents young scientists. They are dedicated to providing a forum for student and postdoc members to identify and address topics that are essential to their success. They strive to uphold the values and advance the goals of ASCB by promoting the active participation of students and postdocs in the scientific community and maximizing their effectiveness.
The major objective of the Women in Cell Biology Committee is to provide opportunities and information useful to women and men in developing their careers in cell biology. The committee also provides career development advice of value to all basic biomedical scientists.
The Cell: An Image Library is a comprehensive, easily accessible, public resource database of images, videos, and animations of cells from a variety of organisms, showcasing as well cell components and functions. The database will advance research on cellular activity with the ultimate goal of improving human health.
San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment
At the American Society for Cell Biology meeting in San Francisco in 2012, scientists developed the Declaration on Research Assessment, which calls for scientific output to be measured accurately and evaluated wisely.
It also calls for scientists and institutions to reevaluate the use of impact factor to assess individual scientific efforts .
References
External links
ASCB Education: iBiology - free online biology lectures
The ASCB Post
Non-profit organizations based in Maryland
Biology societies
Scientific organizations established in 1960
1960 establishments in Maryland
João Paulo Costa Cabreira (born 12 May 1982) is a Portuguese former cyclist.
Major results
2004
1st Road race, National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Overall Volta a Portugal do Futuro
1st Stage 4
2006
1st Overall Volta ao Algarve
1st Stage 5
1st Stage 7 Volta a Portugal
2008
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2009
1st Stage 5 Volta a Portugal
3rd Overall Troféu Joaquim Agostinho
1st Stage 2
2011
1st Road race, National Road Championships
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Portuguese male cyclists
Spyros Glynos (; born 2 December 1997) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a winger for Super League 2 club AEL.
References
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Panionios F.C. players
Kallithea F.C. players
Diagoras F.C. players
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. players
Association football wingers
Footballers from Athens
Michio Okamura is a computer game developer and artist. They were the lead artist for the popular computer game Diablo, and senior artist on Diablo II. They designed many of the game's characters, including the title character.  They are currently the art director for Rumble Entertainment.
Biography
Okamura began their artistic career as a comic book artist on Reggie Byers' Shuriken, as well as Comico's adaptations of Robotech. Afterwards they joined Condor Inc. as an artist working on the Sega Genesis title Justice League Task Force. At the time, Okamura did not have experience using the computer, so they drew most of the art on Justice League Task Force by hand.
They worked at Blizzard North on the Diablo franchise for over a decade. They were the Lead Artist for the first version of Diablo and created the concept design for the majority of the characters and monsters in the game, including Diablo himself.
On Diablo II, Okamura was a Senior Artist, and created character and monster concept designs, including the second incarnation of Diablo.
After Diablo II, Okamura worked as an Art Director establishing the pipeline and creative direction for several internal projects, and then joined Castaway Entertainment in 2004. In 2005, they founded and was president of Hyboreal Games with former Blizzard North employees Eric Sexton and Steven Woo. Hyboreal changed its name to U.I. Pacific, Okamura was the Creative Director. Okamura is currently working as an art director for Rumble Entertainment.
Works
Diablo II: Lord of Destruction (2001), Blizzard Entertainment Inc.
Diablo II (2000), Blizzard Entertainment Inc.
Diablo (1997), Blizzard Entertainment Inc.
Justice League Task Force (1995), Acclaim Entertainment, Inc.
References
External links
Michio Okamura at MobyGames
Official website for Hyboreal Games (archived)
Official website for U.I. Pacific (archived)
Blizzard Entertainment people
Japanese video game designers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Video game artists
Christine Brückner (10 December 1921, in Schmillinghausen, Bad Arolsen, Free State of Waldeck-Pyrmont – 21 December 1996, in Kassel) was a German writer. Them first novel, Before the Traces Disappear (Ehe die Spuren verwehen), was published in 1954.
Life
Christine Brückner, the daughter of pastor Carl Emde and their wife Clodtilde, was born in Schmillinghausen near Arolsen in the Free State of Waldeck-Pyrmont where they lived until 1934 when they moved to Kassel. They attended high school in Arolsen and Kassel, completing their Abitur (high-school graduation) in 1941.
During World War II, they were drafted for service in the General Command in Kassel, and then worked as a bookkeeper in an aircraft factory in Halle. After the war, they received a diploma as librarian in Stuttgart. They studied economics, literature, art history, and psychology in Marburg, where for two semesters they were director of the Mensa Academica. During that time, they wrote articles for the magazine Frauenwelt (Women's World) in Nuremberg. From 1948 to 1958, they were married to the industrial designer Werner Brückner (1920–1977). In 1960, they returned to Kassel, where, from 1967, they lived with their second husband and fellow writer Otto Heinrich Kühner (1921–1996), with whom they collaborated on several works.
From 1980 to 1984, they were Vice-President of the German PEN Center.  They are an honorary citizen of the city of Kassel. Brückner died in 1996, ten weeks after their husband. The couple is buried in Schmillinghausen.
In 1984, they established the Brückner-Kühner Foundation. Since 1985, it has awarded the Kassel Literary Prize for "grotesque and comic work" at a high artistic level.
The Foundation, now located in the house in which Christine Brückner and their husband lived, serves as a center for comic literature. It is now a small museum.
Major works
Christine Brückner's work focused on the fundamental conflicts between humans, particularly from a woman's perspective, while reflecting the author's Protestant worldview.
Brückner's first novel, Before the Traces Disappear (Ehe die Spuren verwehen, Gütersloh, 1954), allowed them to make a living as a freelance writer.
The manuscript won a competition run by the publisher Bertelsmann. In its first year it sold 376 thousand copies, and has since been translated into several languages.
It tells the story of a man who is involved in the accidental death of a young woman, and their existential crisis which follows.
They then published a number of other novels, which focus mainly on the topics of love, marriage and relationships from a woman's perspective, and on the possibilities for female self-realization.
In 1975, they appeared in Manure and Stock (Ffm / Bln.), followed by its sequels, Nowhere is Poenichen (Ffm / Bln. 1977) and The Quints (Ffm / Bln. 1985), which formed the so-called Poenichen trilogy.
Almost 1000 pages long, it tells the life story of Maximiliane Quint, born in 1918, the granddaughter of an aristocratic landowner in Pomerania.
In 1977 and 1978 Manure and Stock and Nowhere is Poenichen were filmed as a mini-series for television, featuring actors Ulrike Bliefert, Arno Assmann and Edda Seippel in leading roles.
The monologues Desdemona - if you had only spoken. Eleven uncensored speeches of eleven incensed women (in German, Hamburg, 1983, translated by Eleanor Bron, Virago Press, London, 1992) not only achieved widespread success and were translated into many languages, but also established Brückner as a playwright, as they were among the most performed plays at the time.
In tones from serious to cheerful, the work deals with historical and fictional female figures of Western cultural history, ranging from Clytemnestra to Christiane von Goethe to Gudrun Ensslin.
In addition to novels and stories, Brückner also published autobiographical works, plays and children's books.
Ullstein has published a 20-volume collection of the author's works.
Awards and honors
1954 Bertelsmann Prize contest for Before the Traces Disappear
1982 Goethe-Plakette des Landes Hessen
1987 Honorary Citizen of the city of Kassel
1990 Hessian Order of Merit
1991 Federal Cross of Merit 1st Class
1996 Grand Federal Cross of Merit
Works
Works in English
Flight of cranes, Fromm International Pub. Corp., 1982,
Gillyflower kid: a novel, Fromm International Pub. Corp., 1982,
The time of the Leonids, Charles River Books, 1981,
Stories and novels
Ehe die Spuren verwehen, 1954 (Before the traces disappear)
Katharina und der Zaungast, 1957 (Catherine and the onlooker)
Ein Frühling im Tessin, 1960 (A Spring in Ticino)
Die Zeit danach, 1961 (The aftermath)
Bella Vista und andere Erzählungen, 1963 (Bella Vista and Other Stories)
Letztes Jahr auf Ischia, (Last year at Ischia) Ullstein Verlag, Frankfurt/Berlin/Vienna 1964
Der Kokon, 1966 (The cocoon)
Das glückliche Buch der a.p., 1970 (The Happy Book of a.p.)
Überlebensgeschichten, 1973 (Survival Stories)
Jauche und Levkojen, 1975 (Manure and stock)
Die Mädchen aus meiner Klasse, 1975 (The girls in my class)
Nirgendwo ist Poenichen, 1977 (Nowhere is Poenichen)
Was ist schon ein Jahr. Frühe Erzählungen, 1984 (What's a year. Early Stories)
Das eine sein, das andere lieben, 1981 (Be the one, the other love)
Die Quints, Ullstein, 1985, (The Quints)
Die letzte Strophe, 1989 (The last stanza)
Früher oder später, 1994 (Sooner or later)
Dramatic monologues
Wenn du geredet hättest, Desdemona - Ungehaltene Reden ungehaltener Frauen (If you had Spoken, Desdemona - Indignant Speeches, Indignant Women) Hoffman and Campe, Hamburg 1983
Child and youth books
Alexander der Kleine. Eine heitere Erzählung, (Alexander the Little One. An amusing story) 1966
A brother for Momoko. London: The Bodley Head 1970 (dt.: Ein Bruder für Momoko, 1981)
Wie Sommer und Winter, (As Summer and Winter) 1971
Momoko und Chibi, (Momoko and Chibi) 1974
Die Weltreise der Ameise, (The world tour of the ant) 1974
Momoko ist krank, (Momoko is sick) 1979
Mal mir ein Haus with Otto Heinrich Kühner, (Time for me a home) 1980
Momoko und der Vogel, (Momoko and Bird) 1982
Publishing activities
Botschaften der Liebe in deutschen Gedichten des 20. Jahrhunderts, (Messages of love in German poems of the 20th Century) 1960.
An mein Kind. Deutsche Gedichte des 20. Jahrhunderts, (To my child. German poems of the 20th Century) 1962
Juist. Ein Lesebuch, (Juist. A reader) 1984
Lesezeit. Eine persönliche Anthologie, (Reading time. A personal anthology) 1986
Literature
About Christine Brückner. Essays, reviews, interviews, ed. Gunther v. Tietz. Second Ed Frankfurt include: Ullstein 1990th (=Ullstein book; 22 173)
Margarita Jacobaeus: "To read recommended." Readings of Christine Brückner Poenichen trilogy. A reception-aesthetic study. Stockholm: Almqvist and Wiksell Internat. 1995th (Stockholm Germanistic research; 51)
Karin Muller: "Life sometimes stays close to the literature." The archetypes in the Poenichen novels Christine Brückner. Glienicke / Berlin etc.: Galda and Wilch 2000th
Elvira Pachura: Poland - the lost homeland. For the problem at home Horst Bienek, Leonie Ossowski, Christa Wolf, Christine Brückner. Stuttgart: ibidem-Verlag. 2002nd
Pawel Zimniak: The lost time in the lost empire. Christine Brückner's family saga and Leonie Ossovsky family chronicle. Zielona Góra: Wydaw. Wyzszej szkoły pedagog. 1996th
Christine Brückner and Otto Heinrich Kühner. "The only workable Author Association", ed. v. Frederick W. Block. Kassel: euregio publisher 2007th
References
External links
Biografie Christine Brückner
Stiftung Brückner-Kühner | Christine Brückner, Otto Heinrich Kühner und Dichterhaus
1921 births
1996 deaths
People from Bad Arolsen
People from the Free State of Waldeck-Pyrmont
Writers from Hesse
German women novelists
20th-century German women writers
20th-century German novelists
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Mohsin Wali is an Indian cardiologist and a former honorary physician to R. Venkataraman and Shankar Dayal Sharma and the serving physician to Pranab Mukherjee. Their first assignment as a physician to the President of India was with R. Venkataraman, at the age of 33, making them the youngest physician to serve an Indian President.  They are the only physician to have served three Presidents of India. The Government of India awarded them the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2007, for their contributions to Indian medicine.
Biography
Mohsin Wali was born in Bijnor, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, to Mehboob Subhani and Alia Wali couple, on 28 November 1953. After graduating in science from Aligarh Muslim University in 1970, they graduated in medicine from Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College and followed it up with a post graduate degree from the Kanpur University in 1979. In 1975, they joined Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, Kanpur as a resident physician and after one year, they were promoted as a senior registrar and tutor, a post they held till the completion of their post graduation in 1979. They joined GB Pant Hospital in 1980 as a medical officer for a one-year stint and moved to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital (formerly Willingdon Hospital) in 1981 as a member of faculty and served the institution till 1990, the same year as they were awarded an honorary doctorate by Moscow University. In 2014, they also secured a master's degree on business administration (MBA) in Health Care Services from Sikkim Manipal University.
In 1990, Wali was appointed as the honorary physician to R. Venkataraman, the eighth President of India, at the age of 33, the youngest physician to receive the honour. They also served as an advisor to Surat Medical Trust concurrently. When Shankar Dayal Sharma became the President of India, Wali had a second opportunity to serve an Indian President.  They are also the honorary physician to Pranab Mukherjee, the incumbent President, thus becoming the first physician to serve three Indian Presidents, and is a member of the State delegation during Presidential visits.  They are a patron of the Accident Relief Society, New Delhi and the Minority Development and Protection Foundation and a nodal officer for Aids Control, under the President's Estate.  They are a member of the Maternity and Welfare Division of the Indian Red Cross and a former editorial board member of the Indian Heart Journal.  They are a fellow of the International College of Nutrition and a member of the organizations such as New York Academy of Sciences, National Society of Geriatrics, National Society for the Prevention of Blindness and Cardiological Society of India.  They are also associated with Qnet, as a member of their Scientific Advisory Board and has contributed chapters to medical texts.
Wali, who is reported to have contributed to the introduction of geriatric medicine in India, is a Fellow of the American College of Cardiology as well as the World Health Organization. The Government of India awarded them the civilian honour of the Padma Shri in 2007.
Awards
Padma Shri Award in 2007 by the Government of India for their contributions towards Indian medicine
Personal life
Wali is married to Farukh Naaz, who is philanthropist, social worker, and an alumnus of the Aligarh Muslim University, and the couple has three sons and one daughter.
References
External links
Further reading
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
Indian cardiologists
Living people
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
Sikkim Manipal University
Indian medical writers
Indian people of Pashtun descent
People from Bijnor district
Medical doctors from Uttar Pradesh
1953 births
20th-century Indian medical doctors
Fellows of the American College of Cardiology
Recipients of the Padma Shri
Aero Synergie SARL, also called ULM Synergy SARL, is a French aircraft manufacturer based in Villefrancœur. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of light aircraft and kit aircraft.
Formed in November 2009, the company took over the assets of Sauper/ALMS, including its J300 Joker and Papango aircraft designs. These aircraft are now out of production, but Aero Synergie continues to produce parts for the J300. The company produces the Sky Ranger and also acts as distributor for the Zenair line of Canadian light aircraft kits and the ICP Savannah series.
Aircraft
References
External links
Aircraft manufacturers of France
Companies based in Centre-Val de Loire
The 2009–10 Coupe de France is the 93rd season of the French most prestigious cup competition, organized by the French Football Federation, and is open to all clubs in French football, as well as clubs from the overseas departments and territories (Guadeloupe, French Guiana, Martinique, Mayotte, New Caledonia, French Polynesia, and Réunion). All of the teams that enter the competition, but were not members of Ligue 1 or Ligue 2, have to compete in the regional qualifying rounds. The regional qualifying rounds determine the number of regional clubs that will earn spots in the 7th round and normally lasts six rounds.
See Coupe de France 2009–10 for details of the rounds from the 7th Round onwards.
Calendar
On 23 June 2009, the French Football Federation announced the calendar for the Coupe de France.
All times in the following tables are CET unless otherwise noted.
Second round
Alsace
Aquitaine
Atlantique
Auvergne
Basse-Normandie
Bourgogne
Bretagne
Centre
Centre-Ouest
Champagne-Ardenne
Franche-Comté
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Guadeloupe
Haute-Normandie
Languedoc-Roussillon
Lorraine
Maine
Martinique
Mayotte
Méditerranée
New Caledonia
Nord-Pas de Calais
Picardie
Réunion
Rhône-Alpes
See also
Coupe de France 2009–10
2009–10 Coupe de France Preliminary Round
2009–10 Coupe de France 3rd through 4th Rounds
2009–10 Coupe de France 5th through 6th Rounds
Ligue 1 2009–10
Ligue 2 2009–10
Championnat National 2009–10
Championnat de France Amateurs 2009–10
Championnat de France Amateurs 2 2009-10
References
External links
Official site
1
The mandibular incisive canal is a bony canal within the anterior mandible that runs bilaterally from the mental foramina usually to the region of the ipsilateral lateral incisor teeth. After branching into the mental nerve that exits the foramen of the same name, the inferior alveolar nerve continues anteriorly within the mandibular incisive canal as the incisive nerve, providing innervation to the mandibular first premolar, canine and lateral and central incisors. The mandibular incisive nerve either terminates as nerve endings within the anterior teeth or adjacent bone, or may join nerve endings that enter through the tiny lingual foramen.
The incisive canal is typically found within the middle third of the mandible in an apico-coronal dimension, reaching the midline 18% of the time.
See also
Maxillary incisive canal
References
Bones of the head and neck
Seven Years or 7 Years may refer to:
7 Years (film), 2006 French drama film
"7 Years" (Lukas Graham song), 2015
"7 Years" (Superheist song), 2002
Seven Years, a song from Natalie Merchant's album Tigerlily
Seven Years (album), by Mark Mallman
Seven Years: 1998–2005, album by ATB
Seven Years (1998–2005), DVD by ATB, released with the special edition of the album
"Seven Years", a song by Level 42 on the album Guaranteed
"Seven Years", a song by Norah Jones on the album Come Away with Me
"Seven Years", a song by Saosin on the EP Translating the Name
"7 Years", a song by Everlast on the album Whitey Ford Sings the Blues
See also
Seven Year Itch (disambiguation)
Seven Year War (disambiguation)
7 (number)
Fort Amherst Lighthouse, also known as the Fort Amherst Light, is a lighthouse in Fort Amherst, St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. The first lighthouse at Fort Amherst was established in 1813, with the current lighthouse (built in 1951) being the third to stand at the site. The lighthouse was decommissioned in 1982 and declared a heritage site in 2014. It is currently protected and the buildings around the lighthouse are owned by the family of a former keeper.
References
Lighthouses in Newfoundland and Labrador
1813 establishments in Canada
Harry Stott (born 30 September 1995), from Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, is a British stage and television actor and a journalist. As a child they starred in the West End production of Mary Poppins, and later as the lead role in Andrew Lloyd Weber's Oliver!. They also had television roles, most notably as the character of Lupus in the BBC's Roman Mysteries.
Acting career
Stott's theatre experience includes the role of Michael Banks in the West End theatre production of Mary Poppins for which they also sang in the cast recording.
In 2008, they were one of three boys selected on the TV show I'd Do Anything to share the title role in Cameron Mackintosh's 2009 West End revival of Oliver! at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane. They alternated the role with Gwion Wyn Jones and Laurence Jeffcoate. The cast featured Jodie Prenger who won their role of Nancy on I'd Do Anything, Burn Gorman as Bill Sikes and Rowan Atkinson as Fagin. They performed on the show's opening night of 14 January 2009, and is featured on the cast recording. They played the role from January until July 2009.
They played the character of Lupus in the television series Roman Mysteries, based on the novels of the same name by Caroline Lawrence. Lupus cannot speak, and interacts with their friends through sign language, writing and drawing.
Later career
Stott is now an independent journalist, and has worked as a producer at Adrift Entertainment. They host a monthly radio show on London's TWR (Totally Wired Radio).
Further reading
References
External links
Harry Stott at Broadway World.com
1995 births
Living people
English male child actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
People from Henley-on-Thames
Reality casting show winners
Bellapais Abbey (also spelled Bellapaïs) is the ruin of a monastery built by Canons Regular in the 13th century on the northern side of the small village of Bellapais, now in Turkish-controlled Northern Cyprus, about five kilometres from the town of Kyrenia. The ruin is at an altitude of 220 m above sea level, and commands a long view down to Kyrenia and the Mediterranean sea.
The site is also a museum, which hosts a restaurant and a cafe. The Abbey's refectory now serves as a venue for concerts and lectures. In early summer it is also a venue for a local music festival.
Opening hours from June to mid-September are 9am to 7pm; the winter hours are 9am to 1 pm and 2pm to 4:45pm. Opening hours from mid-September to May are 9am to 5pm. There is an admission charge of 15 TL.
History
The site was formerly named Episcopia or Piscopia, suggesting that it may have served the Bishop of Kyrenia as a residence, and as a place of refuge from Arab raids in the 7th and 8th centuries. The first occupants known to have settled on or near the site were the Canons Regular of the Holy Sepulchre, who had fled Jerusalem after its fall in 1187 to Saladin. The canons had been the custodians of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
Aimery de Lusignan founded the monastery, with the first buildings dating to between 1198–1205. The abbey was consecrated as the Abbey of St. Mary of the Mountain. The White Canons (Norbertines or Premonstratensians) succeeded the founding canons in 1206. Consequently, documents from the 15th and 16th century refer to Bellapais as the "White Abbey". The common explanation of the modern name Bellapais is that the French name ("Abbey of Peace") was corrupted after the Italian takeover into "Bellapais", reinterpreted as "Beautiful Land". George Francis Hill was unconvinced of both the French and Italian portions of this derivation. Blessed Anne Catherine Emmerich says that this was the ancient Jewish village of "Mallep," visited by Jesus Christ.
The main building as it can be seen today was built during the rule of King Hugh III 1267–1284. The cloisters and the refectory were constructed during the rule of King Hugh IV between 1324–1359. Hugh IV lived in the abbey and had apartments constructed for their use.
In 1373, the Genoese raided Kyrenia, almost destroying Kyrenia Castle. The Genoese stripped Bellapais of anything that was portable and of any value.
By 1489 the Venetians had taken control of Cyprus. By the time of the Venetians, the inhabitants of the Abbey had abandoned the Premonstratensian Rule. Reportedly, canons took wives, and then to keep the business within the family, accepted only their children as novices.
Following the Ottoman conquest of Kyrenia and Kyrenia Castle in 1571, the Ottomans expelled the Premonstratensians and gave the abbey to the Greek Orthodox Church of Cyprus, which they appointed as the only legal Christian church on Cyprus. The Church of Cyprus neglected the Abbey, which fell into disrepair. However, the abbey church itself came to serve as the parish church for the village that grew up around it, and whose inhabitants may have used the abbey as a quarry for stone.
During the period of British control of Cyprus (1878-1960), the British Army initially took control of Bellapais. In 1878 they cemented the floor of the refectory, which they then used as a hospital. Unfortunately, the soldiers also fired off small arms in the refectory; one may still see bullet holes in the east wall. Then in 1912 George Jeffery, Curator of the Ancient Monuments of Cyprus, undertook repairs of the abbey.
Structure
The abbey consists of a church and a cloister, with most of the monastic buildings surrounding the cloister. In Britain these would normally be built on the south side of the church to shelter the living quarters from the cold air from the north. At Bellapais, the monastic buildings are on the north, probably to be cooler, although occasionally the lay of the land dictated position.
The Abbey's main entrance is through a fortified gate on the south side, with a tower that is a later addition, and a forecourt. The gateway replaced an earlier drawbridge.
The church, which dates to the 13th century, itself borders the courtyard and is the best preserved part of the complex. The Italian murals on the facade may date to the 15th century. The church has a flat roof and a belfry, with only one surviving bell, above the entrance. The church consists of a nave with two side aisles, a choir and a sacristy. The surviving decorations include an intricately carved pulpit, the bishop's throne, and five chandeliers. It is possible that the graves of several Lusignan kings rest beneath the floor of the church.
The forecourt leads to the cloister, which has 18 arches. Under one of the arches on the north side there are two Roman sarcophagi that the canons once used as lavabos. The sarcophagi are one above the other, with the upper one being decorated, and the lower one plain. Water flowed from the upper to the lower, and then out a channel to the cloister garden.
Behind the sarcophagi there is a door that leads to the canons' refectory. The door's lintel contains coats of arms of Cyprus, Jerusalem, and the Lusignans. The refectory is Gothic in design and is the finest room in the Abbey. It includes a pulpit that projects from the north wall, six windows on the north wall that illuminate the space, and a rose window on the eastern wall. The room is 30m long and 10m wide, with seven columns that extend from the side walls to support the roof. While the canons ate their meals, a lector in the pulpit would read to them from the scriptures or the lives of the saints. The six windows provide a lovely view across the countryside to the sea. A door on the western wall leads to the kitchen and to a cellar built under the refectory. The rooms between the refectory and the kitchen may once have been the abbey's lavatories.
The chapter house is on the eastern side of the cloister, as is the undercroft. The chapter house functioned as the abbey's administrative office, and the undercroft contained workrooms. The chapter house has an interesting Gothic stone carving. The carving depicts a man with a double ladder on their back, a second man between two sirens, a woman reading, two beasts attacking a man, a woman with a rosary, a monkey and a cat in the foliage of a pear tree under which there is a man holding a shield, and a canon wearing a cloak. The column in the center of the chapter house may have come from a Byzantine church. The canons' cells were on a second floor, above the chapter house and the undercroft.
There are several stairs from the cloisters. Three give access to the roof. On the south side of the cloister there is a pair of stairs that lead to the abbey's treasury room, which is in the northwest corner of the monastery.
See also
Premonstratensians
Hayton of Corycus
References
North Cyprus: Bellapais
Medieval Cyprus
Historic sites in Cyprus
Christian monasteries established in the 13th century
Augustinian monasteries
Premonstratensian monasteries
Gothic architecture in Cyprus
The 1949 Tangerine Bowl was an American college football bowl game played after the 1948 season, on January 1, 1949, at the Tangerine Bowl stadium in Orlando, Florida. The game was the third annual Tangerine Bowl, now known as the Citrus Bowl, and saw Murray State tie Sul Ross, 21–21. The game was the Tangerine Bowl's first tie; there would not be another tie until the 1954 Tangerine Bowl. This game was also the highest scoring tie in Tangerine Bowl history, throughout all name changes. This game was the first Tangerine Bowl where MVP honors were awarded; they were given to halfbacks Dale McDaniel of Murray State and Ted Scown of Sul Ross State.
Game summary
The first quarter saw only seven points scored, as Ted Scown from Sul Ross found the end zone from 1 yard out. The second quarter featured half of the game's scoring; Sul Ross increased its lead with a 13-yard touchdown run followed by a 29-yard touchdown reception, both of these scores also being made by Scown. Murray State then fought back with an 85-yard kickoff return by Joe Bronson for a touchdown, and the game went to halftime 21–7. The third quarter was scoreless. In the fourth quarter, Dale McDaniels of Murray State scored two rushing touchdowns, one from 7 yards and the other from 36 yards. The game ended with the Lobos and Racers tied at 21.
Scoring summary
References
Tangerine Bowl
Citrus Bowl (game)
Murray State Racers football bowl games
Sul Ross Lobos football bowl games
Tangerine Bowl
Tangerine Bowl
The Youth Justice Court of the Northern Territory is an Australian court which hears and determines cases concerning crimes committed by children under the age of 18 years in the Northern Territory.
Colonial times
The treatment of juvenile offenders in the colonies of Australia, e.g. New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, Victoria and Queensland reflected the system of criminal law inherited from England. There was nothing unusual in that as the law of Australia at that time was heavily influenced by the social norms of English society.
As a result, children criminals were treated no differently than adult criminals. They were liable to the same harsh penalties. The Judicial Commission of New South Wales cites an example of one English judge who, after condemning a 10-year-old boy to death, described the boy as “a proper subject for capital punishment”. The commission also noted that on one day in 1815, five children aged between eight and 12 years were hanged for petty larceny in England.
Children's court began to be set up in Australia in the early 1900s. The Judicial Commission of New South Wales states the first court in New South Wales was set up in the spirit of parens patriae, a jurisdiction that was exercised by the superior courts of the United Kingdom and, as a consequence, of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. Children's courts were set up in light of the widespread poverty and child neglect at that time. The courts had to assume the role of parent, protector and ultimate punisher.
Current court
The present court is actually a continuation of the Juvenile Court of the Northern Territory constituted under the repealed Juvenile Justice Act 1983 (NT) under a different name.
Extensive changes were made to the criminal law relating to children following a discussion paper on a review of the Juvenile Justice Act publicly released in March 2004. The changes envisaged that the justice system would encourage children to be accountable for their behaviour, whilst at the same time balancing the interest of victims and the community. Certain guiding principles would help police and courts deal with offenders. These were:
The following are general principles that must be taken into account in the administration of this Act:
Children must be held accountable and encouraged to accept responsibility for the behaviour.
Children should be dealt with in a way that acknowledges their needs and will provide them with the opportunity to develop in socially responsible ways.
Children should only be kept in custody for an offence (whether on arrest, in remand or under sentence) as a last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time.
Children must be dealt with in the criminal law system in a manner consistent with their age and maturity and have the same rights and protection before the law as would an adult in similar circumstances.
Children should be made aware of their obligations under the law and of the consequences of contravening the law.
Children who commit an offence should be dealt with in a way that allows them or them to be re-integrated into the community.
A balanced approach must be taken between the needs of children, the rights of any victim of the youth's offence and the interests of the community.
Family relationships between a child and members of their family should, where appropriate, be preserved and strengthened.
Children should not be withdrawn unnecessarily from the family environment and there should be no unnecessary interruption of a youth's education or employment.
A child's sense of racial, ethnic or cultural identity should be acknowledged and they should have the opportunity to maintain it.
A victim of an offence committed by a child should be given the opportunity to participate in the process of dealing with the child for the offence.
A responsible adult in respect of a child should be encouraged to fulfil their responsibility for the care and supervision of the child.
A decision affecting a child should, as far as practicable, be made and implemented within a time frame appropriate to the child's sense of time.
Punishment of a child must be designed to give them or them an opportunity to develop a sense of social responsibility and otherwise to develop in beneficial and socially acceptable ways.
If practicable, an Aboriginal youth should be dealt with in a way that involves the youth's community.
Programs and services should be culturally appropriate, promote their health and self-respect; foster their sense of responsibility; and encourage attitudes and the development of skills that will help them to develop their potential as members of society.
Unless the public interest requires otherwise, criminal proceedings should not be instituted or continued against a child if there are alternative means of dealing with the matter.
As far as practicable, proceedings in relation to child offenders must be conducted separately from proceedings in relation to adult offenders.
Composition
The court is composed of magistrates and youth magistrates. Every stipendiary magistrate of the Magistrates Court of the Northern Territory is automatically a magistrate of the court.
In addition, the Chief Magistrate of the Northern Territory may appoint magistrates as youth magistrates.
In either case, both magistrates have jurisdiction to make orders in the court.
Unlike other states and territories of Australia, there is no senior or children's magistrate.
Jurisdiction
The court exercises criminal jurisdiction under the Youth Justice Act (NT).
References
Sources
Youth Justice Act (NT) http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/nt/consol_act/yja185/
Judicial Commission, The nexus between sentencing and rehabilitation in the Children's Court of NSW https://web.archive.org/web/20060821190214/http://jc.nsw.gov.au/monograph26/mono26.pdf
Second Reading, Northern Territory Parliament, http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/nt/bill_srs/yjab22005462/srs.html
Northern Territory courts and tribunals
Northern Territory
1983 establishments in Australia
Courts and tribunals established in 1983
Bambui is an emerging township in northwestern Cameroon. With a population of about 17,000 people, it is located at an elevation of about 1350 metres above sea level. Administratively, Bambui is the headquarters of Tubah Sub-Division in the North West Region of Cameroon. Popularly known to its inhabitants as “abeh-mbeuh,” Bambui is one of the Bamenda grassfield communities of Cameroon, and is known for its mix of modern and indigenous African life. With its lush, rolling, and fertile plains, a mild tropical climate, and an extremely industrious farming community, Bambui is the bread basket of the North West Region in particular and of Cameroon in general. Lying snug in the immense arms of the Sabga hill, Bambui is situated between Sabga and the undulating foothills that separate it with its neighbors, virtually in the shape of a bowl. Bambui is located at the cross-roads that lead to some of the North West Region's major towns of Bamenda, Ndop, Kumbo, Fundong and Nkambé.
With its strategic location, excellent road infrastructure, and a galaxy of educational and religious institutions such as the government owned Institute of Agricultural Research and Development (IRAD), the School of Agriculture of the University of Dschang, a National Polytechnic and catholic institutions such as the Saint Thomas Aquinas Major Seminary (STAM), a Nunnery called Capuchin Friars, two communities or Convents of Reverend Sisters, as well as the hospitality of the people, Bambui is metamorphosing into a metropolis, but without compromising its culture and cultural identity.
Culturally and administratively, Bambui has been a fondom in its own right for nearly 400 years. Ruled by a Paramount Chief and made up of the sub-chiefdoms of Manju, Mallam, Matulaah, Fingeh, and Alaakubeh, the people of Bambui trace their ancestry to the Tikar tribe, which originated from the Adamawa, North and Far North Regions of present-day Cameroon. Like most Bamenda grassfield fondoms, the people of Bambui migrated to their present location in waves, and led by princes or family heads who had the desire of setting up their own dynasties. The first arrivals were the people of Manju, Matulaah and Mallam who as descendants of the same family were led by their own family heads or princes. The people of Alaakubeh and Fingeh sub-chiefdoms on the other hand, migrated to Bambui much later in the 20th century from Santa sub-Division and Kom in Boyo Division following chieftaincy and/or land disputes between them and their ancestral homes. In fact, the people of Alaakubeh and Fingeh were offered residence in Bambui by the late Fon Amungwafor II who ruled the fondom from 1947 to 1995.
External links
Bambui Fondom
National Polytechnic
Saint Thomas Aquinas Major Seminary
University of Dschang
References
Populated places in Cameroon
Potato tree is a common name which may refer to several large species of nightshade (genus Solanum), especially:
Solanum crinitum (syn. Solanum macranthum), the giant star potato tree
Solanum crispum, the Chilean potato tree
Solanum erianthum, the potato tree
Solanum wrightii, the Brazilian potato tree
Origawa Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and power production. The catchment area of the dam is 55 km2. The dam impounds about 111 ha of land when full and can store 15100 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1979 and completed in 2003.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Cleveland County (formerly Dorsey County) is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. Its population was 8,689 at the 2010 U.S. census. The county seat and largest city is Rison.
Cleveland County is included in the Pine Bluff, AR Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Little Rock-North Little Rock, AR Combined Statistical Area.
History
The Arkansas legislature established Dorsey County as Arkansas's 71st county on April 17, 1873, naming it for Stephen W. Dorsey, the U.S. Senator from Arkansas. When they were indicted for defrauding the Post Office, they renamed it on March 5, 1885, for Grover Cleveland, the newly elected President of the United States.
The Battle of Mark's Mills, the pivotal engagement in the Union Army's ill-fated Camden Expedition during the U.S. Civil War, took place in what is now Cleveland County. This engagement resulted in a crushing victory for Confederate forces, though the victory ultimately proved to be hollow when Federal General Frederick Steele and the rest of their army managed to escape from Camden to Little Rock.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 63
U.S. Highway 79
U.S. Highway 167
Highway 8
Highway 11
Highway 15 (now US 63)
Highway 35
Highway 54
Highway 97
Highway 114
Highway 133
Highway 189
Highway 212
Adjacent counties
Grant County (northwest)
Jefferson County (northeast)
Lincoln County (east)
Drew County (southeast)
Bradley County (south)
Calhoun County (southwest)
Dallas County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 7,550 people, 3,217 households, and 2,254 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 8,571 people, 3,273 households, and 2,513 families residing in the county. The population density was 14 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 3,834 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 84.79% White, 13.22% Black or African American, 0.32% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.68% from other races, and 0.83% from two or more races. 1.62% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,273 households, out of which 34.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.70% were married couples living together, 9.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.20% were non-families. 21.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 24.70% from 45 to 64, and 13.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,405, and the median income for a family was $38,164. Males had a median income of $31,282 versus $21,172 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,362. About 11.40% of families and 15.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.50% of those under age 18 and 15.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Kingsland
Rison (county seat)
Census-designated places
New Edinburg
Rye
Staves
Woodlawn
Townships
Bowman
Hudgin
Harper (Herbine)
Hurricane (CDP Rye)
Kingsland (Kingsland)
Lee
Miller (CDP Woodlawn)
Niven-Jackson
Redland (CDP New Edinburg)
Rison (Rison)
Rowell
Saline
Smith
White Oak (CDP Staves)
Whiteville (Randall)
Government
Cleveland County has trended heavily towards the Republican Party in recent presidential elections. As of 2020 the last Democrat to carry the county was Bill Clinton, an Arkansas native, in 1996.
Education
School districts serving portions of the county:
Cleveland County School District
Malvern Special School District
Star City School District
Woodlawn School District
Notable people
Monroe Schwarzlose, a turkey farmer and political maverick who polled 31 percent of the vote against Governor Bill Clinton in the 1980 Democratic primary. They won in Cleveland County.
Harvey Parnell, the 29th governor of Arkansas, 1928-1933
Youell Swinney, the only major suspect in the Texarkana Phantom slayings, hailed from Cleveland County. They were the son of a Baptist minister.
Johnny Cash was born in Kingsland.
Coach Paul "Bear" Bryant was born in Moro Bottom.
Tyrell Johnson plays safety in the NFL was born and raised in Rison.
See also
List of lakes in Cleveland County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cleveland County, Arkansas
References
External links
The Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1873 establishments in Arkansas
Pine Bluff metropolitan area
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1873
O'Cain Point () is a point lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Duthoit Point on the east side of Nelson Island, in the South Shetland Islands. The name O'Cain's Island, after the American sealing vessel O'Cain (Captain Jonathan Winship) from Boston, MA, was applied by the Stonington sealers in 1820–21 to Nelson Island, but this name did not become established. O'Cain Point was applied by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1961 to preserve the American name in the area.
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Headlands of the South Shetland Islands
Gustav Wilhelm August Josef Ricker (November 2, 1870 – September 23, 1948) was a German physician and pathologist born in Hadamar, Hesse-Nassau.
They studied philosophy and medicine at several universities, earning their doctorate in 1893 at the University of Berlin. In 1897 they received their habilitation under Albert Thierfelder (1842-1908) at the University of Rostock, and from 1906 until 1933 was head of pathology at the city hospitals (Altstadt and Sudenburg) in Magdeburg. Afterwards they worked as a private scholar in Berlin and Dresden.
Ricker is remembered for their Stufengesetz (law of stages), relating the intensity of neural stimulation to blood flow in capillaries, and also Relationspathologie (relational pathology), in which they maintain that the root of pathological processes are a neural process and not a cellular process.
Today in Magdeburg, Gustav-Ricker-Straße and Gustav-Ricker-Krankenhaus are named in their honor.
Selected publications
Entwurf einer Relationspathologie, 1905
Grundlinien einer Logik der Physiologie als reiner Naturwissenschaft, 1912
Pathologie als Naturwissenschaft – Relationspathologie – Für Pathologen, Physiologen, Mediziner und Biologen, 1924
Wissenschaftstheoretische Aufsätze für Ärzte, 1936
References
Parts of this article are based on a translation of the equivalent article from the German Wikipedia.
Uni-Magdeburg by Horst Peter Wolff, translated biography
External links
1870 births
1948 deaths
People from Limburg-Weilburg
German pathologists
People from Hesse-Nassau
Tim Väyrynen (born 30 March 1993) is a Finnish professional footballer who plays as a striker for KuPS in the Finnish Veikkausliiga. Väyrynen was born in Espoo, Finland. They began their senior club career playing for Honka, before signing with Borussia Dortmund II at age 20 in 2014.
Väyrynen made their international debut for Finland in October 2013, at the age of 20 and has since had over 10 caps, including appearing in UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying.
Club career
FC Honka
They were selected as the Player of the Month for June 2013 and October 2013 and to the Team of the Month for June, September and October 2013 in Veikkausliiga.
Väyrynen finished the season as the top goal scorer with 17 league goals in 24 appearances for the 2013 Veikkausliiga. At the end of the season, they were officially selected as the striker of the year and the player of the year 2013.
Borussia Dortmund II
On 10 January 2014, they joined reserve side Borussia Dortmund II for an undisclosed fee. On 22 February, Väyrynen scored on their 3. Liga debut against MSV Duisburg.
Viktoria Köln
On 30 January 2015, Väyrynen left Dortmund II and joined fourth tier Regionalliga West side Viktoria Köln on loan for the remainder of the 2014–15 season. On 14 February, they scored in their league debut against SV Rödinghausen.
Dynamo Dresden
On 3 July 2015, they joined Dynamo Dresden. On 25 July 2015, Väyrynen scored on their Dynamo Dresden 3. Liga debut against Stuttgart II besides assisting two goals. During season 2015–16 they gained 14 caps and scored 3 goals.
Hansa Rostock
On 19 January 2017 it was announced that Väyrynen had signed a contract with Hansa Rostock.
Roda
After two seasons in Hansa on Väyrynen joined Roda JC on a one-year contract with an option for two more years.
KuPS
On 2 August 2021, they signed a contract with KuPS until the end of 2022.
International career
Youth
Väyrynen scored a hat-trick when Finland U21 beat Wales U21 5-1 in Bangor 14 August 2013 in UEFA U21 qualifications.
Senior
They made their debut for the Finnish national team on 30 October 2013 in a friendly match in Qualcomm Stadium, San Diego against Mexico when they replaced Mikael Forssell as a substitute for the second half. They made their second appearance for Finland national football team in match against the Czech Republic on 21 May 2014. They made their UEFA European Championship qualification match debut on 7 September 2015 in a match against Faroe Islands when they entered as a 74th minute substitute for Riku Riski.
Personal life
Their father is former Finnish league striker Mika Väyrynen (not to be confused with the Finnish international Mika Väyrynen).
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours and achievements
Club
Honka
Finnish Cup: 2012
Finnish League Cup: 2010, 2011
Veikkausliiga: Runner-up 2013
Viktoria Köln
Middle Rhine Cup: 2015
Dynamo Dresden
3. Liga: 2016
Hansa Rostock
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Cup: 2017, 2018
Individual
Veikkausliiga Player of the year 2013
Veikkausliiga Top Scorer 2013
Veikkausliiga Striker of the year 2013
Finland national under-21 football team Player of the Year 2013
References
External links
Why You Should Have Heard Of Tim Väyrynen at The Inside Left
1993 births
Living people
Finnish footballers
Finland youth international footballers
Finland under-21 international footballers
Finland international footballers
Association football forwards
FC Honka players
Borussia Dortmund II players
FC Viktoria Köln players
Dynamo Dresden players
FC Hansa Rostock players
Roda JC Kerkrade players
Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi players
KF Tirana players
Kuopion Palloseura players
Veikkausliiga players
3. Liga players
2. Bundesliga players
Eerste Divisie players
Kategoria Superiore players
Finnish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Footballers from Espoo
Robert Mackie (7 September 1884 – 1943) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Scottish League for Airdrieonians, Third Lanark and Heart of Midlothian as a full back. They also played in the Football League for Chelsea and Leicester Fosse.
Honours
Heart of Midlothian
Rosebery Charity Cup: 1903–04
Career statistics
References
1884 births
Scottish footballers
English Football League players
Stenhousemuir F.C. players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Chelsea F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Airdrieonians F.C. (1878) players
Association football fullbacks
1943 deaths
Third Lanark A.C. players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
Footballers from Stirling
Scottish Football League players
Royana (2006–2010) was Iran's and the Middle East's first successfully cloned sheep. Royana was a brown male domestic sheep and was cloned in the Royan Research Institute in Isfahan, Iran (The word Royan means embryo in Persian). They were the second cloned sheep in Royan Research Institute, but whereas the first sheep died few hours after birth, Royana lived for a few years.
Birth
On September 30, 2006, a group of scientists in Iran cloned Royana from an adult cell in a test tube in a laboratory. After the embryo proved its stability, scientists transferred it to the uterus of a female sheep. After a period of 145 days, Royana was born by caesarean section. Despite critical conditions, they survived and thrived. Royana was born on April 15, 2006, 1:30 am at Isfahan campus of Royan Institute by cesarean section in a healthy condition.
Death
Royana was euthanized after the abdominal pain was traced to their liver. It was also thought that Royana suffered premature death syndrome. Royana died at the age of three.
Their birth was a great step in the production of transgenic lambs containing factor IX transgenic, which is helpful in human blood clotting.
References
External links
1host2u.com
tabnak.ir
2006 animal births
2010 animal deaths
Cloned sheep
Individual animals in Iran
animal deaths by euthanasia
Michal Ciszek (born 22 January 1978) is a former Canadian professional tennis player.
Ciszek, who came to Canada from Poland, had career best rankings of 536 in singles and 366 in doubles.
During their career they made two ATP Challengers doubles semi-finals and featured in the doubles main draw of the 2002 Canada Masters in Toronto, as a wildcard pairing with Philip Gubenco.
Ciszek married tennis player Natalia Cretu.
ITF Futures titles
Doubles: (2)
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Canadian male tennis players
Polish emigrants to Canada
Cevizler is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The Ryan S-C (Sports-Coupe) (or Sport Cabin) was an American three-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by the Ryan Aeronautical Company. At least one was impressed into service with the United States Army Air Forces as the L-10.
Development
The Ryan S-C was a low-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear, designed to be an up-market version of the Ryan S-T trainer. The prototype first flew in 1937, and had a nose-mounted 150 hp (112 kW) Menasco inline piston engine. Production aircraft were fitted with a 145 hp (108 kW) Warner Super Scarab radial engine. With the company's involvement in producing trainer aircraft for the United States military, the S-C was not seriously marketed, and only 11 complete SCs (s/n 202 through 212) were built, all delivered in 1938; two more were later assembled from parts (s/n 213 in 1941 and s/n 214 in 1959). At least one example – probably as many as five, s/n 202, 203, 207, 211 and 212 – were impressed into service with the Civil Air Patrol, auxiliary of the United States Army Air Forces for anti-submarine patrol and warfare duties on the East coast of the US, and was designated the L-10. At the start of the 21st Century, four examples were still airworthy in the United States.
Variants
S-C later S-C-M
Prototype powered by a 150hp (112kW) Menasco C4S inline engine, one built later converted to S-C-W.
S-C-W
Production aircraft powered by a 145hp (108kW) Warner Super Scarab radial engine, 12 built.
L-10
United States Army Air Forces designation for one S-C-W impressed into service in 1942, it was disposed of in November 1944.
Later Modifications
Two SC-Ws exist with a horizontally opposed 6-cylinder Continental engine. One was modified from a radial-powered SC-W, and one was built with the 6-cylinder engine after WWII using spare airframe parts from the original pre-WWII production run.
Operators
United States Army Air Forces
Specifications (S-C-W)
See also
References
Aerofiles
External links
1930s United States civil utility aircraft
Ryan aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1937
Crawford County is a county located in the Ozarks region of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 61,948, making it the 12th-most populous of Arkansas's 75 counties. The county seat and largest city is Van Buren. Crawford County was formed on October 18, 1820, from the former Lovely County and Indian Territory, and was named for William H. Crawford, the United States Secretary of War in 1815.
Located largely within the Ozarks, the southern border of the county is the Arkansas River, placing the extreme southern edge of the county in the Arkansas River Valley. The frontier county became an early crossroads, beginning with a California Gold Rush and developing into the Butterfield Overland Mail, Civil War trails and railroads such as the St. Louis and San Francisco Railway, the Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad, and the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railway. Today the county is home to the intersection of two major interstate highways, Interstate 40 (I-40) and I-49. Crawford County is part of the Fort Smith metropolitan area. As a dry county, alcohol sales are generally prohibited, though recent changes to county law provide for exemptions.
Geography
Crawford County is located in the northwest region of Arkansas. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 40
Interstate 49
Highway 59
Highway 60
Highway 162
Highway 282
Highway 348
Crawford County is included in an area designated for a planned extension of I-49 into Arkansas. The final project will connect New Orleans, Louisiana, to Kansas City, Missouri, a large trucking corridor which is currently not served by an Interstate highway. The proposed highway would utilize portions of I-49 which currently runs north from Van Buren toward the Missouri state line passing through Benton County, home of Walmart. The corridor was listed as the number-one high-priority corridor by transportation officials in the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act.
Adjacent counties
Washington County (north)
Madison County (northeast)
Franklin County (east)
Sebastian County (south)
Le Flore County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Sequoyah County, Oklahoma (west)
Adair County, Oklahoma (northwest)
National protected area
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 60,133 people, 23,958 households, and 17,082 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 53,247 people, 19,702 households, and 15,150 families residing in the county. The population density was 35/km2 (89/mi2). There were 21,315 housing units at an average density of 14/km2 (36/mi2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.19% White, 0.87% Black or African American, 2.01% Native American, 1.19% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.48% from other races, and 2.24% from two or more races. 3.27% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 19,702 households, out of which 37.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.20% were married couples living together, 10.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.10% were non-families. 20.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.20% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 29.30% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 11.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,871, and the median income for a family was $36,741. Males had a median income of $29,581 versus $20,352 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,015. About 10.90% of families and 14.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.30% of those under age 18 and 13.70% of those age 65 or over.
Controversy
Thousands of self-claimed "Western Band of Cherokee" (or Arkansas Cherokees) fought for state and federal recognition as a political entity of Native Americans. Crawford County was historically part of the Cherokee Nation, which lost its tribal sovereignty status as a result of the U.S. Civil War in the 1860s. The Cherokee Nation was subsequently relocated to the west in the present-day state of Oklahoma.
The violent arrest of Randal Worcester by two Crawford County sheriff's deputies and one Mulberry police officer took place in Mulberry, Crawford County, in August 2022.
Government
Crawford County is a longtime Republican stronghold, so much so that not even former governor and native Arkansan Bill Clinton was able to carry it in either of their presidential victories. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Communities
Cities
Alma
Cedarville
Dyer
Kibler
Mountainburg
Mulberry
Van Buren (county seat)
Towns
Chester
Rudy
Unincorporated community
Dora
Natural Dam, Arkansas
Townships
Alma (most of Alma)
Bidville
Cedar Creek
Cedarville (Cedarville)
Chester (Chester, small part of Mountainburg)
Cove City
Dean Springs (small part of Alma)
Dora (part of Van Buren)
Dyer (Dyer, small part of Alma)
Jasper
Kibler (most of Kibler)
Lancaster
Lees Creek
Locke
Mountainburg (most of Mountainburg)
Mulberry (most Mulberry)
Oliver Springs
Porter
Rudy (Rudy, very small part of Alma)
Uniontown
Upper
Van Buren (most of Van Buren, part of Kibler)
Vine Prairie (part of Mulberry)
Whitley
Winfrey
See also
List of lakes in Crawford County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Arkansas
References
External links
Crawford County government's website
Crawford County Sheriff's Office
1820 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1820
Fort Smith metropolitan area
Pilot Mountain, a metamorphic quartzite monadnock rising to a peak above sea level, is one of the most distinctive natural features in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is a remnant of the ancient chain of Sauratown Mountains. The Saura Native Americans, the region's earliest known inhabitants, called the mountain "Jomeokee", meaning "great guide".
Description
U.S. Route 52 passes through the town of Pilot Mountain near the mountain, which is about 20 miles northwest of Winston-Salem, and the city of Mount Airy is 14 miles farther north.
Pilot Mountain has two distinctive features, named Big Pinnacle and Little Pinnacle. Big Pinnacle (also called "The Knob") has high and colorful bare rock walls, with a rounded top covered by vegetation, reaching approximately above the surrounding terrain. Visitors can take a paved road to the park visitor center and campgrounds, then up to a parking lot on the ridge. Trails from there allow access to the main Little Pinnacle Overlook and other viewing stations.
Pilot Mountain is part of Pilot Mountain State Park, which extends to the Yadkin River via a corridor of land, and it is associated with nearby Horne Creek Living Historical Farm. The curved depression between the ridge slope to the Little Pinnacle and then to the round knob of the Big Pinnacle gives the entire mountain an even more distinctive shape from a distance. Other interesting rock formations are to the east at privately held Sauratown Mountain, and the higher complex at Hanging Rock State Park.
In November 2021, a massive 500+ acre wildfire covered Pilot Mountain State Park. This fire enveloped Pilot Mountain as well, with smoke covering the iconic Knob.
Trails
The Jomeokee Trail leads around the base of Big Pinnacle. The Ledge Spring Trail goes past a large picnic area and down along the ridge crest; its lower loop back up past a small perennial spring follows a long cliff that is a popular location for rock climbing. Big Pinnacle is closed to climbing. Other trails include Sassafras Trail and Grindstone Trail, which connects the popular campground to Ledge Spring Trail. Mountain Trail follows up the other side of the ridge to also connect to Ledge Spring Trail. The Grassy Ridge Trail follows along the mountain's base, connecting the lower ends of the Mountain and Grindstone Trails together. The Grassy Ridge Trail also connects to the Corridor Trail, which goes to the park's river section, and it connects to the Mountains-to-Sea and Sauratown Trails, which go to Hanging Rock State Park.
Gallery
References
External links
Pilot Mountain State Park
ClimbPilotNC climbing guide with text and photos
Mountains of North Carolina
National Natural Landmarks in North Carolina
Landforms of Surry County, North Carolina
Inselbergs of Piedmont (United States)
Yadkin-Pee Dee River Basin
Nancy Merki (June 1, 1926 – October 7, 2014), also known by their married names Lees, Cory and Boland, was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. Despite contracting polio at a young age, they set numerous amateur swimming records in their career, most in their early teens, and went on to compete in the 400-meter freestyle in the Olympics.
Early life and career
Merki grew up in Portland, Oregon. At a young age, they contracted poliomyelitis. With discovery of the polio vaccine years away, they took up swimming as exercise to reduce the effects of the disease at the age of 8. Trained by long-time swim coach Jack Cody, Merki excelled at the sport, and at the age of 13 entered the swimming scene at the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) national championships in 1939, setting American records in the 200, 400, and 800-freestyle events. Merki, who along with Multnomah Athletic Club teammates Brenda Helser, Suzanne Zimmerman, Geneva Klaus, Joyce Macrae, and Mary Anne Hansen, were known as "Cody's Kids" after their coach, figured to be a force at the 1940 Summer Olympics until the games were canceled by the events of World War II.
Merki continued to compete in AAU meets through the 1940s, setting numerous records, including shattering the 1,500-meter freestyle record by 17 seconds at the 1941 AAU championships. Merki and their MAC teammates won three national championships from 1939 to 1949, and Merki themselves set 19 individual records. In 1941, at the age of 15, they finished sixth in balloting for the James E. Sullivan Award, presented to the nation's top amateur athlete.
Olympics
Although the war prevented them from competing in the Olympics at the peak of their career, they made the United States team for the 1948 Summer Olympics. Now known as Nancy Lees (she married Whitlock Lees, Jr. prior to the games), they reached the finals of the women's 400-meter freestyle, though they finished in eighth place.
Personal life
Lees settled in the Asheville, North Carolina area where they remarried twice after their husband died. They were diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2008 and died from complications of the disease in 2014.
In 1955, Merki's early life and struggle to defeat polio with the help of coach Cody was dramatized in an episode of the television anthology series Cavalcade of America entitled "A Time for Courage." The show starred Gloria Talbott as Merki and Hugh Beaumont as Jack Cody.
In 1980, they were an inaugural member of the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame.
References
External links
1926 births
2014 deaths
American female freestyle swimmers
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Neurological disease deaths in North Carolina
Olympic swimmers of the United States
People with polio
Swimmers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Swimmers from Portland, Oregon
21st-century American women
Notre-Dame de Clignancourt (Our Lady of Clignancourt) is a Roman Catholic church located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. Completed in 1863, the church takes its name from Clignancourt, a small village in the commune of Montmartre that was annexed to Paris in 1860. It was one of three new parishes created to accommodate the growing population in the northern edge of the city.
The cornerstone was laid by the French city planner Georges-Eugène Haussmann in 1859. It was designed in the Neo-Romanesque style by Paul-Eugène Lequeux and completed in 1863. Many valuable pieces of furniture and religious objects were donated by Empress Eugenie, the wife of Napoleon III, but were lost or damaged when the church was pillaged in the violence leading up to the Paris Commune in 1870.
The church still contains paintings and frescos by prominent 19th-century artists, including Romain Cazes and Félix-Joseph Barrias, and a large marble sculpture depicting the Pietà. The stained glass windows in the lower part of the church are largely from the Art Deco period. The windows in the choir, depicting the Holy Trinity and the Litany of Loreto, were made by Jacques Le Chevallier in the 1970s.
The organ in Notre-Dame de Clignancourt was built by Joseph Merklin. Several prominent musicians are associated with the church. Gabriel Fauré and Victor Sieg both served as organists there. Louis Vierne played the organ for the funeral of the French violinist Henri Adam held at the church in 1890, and the composer André Jolivet attended the church's choir school in their youth.
References
External links
Official website
Notre-Dame de Clignancourt on Patrimoine-Histoire
Roman Catholic churches in the 18th arrondissement of Paris
Romanesque Revival church buildings in France
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1863
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in France
Mount Whittier is a prominent 5,883-ft (1,793 m) mountain summit located in Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest, in Skamania County of southwest Washington state. It is situated in the Cascade Range, north of Spirit Lake, and northeast of The Dome. Its closest neighbor is Mount Margaret, to the south, and the nearest higher neighbor is Mount St. Helens, to the south. Whittier is the second-highest peak in the Mount St. Helens area, after Mt. St. Helens. Although modest in elevation, relief is significant as the summit rises 2,000 feet above the head of Coldwater Creek valley in . Precipitation runoff from Mount Whittier drains into tributaries of the North Fork Toutle River.
Geology
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch. Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to various climate differences. During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago, glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured and shaped the landscape. With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate, episodes of volcanic igneous activity occurred. The lateral blast from the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was pointed toward Mount Whittier and stripped the vegetation from its slopes. Due to Mount St. Helens' proximity to Mount Whittier, volcanic ash is common in the area. Mount Whittier and nearby Minnie Peak are composed of resistant granodiorite of the Spirit Lake pluton, which is a complex of once-molten rock that intruded the surrounding rocks approximately 20 million years ago.
Climate
Mount Whittier is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range (Orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades. As a result, the west side of the Cascades experiences high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer. The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing this peak.
See also
Geology of the Pacific Northwest
List of mountain peaks of Washington (state)
References
External links
Weather forecast: Mount Whittier
Mt. Whittier approach trail: US Forest Service
Climbing Whittier: YouTube
2021 fatality
Cascade Range
Mountains of Skamania County, Washington
Mountains of Washington (state)
Gifford Pinchot National Forest
Frédéric Garnier (born 11 March 1964) is a French former professional racing cyclist. They rode in the 1988 Tour de France.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Orléans
Cyclists from Centre-Val de Loire
Manor Mill, Chadderton is an early twentieth century, five storey cotton spinning mill in Chadderton, Oldham, Greater Manchester. It was built in 1906. It was taken over by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in the 1930s and passed to Courtaulds in 1964. Production finished in 1990.
Location
Oldham is a large town in Greater Manchester, England. It lies amongst the Pennines on elevated ground between the rivers Irk and Medlock, south-southeast of Rochdale, and northeast of the city of Manchester. Oldham is surrounded by several smaller settlements which together form the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham; Chadderton and Hollinwood are such settlements. Chadderton and Hollinwood are served by the Rochdale Canal and the Hollinwood Branch Canal. A rail service was provided by the Oldham Loop Line that was built by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.
History
Oldham rose to prominence during the 19th century as an international centre of textile manufacture. It was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution, and amongst the first ever industrialised towns, rapidly becoming "one of the most important centres of cotton and textile industries in England", spinning Oldham counts, the coarser counts of cotton. Oldham's soils were too thin and poor to sustain crop growing, and so for decades prior to industrialisation the area was used for grazing sheep, which provided the raw material for a local woollen weaving trade. It was not until the last quarter of the 18th century that Oldham changed from being a cottage industry township producing woollen garments via domestic manual labour, to a sprawling industrial metropolis of textile factories. The first mill, Lees Hall, was built by William Clegg in about 1778. Within a year, 11 other mills had been constructed, but by 1818 there were only 19 of these privately owned mills.
It was in the second half of the 19th century, that Oldham became the world centre for spinning cotton yarn. This was due in a large part to the formation of limited liability companies known as Oldham Limiteds. In 1851, over 30% of Oldham's population was employed within the textile sector, compared to 5% across Great Britain. At its zenith, it was the most productive cotton spinning mill town in the world. By 1871 Oldham had more spindles than any country in the world except the United States, and in 1909, was spinning more cotton than France and Germany combined. By 1911 there were 16.4 million spindles in Oldham, compared with a total of 58 million in the United Kingdom and 143.5 million in the world; in 1928, with the construction of the UK's largest textile factory Oldham reached its manufacturing zenith. At its peak, there were over 360 mills, operating night and day; The Manor Mill was erected in 1906.
The industry peaked in 1912 when it produced 8 billion yards of cloth. The Great War of 1914–18 halted the supply of raw cotton, and the British government encouraged its colonies to build mills to spin and weave cotton. The war over, Lancashire never regained its markets. The independent mills were struggling. The Bank of England set up the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in 1929 to attempt to rationalise and save the industry. Manor Mill, Chadderton was one of 104 mills bought by the LCC, and one of the 53 mills that survived through to 1950. The mill ceased cotton processing in 1932, but was reopened in 1940 by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation. It finally closed in 1990. It had been intended that the building would become a heritage centre, but this scheme has now been abandoned. Its sister mill, the Kent, designed by George Stott in 1908 was demolished in 1994. Manor Mill was managed by Jim Shelmerdine during most of the LCC years. They received an OBE for "service to the cotton industry" in 1987, a result of the health and safety record they built up in Manor Mill. Shelmerdine was the first to get the annual safety award for ten years.
Architecture
Designed by George Stott, the Manor Mill was erected in 1906, and is characterised by its impressive copper-covered dome after the Byzantine style. It is built of red brick with stone dressings. It has an external engine house. It is Grade II listed.
Power
Driven by a 1500 hp cross compound engine by George Saxon, 1907. It had a 26 ft flywheel, 30 ropes operating at 64 ½ rpm. Its cylinders, 25"HP, 52"LP had a 5 ft 6" stroke. It steamed at 160psi.It had Corliss valves on both cylinders. The air pump was driven from each crosshead.
Owners
Manor Mill Ltd.
Manor Mill (1919)
Lancashire Cotton Corporation (1930s–1964)
Courtaulds (1964–2019)
See also
Listed buildings in Chadderton
Textile manufacturing
References
Bibliography
External links
www.cottontown.org
www.spinningtheweb.org.uk
Interview with Jim Shelmerdine, General manager
Textile mills owned by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation
Textile mills in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham
Buildings and structures in Chadderton
Kalle Albinus Viljamaa (15 March 1885 – 28 March 1918) was a Finnish wrestler. They competed in the heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Viljamaa died of White Guard artillery shelling during the Finnish Civil War Battle of Tampere.
References
External links
1885 births
1918 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Tampere
Civilians killed in World War I
Dr Walter Lindsay Isaac Verrier (1907 – 20 April 1981) was an English-born physician and politician in Fiji.
Biography
Born Walter Lindsay Isaac in England, Verrier qualified as a doctor before emigrating to Fiji in 1938 where they worked as a medical officer in Suva, Levuka and Nadroga. In 1940 they were transferred to the Gilbert Islands, but returned to Fiji following the Japanese invasion. Upon their return they were asked to compile a national register for administering compulsory military service, leading to a lifelong interest in compiling Fijian family histories in the Bua and Macuata districts. They changed their surname to Verrier in the 1940s and became responsible for compiling medical statistics. They spent several months at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne in 1947–48, and was later appointed a medical officer for Suva City Council.
After funding the medical studies of future Prime Minister Kamisese Mara in the 1950s, they were a founder member of Mara's Alliance Party, serving as its first secretary-general. In the 1966 general elections they were returned unopposed from the Northern and Eastern general electors cross-voting constituency. With the Alliance winning and Mara becoming Leader of Government Business, Verrier was appointed Secretary to the Leader of Government Business. However, following an argument with Mara they left the Alliance in 1968 and established the Liberal Party.
When Fiji became independent in 1970, they were the second person awarded Fijian citizenship. They contested the 1972 elections with the support of the National Federation Party, but failed to be elected. They reconciled with Mara in 1980 when dying from cancer. After a short spell working at the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney, they died at Suva's Home of Compassion in April 1981 at the age of 73.
References
20th-century British medical doctors
Fijian medical doctors
Members of the House of Representatives (Fiji)
Colony of Fiji people
Gilbert and Ellice Islands people
Members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
1907 births
1981 deaths
British emigrants to Fiji
Kevin Kopelow (born June 28, 1963 in Los Angeles, California) and Heath Seifert (born 1968 in Los Angeles, California) are an American television writing and producing team. They have written and produced All That, Kenan & Kel, & Cousins for Life for Nickelodeon & Austin & Ally for Disney Channel among other series. They also created the latter two.
As an actor, Kopelow is best known for appearing as Kevin, the stage manager on All That, as well as appearing as a panelist on the game show Figure It Out.
Filmography
Writers
Cousins for Life (2018–2019, also creators)
Austin & Ally (2011–2016, also creators)
Star and Stella Save the World (2007)
All That 10th Anniversary Reunion Special (2005)
Stripperella (2003–2004)
100 Deeds for Eddie McDowd (2002)
KaBlam! (1996–1998)
Kenan & Kel (1996–2000)
All That (1994–2000, 2019–2020)
Two Heads Are Better Than None (2000)
1999 Kids' Choice Awards (1999)
Good Burger (1997)
Space Cases (1996)
Singled Out
Nickelodeon's Ho Ho Holiday Special (2015)
Warped! (2021, also creators)
Producers
Cousins for Life (2018–2019, also writers)
Austin & Ally (2011–2016, also writers)
Jonas (2009)
Sonny with a Chance (2009)
Campus Ladies (2006–2007)
Star and Stella Save the World (2007)
Hi-Jinks (2005–2006)
Stripperella (2003)
Kenan & Kel (1996–2000)
All That (1994–2005, 2019–2020)
Cousin Skeeter
Good Burger (1997)
Warped! (2021)
Kopelow as an actor
All That (1994–2005, 2019–2020) - Kevin the Seasons 1-6 Stage Manager (1995-2000)
Kenan & Kel (1996–2000) - Paramedic #2, Party Decorator
Good Burger (1997) - Sad Clown
Figure It Out (1997–1999) - Himself/panelist
References
External links
American male screenwriters
American television producers
American television writers
Living people
Screenwriting duos
Showrunners
American male television writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Shadows on the Hudson (original title Shotns baym Hodson ) is a novel by Isaac Bashevis Singer. First serialized in The Forward, a Yiddish newspaper, it was published in book form in 1957. It was translated into English by Joseph Sherman in 1998. The book follows a group of prosperous Jewish refugees in New York City following World War II, just prior to the founding of the state of Israel.
1958 American novels
Yiddish-language literature
Novels by Isaac Bashevis Singer
Novels first published in serial form
Works originally published in The Forward
Novels set in New York City
The community of Chinese people in Italy has grown rapidly in the past ten years. Official statistics indicate there are at least 330,495 Chinese citizens in Italy, although these figures do not account for former Chinese citizens who have acquired Italian nationality or Italian-born people of Chinese descent.
Demographics
Prato, Tuscany has the largest concentration of Chinese people in Italy and all of Europe. It has the second largest population of Chinese people overall in Italy after Milan.
Religion
In total, approximately one quarter of the Chinese community was classified as belonging to the Chinese (folk) religion. The surveyors weren't able to determine a precise Taoist identity; only 1.1% of the surveyed people identified as such, and the analysts preferred to consider Taoism as an "affluent" of the Chinese religion. The survey found that 39.9% of the Chinese had a thoroughly atheist identity, not believing in any god, nor belonging to any religious organisation, nor practicing any religious activity.
The study also analysed the Chinese Christian community, finding it comprised 8% of the total population (of which 3.6% were Catholics, 3.3% Protestants and 1.1% Jehovah's Witnesses). The Christian community was small, but larger than that of the province of origin, especially for the Catholics and the Jehovah's Witnesses, the latter being an illegal religion in China. Protestants were found to be basically nondenominational and largely (70%) women.
In the years 2011 and 2012 the ISTAT made a survey regarding the religious affiliation among the immigrants in Italy, the religion of the Chinese people in Italy were as follows:
Non religious: 44.5%
Buddhists: 44.4%
Christians: 7.3%
Other religions: 3.8%
Community relations
In 2007, several dozen protesters took to the streets in Milan over alleged discrimination. The northern Italian town of Treviso also ordered Chinese-run businesses to take down their lanterns because they looked "too oriental".
Cities with significant Chinese communities
Based on Demo ISTAT statistics.
Milan 18,918 (1.43% on total resident population)
Rome 12,013
Prato 11,882 (6.32%)
Turin 5,437
Florence 3,890 (1.05%)
Campi Bisenzio 3,018 (6.87%)
Reggio Emilia 2,925 (1.72%)
Bologna 2,654
Naples 2,456
Brescia 2,394 (1.23%)
Venice 2,163
Empoli 1,759 (3.67%)
Genoa 1,637
Forlì 1,607 (1.36%)
Padua 1,571
Fucecchio 1,502 (6.39%)
The city of Prato has the second largest Chinese immigrant population in Italy (after Milan with Italy's largest Chinatown). Legal Chinese residents in Prato on 31 December 2008 were 9,927. Local authorities estimate the number of Chinese citizens living in Prato to be around 45,000, illegal immigrants included. Most overseas Chinese come from the city of Wenzhou in the province of Zhejiang, some of them having moved from the Chinatown in Paris.
Notable people
References
Further reading
(Archive)
Luigi Berzano, Carlo Genova, Massimo Introvigne, Roberta Ricucci, Pierluigi Zoccatelli. Cinesi a Torino: la crescita di un arcipelago. Il Mulino, 2010. .
External links
SPIEGEL Magazine Article about the Chinese in Prato September 7, 2006
Italy, Chinese people in
Italy
Ethnic groups in Italy
Asian diaspora in Italy
China–Italy relations
The Nesttun–Os Line () was a narrow gauge railway between Nesttun, now part of Bergen, and the community of Osøyro in Os municipality, Norway. As the first private railway in Norway, it opened 1 June 1894, designed to connect Os to the Voss Line, allowing for passenger and freight transport to Bergen and Voss. Despite a boom caused by World War I, the railway was eventually driven out of business by competition from road transport, which provided faster service. On 2 September 1935, it became the first Norwegian railway to close, and most of the railway was dismantled the following year.
Today, only short stretches of the railway and a few stations survive. Much of the former railway line is used as a bicycle path (rail trail), which makes revival of the Nesttun–Os Railway as a heritage railway very difficult. However, a 40 metre long railway stretch remains at Stend Station, the only unaltered remaining station, upon which a diesel locomotive and a passenger car are placed. The station building itself has been restored and is used as a museum.
History
Proposals to build a railway from Nesttun to Os were first made during the planning of the Voss Line from Bergen to Voss. Initial plans called for slightly longer route via Os, Samnanger, Norheimsund and Granvin. At the time it was required that local municipalities finance 20% of railways, and in 1874, Os Municipality was encouraged to purchase shares for NOK 8,000. This was rejected by the municipal council, and eventually the Voss Line was instead built via Dale. In 1884, a committee was established in Fana to consider the possibility of building a branch line from Nesttun to Fana. But neither the municipality nor the county were willing to give grants to the line, and, the plans were shelved in 1885. At the same time, the physician Daniel Schumann Krüger started to popularize the possibility of building a connection from Nesttun to Osøren (now Osøyro). At the time it was popular to build tracks along existing roads and use slow locomotives, and Krüger at first proposed such a solution, but later determined to support a conventional railway.
In 1884, a line from Os to Nesttun was estimated to cost NOK 885,000 plus land acquisition costs. Public meetings were held and in 1885 a committee was established. The following year, an application was sent to the state for NOK 3,000 in grants for preliminary work. It was presumed that the railway would be private, but the committee wanted to receive partial state funding. While the government favored the railway, the grant was a lower priority among the many proposed railway lines at the time. In 1888, an engineer from the state investigated the route, and recommended that the line be built via Rådal to increase the population which it would serve. In addition, Fanahammeren and Stend were regarded as transport hubs at the time. Following this, shares were issued for NOK 50,000 in the company, but this was not sufficient to finance the railway.
Instead of raising more capital, Krüger tried to reduce the cost. They proposed reducing the minimum curve radius from and reduce the gauge from the gauge used on the Voss Line to . This would allow the railway to have sharper curves and allow it to pass around any obstacles and hills, removing the need for cuttings and tunnels. Engineer Nicolay Nicolaysen Sontum started planning the cheaper railway in 1889, and they estimated the cost to NOK 500,000. After the project was marketed in the Bergen press, shipowners Fredrik Georg Gade and Johan A. Mowinckel supported it, as did major Wollert Konow (SB). An application for a concession was sent on 15 March 1890, in which Gade and Mowinckel guaranteed the necessary capital. This made Nesttun-Os the first railway in Norway to be built without state grants. The construction contract was signed with Sontum on 29 March.
The concession was granted on 2 February 1891 and had a duration of 40 years from the date the line started operation. The delay was in part because there was a debate about the gauge in the Parliament of Norway. The company opened for sales of shares on 3 March 1891. The largest owners were Gade (20%), Mowinckel (10%), Os Municipality (5%) and Krüger (2%). The municipality used a whole year's budget on the share purchases, and borrowed money to be repaid in 40 years. In addition to the share sales, the railway received free real estate from many farmers.
The railway was constructed in narrow gauge, the smallest gauge ever built in Norway. The smallest curve radius was 50 metres. This combination made it possible to avoid any tunnels whatsoever and the longest bridge was 8 metres. But it also meant that all goods had to be off-loaded at Nesttun and that the railway had a maximum speed of 25 km/h. The railway was of vast importance for the Os community, as it allowed for day trips to Bergen. The rail trip took only two hours, and was considerably faster and cheaper than travel by steam ship.
Despite a boom caused by World War I, the railway lost business to road transport, which provided faster service. On 2 September 1935, it became the first Norwegian railway to close, and most of the track was demolished the following year.
Heritage
Most of the right-of-way still exists, although all the tracks were removed in 1936. In 1980, most of the right-of-way within Bergen was converted to a hiking and bicycle trail, and later asphalted. The right-of-way can therefore be walked from Nesttun to Kismul. Along there is a combined path and road, although the latter has little traffic. The section from Selsvik to Ytre Sandvika was converted to a bicycle path in 2002, and in 2008, the path was extended another kilometer (half a mile) past Kismul. The remaining section past Kalandseid has been regulated, but lack of funding has delayed the process. While hiking is possible, the path is overgrown and some places become a swamp.
From Kalandseid to Søfteland, the route runs next to European Route E39. South from Kalandseid, the route goes through private agricultural land towards Røykenes. In Os there is a section from Tømmernes to Søfteland that has been asphalted as a path. From Storestraumen south of Søfteland, about one kilometer (half a mile) has been converted to a gravel path. On this section is Bergstø Bridge, where of track has been laid.
Stend Station has been converted to a railway museum and is the only station building to remain in its original design. In the 1980s, the building had fallen into disrepair, but from 1987, Friends of the Os Line started renovating it. It has a small display of artifacts from the railway, including old pictures, a film and items, including tools from the workshop. Outside there is a long railway line. On it is a draisine from 1925, a combined third-class and post wagon from 1894. It consists of two half frames that were welded together, with bogies bought from Poland. It is the smallest bogies wagon in Norway. The station also features a water station. The museum also has a diesel locomotive which dates from 1967. It was used by Fana and later Bergen Municipality in the sewer tunnels, and was given to the museum in 1995. It features gauge, but otherwise has no resemblance with the material used on the Nesttun–Os Line.
Os Station has been preserved and is owned by Os Municipality. Plans exist to renovate and revert it to its look from 1894, but lack of money has only resulted in the station being painted in the original colors. Plans call for a short section of track to be laid on the station area. The workshop has become the location of a sewer pumping station, although the exterior has been renovated to the original. The depot was built with decorative pillars, but there were built over in the 1930s. In the 1990s, these were removed again. Os Cultural Development has the rights to use the municipally owned building, and they have stated that they plan to convert it to a center for art. The building is planned expanded with a glass facade towards the fjord is planned, which would feature art workshops and ateliers.
Ulven Station also remains, has been modernized and serves as a private residence. All the buildings at Kalandseid Station have been demolished, except a private residence. The station area of Hamre Station has been converted to a turning spot for buses. Fana Station still stands, but has been renovated and modernized to the unrecognizable, and serves as a private residence. Rådal Station is in use as a private residence.
Two passenger cars are displayed at the Norwegian Railway Museum in Hamar, after they had served on the Urskog–Høland Line from 1935 to 1960. They are used on the museums Tertitt train that runs on the museum area. They were renovated in 1994–95. Os Municipality has a dismounted half wagon frame from an Oldbury wagon dating from 1894. A wagon frame built by Skabo in 1907 is in use in a garden at Kismul. It includes some original benches.
See also
Narrow gauge railways in Norway
References
Bibliography
External links
Stend Station Museum
Railway lines in Norway
Heritage railways in Norway
Transport in Bergen
Os, Hordaland
Railway lines in Vestland
Railway lines opened in 1894
750 mm gauge railways in Norway
1894 establishments in Norway
Private railway lines in Norway
The Belgian Expeditionary Corps of Armoured Cars in Russia () was a Belgian military unit sent to Russia during World War I. It fought alongside the Imperial Russian army on the Eastern Front. Between 1915 and 1918, 444 Belgian soldiers served with the unit of whom 16 were killed in action.
History
In August 1914, the German Empire invaded neutral Belgium. The campaign was initially very successful, pushing the Belgian, French and British forces westwards. By the end of 1914, however, the Western Front had stabilised into static trench warfare. Following the Battle of the Yser in October, the Belgian army remained entrenched along the Yser Front and was left with a number of armoured cars which could not be used. In early 1915, the Russian Tsar Nicholas II formally requested military support from King Albert I and a self-contained unit was formed for service in Russia. As Belgium was officially an independent neutral power rather than an ally of the Russian Empire Belgian soldiers in this unit were officially considered as volunteers in the Imperial Russian Army itself.
The first contingent of the Belgian Expeditionary Corps (333 volunteers equipped with Mors and Peugeot armoured cars) arrived in Archangel in October 1915. The unit fought with distinction in Galicia and was mentioned in the Order of the Day five times.
After the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, the Belgian force remained in Russia until the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk withdrew Russia from the war. After the ceasefire, the unit found itself in hostile territory. As the route north to Murmansk was blocked, the soldiers destroyed their armoured cars to prevent their capture by Bolshevik forces. The unit finally reached the United States through China and the Trans-Siberian railway in June 1918.
A similar, slightly larger British unit, the RNAS Armoured Car Expeditionary Force (ACEF), also served in Russia during the same period.
Notable personnel
The unit was never particularly numerous, but included some notable personnel:
Henri Herd, known as "Constant le Marin", who was a prominent boxer and 4-time World Champion
Henry George, track cyclist who won a gold medal at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Julien Lahaut, politician and chief of the Communist Party of Belgium who was assassinated in 1950.
Marcel Thiry, Walloon poet, who served in the corps with their brother Oscar.
Théo Halleux, construction contractor who built the first high multi-storey buildings in Liège.
Commemoration
From 1931, soldiers who had served with the unit were awarded the 1914–1918 Commemorative War Medal with a bar (reading "1916—R—1917" or "1916—R—1918") denoting service in Russia. The last veteran of the unit died in 1992.
In 2014–15, the Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History in Brussels raised 40,000 euros towards building a replica Mors-Minerva armoured car. The vehicle went on display in the markings of the Expeditionary Corps in 2015.
In fiction and popular culture
The 2015 Belgian animated drama-action film Cafard ("Cockroach" in French) tells the story of a boxer, Jean Mordant (based on the real-life Henri Herd, known as Constant le Marin), who joins the Expeditionary Corps in order to avenge the rape of their daughter by German soldiers in Occupied Belgium.
See also
Russian Expeditionary Force in France
Belgian Legion
Belgian Volunteer Corps for Korea
References
Further reading
External links
King Albert's Heroes: How 400 young Belgians fought in Russia and conquered the United States, lecture by August Thiry (Thomas More College, Mechelen) to the Institute of European Studies, UC Berkeley. Uploaded to YouTube 1 Oct 2018.
Military history of Belgium during World War I
Military units and formations established in 1915
Military units and formations disestablished in 1918
Military units and formations of Russia in World War I
Military units and formations of Belgium
Expeditionary units and formations
Military units and formations of Belgium in World War I
Belgium–Russia relations
Davis Alexander Grubb (July 23, 1919 – July 24, 1980) was an American novelist and short story writer, best known for their 1953 novel The Night of the Hunter, which was
adapted as a film in 1955 by Charles Laughton.
Biography
Born in Moundsville, West Virginia, Grubb wanted to combine their creative skills as a painter with writing, and attended the Carnegie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. However, their color blindness was a handicap they could not overcome and they gave up on painting to dedicate themselves to writing fiction. They did, however, make a number of drawings and sketches during the course of their career, some of which were incorporated into their writings.
In 1940, Grubb moved to New York City where they worked at NBC radio as a writer while using their free time to write short stories. In the mid-1940s they were successful in selling several short stories to major magazines and in the early 1950s they started writing a full-length novel. Influenced by accounts of economic hardship by depression-era Americans that their mother had seen firsthand as a social worker, Grubb produced a dark tale that mixed the plight of poor children and adults with that of the evil inflicted by others. The Night of the Hunter became an instant bestseller and was voted a finalist for the 1955 National Book Award. That same year, the book was made into a motion picture that is now regarded as a classic. Deemed "culturally significant" by the Library of Congress, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
Grubb went on to write a further nine novels and several collections of short stories. Their 1969 novel Fools' Parade would also be made into a motion picture starring James Stewart. Some of Grubb's short stories were adapted for television by Alfred Hitchcock and by Rod Serling for their Night Gallery series.
Grubb died in New York City in 1980. Their novel Ancient Lights was published posthumously in 1982, and St. Martins Press published 18 of their short stories in a book collection titled You Never Believe Me and Other Stories in 1989.
Bibliography
Novels
The Night of the Hunter (1953)
A Dream of Kings (1955)
The Watchman (1961)
The Voices of Glory (1962)
A Tree Full of Stars (1965)
Shadow of My Brother (1966)
The Golden Sickle (1968)
Fools' Parade (1969)
The Barefoot Man (1971)
Ancient Lights (1982)
Story Collections
Twelve Tales of Suspense and the Supernatural (UK title: One Foot in the Grave) (1964)
The Siege of 318: Thirteen Mystical Stories (1978)
You Never Believe Me and Other Stories (1989)
References
Further reading
Grubb, Louis. "Foreword". Grubb, Davis. You Never Believe Me and Other Stories (1989). p. VII, VII-IX, X-XI
External links
Davis Grubb, The West Virginia Encyclopedia
Biography of Davis Grubb, West Virginia Wesleyan College Library
Davis Grubb drawings, circa 1954, 1973, Margaret Herrick Library, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
1919 births
1980 deaths
People from Moundsville, West Virginia
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
Novelists from West Virginia
American male short story writers
20th-century American short story writers
20th-century American male writers
Writers from West Virginia
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
Adam DeVine's House Party is an American comedy television series starring Adam DeVine that is part stand-up comedy show and part sitcom. The show aired for three seasons on Comedy Central. The first season ran for eight episodes, starting on October 24, 2013. The second season began on September 9, 2014, before moving to its regular Thursday timeslot on September 11. The third season aired for ten episodes, starting on March 3, 2016.
The premise of the show is that, in each episode, DeVine is hosting a party at which three stand-up comedians perform. At the beginning and end of the show, as well as between sets, there are scripted scenes involving DeVine and, usually, the three comedians, revolving around some plot related to the party. Only the first season truly involved a house party. The first season was set at, and filmed in, a house in Los Angeles; the second season was set at and filmed in a bar in New Orleans; and the third season was set at and filmed at the Turtle Bay Resort in Oahu, Hawaii.
In the first season, there was a recurring joke in which some or many of the partygoers leave early to attend a party at comedian Jeff Ross's house, to which DeVine was never invited.
Production
The show was a longtime idea of DeVine's, based on house parties they had attended, as well as on the TV show The Larry Sanders Show, which was a hybrid of talk show and sitcom.
The show's scripted scenes were written by DeVine and Scotty Landes. Kyle Newacheck, DeVine's costar on Workaholics, is the co-creator of the show, as well as its director, and also occasionally appears onscreen as the director of the show-within-the-show.
Many of the comedians who perform are friends of DeVine's from their own stand-up comedy career.
Episodes
Season 1 (2013)
The first season was filmed at a house in Chatsworth in Los Angeles, California that also served as Mike Tyson's house for the film The Hangover.
Season 2 (2014)
The second season was filmed at Bamboula's, a bar in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Season 3 (2016)
Season 3 was shot entirely on location at Turtle Bay Resort in Oahu, Hawaii.
References
External links
2010s American late-night television series
2010s American stand-up comedy television series
2013 American television series debuts
2016 American television series endings
Comedy Central original programming
Comedy Central late-night programming
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Television shows set in New Orleans
Khilanmarg is a small valley in Jammu and Kashmir, India, located about away from the Gulmarg. The meadow, carpeted with flowers in the spring, is the site for Gulmarg's winter ski runs and offers a view of the surrounding peaks and over the Kashmir Valley. It's a ascent from Gulmarg to Khilanmarg. The view spans from the Himalayas from Nanga Parbat to the twin peaks of Nun and Kun to the southeast.
References
http://www.gulmarg.org/khilanmarg/
Valleys of Jammu and Kashmir
Netchain analysis is a theoretical concept integrating supply chain management and network analysis which was introduced by Lazzarini, Chaddad and Cook in 2001. While supply chain analysis focuses on vertical and network analysis on horizontal interdependencies across companies, netchain analysis incorporates both type of interdependencies into one concept. Netchain analysis emphasizes value creation and coordination mechanism sources corresponding to different kind of interdependencies. In practice, netchain analysis is often used in a more general way referring to the perspective that takes into account chain and network characteristics as well. However, it differs in the focus and in the tools used from network science.
Netchains
Netchain is a set of networks consisting of horizontal ties between firms within a particular industry or group, which are sequentially arranged based on vertical ties between firms in different layers. In practice, the phrase netchain is often used in a more general way referring to a system which has chained and network characteristics as well. From that point of view, the perspective is even more important than the object itself.
In the more practical perspective netchain is used instead of "chain and network". The simplest situation is for companies to form a supply chain or network in which they are selling product to each other. The phrase netchain captures two main aspects of collaborations. Chain reflects the hard aspect, where products and money is flowing (chain) and network reflects the soft aspect, the network of people having informal relationships.
The usual representation of netchains shows the horizontal and the vertical interdependencies across companies as well. Specific networks with mainly horizontal interdependencies are sequentially arranged based on their vertical ties between firms in other networks.
Interdependencies in netchains
Three kind of organizational interdependencies can be distinguished to examine the relationships of companies. Pooled interdependence is a mutual, weak and indirect connection of several entities. Sequential interdependence occurs, when the output of one unit is necessary for the next other unit to operate. Reciprocal interdependence combines pooled the previous two resulting in strong, direct relationships. Netchain analysis builds on the phrases above and focuses mainly on all type of interdependencies.
Examples
Buyer-supplier relationships
Probably the simplest netchain is the one examining buyer-supplier relationships. Traditional supply chain management focuses on sequential interdependencies between a specific buyer and supplier, however the relationships among suppliers can be important as well. Usually, suppliers and buyers are connected via sequential dependencies, whereas suppliers depend on each other reciprocally. Supplier associations and knowledge exchange groups provide good examples for reciprocal interdependencies among suppliers.
Interorganizational food chain
Storer, Holmen and Pedersen describes a netchain built around a food processor. The food processor uses the output of a meat and a vegetable processor and sells food to restaurants. The meat and vegetable processors are using the output of primary producers, whereas the restaurants serve consumers and are connected to the vegetable processor and the meat processor as well. Moreover, primary producers also share information with the food processor. The main purpose of the entire food chain/network is to serve consumer needs and they need to cooperate to achieve this. As a result, a strongly connected system is formed, which can be described as a netchain.
Further developments
The strictly defined netchain analysis could not become popular in the field of supply chain management. After its introduction the netchain concept was widely used in the agribusiness sector. Nevertheless, the perspective of network science and network analysis is used more and more generally to examine supply chains/networks. First of all, as information technology develops communication becomes easier. Second, more and more companies start to realize the importance of collaboration with firms operating in the same environment. This change provides an opportunity for supply chain analysis to integrate the knowledge and tools of network science.
Customer horizons
Customer horizon indicates the market orientation of a company in the case of netchains. In a chain and network environment it reflects the ability of companies to identify downstream customers and what they need. The phrase and two measurements of customer horizons, breadth and length, were introduced by Storer, Holman and Pedersen in 2010. The importance of market orientation becomes more complicated in a netchain environment, because it is harder to identify the customers of a specific unit. Therefore, it is even more important for companies to allocate resources for this purpose in netchains.
Social netchains in the agribusiness environment
The concept of social netchains focuses on interpersonal relationships rather connections among companies. Talamini and Ferreira designed it mainly to the agribusiness sector, where personal relationships are more important.
References
Supply chain management
Francis Cotton may refer to:
Francis Cotton (politician) (1857–1942), Australian politician
Francis Ridgley Cotton (1895–1960), American bishop
Fran Cotton (Francis Edward Cotton, born 1947), English rugby union prop forward
See also
Francis Lovett Carter-Cotton (1843–1919), Canadian politician
Frank Cotton (disambiguation)
William Francis Cotton (1847–1917), Irish politician
Halina Górska (14 May 1898 in Warsaw – 4 June 1942 in Lwów) was a Polish writer and a communist activist. Halina Endelman was the daughter of Zygmund and Czeslawa Endelman. They married Marian Gorski. They had one child born in 1924. They also had a granddaughter, who was born, long after they died
Beginning in 1924 Górska became associated with the Lwów literary scene. Them first publication, in 1925, was "Mam mieszkanie" (I have an apartment), in the Kurier Lwowski. In 1930 they published the fairy tale "O księciu Gotfrydzie, Rycerzu Gwiazdy Wigilijnej" (About Prince Gotfried, Knight of the Christmas Star). For many years they worked for the Lwów radio station, as a host of a special program for young adults. On their initiative, in 1931, the "Związek Błękitnych" (Blue Organization) was created, whose purpose was philanthropic activity. In 1933, together with Tadeusz Hollender and Karol Kuryluk they started the social-cultural monthly "Sygnały" (Signals). They also participated in many social movements associated with the socialists.
After Lwów was occupied by the Soviets they took up active collaboration with the communist authorities, naively believing in the truth of their slogans. However, they were the only one who abstained during voting on the incorporation of the Western Ukraine into the Soviet Union. They wrote for the magazine "Nowe Widnokręgi" (New Horizons), which published fragments of their novels. They also translated Gorky's "Mat'" (The Mother) into Polish. In 1941 they never left Lwow. In the June 1942 they were arrested by the Nazis and executed.
References
1898 births
1942 deaths
Jewish Polish writers
Polish Jews who died in the Holocaust
Writers from Warsaw
Thunder in the Valley, sometimes known as Bob, Son of Battle, is a 1947 American drama film directed by Louis King and starring Lon McCallister, Peggy Ann Garner and Edmund Gwenn. It is based on the 1898 novel Owd Bob by Alfred Ollivant.
It cost $1.9 million.
Main cast
Lon McCallister - David MacAdam
Peggy Ann Garner - Maggie Moore
Edmund Gwenn - Adam MacAdam
Reginald Owen - James Moore
Charles Irwin - Long Kirby
Production
Parts of the film were shot in Duck Creek, Strawberry Valley, Strawberry Point, Kanab Canyon, Navajo Lake, and Blue Springs in Utah.
References
External links
Review at The New York Times
1947 films
1947 drama films
20th Century Fox films
Films set in England
Films directed by Louis King
American drama films
Films shot in Utah
Films based on British novels
Films scored by Cyril J. Mockridge
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Paraguay competed at the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, from July 26 to August 11, 2019.
The Paraguayan team consisted of 71 athletes (48 women and 23 men) competing in 18 sports. This marked the largest ever team the country has ever sent to the Pan American Games.
During the opening ceremony of the games, table tennis athlete Alejandro Toranzos carried the flag of the country as part of the parade of nations.
Paraguay won a total of five medals at the games, a record for one edition of the games. The country also won its first ever gold medal at the Pan American Games when golfer Fabrizio Zanotti won the men's individual event.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors (per gender) participating at the games per sport/discipline.
Medallists
The following competitors from Paraguay won medals at the games. In the by discipline sections below, medalists' names are bolded.
| style="text-align:left; vertical-align:top;"|
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
Athletics (track and field)
Paraguay qualified three athletes (one man and two women).
Key
Note–Ranks given for track events are for the entire round
NR–National record
Track and road events
Men
Women
Field event
Combined events – Heptathlon
Basketball
Paraguay qualified a women's team (of 12 athletes) by finishing in the top seven nations at the 2017 FIBA Women's AmeriCup. This marks the country's debut in women's basketball at the Pan American Games.
Women's tournament
Roster
Source:
Group A
Seventh place match
Beach volleyball
Paraguay qualified a women's pair. This will mark the debut of the country in this discipline at the Pan American Games.
Bodybuilding
Paraguay qualified one female bodybuilder.
Women
No results were provided for the prejudging round, with only the top six advancing.
Canoeing
Slalom
Paraguay qualified a total of one female slalom athlete.
Key
Note–Ranks given are within the heat
Q = Qualified for the next round directly
Women
Equestrian
Paraguay qualified one athlete in equestrian.
Jumping
Football
Paraguay qualified a women's team (of 18 athletes) by finishing in one of the three qualification spots at the 2018 Copa América Femenina.
Women's tournament
Roster
The following players were called up for the games.
Group A
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Golf
Paraguay qualified a full team of four golfers (two men and two women).
Karate
Paraguay qualified one female karateka in the kumite discipline.
Kumite
Women
Roller sports
Paraguay qualified one male skater in the artistic discipline.
Artistic
Rowing
Paraguay qualified seven rowers (five men and two women).
Men
Women
Sailing
Paraguay received a universality spot in the men's laser event.
Key
RET= Retired
STP= Standard penalty
Men
Shooting
Paraguay qualified 3 male sport shooters.
Men
Swimming
Paraguay qualified eight swimmers.
Men
Women
Table tennis
Paraguay qualified a men's team of three athletes by winning the bronze medal at the 2018 Pan American Championships in Santiago, Chile. Paraguay later qualified one female at the final qualification tournament.
Single and doubles
Team
Tennis
Paraguay qualified two female tennis players.
Women
Water skiing
Paraguay qualified one female wake boarder. This marks the country's Pan American Games debut in the sport.
Key
Note–Ranks given for are within the heat
LCQ = Qualified for the Last chance qualifying round
Q = Qualified for the next round directly
Women
Wrestling
Paraguay received one wild card in the men's freestyle discipline.
Freestyle
Men
See also
Paraguay at the 2020 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games
2019
Vitii is an ancient tribe that lived on the territory of Caucasian Albania. Some scholars believe that the Vitii were Caucasian Albanians, while others consider them to have migrated to the Caucasus by the ancient Greeks. Some consider the Vitii to be the ancestors of the modern Udins, but according to other statements, these two tribes could live at the same time. V.V. Nikolaev identifies the Vitii with Gutians. A.A. Tuallagov describes the Vitii as Caucasian Tocharians and says that they came from the territory of the Yuezhi tribe.
According to Strabo, on their lands there was a city in Albania, where the Thessalians from the Ainian tribe lived; according to another version, “Ainians” is a distortion of the local name “Utii” or “Vitii”. In Armenian sources, their land was called "Otena". In addition, Strabo mentions one more tribe of Vitii who lived north of the tribes of Albanians and Caspians on the shores of the Caspian Sea. According to Pliny, the Vitii and Albanians made up the majority in the territory of ancient Sakasene, which was located in the area of present-day Nagorno-Karabakh. Igor M. Diakonoff claims that some of the Uti were part of the Scythian kingdom in the Transcaucasia.
References
Caucasian Albania
Ancient peoples
Pisgah High School may refer to:
Pisgah High School (Mississippi)
Pisgah High School (North Carolina)
This is a list of official symbols of the U.S. state of Louisiana. Official symbols of Louisiana are codified in the laws of Louisiana.
State symbols
State oath
State pledge :
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the state of Louisiana and to the motto for which it stands: A state, under God, united in purpose and ideals, confident that justice shall prevail for all of those abiding here.
LL 167, 1981
State poems
State judicial poem, written by Sylvia Davidson Lott Buckley, and entitled, "America, We The People":
LL 155.4, 1995
State Senate poem, written by Jean McGivney Boese and entitled "Leadership":
LL 155.5, 1999
See also
List of Louisiana-related topics
Louisiana flag
Lists of United States state insignia
State of Louisiana
Fleur-de-lis
References
External links
Official State of Louisiana website
History and Culture of Louisiana
Louisiana State Government
State symbols
Louisiana
"Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now" is a 1979 disco song performed by American R&B duo McFadden & Whitehead, from their debut album McFadden & Whitehead. They wrote and produced the song along with keyboard player Jerry Cohen. McFadden & Whitehead would revisit the song in their 1984 single "Ain't No Stoppin' (Ain't No Way)".
Background
"Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now" is about succeeding despite having faced previous disadvantages ("so many things that held us down"). It was widely interpreted to be about the experience of the African American community, and after attaining popularity, became referred to as "the new black national anthem" (the original being the 1900 song "Lift Every Voice and Sing").
Kelefa Sanneh noted the song was, "an exuberant number often interpreted as an expression of Black pride", but also that the authors of the song were in a dispute over royalties with their record label Philadelphia International. Whitehead said, "If anything, the song was a declaration of our independence from Gamble."
Production
Despite being seen as social commentary, in an interview conducted by Philadelphia video producer Bob Lott, John and Gene revealed that the song was actually about their frustration with Philadelphia International Records owners Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, who for many years preferred that they remain as house songwriters and not performers. Gamble has confirmed that upon first hearing "Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now", they tried unsuccessfully to convince McFadden and Whitehead to give the song to the O'Jays, as they felt it was better to write and produce for the prominent recording artists of the day than to try to compete with them as on-stage performers.
This song features a female Chorus in the repeated refrain. Electronic Beeping feedback sounds are heard towards the ending of the longer version of the song.
Chart performance
Released as the lead single from the album, the song spent a week at number one on the R&B singles chart. It also proved to be a successful crossover hit, peaking at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single also made it to number 10 on the disco charts, and reached number 5 in the UK. It eventually went double platinum, selling over 2 million copies.
Weekly singles charts
Year-end charts
Notable cover versions
Luther Vandross did a cover version of this song for their 1994 cover album Songs. Their version of the song was also performed as a duet with British girl group the Spice Girls for their An Audience With... special on the UK's ITV in 1997, and later appeared as a B-Side to their single "Stop".
Kate Pierson and Cindy Wilson of the B-52's recorded the song for the 1996 soundtrack The Associate.
Soundtrack appearances
The song was featured in the 1997 movie Boogie Nights and the 2016 movie Bridget Jones's Baby, along with their accompanying soundtrack albums.
Other appearances
The song served as the 1980 theme song for the Philadelphia Phillies, 1980-81 Philadelphia Eagles and 2000-2001 Philadelphia 76ers. (McFadden and Whitehead sung a Phillies, Eagles and Sixers version of "Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now". For example, the line in the chorus would instead mention the team: "Ain't no stoppin' us now, the Phillies got the groove").
Following the 1992 Coup in Sierra Leone, the new government headed by Valentine Strasser attempted to replace the Sierra Leonean national anthem with this song.
David Haye walked out to the song in their much anticipated rematch with Tony Bellew.
References
1979 debut singles
1979 songs
Disco songs
Songs written by Gene McFadden
Songs written by John Whitehead (singer)
Philadelphia International Records singles
Pulaski County is located in the U.S. state of Arkansas with a population of 399,125, making it the most populous county in Arkansas. Its county seat is Little Rock, which is also Arkansas's capital and largest city. Pulaski County is Arkansas's fifth county, formed on December 15, 1818, alongside Clark and Hempstead Counties. The county is named for Casimir Pulaski, a Polish volunteer who saved George Washington's life during the American Revolutionary War. Pulaski County is included in the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway, AR Metropolitan Statistical Area which had 731,612 people in the 2015 census estimates. The Little Rock, North Little Rock Combined Statistical Area had 904,469 people in the 2015 census estimates.
History
U. M. Rose, a pro-Confederate attorney, was county chancellor (judge and chief county executive) from 1860 until the fall of Little Rock to Union forces on September 1, 1863.
An 1863 American Civil War battle, the Battle of Bayou Fourche, occurred a few days later in Pulaski County.
Pulaski County was home to Willow Springs Water Park, one of the oldest water parks in the nation, which opened in 1928 and closed in 2013.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (5.9%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 65
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 70
U.S. Highway 165
U.S. Highway 167
Highway 5
Highway 10
Highway 100
Highway 161
Highway 300
Highway 338
Highway 365
Highway 367
Adjacent counties
Faulkner County (north)
Lonoke County (east)
Grant County (south)
Jefferson County (south)
Saline County (west)
Perry County (northwest)
National protected areas
Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 399,125 people, 158,000 households, and 93,080 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 361,474 people, 147,942 households, and 95,718 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 161,135 housing units at an average density of 209 per square mile (81/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 63.96% White, 31.87% Black or African American, 0.39% Native American, 1.25% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.09% from other races, and 1.40% from two or more races. 2.44% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 147,942 households, out of which 30.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.90% were married couples living together, 15.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.30% were non-families. 30.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.20% under the age of 18, 9.60% from 18 to 24, 31.10% from 25 to 44, 22.60% from 45 to 64, and 11.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,120, and the median income for a family was $46,523. Males had a median income of $33,131 versus $25,943 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,466. About 10.40% of families and 13.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.90% of those under age 18 and 9.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government and infrastructure
The Arkansas Department of Correction Wrightsville Unit is in Wrightsville.
Politics
Pulaski County is one of the most Democratic counties in Arkansas and the Southern United States. The city of North Little Rock was ranked the most liberal community in the state.
In the Reconstruction Era following the Civil War, Republicans carried the county in every presidential election from 1868 to 1888. Since then, Republicans have only won the county four times: 1956, 1972, 1984, and 1988, all national Republican landslides.
Pulaski County has followed in the footsteps of most urban counties across the country, especially in the era of Barack Obama's presidency and post-presidency that has seen urban areas turn bluer and rural areas, such as virtually all of Arkansas, get even redder and more conservative. Donald Trump, the two-time winner of the state with over 60% of the vote, only garnered about 38% in this county, among their worst performances in a state that has strongly turned against the Democrats in the 21st century. Joe Biden's 59.9% share in 2020 is the highest for a Democrat in the county since 1976, besting even native son Bill Clinton in both 1992 and 1996.
Education
Tertiary
Pulaski Technical College is a two-year community college and technical school that offers seven locations throughout the county, including a flagship campus in western North Little Rock.
Four-year postsecondary institutions include the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, the University of Arkansas System's only metropolitan campus, the United Methodist Church-affiliated Philander Smith College, Arkansas Baptist College, and the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences — all located in Little Rock.
School districts include:
Jacksonville North Pulaski School District
Little Rock School District
North Little Rock School District
Pulaski County Special School District
East End School District
State-operated schools
Arkansas School for the Blind
Arkansas School for the Deaf
Communities
Cities
Cammack Village
Jacksonville
Little Rock (county seat)
Maumelle
North Little Rock
Sherwood
Wrightsville
Town
Alexander
Census-designated places
College Station
Gibson
Hensley
Landmark
McAlmont
Natural Steps
Roland
Scott
Sweet Home
Woodson
Other communities
Crystal Hill
Gravel Ridge
Ironton
Little Italy
Mabelvale
Marche
Pankey
Woodyardville
Townships
Townships in Arkansas are the divisions of a county. Each township includes unincorporated areas and some may have incorporated towns or cities within part of their space. Townships have limited purposes in modern times. However, the US Census does list Arkansas population based on townships (often referred to as "minor civil divisions"). Townships are also of value for historical purposes in terms of genealogical research. Each town or city is within one or more townships in an Arkansas county based on census maps. Pulaski County only has two townships, as of 2010. They are listed below.
Notable people
Granville Ryles (1831-1909), minister, farmer and state legislator in Arkansas
See also
List of lakes in Pulaski County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Arkansas
References
External links
Pulaski County Government
Pulaski County, Arkansas in Encyclopedia of Arkansas
Arkansas counties
1818 establishments in Missouri Territory
Populated places established in 1818
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Monuments and memorials to Casimir Pulaski
Majority-minority counties in Arkansas
Raghavendra Chandrashekar (born 9 July 1982) is an Indian cricketer, who played for Karnataka in first-class cricket between 2004 and 2006.
References
1982 births
Living people
John Sumner (died May 1649) was an English theatre actor during the Caroline era (1625–1642).
Career
They were a long-time member of the Queen Henrietta's Men, one of the prime playing companies or acting troupes of the time and named for Henrietta Maria of France, the queen consort of England, Scotland and Ireland as the wife of King Charles I.
The existing evidence suggests that Sumner played with the company throughout its existence, from 1625 to 1642. Sumner was cast in all five of the company's productions for which casting information exists. They played these roles:
Mustapha in Philip Massinger's The Renegado
Marwood in James Shirley's The Wedding
Himulco in Thomas Nabbes's Hannibal and Scipio
Young Bruce in Robert Davenport's King John and Matilda
the Duke of Florence in Thomas Heywood's The Fair Maid of the West, Part 2.
They probably also played in the company's production of John Ford's Love's Sacrifice as well.
The roles they played tended to be young male leads and vigorous dashing figures, which reveals something about the kind of actor they are.
Personal life
James Wright's Historia Histrionica (1699) states that Sumner was a roommate of Richard Perkins, fellow actor with the Queen's company. As Wright put it, "Perkins and Sumner of the Cockpit [Theatre] kept house together in Clerkenwell, and were there buried...."
The date of Sumner's death is not known, although they were buried on 24 May 1649.
References
1649 deaths
17th-century English male actors
English male stage actors
Year of birth unknown
Edith May Mayne (29 September 1905 – 7 May 1953), later known by their married name Edith Peacock, was an English freestyle swimmer from Newton Abbot, Devon, who broke the world record in the women's 1500-metre freestyle on 15 September 1926 in Exmouth, Devon, clocking 24:00.2. They represented Great Britain in the 400-metre freestyle event at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, Netherlands, but was eliminated in the semi-finals.
See also
World record progression 1500 metres freestyle
References
External links
British Olympic Association athlete profile
Edith Mayne's profile at Sports Reference.com
1905 births
1953 deaths
English female swimmers
English female freestyle swimmers
Swimmers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
World record setters in swimming
People from Newton Abbot
Yankeetown is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Yankeetown was established in 1851, and remained in operation until 1865. A church was built at Yankeetown in 1912.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Kızılcakışla, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Miłkowice may refer to:
Miłkowice, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Miłkowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Çamlıköy is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Ceresoli is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carlo Ceresoli (1910–1995), Italian footballer
Maurizio Ceresoli (born 1983), Italian race-driver
Ettore Ceresoli (born 1970), Italian high jumper
Anthony Ceresoli (born 2003), Italian shoe seller
Italian-language surnames
John C. Kelley (sometimes credited as John Kelley) is an American television writer and producer who formerly served as a supervising producer on the acclaimed Fox medical drama House (2004–12).
Career
Kelley's career in entertainment began when they wrote and directed a short film entitled The Yellow Badge of Courage in 1999. In 2001 they served as a producer and writer on a television special entitled Earthship.TV, a display of footage from filmmaker James Cameron's expedition to the wreck of the R.M.S. Titanic. From 2003-2007 they served as a writer and producer on the CBS crime series NCIS, writing or co-writing sixteen episodes during this time. In 2010 they wrote a freelance episode of House, which aired as part of its sixth season. They were brought aboard as a staff writer at the beginning of season seven.
Television work
NCIS episodes
1.03: "Sea Dog" (with Donald P. Bellisario)
1.03: "Marine Down"
1.15: "Enigma"
1.20: "Missing"
2.05: "The Bone Yard"
2.09: "Forced Entry" (with Jesse Stern)
2.11: "Black Water" (with Juan Carlos Coto)
2.15: "Caught on Tape" (with Chris Crowe and Gil Grant)
2.23: "Twilight"
3.03: "Mind Games" (with Jeffrey Kirkpatrick)
3.04: "Silver War" (with Joshua Lurie)
4.01: "Shalom" (with Donald Bellisario)
4.10: "Smoked" (with Robert Palm)
4.11: "Driven" (with Nell Scovell and Richard Arthur)
4.15: "Friends and Lovers"
4.19: "Grace Period"
House episodes
6.18: "Knight Fall"
7.03: "Unwritten"
7.14: "Recession Proof"
7.17: "Fall from Grace"
8.05: "The Confession"
8.14: "Love Is Blind"
8.19: "The C Word"
The Blacklist episodes
1.05: "The Courier (No. 85)"
References
External links
American television writers
American male television writers
American television producers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Else Baum was an Austrian film editor active from 1930 to 1940.
Selected filmography
Zwielicht (1940)
Ein Mädchen geht an Land (1938)
Schatten der Vergangenheit (1936)
Der König lächelt – Paris lacht (1936)
The White Horse Inn (1935)
...nur ein Komödiant (1935)
Die ewige Maske (1935)
Lockspitzel Asew (1935)
The Cousin from Nowhere (1934)
Shock Troop (1934)
Gruß und Kuß – Veronika (1933)
Two Good Comrades (1933)
There Is Only One Love (1933)
Sehnsucht 202 (1932)
The Company's in Love (1932)
Reserve hat Ruh (1931)
Victoria and Them Hussar (1931)
Geld auf der Straße (1930)
Die Lindenwirtin (1930)
References
Austrian film editors
Women film editors
Pseudoponera is a small genus of ponerine ants. The genus was described by Emery in 1900.
Description
The genus contains a small number of species, preferring Neotropical climates. Despite being a small genus, the species have a worldwide distribution, where they are found in multiple continents.
List of species
There are 6 species belonging to Pseudoponera:
Pseudoponera cognata (Emery, 1896)
Pseudoponera gilberti (Kempf, 1960)
Pseudoponera gilloglyi (MacKay & MacKay, 2010)
Pseudoponera pachynoda (Clark, 1930)
Pseudoponera stigma (Fabricius, 1804)
Pseudoponera succedanea (Roger, 1863)
References
Ponerinae
Ant genera
Filyakovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 2 as of 2002.
Geography
Filyakovo is located 36 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kozhinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Hawthorne (sometimes stylized HawthoRNe) is an American medical drama television series created by John Masius. It starred Jada Pinkett Smith and Michael Vartan and premiered on TNT on June 16, 2009. On September 16, 2010, it was announced that Hawthorne had been renewed for a third season consisting of ten episodes. The season premiered on June 14, 2011 and ended on August 16, 2011.
On September 2, 2011, it was announced that TNT had decided not to renew Hawthorne for a fourth season, so the season 3 finale, a cliffhanger, was the series finale.
Premise
Christina Hawthorne is introduced as Chief Nursing Officer heading a group of nurses at Richmond Trinity Hospital in Richmond, Virginia.  They are very passionate about their work and always advocates for their patients and their staff, even when it threatens their job. Richmond Trinity Hospital later closes and the staff is moved to James River Hospital. While acclimating to the new work atmosphere, they must also deal with a new relationship that they have formed with Dr. Tom Wakefield, the Chief of Surgery. Dr. Wakefield wants commitment and they are still unsure if they can become close with someone else. In season three they get married and face challenges including loss and infidelity.
Episodes
Cast and characters
Main
Jada Pinkett Smith as Christina Hawthorne, COO & President of James River Hospital, Director of Nursing at James River Hospital, former CNO of Richmond Trinity Hospital
Michael Vartan as Dr. Tom Wakefield, M.D., Chief of Surgery
David Julian Hirsh as Nurse Ray Stein (seasons 1–2)
Suleka Mathew as Charge Nurse Bobbie Jackson, Chief Nursing Officer of James River Hospital (seasons 1–2)
Christina Moore as Nurse Candy Sullivan (seasons 1–2; guest season 3)
Hannah Hodson as Camille Hawthorne
Vanessa Lengies as Scrub-Charge Nurse Kelly Epson (seasons 2–3)
Marc Anthony as Detective Nick Renata (season 3; recurring season 2)
Anne Ramsay as Dr. Brenda Marshall (season 3; recurring seasons 1–2)
Adam Rayner as Dr. Steve Shaw (season 3; recurring season 2)
Derek Luke as Dr. Miles Bourdet (season 3)
James Morrison as John Morrisey, former CEO of James River Hospital (season 3, recurring seasons 1–2)
Recurring
Aisha Hinds as Isabel Walsh (seasons 1–2)
Collins Pennie as Marcus Leeds (season 2)
Vanessa Bell Calloway as Gail Strummer, co-director of Nursing James River Hospital (seasons 2–3)
Development and production
John Masius created the program and served as executive producer for the first season. Glen Mazzara also served as executive producer for the first season. The program was initially going to be called Time Heals. Megan Branman and Dylann Brander of Branman/Brander Casting were involved in casting for the program. In September 2008, Jamie Tarses was reported to be an executive producer on the program.
In September 2008, The Press of Atlantic City reported that Jada Pinkett Smith signed on as both the star of the television pilot, and to serve as executive producer of the program. Pinkett Smith had previously promised never to work in television again, but changed their mind after reading the script of the pilot. They recalled getting the script from their manager: "He said, 'I would never send this to you if I didn't think it was fantastic.' I read it and then I let my husband read it. (Will) said to take the meeting and see." They decided to return to television because of the show's unique qualities.
In the pilot, Jeffrey Nordling portrayed Dr. Tom Wakefield, director of medicine. In February 2009, Michael Vartan was cast to co-star alongside Pinkett Smith as Dr. Tom Wakefield in the series. By June 6, 2009, the program's title had been changed to Hawthorne.
Masius continued on as executive producer in the second season. In September 2009, Glen Mazzara was named showrunner for the program's second season. Masius decided to name Mazzara as showrunner for the second season, citing a desire to focus more on writing.
Home media
Broadcast
NBCUniversal International Networks - HawthoRNe began airing in Australia on Universal Channel.
Reception
Critical response
Amy Amatangelo of the Boston Herald gave the program a grade of "D+", commenting: "'HawthoRNe' can't make a diagnosis. It's a comedy; it's a drama. It's a mess, fronted by Jada Pinkett Smith, making a return to series television as Christina Hawthorne, the chief nursing officer for Richmond Trinity Hospital and about the closest thing to a heavenly figure on the small screen since Roma Downey took flight on Touched by an Angel." In a review for Zap2it, Amatangelo commented "With each passing episode, they seem to be writing Christina (Jada Pinkett Smith) deeper and deeper into a corner. They can't always be in an uproar about everything or always play the hero. The show cannot center around them at the expense of everyone else." Greg Braxton of the Los Angeles Times noted, "Tom Shales in the Washington Post suggested 'HawthoRNe' is 'a show in need of emergency care.'" In an assessment of the program for Bangor Daily News, Dale McGarrigle wrote that "It also pales in comparison to other original dramas on its own channel." Alan Pergament of The Buffalo News was critical of the lead actor's decision to star in the series: "Jada Pinkett Smith, the actor married to film superstar Will Smith, must be getting a little bored lately. And now they are going to bore some of us. There is no other explanation for their decision to star in TNT's routine 'HawthoRNe' as the latest strong, flawed woman on the cable network." Robert Bianco of USA Today wrote: "HawthoRNe would be terrible if it were the only series on TV and the only medical drama you'd ever seen. It's just too bad it's not TV's first medical show. At least it could get credit for inventing clichés instead of rehashing them." Of the lead actor's performance in the show, Bianco commented: "Pinkett Smith's Hawthorne is tired in every sense of the word, and she's not the only one. Every character and event falls under the category of painfully predictable." Gail Pennington of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch commented that the Showtime program Nurse Jackie was superior to Hawthorne, writing: "Maybe if Showtime's 'Nurse Jackie' weren't so riveting, 'Hawthorne' wouldn't seem so weak. Or maybe 'Hawthorne,' the nurse drama headlined by Jada Pinkett Smith, would seem trite and derivative no matter what."
Ratings
The first episode of Hawthorne received 3.8 million viewers, with a debut at the 17th spot in the list of the "Top 20 cable network television shows for the week ending June 21, 2009". It placed directly below the Nickelodeon episode of iCarly, "iDate A Bad Boy", and above the USA Network program, In Plain Sight. By its 10th episode, the show's viewership had declined to 3.5 million.
Overall, the show's first season was beaten in the ratings among adults aged 25–54 by the new science fiction program Warehouse 13 produced by Syfy, and the medical drama Royal Pains produced by the USA Network.
Awards and nominations
NAACP Image Awards
'''2010: Won—Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series for Jada Pinkett Smith
2010: Nominated—Outstanding Drama Series
2011: Nominated—Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series for Jada Pinkett Smith
2011: Nominated—Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for Vanessa Bell Calloway
2011: Nominated—Outstanding Drama Series
2011: Won—OP Award
Prism Awards
2010: Nominated—Performance in a Drama Episode for Jada Pinkett Smith
2010: Nominated—Drama Series Episode—Substance Use
NAMIC Vision Awards
2010: Nominated—Drama
References
External links
2009 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
2000s American drama television series
2010s American drama television series
2000s American medical television series
2010s American medical television series
English-language television shows
TNT (American TV network) original programming
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
Television shows set in Virginia
In computing job control refers to the control of multiple tasks or jobs on a computer system, ensuring that they each have access to adequate resources to perform correctly, that competition for limited resources does not cause a deadlock where two or more jobs are unable to complete, resolving such situations where they do occur, and terminating jobs that, for any reason, are not performing as expected.
Job control has developed from the early days of computers where human operators were responsible for setting up, monitoring and controlling every job, to modern operating systems, which take on the bulk of the work of job control.
Even with a highly sophisticated scheduling system, some human intervention is desirable. Modern systems permit their users to stop and resume jobs, to execute them in the foreground (with the ability to interact with the user) or in the background. Unix-like systems follow this pattern.
History
It became obvious to the early computer developers that their fast machines spent most of the time idle because the single program they were executing had to wait while a slow peripheral device completed an essential operation such as reading or writing data; in modern terms, programs were I/O-bound, not compute-bound. Buffering only provided a partial solution; eventually an output buffer would occupy all available memory or an input buffer would be emptied by the program, and the system would be forced to wait for a relatively slow device to complete an operation.
A more general solution is multitasking. More than one running program, or process, is present in the computer at any given time. If a process is unable to continue, its context can be stored and the computer can start or resume the execution of another process. At first quite unsophisticated and relying on special programming techniques, multitasking soon became automated, and was usually performed by a special process called the scheduler, having the ability to interrupt and resume the execution of other processes. Typically a driver for a peripheral device suspends execution of the current process if the device is unable to complete an operation immediately, and the scheduler places the process on its queue of sleeping jobs. When the peripheral completed the operation the process is re-awakened. Similar suspension and resumption may also apply to inter-process communication, where processes have to communicate with one another in an asynchronous manner but may sometimes have to wait for a reply.
However this low-level scheduling has its drawbacks. A process that seldom needs to interact with peripherals or other processes would simply hog processor resource until it completed or was halted by manual intervention. The result, particularly for interactive systems running tasks that frequently interact with the outside world, is that the system is sluggish and slow to react in a timely manner. This problem is resolved by allocating a "timeslice" to each process, a period of uninterrupted execution after which the scheduler automatically puts it on the sleep queue. Process could be given different priorities, and the scheduler could then allocate varying shares of available execution time to each process on the basis of the assigned priorities.
This system of pre-emptive multitasking forms the basis of most modern job control systems.
Batch processing
While batch processing can run around the clock, with or without computer operators, since the computer is much faster than a person, most decision-making occurs before the job even begins to run, and requires planning by the "programmer."
Batch-oriented features
Although a computer operator may be present, batch processing is intended to mostly operate without human intervention. Therefore, many details must be included in the submitted instructions:
which programs to run;
which files and/or devices to use for input-output; and
at times to also indicate under what conditions to skip a step.
Job control languages
Batch
Early computer resident monitors and operating systems were relatively primitive and were not capable of sophisticated resource allocation. Typically such allocation decisions were made by the computer operator or the user who submitted a job. Batch processing was common, and interactive computer systems rare and expensive. Job control languages (JCLs) developed as primitive instructions, typically punched on cards at the head of a deck containing input data, requesting resources such as memory allocation, serial numbers or names of magnetic tape spools to be made available during execution, or assignment of filenames or devices to device numbers referenced by the job. A typical example of this kind of language, still in use on mainframes, is IBM's Job Control Language (also known as JCL). Though the format of early JCLs was intended for punched card use, the format survived the transition to storage in computer files on disk.
BANG and other non-IBM JCL
Non-IBM mainframe batch systems had some form of job control language, whether called that or not; their syntax was completely different from IBM versions, but they usually provided similar capabilities. Interactive systems include "command languages"—command files (such as PCDOS ".bat" files) can be run non-interactively, but these usually do not provide as robust an environment for running unattended jobs as JCL. On some computer systems the job control language and the interactive command language may be different. For example, TSO on z/OS systems uses CLIST or Rexx as command languages along with JCL for batch work. On other systems these may be the same.
The Non-IBM JCL of what at one time was known as the BUNCH (Burroughs, Univac/Unisys, NCR, Control Data, Honeywell), except for Unisys, are part of the BANG that has been quieted.
Interactive
As time sharing systems developed, interactive job control emerged. An end-user in a time sharing system could submit a job interactively from their remote terminal (remote job entry), communicate with the operators to warn them of special requirements, and query the system as to its progress. They could assign a priority to the job, and terminate (kill) it if desired. They could also, naturally, run a job in the foreground, where they would be able to communicate directly with the executing program. During interactive execution they could interrupt the job and let it continue in the background or kill it. This development of interactive computing in a multitasking environment led to the development of the modern shell.
JCL, file systems and device independence
The ability to not have to specify part or all of the information about a file or device to be used by a given program is called
device independence.
Real-time computing
Pre-emptive multitasking with job control assures that a system operates in a timely manner most of the time. In some environments (for instance, operating expensive or dangerous machinery), a strong design constraint of the system is the delivery of timely results in all circumstances. In such circumstances, job control is more complex and the role of scheduling is more important.
Since real-time systems do event-driven scheduling for all real-time operations, "the sequence of these real-time operations is not under the immediate control of a computer operator or programmer."
However, a system may have the ability to interleave real-time and other, less time-critical tasks, where the dividing line might for example be response required within one tenth of a second. In the case of the Xerox RBM (Real-time/Batch Monitor) systems, for example, two other capabilities existed:
computer operator commands ("unsolicited key-in");
background job streams (batch jobs).
External links
Job Control - The GNU C Library
See also
Command language
Job Control Language
Job control (Unix)
References
Computing terminology
The Minister of State for Mashonaland East is the governor of Mashonaland East Province in Zimbabwe. The governor oversees provincial affairs and sits in the House of Assembly of the Parliament of Zimbabwe. The governor is appointed by the President of Zimbabwe and is not appointed to a set term. Historically, the governor held the title Governor of Mashonaland East, but the office has since been renamed to align with the 2013 Constitution of Zimbabwe, which does not allow for provincial governors.
List of governors
See also
List of current provincial governors of Zimbabwe
References
Governors of Mashonaland East
Xangongo (pre-1975: Vila Roçadas) is a town, with a population of 35,000 (2014), and a commune in the municipality of Ombadja, province of Cunene, Angola.
It is also the seat of that municipality and is located at around . It was also the site of considerable fighting in the war for the independence of Namibia (Southwest Africa) and the Angolan Civil War.
Xangongo and SWAPO
Xangongo was the headquarters of SWAPO's "northwestern front." A South African military operation called "Operation Protea" occurred on August 23, 1981. Its aim was to destroy SWAPO in the Angolan towns of Xangongo and Ondjiva. It was very successful and significantly boosted the South African military operations against both SWAPO and the Angolan military. The bridge over the Cunene River was destroyed by SADF Special Forces and the town was held for many years by South Africa. At the end of the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale the Fidel Castro 50th Brigade moved in and started harassing the withdrawing SADF forces, triggering Operation Excite/Hilti. In response to this harassment the SADF mobilized 81 Armoured Brigades in Operation Desert Fox, designed to neutralize the Cuban 50th Division, but this was not necessary because of the successful negotiations that ended the South African involvement in the Angolan Civil War.
Transport
The area is served by Xangongo Airport.
References
Populated places in Cunene Province
Communes in Cunene Province
Pinguicula acuminata is an insectivorous plant of the genus Pinguicula endemic to the Mexican state of Hidalgo, a member of the section Heterophyllum. It is notable for producing flowers while the winter rosette is buried beneath the soil surface. Described in 1839, it was not rediscovered until 150 years later.
Morphology
Pinguicula acuminata is a perennial rosetted herb bearing stiff, ground-hugging ovate to cordiform acuminate 22–92 mm. (½-3½ in.) long leaves. These are borne on unusually long petioles (20–58 mm or ½–1 in), which allow the stem base to remain buried slightly underground. The leaves are densely covered with stalked mucilaginous and sessile digestive glands, which serve to trap and digest insect prey and absorb the resulting nutrient mixture to supplement their nitrate-low environment. During dryer winter conditions when food is scarce, P. acuminata forms winter rosettes of short, non-carnivorous leaves to decrease the loss of energy used on carnivorous mechanisms. In this species the entire winter rosette is withdrawn slightly beneath the soil surface, leaving only the shriveled summer leaves visible.
2-4 white to lilac flowers, borne singly on 74–150 mm. stalks, appear between March and May, before the carnivorous summer leaves emerge.
Distribution and habitat
Pinguicula acuminata is known only from 8 locations in and around the El Chico municipality in the state of Hidalgo. Here it grows on well-shaded mossy banks between 2400 and 2800 meters in altitude. It often grows in association with Pinguicula moranensis, as well as an assortment of mosses, ferns, and succulents.
Botanical history
Pinguicula acuminata was first discovered and described by George Bentham in 1839, based solely on the winter rosette. Ernst studied herbarium material in 1961, and Casper used their description when publishing their monograph of the genus in 1966. Live specimens of the plant in its summer growth were not observed until Hans Luhrs rediscovered the species in 1989. The species has since entered cultivation.
References
Carnivorous plants of North America
acuminata
Endemic flora of Mexico
Plants described in 1839
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Marshall County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 6 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Marshall County
Kettle Stones Provincial Park was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba, Canada, in 1997. The park is in size. The park is considered to be a Class III protected area under the IUCN protected area management categories.
See also
List of protected areas of Manitoba
References
Provincial parks of Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
The Falekaupule on each of the Islands of Tuvalu is the traditional assembly of elders or te sina o fenua (literally: "grey-hairs of the land" in the Tuvaluan language). Under the Falekaupule Act (1997), the powers and functions of the Falekaupule are now shared with the Kaupule on each island, which is the executive arm of the Falekaupule, whose members are elected. The Kaupule has an elected president - pule o kaupule; an appointed treasurer - ofisa ten tupe; and is managed by a committee appointed by the Kaupule.
The Falekaupule Act (1997) defines the Falekaupule to mean "traditional assembly in each island ... composed in accordance with the Aganu of each island". Aganu means traditional customs and culture. The Falekaupule on each island has existed from time immemorial and continues to act as the local government of each island. Generally men aged 50 years, and on some islands men aged 60 years, do most of the talking and decision making at meetings of the community councils (Falekaupule), which are organised according to the law and custom of each island. Although women have the vote in meetings of the Falekaupule on 7 of the 9 islands, but most do not exercise their voting rights.
The traditional island meeting hall where important matters are discussed and which is also used for wedding celebrations and community activities is also known as the falekaupule or maneapa.
Establishment of the Kaupule
Section 5 (1) of the Falekaupule Act (1997) establishes the Kaupule of each Falekaupule, with six members who are elected as provided for in section 8. Section 5 (1) establishes that the Kaupule is the executive arm of the Falekaupule and performs all the functions conferred on the Falekaupule by the Falekaupule Act or any other Act, except for certain specified functions. Under section 6 the Kaupule is a “body corporate having perpetual succession and a common seal and shall be capable of suing and being sued and of acquiring, holding and disposing of movable and immovable property.” Under section 18 provides for the election of to Pule o Kaupule - the person elected to preside over a Kaupule.
Functions of the Falekaupule
As described in section 40 and Schedule 3 of the Falekaupule Act (1997) the general functions of a Falekaupule includes local government functions related to agriculture, livestock and fisheries; building and town or village planning; education; forestry and trees; land; relief of famine and drought; markets; public health; public order, peace and safety; communications and public utilities; trade and industry; and other miscellaneous functions.
The educational function of the Falekaupule includes responsibility to build, equip, maintain or manage any kindergarten primary school and primary school in the Falekaupule area; to supervise the compulsory education of children or specified categories of children between the ages of 5 and 15 years in accordance with the Education Act; and to grant and maintain scholarships or bursaries to persons resident in the Falekaupule area to attend any school or other educational institution in Tuvalu or elsewhere. The government secondary school in Tuvalu is Motufoua Secondary School, which is located on Vaitupu. Students board at the school during the school term, returning to their home islands each school vacation. Fetuvalu Secondary School, a day school operated by the Church of Tuvalu, is on Funafuti.
Among the miscellaneous functions the Falekaupule is responsible for registering marriages, births or deaths. The Falekaupule is also directed to preserve the heritage of each island such as promoting and regulating the development of an arts and crafts industry; and the protection and preservation of the traditional culture of the Falekaupule area, including powers to prohibit or control the removal from it of any antique artifact.
In accordance with section 41 and Schedule 3 “[i]t shall be the duty of every Falekaupule and of every Kaupule to use its resources to assist the police in the detection and prevention of crime within the area of its authority.”
Falekaupule Trust Fund (FTF)
The role of each Falekaupule in the economy of each island is assisted by the operation of the Falekaupule Trust Fund (FTF), which is a trust fund for outer island development that was established following the success of the Tuvalu Trust Fund in the management of the Economy of Tuvalu. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) provided A$6 million in loan funds, with the FTF being established in July 1999 and with the funds being invested in February 2000. The Government of Tuvalu agreed to match the amount provided by the ADB, with contributions from each of the eight island communities of Tuvalu, and with the contributions from the island contributions also matched by the Government. The governance structure of the FTF follows that of the Tuvalu Trust Fund, but each with island community having a representative on the board and the government provides a non-voting chair. In 2001 the value of the FTF was around $15 million of which $1.2 million was contributed by the island communities.
Limits to the power of the Falekaupule
The traditional power of the high-chief, or ulu-aliki, and the sub-chiefs (alikis) and the Falekaupule was without challenge. The consequence of defying the customary authority of the Falekaupule could result in customary process known as falaesea (to banishment a person from the island). A possible example of banishment is that in the late 17th century fighting occurred in Niutao between competing leaders. The followers of the defeated leaders were forced off Niutao and were allowed to settle on Nanumea.
Tuvalu is now parliamentary democracy with the Constitution of Tuvalu stating that it is "the supreme law of Tuvalu" and that "all other laws shall be interpreted and applied subject to this Constitution"; it sets out the Principles of the Bill of Rights and the Protection of the Fundamental Rights and Freedoms. Therefore, the traditional power of the Falekaupule is proscribed by the Constitution and by other elements of the Law of Tuvalu.
The relationship with members of parliament
The role of the member of the Parliament of Tuvalu in the parliamentary democracy established in the Constitution and the ability of Falekaupule to direct an MP as to their conduct as a member, was considered by the High Court of Tuvalu in Nukufetau v. Metia. The Falekaupule of Nukufetau directed Lotoala Metia, the elected member of parliament, as to which group of members they should join and when this directive was not followed the Falekaupule ordered Metia to resign as a member of parliament. When the Falekaupule attempted to enforce these directives through legal action, Ward CJ determined that the Constitution is structured around the concept of a parliamentary democracy; and that “[o]ne of the most fundamental aspects of parliamentary democracy is that, whilst a person is elected to represent the people of the district from which they are elected, they are not bound to act in accordance with the directives of the electorate either individually or as a body.  They are elected because a majority of the voters regard them as the candidate best equipped to represent them and their interests in the government of their country.  They are bound by the rules of parliament and answerable to parliament for the manner in which they act. Should they lose the confidence of the electorate, they cannot be obliged to resign and they can only be removed for one of the reasons set out in sections 96 to 99 of the Constitution.”
The Chief Justice also considered the question as to whether an MP's customary obligation to obey the commands of the island as expressed by the Falekaupule, overrides the MP's duties to Parliament. The Falekaupule asserted that the customary process known as falaesea (to banishment a person who defied the customary authority of the Falekaupule) provided the legal authority to order Metia to resign as a member of parliament. The Chief Justice stated that “[i]f the fifth principle of the Preamble is to have any real meaning, it must apply to this case. The Constitution is law for the whole of Tuvalu. It clearly and properly acknowledges the customary role of, and respect for, the falekaupule on each island but, when support for an island's custom and tradition will have a disproportionate effect on the whole country, the island's interests must be subordinated to the national interest. The constitutional preservation of those traditional values is a vital part of present day Tuvalu but I cannot accept that a decision to implement them on one island is reasonable if it will seriously have an adverse effect on the whole country. In the present case, I am satisfied that it was unreasonable for the Falekaupule to ignore the interests of the whole country over an affront to its dignity by one of the island community.”
The Chief Justice went on to state that “the carrying out of those threats by the orders banishing Metia and thus preventing them from properly performing the duties for which they were elected were clearly contrary to the spirit and intent of the Constitution and a totally unacceptable intrusion into the workings of the Tuvaluan Parliament. It should be borne in mind that the supremacy given Parliament by the Constitution is over the country as a whole and must, therefore, take precedence over purely local interests if the latter are in conflict with the national interest. I am satisfied that, as it was a challenge to parliamentary supremacy, it was unreasonable and was thus a breach of the defendant's right to procedural fairness. Similarly, the order of falaesea, although a part of the customary practices of Nukufetau, was so extremely disproportionate to the actions of the Falekaupule in similar previous cases as to be unfair.”
Ability to restrict the exercise of freedoms protected by the Constitution
Teonea v. Pule o Kaupule of Nanumaga is a case that raised issues in relation to the balancing the freedoms of religion, expression and association that are set out in the Constitution of Tuvalu against the values of Tuvaluan stability and culture that are also referred to in the Constitution. The dispute arose in July 2003 when the Falekaupule of Nanumaga passed a resolution that had the effect of banning the Brethren Church from seeking converts in Nanumaga. The Falekaupule had decided that the preaching of the Brethren Church was causing division in the Nanumaga community.
The decision of Ward CJ balanced the freedoms of religion, expression and association against the values of Tuvaluan stability and culture, with the Chief Justice accepting the evidence of the unrest and tension on Nanumaga. The decision of the Chief Justice was to refuse to grant the declaration sought by Mase Teonea – that the resolution was unlawful as it was contrary to the Constitution.
In the Court of Appeal of Tuvalu the majority judgments of Fisher and Paterson JJA allowed the appeal, so that the judgment of the Chief Justice was set aside. The Court of Appeal made the declaration that the resolution of the Falekaupule of 4 July 2003 was contrary to the Constitution. Tomkins JA provided a minority opinion in which they accepted the decision of the Chief Justice and would have dismissed the appeal.
The approach to the constitutional questions that the Court of Appeal should take was described by Paterson JA who stated:
“[I]t is my view that it is for the Court to determine whether the circumstances are such that it is necessary to regulate or place some restriction on the exercise of the rights at issue in this case. The balancing act requires a consideration of the importance of the freedoms in question and whether it is necessary to regulate or place some restrictions on the exercise of those freedoms if the exercise:
[a] may be divisive, unsettling or offensive to the people; or
[b] may directly threaten Tuvaluan values or culture.
Section 29(5) of the Constitution makes it clear that a restriction may be lawful even if it restricts religious freedom, if the exercise of the rights would lead to the results specified in section 29(4). This provision is subject to sections 12 and 15 which provides that any restriction must be reasonably justifiable in a democratic society that has a proper respect for human rights and dignity when considered in the light of the circumstances existing at the time.”
References
Politics of Tuvalu
The House of Love and Prayer was a synagogue founded by Shlomo Carlebach in the 1960s. The synagogue's ritual was inspired by the American counterculture movement, and attracted young, non-affiliated Jews. The synagogue eventually disbanded, and some of the congregants relocated to Israel, founding Moshav Mevo Modi'im in 1975.
Founding of the synagogue
Shlomo Carlebach, a rabbi and singer-songwriter founded a synagogue inspired by the counterculture of the 1960s. Carlebach called their congregants "holy hippielech" ("holy hippies"). Many of Carlebach's followers soon began practicing Judaism according to the Orthodox tradition.
Legacy
Carlebach's synagogue inspired the creation of a musical presented by the National Yiddish Theatre titled "The House of Love and Prayer". Carlebach's daughter, Neshama Carlebach was among the production's collaborators.
See also
Carlebach movement
Moshav (Band)
References
Synagogues in San Francisco
20th-century synagogues
Shlomo Carlebach
Albert Berbatovci (born 17 February 1989) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for Byåsen.
Born in SFR Yugoslavia, Berbatovci is of Kosovar Albanian heritage. They began their career in 2007 with Rosenborg, and has spent loan spells at Stavanger, Ranheim and Tiller. In 2012, they joined Nardo. In 2018 they went on to then-fourth-tier Byåsen.
References
1989 births
Living people
Kosovan emigrants to Norway
Norwegian footballers
Rosenborg BK players
Stavanger IF players
Ranheim Fotball players
Association football midfielders
Byåsen Toppfotball players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Norway youth international footballers
The Donaustadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Ulm, Germany. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of SSV Ulm 1846. The stadium is able to hold 19,500 people.
In 1999, a new stand was constructed, filling the last open gap of the former horseshoe shaped ground. This all-seated affair was the first non-smoking stand within a professional football ground in Germany.
References
Football venues in Germany
Athletics (track and field) venues in Germany
SSV Ulm 1846
Sports venues in Baden-Württemberg
Buildings and structures in Ulm
Sports venues completed in 1925
1925 establishments in Germany
UEFA Women's Championship final stadiums
2011 Regional League Division 2 Bangkok Metropolitan Region is the 3rd season of the League competition since its establishment in 2009. It is in the third tier of the Thai football league system.
Changes from Last Season
Team Changes
Promoted Clubs
Bangkok and Rangsit JW were promoted to the 2011 Thai Division 1 League after winning the 2009 Regional League Division 2 championship pool.
Relegated Clubs
Prachinburi were relegated from the 2010 Thai Division 1 League.
Withdrawn Clubs
North-Central have withdrawn from the 2011 campaign. were effectively relegated from the division due to failure to meet Regional League standards.
Renamed Clubs
Thai Summit Samut Prakan renamed Samut Prakan United.
Nakhon Sawan Rajabhat University renamed Paknampho NSRU.
Rose Asia United Thanyaburi renamed Thanyaburi RA United.
Expansion Clubs
Globlex, Maptaphut Rayong, Assumption College Thonburi, Royal Thai Fleet and Chamchuri United joined the newly expanded league setup.
Stadium and Locations
League table
Results
References
External links
Football Association of Thailand
Bang
Regional League Bangkok Area Division seasons
IHA may refer to:
Acronyms
Ice Hockey Australia, Ice Hockey Australia
Indonesia Handball Association, governing body of handball in Indonesia
Idiopathic hyperaldosteronism, an endocrinological disease
İhlas Haber Ajansı, the Turkish İhlas News Agency
Immaculate Heart Academy, Catholic high school in New Jersey
Imperial Household Agency, the Japanese government agency that oversees Royal affairs
Independence Hall Association
Indian Heart Association, non-profit dedicated to raising cardiovascular and stroke health awareness
Indirect Hemagglutination Test, A form of agglutination test that involves red blood cells
Ingeniørhøjskolen i Aarhus, the Engineering College of Aarhus, Denmark
Institute for Healthcare Advancement, a not-for-profit, private operating foundation providing health care and improving health literacy
Intel Hub Architecture, chipset and bus architecture for Intel Pentium 4, Intel, Pentium III-based systems
International Housewares Association, trade organization promoting sales and marketing of housewares, est. 1938
International Hydropower Association, a not-for-profit, international organization representing the hydropower sector, with a Central Office located in London, UK
Israel Handball Association, governing body of team handball in Israel
See also
Iha (disambiguation)
Raleigh Holden Brown (December 10, 1921 – May 23, 2009) was from 1963 to 1967 a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives who later became a state court judge.
Brown was born in Shreveport in northwestern Louisiana, and reared in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Brown graduated from law school at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. They lived most of their life, however, in Abilene, Texas.
Brown served two two-year terms in the Texas House, having been elected in both 1962 and 1964. In 1967, Governor John B. Connally, Jr., appointed them as judge of the 42nd Judicial District. They were elected to a four-year term in 1968. In 1972, they were elected justice to the Texas 11th Court of Appeals in Eastland, east of Abilene, where they remained until retirement in 1986. They then became presiding judge of the 7th Administrative District.
Brown was called into the United States Army while they were working on their undergraduate degree at Middle Tennessee State University in Murfreesboro. They served four years during World War II. In 1944, they came to Abilene when stationed at the former Camp Barkeley. As a reservist, and while working toward their law degree, Brown was subsequently called to serve for nineteen months in the Korean War. They met their wife, Margaret, while they were stationed at Camp Barkeley. The two were married for fifty-nine years until their death in 2007.
Brown was a former president of the Abilene Chamber of Commerce, the Abilene and the Texas State Exchange clubs, the West Texas Rehabilitation Center, and the Abilene Country Club. They were also involved in Goodfellows, Young Men's Christian Association, the City-County Child Welfare Board, Texas Mental Health-Mental Retardation Board, the Abilene Health Foundation, and the Development Corporation Board. They were a board member of the Bank of Commerce and held longtime affiliation with the Texas Bar Association.
Brown died of a heart attack at the age of eighty-seven. Memorial services were held at St. Paul United Methodist Church in Abilene, where Brown was an active member and the former chairperson of the administration board. Brown was survived by three daughters, Nancy B. Jennings and husband, Boo, Betsy B. Skorburg and spouse, Dick, and Julie B. Denny and husband, Mike; several grandchildren, and a sister, Bettye B. Smartt of Chattanooga, Tennessee.
References
1921 births
2009 deaths
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
Military personnel from Louisiana
Politicians from Shreveport, Louisiana
People from Abilene, Texas
Texas Democrats
Texas state court judges
Middle Tennessee State University alumni
Southern Methodist University alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
People from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
20th-century American judges
American United Methodists
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Methodists
(lit. 'The Gospel of the Eel. The Story of the World's Most Enigmatic Fish') is a 2019 book written by Swedish journalist and author Patrik Svensson. It won the 2019 August Prize for Non-Fiction.
The book, which is partly non-fiction because it tackles about the eel as a species and about the eel's cultural history, also has an autobiographical story about the author's relationship with their father.
References
Swedish non-fiction books
Swedish-language novels
Swedish non-fiction literature
August Prize-winning works
Albert Bonniers Förlag books
Pirhasanlar, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Akçaören can refer to:
Akçaören, Ilgaz
Akçaören, Kazan
Akçaören, Kemer
Akçaören, Yığılca
Değirmenönü is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Michael Molloy may refer to:
Mike Molloy (born 1940), British author and former newspaper editor and cartoonist
M. J. Molloy (1917–1994), Irish playwright
Mick Molloy (born 1966), Australian comedian, writer and producer
Michael Molloy (politician) (1850–1926), Member of Parliament for Carlow County, 1910–1918
See also
Michael Malloy (1873–1933), Irish vagrant murdered in New York City
Manius Aquillius (died 88 BC) was a Roman politician and general during the late Roman Republic. They were a member of the ancient Roman gens Aquillia, probably a son of Manius Aquillius, consul in 129 BC. Aquillius served as Consul of Rome with Gaius Marius in 101 BC. Before their consulship, during the Cimbrian War, they had served as a legate under Marius in Gaul. They played a pivotal role during the Battle of Aquae Sextiae where they surprised the Teutones by attacking them from behind. As consul they crushed a slave revolt in Sicily. At the start of the First Mithridatic War they were defeated and captured by Mithridates VI of Pontus who had them executed by pouring molten gold down their throat.
Working for Marius
Aquillius was a loyal follower of Gaius Marius. They served Marius as a legate (104-102 BC) during Marius's campaign against the Cimbri and Teutones in Gaul. In 103 BC, while Marius was in Rome for their election campaign (running for their fourth consulship), Aquillius was left in command of the army in case the migrating Cimbri and Teutones invaded before Marius could return to command the army himself.
Aquae Sextiae
Manius Aquillius fought with the Roman army of Gaius Marius defeating the Teutones and Ambrones at the Battle of Aquae Sextiae. As one of Marius's legates, Aquillius shared in the glory and prestige earned through their victory. They would capitalize on their military success when they ran for consul.
Consulship and Sicily
As a reward for their loyal services, Gaius Marius ran with Aquillius under a joint ticket for the consulship of 101 BC. In gratitude for their victory against the Teutones they were both elected with Aquillius as Junior Consul and Marius as Senior Consul. During their consulship, with Rome struggling with a famine caused by the slave revolt in Sicily, Aquillius was sent to Sicily to put down the revolt. Aquillius completely subdued the insurgents and was rewarded an ovation in Rome in 100 BC. In 98 BC, Aquillius was accused by Lucius Fufius of maladministration in Sicily. In the subsequent trial, they were defended by Marcus Antonius the orator, the consul of 99. Gaius Marius also showed their support. Even if there was sufficient evidence of their guilt, they were acquitted because of their bravery in the war.
Mithridates and death
In 90 BC, Aquillius was sent as ambassador to Asia Minor to restore Nicomedes IV of Bithynia, who had recently been expelled from their kingdom by Mithridates VI of Pontus. However, after achieving this, Aquillius then encouraged Nicomedes to raid Pontic territory. This prompted a furious backlash from Mithridates in 89 BC, whose counter-attack began the First Mithridatic War.
Aquillius marched with one "legion" of auxiliaries (4,000-6,000 men), the only troops available in the Asia province, against Mithridates from the west while Quintus Oppius, the governor of Cilicia, invaded with two legions from the south. Aquillius soon found out they were seriously outnumbered; at Lake Tatta they saw 100,000 Pontic infantry waiting for him. Mithridates' forces eventually tracked and defeated Aquillius near Protostachium. Aquillius fled and attempted to make their way back to Italy. They managed to make it to Lesbos, where they were delivered to Mithridates by the inhabitants of Mytilene. After being taken to the mainland, they were then placed on a donkey and paraded back to Pergamon. During the trip, they were forced to confess their supposed crimes against the peoples of Anatolia. Aquillius's father, the elder Manius Aquillius, was a former Roman governor of Pergamon and was hated for the egregious taxes that they imposed. It was generally thought that Manius Aquillius the younger would follow in the footsteps of their father as a tax profiteer and was hated by some of the local peoples.
Aquillius was eventually executed by Mithridates by having molten gold poured down their throat. The method of execution became famous and, according to some unreliable accounts, was repeated by Parthian contemporaries to kill Marcus Licinius Crassus who was at the time the richest man in Rome and a member of the First Triumvirate.
Notes
References
Life of Marius by Plutarch
Smith, William (editor); Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, "Aquillius (2)", Boston, (1867)
Mayor, Adrienne (2010). The Poison King The Life and Legend of Mithradates, p. 166-171. Princeton University Press, New Jersey. .
2nd-century BC births
88 BC deaths
2nd-century BC Roman consuls
1st-century BC executions
1st-century BC Romans
Ancient Roman generals
Manius 653
Executed ancient Roman people
People executed by torture
Year of birth uncertain
Gordon Watson (born 2 March 1954) is a British antique dealer and television presenter, and "one of the world's leading authorities on 20th and 21st century design".
Watson was the only dealer to appear in all of the first four series of Channel 4's Four Rooms TV show.
Since May 2016, they have their own series on BBC2, The Extraordinary Collector.
Watson lives and works in Chelsea, London.
References
External links
1954 births
British television presenters
Living people
People from Chelsea, London
Gideon Oluwaseun Olanrewaju (born 10 July 1993) is a Nigerian social entrepreneur and educational development practitioner who created Aid for Rural Education Access Initiative (AREAi), non-profit organisation that creates multiple quality informal and alternative learning systems in rural communities and has facilitated access to education for over 6,000 disadvantaged children in Nigeria.
Education
Olanrewaju obtained a Bachelor's Degree in Biochemistry from Ladoke Akintola University of Nigeria in Ogbomoso in 2015. They also hold a Masters of Arts (MA) degree in International Education and Development from the Center of International Education (CIE), University of Sussex, United Kingdom and Certificate in Entrepreneurial Leadership and Non-profit Management from African Leadership Academy, South Africa and Lagos Business School respectively.
Career and activism
Olanrewaju's mission is to see a world where every child, regardless of socio-economic status or geographical location have access to quality educational opportunities in Nigeria.
In November 2014, Olanrewaju founded Aid to Rural Education Initiative (AREAi) which aim to improve learning outcomes for poor and vulnerable children from low income families and in poor communities by empowering children in these communities, as a youth activist their online and offline advocacy efforts are centered around key themes of educational development such as education finance, safe youths and youth involvement in local and global education policy-making.
They have participated and represented Nigeria at high-level meetings such as the World Education Forum in Incheon, 66th UN/DPI NGO Conference in Gyeongju, 16th UNESCO Asia Conference on Quality Education in Bangkok, 14th United Nations Conference on Trade and Development in Nairobi, 7th UNESCO NGO Forum in Riyadh, Under-30 Young Change-makers Summit in New York, and spoke at the 1st World Youth Forum Sharm El Sheikh in Egypt and the 8th UNESCO NGO Forum in Paris.
Digilearns
In July 2020 and as a response to mass school closures due to the Covid-19 pandemic, Gideon pioneered Digilearns, an emergency edtech learning intervention that delivers government-approved and contextually-relevant learning content in the form of textbook and revision materials quizzes and mini-lessons, via SMS and USSD, to basic-feature mobile phones that do not require internet connectivity. The solution attracted substantial funding to enable learning for disadvantaged children in remote communities across Nigeria, winning one of the forty three COVID-19 emergency grants provided by the Queen's Commonwealth Trust. It was awarded a One Young World Covid-19 Young Leaders Fund, supported by Bill and Melinda Gate Foundation and United Way. The low-cost technology solution is currently being used by refugees, indigent students and vulnerable children across numerous orphanages and communities across Nigeria.
Honours and invitations
In September 2018, Gideon was appointed by Prime Minister Gordon Brown's Theirworld as one of the two youth representatives to the 73rd session of the United Nations General Assembly in New York. In October 2019, as a Deloitte sponsored delegate to the One Young World Summit in London, Gideon was invited to the Windsor Castle as part of a group of ten young leaders from across the world for a roundtable discussion with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Prince Harry and Megan Markle of the British Royal Family.
Awards and recognition
2017, Recipient of the United Kingdom Chevening Scholarship Award
2018, Nominee, Future Award Africa Award Prize for Education
2019, Nominee, SMS 100 25 under 25 Awards, Education Category
2019, Awardee, Crans Montana New Leaders of Tomorrow
2019, Recipient of 100 most Influential Young Nigerians Award
2019, Recipient of Zenith Bank Heroes of our Time Award
2020, Awardee, Royal African Youth Leadership Awards
Selected articles
The food entrepreneur, with eye on healthy nutrition, 2019.
Leading the way: Utilizing a UK education to better the world, 2020.
The power of youth in ensuring quality education for all, 2018.
References
External links
The Prince of Education – Gideon Olanrewaju
Advancing quality education in Nigeria: a consultation hosted by Aid for Rural Education Access Initiative
1993 births
Living people
People from Osun State
Nigerian businesspeople
Nigerian activists
Alumni of the University of Sussex
Ladoke Akintola University of Technology alumni
The 2020–21 season was the seventh season in Kerala Blasters FC's existence, as well as their seventh season in Indian Super League. Due to COVID-19 pandemic, all the matches in the seventh season of ISL were played behind closed doors in three venues at Goa. GMC Athletic Stadium was chosen as the home venue for the Blasters.
Season overview
Background
On 15 March 2020, Kerala Blasters appointed Karolis Skinkys as their new Sporting director ahead of the new season. On 22 April, the club officially announced the signing of Kibu Vicuña as their new manager. The most surprising move was the departure of Sandesh Jhingan: they departed the club on 21 May in a mutual consent thus ending their six years association with the club. The CEO, Viren D'Silva, also left the club on the same day.
July
On 1 July 2020, Kerala Blasters officially announced that they had extended the contract of Jessel Carneiro until 2023
On 8 July, the club announced the signing of goalkeeper Albino Gomes on a free transfer from Odisha FC.
On 15 July, it was announced that the young midfielder Ritwik Das has joined the club from Real Kashmir.
The signing of Nishu Kumar was finally confirmed by the club on 22 July. The four-year deal made Nishu the highest paid Indian defender.
On 29 July, the club announced the contract extension of Abdul Hakku until 2023.
August
On 5 August, Kerala Blasters completed the signing of left back Denechandra Meitei from TRAU F.C.
On 12 August, it was announced that Sahal has extended their contract for three more years with the Blasters which made them to stay at the club until 2025.
On 19 August, the club announced the signing of Indian Under 19 midfielder Givson Singh from Indian Arrows.
On 22 August, Blasters announced the signing of Sandeep Singh from TRAU F.C.
On 26 August, the club completed the signing of Rohit Kumar from Hyderabad FC.
On 28 August, the departure of captain Bartholomew Ogbeche was officially announced by the club.
September
On 2 September, Kerala Blasters announced the signing of Facundo Pereyra as their first foreign signing of the season. They became the first Argentine to sign for the club.
On 9 September, the club announced the signing of India National Under 20 goalkeeper Prabhsukhan Singh Gill on a two-year deal.
On 12 September, Kerala Blasters announced the contract extension of local boy Prasanth Karuthadathkuni until 2021.
On 16 September, the club announced the signing of young midfielder Puitea from NorthEast United FC on a three-year deal.
On 19 September, Blasters extended the contract of Seityasen Singh until 2022.
On 23 September, Blasters announced the signing of Spanish Midfielder Vicente Gómez Umpiérrez on a three-year deal.
On 30 September, Blasters announced the contract extension of Rahul KP until 2025.
October
On 5 October, the Blasters announced the signing of Gary Hooper on a one-year deal.
On 8 October, the Blasters started their pre-season training camp under the assistant coach Ishfaq Ahmed.
On 9 October, the Blasters announced the signing of Costa Nhamoinesu. After this deal, Nhamoinesu became the first Zimbabwean to play for the club.
On 21 October, the Blasters announced the signing of Burkina Faso international defender Bakary Koné as their sixth foreign signing of the season.
On 24 October, the Blasters announced the signing of Australian forward Jordan Murray as their AFC affiliated player and final foreign signing of the season.
November
On 7 November, the Blasters announced its association with BYJU'S, the world's largest Ed-Tech company, as their new title sponsor with an option to extend the sponsorship.
On 18 November, the Blasters announced Costa Nhamoinesu, Sergio Cidoncha, and Jessel Carneiro as the captains ahead of the new season with Nhamoinesu being the first choice captain.
On 20 November, the Blasters lost 1–0 to ATK Mohun Bagan in the 2020-21 ISL season opener.
On 26 November, the Blasters drew 2–2 against NorthEast United FC.
On 29 November, the Blasters had a goalless draw against Chennaiyin FC in the South Indian Derby.
December
On 6 December, the Blasters lost 3–1 against FC Goa.
On 8 December, the Blasters confirmed that the club captain Sergio Cidoncha, who tore their right ankle ligament during the match against Chennaiyin has left for Spain to recover from the injury and will miss the remainder of the season.
On 12 December, the Blasters extended the contract of Jeakson Singh until 2023.
On 13 December, the Blasters lost 4–2 against Bengaluru in the South Indian Derby.
On 20 December, the Blasters drew 1–1 against SC East Bengal.
On 27 December, the Blasters won 2–0 against Hyderabad FC, registering their first victory of the season.
On 28 December, the Blasters announced the signing of Juande as an injury replacement of Cido for the remainder of the season.
On 29 December, the Blasters announced that they have signed Subha Ghosh from ATK Mohun Bagan on a three-year contract; a swap deal with Nongdamba Naorem for whom the Blasters received an undisclosed transfer fee.
January
On 2 January 2021, the Blasters lost 2–0 against Mumbai City FC.
On 7 January, the Blasters lost 4–2 against Odisha FC.
On 9 January, the Blasters extended the contract of Prasanth K until 2023.
On 10 January, the Blasters won 3–2 against Jamshedpur FC. After this game, Sahal Abdul Samad became the player with second most appearances for the Blasters.
On 15 January, the Blasters drew 1–1 against SC East Bengal. The game saw Albino Gomes becoming the first Indian goalkeeper and only second goalkeeper overall to provide an assist in Indian Super League.
On 20 January, the Blasters defeated Bengaluru FC 2–1 in the Southern Derby.
On 23 January, the Blasters drew 1–1 against FC Goa.
On 27 January, the Blasters had a goalless draw against Jamshedpur FC.
On 29 January, the Blasters confirmed that Facundo Pereyra has suffered a broken nose before the match against Jamshedpur FC.
On 31 January, the Blasters lost 3–2 against ATK Mohun Bagan FC.
February
On 4 February, the Blasters lost 1–2 against Mumbai City FC.
On 11 February, the Blasters drew 2–2 against Odisha FC.
On 16 February, the Blasters lost 4–0 to Hyderabad FC.
On 17 February, the club parted ways with their head coach Kibu Vicuna on mutual consent. Ishfaq Ahmed was appointed as the interim head coach for the remainder of season.
On 20 February, the club extended the contract of defender Sandeep Singh until 2022.
On 21 February, the Blasters drew 1–1 against Chennaiyin FC in the Southern Derby.
On 26 February, the Blasters lost 2–0 against NorthEast United FC in their final match of the league.
Players
Note: The list contains all the players who were registered by the club for the 2020-21 season
Other players under contract
Note: Player was deregistered from Indian Super League squad due to an injury.
Contract Extensions
Transfers
Transfers In
Promotion from reserves and youth
Loan Returns
Loan Outs
Transfers Out
Management
Pre-season and friendlies
Owing the COVID-19 pandemic, all the clubs including Kerala Blasters FC couldn't have a proper preseason. The preseason time was cut short this season. The Blasters began their preseason against one of their fellow Indian Super League opponent, Hyderabad FC on 25 October 2020. Both squads had fielded Indian players only as the foreign players were on quarantine. In the end, the Blasters beat Hyderabad 2–0 with Rahul K.P. netting both the goals.
Competitions
Indian Super League
League table
League Results by round
Matches
Statistics
All stats are as of 26 February 2021
Squad appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=10 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=10 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=11 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=10 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|}
Squad statistics
Players Used: 26
Goalscorers
Assists
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
Footnotes
See also
2020-21 Indian Super League season
Indian Super League
Kerala Blasters FC
List of Kerala Blasters FC seasons
References
Kerala Blasters FC seasons
Kerala Blasters FC
Melicope micrococca, commonly known as hairy-leaved doughwood or white euodia, is a species of shrub or slender tree in the family Rutaceae and is endemic to eastern Australia. It has trifoliate leaves and white flowers borne in panicles in leaf axils.
Description
Melicope micrococca is a shrub or tree that typically grows to a height of with a dbh of . It has a relatively smooth, pale brown trunk with some corky irregularities, and flanged at the base of larger specimens. The leaves are arranged in opposite pairs and trifoliate on a petiole long. The leaflets are egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and wide, the side leaflets sessile but the end leaflet on a petiolule long. The leaflets have visible oil dots and the underside is a paler shade of green. The flowers are borne in panicles long, mostly in leaf axils. The flowers are bisexual, the sepals long and joined at the base, the petals white and long, and there are four stamens. Flowering occurs from November to February and the fruit consists of up to four follicles long and joined at the base.
Taxonomy
Hairy-leaved doughwood was first described in 1859 by Ferdinand von Mueller who gave it the name Euodia micrococca and published the description in their book, Fragmenta phytographiae Australiae from a specimen collected near Cabramatta by William Woolls. In 1990, Thomas Gordon Hartley changed the name to Melicope micrococca in the journal Telopea.
Distribution and habitat
Melicope micrococca usually grows in rainforest and is found from near sea level to an altitude of . Its natural range is from the Seven Mile Beach, New South Wales (34° S) to Maryborough, Queensland (25° S).
Ecology
The fruit is eaten by a variety of birds, including the brown cuckoo dove, crimson rosella, green catbird and Lewin's honeyeater. Melicope micrococca is a target species for many insects, including butterflies in the family Papilionidae.
References
micrococca
Trees of Australia
Sapindales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1859
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Timoxenos () was a general in Ancient Greece, who served for three or four terms as strategos of the Achaean League between 226 and 215 BC. They were considered a supporter of Aratus of Sicyon.
References
Ancient Greek generals
3rd-century BC Greek people
Achaean League
The 2010–11 Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs men's ice hockey team represented the University of Minnesota Duluth in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season. The Bulldogs were coached by Scott Sandelin, who was in their 11th year as head coach. Their assistant coaches were Brett Larson and Derek Plante. The team captain was Mike Montgomery and the assistant captains were Jack Connolly and Mike Connolly. The team played their home games in AMSOIL Arena and were members of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association.
The Bulldogs finished the regular season with a record of 26 wins, 10 losses, and 6 ties. Seeded fourth in the WCHA Tournament, UMD defeated St. Cloud State in the first round, before being upset by tenth-seed Bemidji State in the quarterfinal. UMD received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament, where they were the third seed in the East Regional. The Bulldogs upset regional No. 2 seed Union and No. 1 seed Yale on the way to the Frozen Four in St. Paul, Minnesota. In the national semifinal, UMD defeated Notre Dame, 4–3, on the back of 3 power-play goals and 31 saves from goaltender Kenny Reiter. With a Kyle Schmidt goal at 3:22 in overtime, the Bulldogs defeated Michigan to win the school's first national championship. Forward J. T. Brown was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player, while defenseman Justin Faulk and forward Kyle Schmidt were also named to the All-Tournament Team.
Roster
Source:
|}
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| WCHA Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| NCAA Tournament
Standings
Statistics
Skaters
Goalies
References
Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs men's ice hockey seasons
Minnesota-Duluth Bulldogs
NCAA men's ice hockey Frozen Four seasons
NCAA men's ice hockey championship seasons
Derek Farren (born June 2, 1970) is an Irish-American former professional tennis player.
Born to Irish parents in Chicago, Farren turned professional in 1991, after one year of collegiate tennis at Long Beach State. They had the best singles ranking of 399 while competing on the professional tour and was a quarter-finalist at the 1991 Christchurch Challenger. Through their parents they qualified to play Davis Cup for Ireland and featured in two ties, against Greece in 1992 and Ghana in 1993. Their nephew, Connor Farren, is a professional tennis player.
See also
List of Ireland Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Irish male tennis players
American people of Irish descent
Long Beach State Beach men's tennis players
Tivala (born 3rd-century BC), also referred to as Tivara, was a son of Maurya Emperor Ashoka from their second queen, Karuvaki.  They are the only son of Ashoka who is mentioned by name in their inscriptions, along with their mother, in the Queen Edict.
Tivala is the only son of Ashoka whose existence is attested by historical evidence and who was a possible successor to their father. However, it seems that Tivala may have predeceased Ashoka and thus could not succeed them as Emperor. Tivala is also considered to have been a favourite child of their aging father.
References
Mauryan dynasty
3rd-century BC people
The Brown River () is a tributary of the Depot River, flowing in:
Quebec (Canada): municipality of Saint-Adalbert, in L'Islet Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches;
Maine (United States): Township T13 R16 Wels, in the Aroostook County, in North Maine Woods.
Its course runs entirely in forest region in a plain in the Quebec, in a valley enclosed in the Maine South of the Canada-US border.
The upper hydrographic watershed of Brown River is accessible in Quebec by the road of 5th range West, route 204 West, Bélanger road and 8th range West. The segment of river flowing in the Maine is accessible by forest road along the Depot River.
Geography
The source of the river Brown begins with a mountain stream in Saint-Adalbert, Quebec. This source is located at:
at Northwest of the border between Quebec and Maine;
at Northwest from the village center of Saint-Adalbert, Quebec;
at Southwest of the confluence of the "River Brown".
From its source, "Brown River" flows over as follows:
River Brown Headwaters (segment of flowing in Quebec)
to the South in Saint-Adalbert, Quebec, forming a curve to the west, until the route 204;
Eastward passing at the North of the "Bellevue Mountain" up to the road of the Mountain;
to the Southeast, up to the road of 8th range West;
to the Southeast, up to the Canada-US border.
Lower river courses Brown (segment de flowing in the Maine)
to the southeast in a small valley basin, then in a plain to the confluence of the river.
This confluence is located:
to the southeast of the Canada-US border;
to the Southwest of the confluence of the Big Black River (Saint John River).
"The River Brown" pours on the west bank of the Depot River which flows North, South East and North again, up to the Big Black River (Saint John River) (), in Aroostook County. The latter flows Northeast zigzagging up to a river bend of Saint John River where it pours on the West bank. It flows to the East, then Southeast through all the New Brunswick and pours on the North bank of the Bay of Fundy which opens to the Southwest on the Atlantic Ocean.
Toponymy
The place name "rivière Brown" () was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec (Quebec Places Names Board).
See also
Saint-Adalbert, Quebec, a municipality of Quebec
L'Islet Regional County Municipality, an RCM in Quebec
Aroostook County, a county in Maine
Depot River, one of the rivers in Maine
Big Black River (Saint John River), a stream
Saint John River (Bay of Fundy), a stream
North Maine Woods, a geographical region of Maine
List of rivers of Quebec
List of rivers of Maine
References
Bibliography
External links
Maine Streamflow USGS data
Maine Watershed data from the Environmental Protection Agency
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Tributaries of the Saint John River (Bay of Fundy)
Rivers of Aroostook County, Maine
North Maine Woods
International rivers of North America
"Holly Rock" is a song written and produced by Prince and performed by Sheila E. who also received writing and production credits. The song appeared on the soundtrack of the 1985 film Krush Groove, with Sheila E. performing the song in the film. It is a high-energy rap number with Sheila E. rapping throughout most of the song. The song did not chart, but it became a fan favorite. The 7" single release was backed by "Toy Box", a track from Romance 1600.
Music video
A live performance of the song was used as the music video.
Background
"Holly Rock" is the sixth track (and only Prince-related track) on the movie [[Krush_Groove#Soundtrack|Krush Groove' soundtrack]]. It was released as the album's fifth single nine months after the album's release.
Basic tracking took place on April 24, 1985, at Sunset Sound in Hollywood, California (the day after "Evolsidog" and four days before "All My Dreams" and "Kiss").
In 2019 the original Prince version of the song was released on the posthumous Prince album Originals.
Formats and track listings
U.S. 7"
"Holly Rock" (edit) – 3:58
"Toy Box – 5:32
U.S. 12" promo
"Holly Rock" (extended version) – 6:35
"Holly Rock" (7" single edit) – 3:58Originals'' release
"Holly Rock" – 6:38
"Holly Rock" (Music Video Edit) – 3:56
"Holly Rock" (Edit) – 3:47
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1986 singles
Sheila E. songs
Songs written by Sheila E.
1986 songs
Elizabeth Searle is an American novelist, short story writer, playwright and screenwriter.  They are co-writer of "I'll Show You Mine," a feature film in post-production from Duplass Brothers Productions and forthcoming in 2022.
Them theater works have received major media attention and have been performed around the country.
Them novel "A Four-Sided Bed" is currently being developed as a feature film. A short film based on the novel, 'Four-Sided,' screened at 2019 festivals in Cannes, Boston, Chicago and more. Searle is co-writer with David Shields and Tiffany Louquet of 'I'll Show You Mine,' a forthcoming feature film directed by Megan Griffiths.
Elizabeth's most recent novel is 'We Got Him' (New Rivers Press) which was released in AudioBook in 2018.  They are the creator and playwright for 'Tonya & Nancy: the Rock Opera' (music by Michael Teoli) which most recently was produced in February 2020 in an award-winning TheatreZone production starring Broadway great Andrea McArdle (the original ANNIE).
A Tonya & Nancy concert at 54Below, featuring Broadway performers, was recorded as a CD from Broadway Records and produced as a concert film, available in 2021. The show has had full productions in NYC (at NYMF), in Chicago, LA, Portland Oregon, suburban Dallas and Boston at the ART's Club Oberon Theater. Searle's novel 'Girl Held in Home' was selected for New Rivers Press American Fiction Series. 'A Four Sided Bed' was nominated for an ALA award and various Editor's Choice awards. Them short story collection My Body to You won the Iowa Short Fiction Prize (James Salter, judge) and Celebrities in Disgracewas a finalist for the Paterson Fiction Prize. 'Celebrities in Disgrace' was produced as a short film that screened at various festivals. Searle's one act play, 'Stolen Girl Song' was produced at the Act One One Act Play festival 'off Off Broadway' in 2019. Searle wrote the libretto for Tonya and Nancy:The Opera," produced in 2006, 2010, 2014 and in Minneapolis in 2018.
Them and Michael Teoli's full length musical, "Tonya and Nancy: The Rock Opera" was produced in NYC as a sold-out Full Production show at the New York Musical Festival (NYMF). Producer Paul Boghosian/Harborside Films has produced the show multiple times. The 2020 production won four Broadway World Regional Theater awards. Searle's theater works and their upcoming Feature Film have drawn national media attention.
Early life
Searle was born in Penn Wynne, Pennsylvania. Them father Bill was a Democratic Party activist and retired personnel director; Barbara, their mother, was a children's librarian. They have a younger sister, Kate, who works at MIT and Bill, their older brother, is a videographer. Them family moved during their childhood from PA to SC to KY to AZ.
Education
Searle received a B.A. from Oberlin College and their Master's degree from Brown University. They were a special education teacher and taught students with autism in schools located in New Haven, Connecticut and Providence, Rhode Island.
Career
In 1982, Searle's short story, "Missing LaDonna", appeared in Redbook. This was followed by stories placed in the South Carolina Review, the Indiana Review, The Greensboro Review, the Kenyon Review, Ploughshares and other journals. In 1993 their first book, My Body To You, was published. In 1992, it had been named winner of the Iowa Short Fiction Award by the Iowa Writers Workshop. James Salter, a novelist and screenwriter, who wrote The Hunters, Downhill Racer, The Appointment and others, acted as judge.
A Four Sided Bed, Searle's first novel, was published by Graywolf Press in 1998 and received positive reviews from Kirkus Reviews and Booklist. Them novel A Four-Sided Bed was nominated for an ALA book award and was sited as an Editor's Choice by Booklist, Amazon and more. The book is now being developed as a Feature Film.
"We Got Him" was a Finalist for the Midwest Book Award and was published by New Rivers Press in 2016 and was released in AudioBook in 2018 by BlunderWoman Productions. "Girl Held in Home" was also published by New Rivers Press, selected for the American Fiction Series.
A novella and collection of short stories entitled Celebrities in Disgrace was published in 2001. It was a finalist for the Paterson Fiction Prize. When discussing one of the themes of this collection during an interview with Post Road Magazine, Searle said, "I had a phrase in my mind, 'the witch of ambition,' and I do think there is this sort of dark force inside of people and any of those dark forces are hard to write about but they're the ones you want to write about...." Ambition and the search for attention seem to be the "...driving forces of our time."
"Celebrities in Disgrace," the title novella, was called a 'miniature masterpiece' by New York Times Book Review. Celebrities in Disgrace was produced as a short film in 2010 by Bravo Sierra Pictures, with a script co-written by Elizabeth Searle. The film premiered as an official selection at Woods Hole International Film Festival on Cape Cod and has screened at other festivals throughout the country. Searle's novel A Four-Sided Bed was also the basis of an award-winning short film that screened widely at festivals, Four-Sided (2019)
Tonya and Nancy: The Rock Opera was most recently produced in 2020 by TheatreZone in a production starring Broadway's Andrea McArdle (ANNIE) and reviewed as a 'joyous theater package.' The show was produced as a concert event at Lucille Lortel Theater in NYC in 2019 and was recorded in concert at 54Below in Feb 2018. The 54Below concert CD was reviewed as 'stunningly awesome.' The concert is available on film (2021). The rock opera premiered in 2008 in Portland, OR, produced by Triangle Productions. It featured libretto by Searle and music by Michael Teoli. The show was based on Searle and Abigail Al Doory Cross's Tonya & Nancy: the Opera, libretto and concept by Elizabeth Searle; adapted for the Portland production by Don Horn and Searle. The rock opera reviewed as "brilliant and touching" in Portland Mercury and received widespread media attention described in The Oregonian. Tonya & Nancy: the Rock Opera premiered in a new version with a new Book by Searle in January 2011, produced by Harborside Films and performed at the American Repertory Theater's Oberon Theater. Boston reviews included these comments: "Black Swan on Ice" (The Boston Herald); "Absurdly funny; surprisingly poignant moments amidst the comedy and a rousing soundtrack" (The Boston Phoenix); ; "An explosive cabaret of over-the-top rock tunes sung with operatic glass-shattering intensity…practically Shakespeare on ice"; (The Noise); "Brilliant; amazing music; one of the most exciting spectacles I have ever seen' (Steve Almond; WGBH Boston).
The show premiered in Hollywood at the King King Club on February 4, 2014, as a benefit for the LA theater Celebration. The show was performing as an official Full Production show at New York Musical Theater Festival (NYMF) in July 2015. It was fully produced by Underscore Theater in Chicago for a 6 week run in Fall, 2016. It was named one of the Top Five Musicals of the Year by New City Stages and was a Jeff Award 'recommended' show, nominated for two 2016/2017 Jeff Awards and winning Best Supporting Actress (Veronica Garza) for the Chicago production, directed by Jon Martinez. A production in suburban Dallas Texas was produced in summer of 2018 at OhLook Performing Arts Center, where it ran along with Hedwig and Rocky Horror Picture Show. The award-winning 2020 production at TheatreZone featured Broadway icon Andrea McArdle.
Searle also writes nonfiction. Them essays have appeared in over a dozen anthologies. They have co-edited an anthology on Soap Operas from McFarland Books (2017) and co-edited an anthology with McFarland in 2018 on Teen Idols called IDOL TALK. Them essay "Knitted Goods: Notes from a Nervous Non-Knitter" appeared in the anthology Knitting Yarns: Writers on Knitting, published by W. W. Norton & Company in 2013.
Searle has recently focused on screenwriting. Searle co-wrote with Tiffany Louquet and David Shields the feature film 'I'll Show You Mine' which is directed by Megan Giffiths and stars Poorna Jagannathan (Never Have I Ever) and Casey Thomas Brown (The Kominsky Method) and is a Duplass Brothers Production in post-production in 2021. Searle's novel A Four-Sided Bed is being developed as a feature film by Creatrix Films and by producer David Ball. Them script for A Four-Sided Bed has won recognition at over 20 festivals and award competitions in 2019-2020 including Best Feature Screenplay at the Massachusetts Independent Film Festival. It was produced as a staged reading at Zephyr Theater in LA in 2016, starring Evan Ross (The Hunger Games) and Gia Mantegna (Under the Dome). It was also performed as a Staged Reading in 2019 at ReelHeArt International Film Festival in Toronto. Searle is completing a book of short stories and has film and theater scripts in the works.
Searle has taught creative writing at Brown University, Emerson College, the University of Southern Maine's Program in Creative Writing, the University of Massachusetts Boston and other institutions. They have taught at Stonecoast MFA since the program began in 2002. Searle was a longtime member, Board officer and committee chairperson of the New England chapter of International PEN. In 2020, they were one of six writers who formed the group Writers Against Racial Injustice which raised over $60,000 for the Equal Justice Initiative. The group was featured in the Boston Globe and Publishers Weekly.  They are a member of Women in Film and Video. In 1984, Searle married software engineer John Hodgkinson; they have a son, Will and reside in Arlington, Massachusetts.
Bibliography
Novels
"We Got Him" (2016)
A Four-Sided Bed (1998)
"Girl Held in Home" (2011)
Story collections
My Body To You (1993)
Celebrities in Disgrace (2001)
As contributor or editor
Idol Talk: Women Writers on the Teenage Infatuations that Changed Their Lives; co-editor with Tamra Wilson of anthology and contributor of essay; published by McFarland Books, 2018
Soap Opera Confidential: Women Writers on Why We Tune in Tomorrow as the World Turns Restlessly by the Guiding Light of our Lives; co-editor with Suzanne Strempek Shea; published by McFarland Books, 2017
"Act Tresses: Hair as Performance Art"; Me, My Hair and I; anthology edited by Elizabeth Benedict; published by Algonquin Books, 2016
"Knitted Goods: Notes from a Nervous Non-Knitter"; Knitting Yarns: Writers on Knitting. W. W. Norton & Company (2013)
"Men Undressed: Women Writers and the Male Sexual Experience"; Dzanc Books, 2011
"No Near Exit: Best of Post Road Magazine"; Dzanc Books, 2011
Don't You Forget About Me: Contemporary Writers on the Films of John Hughes (2007)
The Darfur Anthology (2007)
Now Write!:Fiction Writing Exercises from Today's Best Writers and Teachers (2006)
Out of the Blue Writers Unite (2004)
The Iowa Award: The Best Stories, 1991-2000 (2001)
American Fiction, Volume Seven: The Best Unpublished Short Stories by Emerging Writers (1995)
Breaking Up Is Hard to Do: Stories by Women (1994)
The Time of Our Lives: Women Write on Sex After 40 (1993)
External links
Websites
elizabethsearle.net,
tonyaandnancytherockopera,
afoursidedbedfilm.com
Work
VARIETY article on "I'll Show You Mine,' a feature film forthcoming in 2021: https://variety.com/2021/film/news/poorna-jagannathan-casey-thomas-brown-ill-show-you-mine-1234981327/
"Why We're Here", Ploughshares (1996–1997)
"White Eggplant", Ploughshares (1991)
Interviews
Boston Globe (2008)
Post Road (2003)
Reviews
Review of Celebrities in Disgrace, New York Times Book Review (2001)
Review of "Tonya & Nancy: the Rock Opera"; Naples Daily News, (2020) https://www.naplesnews.com/story/life/neapolitan/2020/02/07/tonya-and-nancy-play-theatrezone-revisits-1990-s-figure-skating-scandal-naples-theater/4677973002/
Review of A Four-Sided Bed, Standards Magazine, University of Colorado (1998)
Review A Four-Sided Bed, Ploughshares (1998)
Review of My Body To You, Ploughshares (1993)
Miscellaneous
Audio File, Elizabeth Searle reading from Celebrities in Disgrace
Elizabeth Searle web site
Notes
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
American women short story writers
Novelists from Pennsylvania
Novelists from Maine
Novelists from Massachusetts
1962 births
Living people
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
American women dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
People from Lower Merion Township, Pennsylvania
Oberlin College alumni
Brown University alumni
Brown University faculty
Emerson College faculty
University of Southern Maine faculty
University of Massachusetts Boston faculty
People from Arlington, Massachusetts
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
American women academics
Stemonaria is a genus of slime molds in the family Amaurochaetaceae. , there are 14 species in the genus.
Species
Stemonaria argentella
Stemonaria clausifila
Stemonaria fuscoides
Stemonaria gracilis
Stemonaria irregularis
Stemonaria laxa
Stemonaria laxiretis
Stemonaria longa
Stemonaria minuta
Stemonaria nannengae
Stemonaria pallidofila
Stemonaria pilosa
Stemonaria reticulospora
Stemonaria rufipes
References
Myxogastria
Amoebozoa genera
Herbst is the German word for autumn or fall.
Herbst may also refer to:
Surnames
Christoph Maria Herbst (born 1966), German actor and comedian
Eduard Herbst (1820–1892), Austrian jurist and statesman
János Herbst (1956–2015), Hungarian politician
Jess Herbst (born 1958), American politician
Johan Herbst (born 1987), South African rugby union player
Johann Andreas Herbst (1588–1666), German composer
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herbst (1743–1807), German biologist
John Herbst (disambiguation), multiple people
Josephine Herbst (1892–1969), American novelist
Manasse Herbst (1913–1997), Austrian-German actor and singer
Rebecca Herbst (born 1977), American actor
Reinfried Herbst (born 1978), Austrian skier
Riley Herbst (born 1999), American NASCAR driver
Sabine Herbst (born 1974), German swimmer
Sharon Tyler Herbst and their husband Ron Herbst (1942–2007), American food and wine authors
Thomas Herbst (footballer) (born 1962), German footballer and football manager
Thomas Herbst (painter) (1848-1915), German Impressionist painter
Torsten Herbst (born 1973), German politician
Other uses
Herbst Gaming, gas station and casino operator using the name of "Terrible Herbst"
Herbst Theatre, an auditorium in the War Memorial and Performing Arts Center in the Civic Center, San Francisco, USA
Herbst maneuver, an aerobatic maneuver named after Wolfgang Herbst
Herbst, Indiana, a small town in the United States
Corpuscles of Herbst, avian mechanoreceptors
German-language surnames
Surnames of German origin
Surnames from nicknames
Simta () is a rural municipality located in Surkhet District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Surkhet District
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Siat is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Siat, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu and Rueun merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.
History
Siat is first mentioned about 840 as Septe. Until 1943 Siat was known as Seth.
Geography
Before the merger, Siat had a total area of . Of this area, 51.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 33.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.9% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (13.4%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Rueun sub-district of the Surselva district. It is located on the heights above the north side of the Vorderrhein valley and does actually not reach the plain in the valley nor the river. It consists of the haufendorf village (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) of Siat and the alpine herding camp of Alp da Siat on the upper end of the Val da Siat. The Senda Sursilvana multiday hiking trail passes the village as it follows the northern flank of the Vorderrhein through Falera, Ladir and Siat, continuing towards Panix.
Coat of arms
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is Azure a Cup Or and in Chief a Mullet of Seven of the same. The cup represents St. Florinus, the patron saint of the village church. The seven pointed star represents the Romansh name of the village, which means "seven".
Demographics
Siat had a population (as of 2011) of 171. , 2.8% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -12.3%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh (82.5%), with German being second most common (16.4%) and French being third ( 0.5%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.0% male and 50.0% female. The age distribution, , in Siat is; 25 children or 13.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 25 teenagers or 13.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 8 people or 4.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 35 people or 18.5% are between 30 and 39, 20 people or 10.6% are between 40 and 49, and 15 people or 7.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 28 people or 14.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 21 people or 11.1% are between 70 and 79, there are 11 people or 5.8% who are between 80 and 89,and there is 1 person who is between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 49.8% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were the SVP (31.2%) and the FDP (8.8%).
In Siat about 65.9% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Siat has an unemployment rate of 0.11%. , there were 20 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 9 businesses involved in this sector. 1 person is employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 8 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Official website
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Trinorfolkia incisa, known commonly as the notched triplefin or notched threefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Trinorfolkia. It was described by Rudie Kuiter in 1986. This species is found at depths of between on the roofs of caves. This species occurs along the southern coast of Australia from the south western coast of Western Australia to Victoria and around Tasmania.
References
Notched triplefin
Fish described in 1986
Kalsbeek College is a secondary school in the village of Woerden, Netherlands. The school is split between two sites and teaches all forms of Dutch secondary education. The Schilderspark site is on Jozef Israëlslaan and the Bredius site on Van kempensingel. The school has won the 538 Schoolawards in 2012, an election by the Dutch radio station Radio 538.
See also
Minkema College
List of schools in the Netherlands
References
External links
Secondary schools in the Netherlands
Schools in Utrecht (province)
Woerden
1990 Era
1998/99
Roster
1999/00
Roster
2000 Era
2000/01
Roster
2001/02
Roster
2002/03
Roster
2003/04
Roster
2004/05
Roster
2005/06
Roster
2006/07
Roster
2007/08
Roster
2008/09
Roster
2009/10
Roster
2010 Era
2010/11
Roster
2011/12
Roster
2012/13
Roster
2013/14
Roster
2014/15
Roster
2015/16
Roster
2016/17
Roster
2017/18
Roster
2018/19
Roster
2019/20
Roster
2020 Era
2020/21
Roster
2021/22
Roster
See also
See also Fenerbahçe (men's basketball) past rosters
References
Rosters
Fenerbahçe Basketball
tr:Fenerbahçe (basketbol) eski kadroları
The 2011–12 Danish 1st Division season is the 16th season of the Danish 1st Division league championship, governed by the Danish Football Association. It is set to start on 12 August 2011 with Viborg FF facing off against FC Hjørring. The final matches of the season are scheduled for 10 June 2012.
This will be the only season with a fourteen-club First Division. As only one team will be promoted from the Second Divisions, the league will be reduced to twelve teams from the next season, switching to the same system as the Superliga with three round-robin rounds and two relegation spots.
The division-champion and runners-up are promoted to the 2012–13 Danish Superliga. The teams in the 12th, 13th and 14th places are relegated to the 2012–13 Danish 2nd Divisions.
Participants
League table
Managerial changes
See also
2011–12 in Danish football
References
External links
Danish FA
2
Danish 1st Division
Danish 1st Division seasons
The Troy Cotton & Woolen Manufactory was a textile manufacturing company located Fall River, Massachusetts. Founded in 1813 by Oliver Chace, it was the second textile mill to be built over the Quequechan River, after the Fall River Manufactory. It was located at what is now Troy Street between Pleasant and Bedford Streets.
Company history
The company, originally known as the "Troy Manufacturing Company", was incorporated in March 1813 for $50,000. (Fall River was known as "Troy" between 1804 and 1834). The company's first mill was built over the uppermost falls of the Quequechan River, on the site of a former saw mill. It measured 108 feet long by thirty-seven feet wide with four stories and a low hip roof. It was constructed from field stone collected from the surrounding fields. The mill opened for business in March 1814. In 1821, the original mill was destroyed by fire. Some machinery was rescued however, and moved to a recently completed nearby building known as the "Little Mill". The main mill was rebuilt and opened in 1823.
Oliver Chace remained agent of the mill until 1822, when they moved to the newly formed Pocasset Manufacturing Company. Oliver's son Harvey Chace became the agent at the Troy, and remained until 1842.
The mill was expanded in 1843 and again in 1853, when the old wooden portions were removed.
In 1860, the rebuilt 1823 mill was removed and replaced with a large addition, 296 feet long by 70 feet wide and five stories high, stretching north to Bedford Street.
By 1917, the Troy Cotton & Woolen Manufactory contained a capacity of 52,544 spindles and 1,170 looms. It produced plain cotton weaves from print cloth yarns.
The company operated until 1929. The mills were later occupied by various businesses, including garment industries.
It was demolished in the 1960s as part of urban renewal and to make way for Interstate 195. The site now contains a parking lot that is used by the nearby post office.
See also
List of mills in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Textile companies of the United States
Textile mills in Fall River, Massachusetts
Cotton mills in the United States
Woollen mills
Manufacturing companies established in 1813
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1929
1813 establishments in Massachusetts
1929 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Demolished buildings and structures in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures demolished in the 1960s
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Massachusetts
The Kingdom of Luwu (also Luwuq or Wareq) was a polity located in northern part of South Sulawesi. province of Indonesia, on Sulawesi island. It is considered one of the earliest known Bugis kingdom in Sulawesi, founded between 10th and 14th century. However, recent archaeological research has challenged the idea.
History
Origin of Luwu
In 1889, Dutch administrator of Makassar Braam Morris placed Luwu's heyday between the 10th and 14th centuries, but offered no clear evidence. The La Galigo, an epic poem composed in a literary form of the Bugis language, is the likely inspiration of the dating. Morris' theory combined two older concepts which were already common in the region, which are (1) the so-called 'primordial age' as described within La Galigo, and (2) the widespread belief of other Bugis polities in South Sulawesi, who viewed the rulers of Luwu as the most senior lineages of all Bugis rulers.
However, historians and archaeologists expressed doubts regarding these claims. They noted that any historical records and chronologies of Luwu were 'disappointingly shallow' and 'absent of any evidence'.
Meanwhile, the Bugis world described in La Galigo depicted a vaguely defined world of coastal and riverine kingdoms whose economies are based on trade. Two early centers of this world were Luwu and the kingdom of Cina (pronounced Cheena) in what is now Wajo. The incompatibility of the La Galigo's trade-based political economy with the agricultural economies of other South Sulawesi kingdoms has led scholars to posit an intervening period of chaos to separate the two societies chronologically. Archaeological and textual research carried out since the 1980s has undermined this chronology, however. Extensive surveys and excavations in Luwu have revealed that the Bugis-speaking kingdom is a century or so younger than the oldest polities of the southwest peninsula. The earliest textual reference to Luwu is in the Majapahit court poem Desawarnana (c.1365), which listed Luwu, Bantaeng in southern part of the island, and Uda (possibly Cina) as the three major powers on the peninsula. However, there are no convincing archaeological evidence of Bugis settlement in Luwu region before c.1300.
The new understanding is that Bugis speaking settlers from the western Cenrana valley began to settle along the coastal margins of Luwu around the year 1300 CE. The Gulf of Bone is not a merely Bugis-speaking area only: it is a thinly populated region of great ethnic diversity in which Bugis speakers are a minority among the speakers of Pamona, Padoe, Wotu and Lemolang languages who lived on the coastal lowlands and foothills, while the highland valleys are home to groups speaking other Central and South Sulawesi languages. The Bugis are found almost solely along the coast, to which they have evidently migrated in order to trade with Luwu's indigenous peoples. It is clear both from archaeological and textual sources that Luwu was a Bugis-led coalition of various ethnic groups, united by trade relationships and by the ability of the Datu''' (ruler) of Luwu to enforce peace among neighboring hill tribes. The main centres of Bugis settlement were (and still are) Bua, Ponrang, Malangke, and Cerekang near Malili.
The migration of Bugis from the central lakes area to Luwu was evidently lead by members of Cina's ruling family, a loose coalition of high-ranking families claiming a common ancestry that ruled settlements across the Cenrana and Walennae valleys. This can be surmised from the fact that Luwu and Cina share the same founding myth of a tomanurung or heavenly-descended being called Simpurusia, and that both versions of this myth state that Simpurusia descended at Lompo, in Sengkang. Cina was absorbed in the 16th century by its former tributaries of Soppeng and Wajo, after which its ruling family effectively vanished. However, the ancient line of Cina's rulers are believed to continue in Luwu until the abolition of the kingdoms in 1954. It is likely that the widespread belief that Luwu is older than other South Sulawesi kingdoms stems partly from this illustrious lineage and accounts for the precedence today of the Datu of Luwu over all the former polities of South Sulawesi.
Luwu's political economy was based on the smelting of iron ore brought down, via the Lemolang-speaking polity of Baebunta, to Malangke on the central coastal plain. The smelted iron was worked into weapons and agricultural tools and exported to the rice-growing southern lowlands. This brought the kingdom great wealth, and by the mid-14th century Luwu had become the feared overlord of large parts of the southwest and southeast peninsula. The earliest identifiable ruler is Bataraguru (mid-15th century) whose name appears in a peace treaty with Bone. However, the first ruler for which we have any detailed information was Dewaraja (ruled c. 1495-1520). Stories current today in South Sulawesi tell of their aggressive attacks on the neighboring kingdoms of Wajo and Sidenreng. Luwu's power was eclipsed in the 16th century by the rising power of the southern agrarian kingdoms, and its military defeats are set out in the Chronicle of Bone.
Islamic Luwu
On 4 or 5 February 1605, Luwu's ruler, La Patiwareq, Daeng Pareqbung, became the first major South Sulawesi ruler to embrace Islam, taking as their title Sultan Muhammad Wali Mu'z'hir (or Muzahir) al-din. La Patiwareq is buried at Malangke and is referred to in the chronicles as Matinroe ri Wareq, ‘He who sleeps at Wareq', the former palace-centre of Luwuq. Their religious teacher, Dato Sulaiman, is buried nearby. Around 1620, Malangke was abandoned and a new capital was established to the west at Palopo. It is not known why this sprawling settlement, the population of which may have reached 15,000 in the 16th century, was suddenly abandoned: possibilities include religious turmoil, the declining price of iron goods and the economic potential of trade with the Toraja highlands.
Colonial Luwu
By the 19th century, Luwu had become a backwater. James Brooke, later Rajah of Sarawak, wrote in the 1830s that ‘Luwu is the oldest Bugis state, and the most decayed. [...] Palopo is a miserable town, consisting of about 300 houses, scattered and dilapidated. [...] It is difficult to believe that Luwu could ever have been a powerful state, except in a very low state of native civilisation.'
Present-day Luwu
In the 1960s Luwu was a focus of an Islamic rebellion led by Kahar Muzakkar. Today the former kingdom is home to the world's largest nickel mine and is experiencing an economic boom fueled by inward migration, yet it still retains much of its original frontier atmosphere.
Economy
Unlike other Bugis polities in South Sulawesi which based its economy on rice production and trade, Luwu was known to be a center of metalwork, especially iron, whose ore were both imported and extracted locally iron ore. Luwu's prestige, which came through iron mining activities and ironware exports in the past, led to the island on which Luwu existed to be known as Sulawesi'', or 'iron island'.
In addition, Luwu seemed to base its economy on arboriculture (or forest produces) exports. Dammar gum, rattan, ebony, gaharu, and mangrove timbers were thought as resources extracted upland, then exported via Luwu's port on the Gulf of Bone.
See also
History of Indonesia
References
Precolonial states of Indonesia
South Sulawesi
History of Sulawesi
She's My Baby may refer to:
Songs
"She's My Baby" (Traveling Wilburys song), 1990
"She's My Baby" (Wings song), 1976
"She's My Baby", a song by Faithless from Sunday 8PM
"She's My Baby", a song by Fats Domino
"She's My Baby", a song by Johnny O'Keefe
"She's My Baby", a song by Mazzy Star from So Tonight That I Might See
"She's My Baby", a song by the Rocket Summer from Calendar Days
"She's My Baby (And She's Outta Control)", a song from the soundtrack to Fast Times at Ridgemont High
Other
She's My Baby (film), a 1927 American silent comedy film
She's My Baby, a 1928 musical by Rodgers and Hart
Saidamen Balt Pangarungan (born September 23, 1950) is a Filipino business person, lawyer and politician who previously served as the ad interim Chairman of the Commission on Elections from March–June 2022. They previously served as the secretary of the National Commission on Muslim Filipinos in the Duterte administration, and was the governor of Lanao del Sur from 1988 to 1992.
Education and work
They studied at the Jamiatul Philippine al-Islamia (Islamic University of the Philippines) in Marawi City, where they were a consistent valedictorian in their elementary and high school years in 1956–1966. They finished their Liberal Arts degree in 1971 and Law in 1976 at the San Beda College as a consistent college scholar. They passed the Philippine bar examinations on the same year with a weighted average of 85.6%.
They immediately went to law practice with the prestigious Siguion-Reyna, Montecillo & Ongsiako law offices in Makati City until 1984, where they became a legal counsel of both local and multi-national companies in the Philippines such as Bank of America, Goodyear, Caltex, Sumitomo, Dole Philippines, San Miguel Corp., PLDT, Philippine Airlines, and Equitable PCI Bank (now BDO).
Political career
As an opposition candidate against the ruling Kilusang Bagong Lipunan (KBL), Pangarungan was elected Assemblyman of then Central Mindanao from 1979 to 1982.
After the EDSA revolution in 1986, Pangarungan was appointed acting governor of Lanao del Sur, replacing governor Mohamad Ali Dimaporo, a powerful ally of then President Ferdinand Marcos during the martial law regime.
Saving 12 Carmellite Nuns
A challenge to their administration was the kidnapping of 12 Carmelite nuns from their Marawi hilltop convent by lawless group of men. From the Vatican, Pope John Paul II appealed to their captors to release the nuns who were later brought to Lumbayanague across south of Lake Lanao. After two weeks of continued search, Pangarungan led government security forces and encircled the kidnappers' holdout. Under heavy pressure, the outnumbered kidnappers were forced to release all the nuns, safe and unharmed.
Abolition of 2,000 ghost barangays
Pangarungan was later appointed as undersecretary of Department of Interior and Local Government by President Corazon Aquino. They were tasked as chairperson of the inter-agency committee that investigated the ghost barangays in the Muslim provinces. After 6 months of ocular investigations and upon their recommendations, President Aquino signed an executive order abolishing some 2,000 ghost barangays in the two Lanao provinces, saving the government billions of pesos in regular allotments to the non-existent or uninhabited villages. As undersecretary, they also helped craft an executive order granting regular salaries and allowances to barangay (village) officials in the country.
Governor
In the 1988 elections, they were elected governor of Lanao del Sur, beating the political dynasties in the province. As governor, they built the 4-hectare provincial capitol complex overlooking the scenic Lake Lanao, the provincial library, People's Park and commissioned other infrastructure projects. They also concreted 110 kilometers of two major road networks: the Lake Lanao circumferential road and the Marawi-Malabang Road. At that time, the internal revenue allotment (IRA) of the provincial government was a meager P850,000 a month compared to the P160 million monthly at 2017 figures.
During Pangarungan's watch, the province was drug-free because of their staunch campaign against illegal drugs trade. Under their governorship, Lanao del Sur and its capital was much peaceful, with no recorded firefights or skirmishes between government and rebel forces. They negotiated the surrender of thousands of MNLF and MILF rebels. For their unprecedented achievements, Pangarungan was awarded thrice as one of the "Most Outstanding Governors of the Philippines" in three consecutive years: 1989, 1990 and 1991.
Peacemaker
Pangarungan was also a member of the Philippine delegation at the World Muslim Congress in Karachi, Pakistan in 1983, where they sponsored the adoption of the 'Karachi Declaration for Peace & Unity' to revive the long stalled peace talks between the Marcos government and the rebel MNLF and BMLO forces. The delegation included Senators Acmad Domocao Alonto, Salipada Pendatun, speakers Uttoh Ututalum and Abulkhayr Alonto, Court of Appeals justice Mama Busran and Princess Tarhata Lucman. In 1987, President Cory Aquino sent Senators Aquilino Pimentel Jr., Agapito Butz Aquino, Norberto Gonzales and Pangarungan to the Organization of Islamic Conference in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia to revive the peace talks with the MNLF- Nur Misuari faction. This led to the signing of the Jeddah Accord of 1987. Nur Misuari ended their exile and returned to the Philippines to eventually sign the 1996 Final Peace Accord with the government.
Mindanao power crisis
In 2007, they became President of the Agus 3 Hydropower Corporation; and later in 2013 as chairperson/CEO of the Maranao Energy Corp.(MENCO) that won the government bid on the Agus 3 hydropower project (240 Megawatts) in 2015. Pangarungan pursued the Agus 3 project to help address the crippling power outages in Mindanao in 2010 to 2015.
Enthronement as a sultan
They were enthroned Sultan of the Sultanate of Madaya, Marawi City on July 5, 2009, attended by 12,000 dignitaries and guests.
Secretary, National Commission on Muslim Filipinos
On July 9, 2018, President Rodrigo Duterte appointed Pangarungan as secretary with cabinet rank and chairperson, National Commission on Muslim Filipinos (NCMF). Under its charter, Republic Act 9997, the commission is tasked to uplift the socio-economic and cultural lives of the approximately 8 million Muslims in the Philippines. Pangarungan's priority agenda was to reform the NCMF long dogged by corruption, ensure a comfortable and affordable annual Hajj (Pilgrimage) to Makkah, Saudi Arabia for thousands of Filipino pilgrims, and led a joint nationwide project with the United Nation Development Program (UNDP) and the Japanese Government in strengthening national and local resilience against violent extremism. Pangarungan launched the project at the Mindanao State University in Marawi City on January 23, 2019 in time with the twin explosions in a cathedral in Jolo, Sulu that killed twenty parishioners and 111 wounded. Three days later, a grenade explosion rocked a mosque in Zamboanga City that killed 2 imams and wounding 4 others. These violent incidents were widely condemned by Muslim and Christian leaders in the country.
ISO 9001:2015 Seal of Excellence Certification
Under Pangarungan leadership, the NCMF received ISO 9001:2015 Seal of Excellence Certification by Bureau Veritas of France on December 16, 2021. This was in recognition of their accomplishments in reforming the Hajj pilgrimage by providing the best accommodation to thousands of Filipino pilgrims in 4.7 to 5-star hotels in Saudi Arabia; in reducing the Mutawiff or Hajj service fees by substantial reduction in plane fares. Pangarungan also activated and implemented the 24 mandates of the Commission under its NCMF charter including national peace-building, the development to greater heights of halal, shariah, Islamic finance, and the Madrasah educational system. They proactively responded to the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic through the Commission's ongoing relief operations and other assistance to the calls for help by more than 200,000 muslim families nationwide.
Chairman, Commission on Elections
On March 7, 2022, Pangarungan was appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte as ad-interim Chairman, Commission on Elections with a term of seven years until February 2, 2029. With barely two months to prepare for the May 9, 2022 National and Local Elections, Pangarungan and the other Commissioners geared up preparations.
Fastest Results, Honest and Peaceful Elections
The election was hailed by foreign and local observers as the fastest in Philippine history with the results transmitted in the Comelec Transparency Server before midnight of election day. Its voter turnout of 83.11% was the highest in Philippine election history. It was also the most peaceful election with only 27 incidents of violence compared to 166 violent incidents in the 2019 polls and 133 incidents during the 2016 elections. This was due to the series of peace-covenant signings among candidates in election hotspots that Pangarungan initiated across the country . Proclaimed swiftly in record time were the winning candidates for President [Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr.], Vice President [Sara Z. Duterte], Senators and Party-list. In a national survey by Pulse Asia, the prevailing sentiment of Filipinos at 82% is one of trust that the outcome of the recent national and local elections is accurate and credible. Satisfaction with the automated voting system, which employed the use of vote counting machines (VCMs) was expressed by 89% of Filipinos.
The bicameral Commission on Appointments of the 18th Congress however failed to act on the appointment of Pangarungan and other Commissioners of the Comelec, Commission on Audit and Civil Service Commission for lack of quorum leading to the bypass of their appointments.
Personal life, family and ancestry
 They are married to Princess Johayra Diamond Ali Pacasum Pangarungan, the Bailabi a Gaus sa Ranao and former assemblywoman of ARMM. Pangarungan was born in Marawi City on September 23, 1950, to Datu Abdulrahman Diambangan Balt of the Sultanate of Bayang, and the late Bae Jameela Asum Pangarungan Amai Manabilang of the Sultanate of Lanao and the Sultanate of Madaya.
Pangarungan came from a line of great ancestors. Their paternal great-grandfather Sultan Pandapatan of Bayang led Maranaw resistance against the American forces stationed in Malabang, Lanao del Sur, under Colonel Frank Baldwin with 600 soldiers composed of the 27th Infantry, 15th Cavalry under the command of Captain Pershing and 25th Battery of Fields.
Colonel Baldwin initiated the attack of Bayang in retaliation to the murder of two soldiers in Malabang for the snatching of the soldiers' Krag rifles. The Battle of Padang Karbala in Bayang took place in Cotta Pandapatan on May 2, 1902, conceded to be the fiercest battle ever fought by the superior American forces in the Philippines. This historic battle which left Bayang as the "land of the widows and orphans" claimed the lives of 300 Maranaw fighters including Sultan Pandapatan and death of 11 American soldiers that included Lt. Thomas Vicars and wounding severely 40 other soldiers. Pershing was never present in the battlefield of Cotta Pandapatan, they were busy convincing, thru diplomacy and negotiations, other sultans and Datus not to support and go with Sultan Pandapatan, who openly and in writing, declared resistance to the American forces. Had it not for Pershing's peaceful efforts, The Battle of Bayang could have escalated to a war between all the Maranaws against the Americans. President Roosevelt furiously disliked the attack of Baldwin on Bayang and prompted Major General Adna Chaffe, US Philippine Dapartment commander, to designate Capt Pershing as new commander of 27th infantry Regiment, 15th Cavalry, and 25th Battery, whose new camp named "Camp Vicars" was establiblished near Binidayan and Bayang two days after the Battle of Bayang. Pershing's diplomatic and military skills before and after their Mindanao tour of duty prompted President Roosevelt to promote Pershing to colonel, but seniority in US Army prevailed and only the ranks of Generals are subject to presidential control, Roosevelt assigned Pershing in Tokyo as Military Attache in 1905, and of the same year, Roosevelt convinced the US Congress and promoted Pershing to Brigadier General.
Sultan Saidamen Pangarungan's maternal great grandfather is Datu Amai Manabilang Didato who led Muslim leaders signed the "1935 Dansalan Declaration" urging the US Congress for the exclusion of Muslim lands in Mindanao in the grant of Philippine independence, so that at a later transition period the United States can grant a separate independence for Mindanao under Muslim rule. Datu Amai Manabilang then envisioned the U.S. granting a separate Muslim homeland in Mindanao and avoid a separatist war in Mindanao in the future as what happened four decades later. The Moro insurgency started by the MNLF in Marawi city in 1971 has claimed some 120,000 lives, mostly Muslims and more than 10,000 government troops. It displaced some 500,000 Muslim Filipinos as refugees to Sabah, Malaysia.
As an alternative to secession, Pangarungan however advocated "unity in diversity" thru a substantive and meaningful autonomy to Muslim Mindanao. Pangarungan was a governor of Lanao del Sur when the province voted to join the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) during the 1989 plebiscite on the ARMM Organic Act 14.
References
External links
1. Madale, Dr. Abdullah T. “The Maranaws: Dwellers of the Lake”. Manila: Rex Book Store, Inc. 1997.
2. Gonzalez, Francisco L. et al. “Sultans of A Violent Land” from the book “Rebels, Warlords and Ulama”. Quezon City: Institute for Popular Democracy. 1999
3. Prolonged brownouts seen if no new power plants are built soon.” Manila Bulletin. 22 February 2007
4. Punay, Edu. “Muslim groups to Noy: Appoint most qualified ARMM-OIC.” The Philippine Star. 11 November 2011.
5. Belen, Nardz. 6 November 2011
6. Velasco, Myrna. "Privatization Shackles Agus 3 Project". Manila Bulletin. 1 November 2012
7. Shortlist of ARMM OIC's Applicants and Nominees. 14 September 2011
8. 12 September 2011
9. Selim, Yvette. 9 September 2009
12. Muslim Insurgency in Mindanao, Philippines. Luga, Alan R. Kansas. 2002.
13. Profile of Achievement/ Enthronement Rites of Sultan Saidamen B. Pangarungan, July 5, 2009, MSU Gymnasium, Marawi City, MSU Library
14. Pangarungan, Saidamen " Argument for Autonomy and Peace: The Threat of Muslim Secession in the Philippines" 1970, San Beda College Library, Manila
1950 births
20th-century Filipino politicians
Chairpersons of the Commission on Elections of the Philippines
Duterte administration personnel
21st-century Filipino businesspeople
20th-century Filipino lawyers
Filipino Muslims
Heads of government agencies of the Philippines
Living people
Governors of Lanao del Sur
People from Marawi
San Beda University alumni
is a private women's junior college in Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan, established in 1950.
See also
Kobe Women's University
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1950
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1950 establishments in Japan
Doubt is an American drama television series that premiered on CBS on February 15, 2017 and concluded on August 12, 2017. The series was created by Tony Phelan and Joan Rater, and stars Katherine Heigl in the lead role of Sadie Ellis, a brilliant attorney who falls for their client (Steven Pasquale), an altruistic pediatric surgeon recently accused of murdering their girlfriend 24 years earlier. CBS gave the show a series order in May 2016. After only two episodes had aired, CBS announced that they were pulling the series from their schedule, leaving the future of the remaining unaired episodes in doubt. It was the first official cancellation of the 2016–17 season, following weak viewership. CBS later announced that the series would return on July 1, 2017 to burn off the remaining 11 episodes. It did not return.
Cast and characters
Katherine Heigl as Sadie Ellis, a defense attorney at Roth & Associates, an elite New York law firm run by their foster father, Isaiah Roth. Sadie is defending Billy Brennan, but begins to develop feelings for him.
Dulé Hill as Albert Cobb, Sadie's best friend, and co-worker at Roth & Associates.
Laverne Cox as Cameron "Cam" Wirth, Sadie's co-worker. A transgender woman and Yale Law School alumnus, Cam feels passionate about their work, especially in cases involving civil rights for minorities. Cam begins dating DA Peter Garrett, their former classmate at Yale.
Dreama Walker as Tiffany Simon, Sadie's co-worker, and Cam's frequent collaborator. Tiffany is a recent law school graduate, who was raised in Iowa.
Kobi Libii as Nick Brady, a reformed convict, who comes to the firm as a recent parolee. They studied law while incarcerated.
Steven Pasquale as William "Billy" Brennan, a prominent surgeon, who is on trial for the murder of their ex-girlfriend, Amy Meyers, 26 years prior. Billy grew up in a tumultuous family, with their Senator father and mother's marriage on the rocks, and their adoptive sister resenting him. Billy eventually falls in love with Sadie, and they begin a secret relationship.
Elliott Gould as Isaiah Roth, a prominent lawyer in New York City, who takes pride in defending the defenseless. Isaiah raised Sadie, following their mother's incarceration.  They are concerned Sadie and Billy's relationship will jeopardize not only Billy's conviction, but Sadie's future as well.
Recurring
Judith Light as Carolyn Rice, Sadie's mother. Carolyn has been incarcerated for the past thirty years, after a robbery they participated in went wrong and a police officer ended up fatally shot. Following their sentencing, Sadie was raised by Isaiah Roth, Carolyn's close friend and lawyer. Later in the series, Carolyn reveals they have stage four cancer, and wants to be with Sadie when they die.
Lauren Blumenfeld as Lucy Alexander, Sadie's absent-minded assistant.
Tara Karsian as Tanya, the firm's receptionist.
Ben Lawson as DA Peter Garrett, the district attorney, who is Cam's former classmate. They frequently pursue them romantically, but they want to take things slow.
Cassidy Freeman as ADA Audrey Burris.
Patrick Fischler as ADA Alan Markes.
Larry Sullivan as ADA Asher Lowman.
Episodes
Production
The series was originally proposed for the 2015–2016 television season, originally casting KaDee Strickland and Teddy Sears in the lead roles. However, CBS decided to retool the series for the 2016–2017 television season, with Heigl and Pasquale re-cast in the lead roles, and picked it up on May 14, 2016. Cox's casting in the series has made them the first transgender person to play a transgender series regular on broadcast television.
Although CBS canceled the series after just two episodes, a total of 13 episodes were produced.
Reception
The first season of Doubt has received mixed reviews from television critics. Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 53%, based on 30 reviews, with an average rating of 5.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Doubt struggles with tone in its premiere episode, but ultimately develops into a decent courtroom/workplace drama that is buoyed by a talented cast." Metacritic reported a score of 58 out of 100, based on 25 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Ratings
References
External links
2010s American LGBT-related drama television series
2017 American television series debuts
2017 American television series endings
2010s American legal television series
CBS original programming
English-language television shows
New York Supreme Court
Television series by CBS Studios
Television shows set in New York City
Transgender-related television shows
The Zambales Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Zambales .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, the first district sending three members, and the second district sending seven members to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Zambales, with the exception that Olongapo, a highly urbanized city, is excluded in the first district.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Zambales's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Jefferson Khonghun (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Zambales
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Áta () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
Etymology
Áta is a Turkish name which means father. Áta is also used in Atatürk's name.
History
Áta has been inhabited since ancient times. Before the Hungarian tribes conquered the area, it was inhabited by Slav people.
In 1526 the county was occupied by Ottomans, and was freed in 1689.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Steve Hutkins is a retired professor at the Gallatin School of New York University and a leading advocate for the United States Post Office. They run the influential website "Save the Post Office".
Early life and education
They received their BA in English from the University of Wisconsin, a Masters in English and PhD in English Renaissance literature from NYU.
Save the Post Office
Hutkins first became interested in the post office crisis in 2011, when their local post office in their town in New York's Hudson Valley was in danger of closing. They began reading extensively on the Postal Service's plans for closure and restructuring and was inspired to create the website "Save the Post Office" to advocate against closures and to advocate for a sustainable path forward for the institution.
Save the Post Office provides information about post office consolidations, closings, the sale of historic post office buildings to private owners, the efforts people are taking to protect post offices, and the steps citizens can take to save their local post offices when they end up on the closure list.
Hutkins fears that many on the Board of Governors of the United States Postal Service and their corporate allies have demonstrated both publicly and privately that they have an agenda to "eliminate the layoff protections in union contracts, cut the career workforce by nearly half while tripling the number of non-career workers, reduce service standards for first-class mail, do away with Saturday delivery, and give management control of workers benefit plans."
They generally do not support the sale of historic post offices, as their privatization is against the values that built them, especially structures that were built during the Great Depression, which served, according to Hutkins, as "a morale booster for a country that was losing confidence in its government." Their privatization removes an important symbol that the government can do great things.
In addition to managing the "Save the Post Office" website, Hutkins has filed a number of briefs and comments to the Postal Regulatory Commission concerning appeals of post office suspensions and closures.
They have written about historic post offices for the National Trust for Historic Preservation (Section 106, Protective Covenants, and Sale of Historic Post Offices) and they submitted testimony to the 2014 report Preserving Historic Post Offices: A Report to Congress, prepared by The Advisory Council on Historic Preservation.
Publications
Journal articles
Apollo Meets Dionysius: Interdisciplinarity in Long-standing Interdisciplinary Programs(co-authored with William Newell (Miami University), Daniel Larner (Western Washington University), Eric McGuckin (Sonoma State University), and Karen Oates (George Mason University)). Issues in Integrative Studies 2003 21:9-42.
References
External links
Save the Post Office
Living people
New York University faculty
United States Postal Service people
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
New York University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute () is a Korean government-funded research institution in Daedeok Science Town in Daejeon, Republic of Korea.
Overview
Established in 1976, ETRI is a non-profit government-funded research institute. In the 1980s, ETRI developed TDX (Time Division Exchange) and 4M DRAM (Dynamic Random Access Memory). In the 1990s, ETRI commercialized Code-division multiple access. In the 2000s, ETRI developed Terrestrial DMB, WiBro, and 4G LTE Advanced, for mobile communications.
ETRI is one of the leading research institutes in the wireless communication domain with more than 2,500 patents filed.
ETRI developed ship-area network technology, portable automatic language interpretation, and automated valet parking technology.
As of December 14, 2015, ETRI had about 2,000 employees of which about 1,800 are researchers.
Chronology
References
External links
ETRI Webzine
ETRI Journal
Research institutes established in 1976
Research institutes in South Korea
1976 establishments in South Korea
Hans Nieland (3 October 1900 in Hagen – 29 August 1976 in Reinbek near Hamburg) was a politician of the German Nazi-Party (NSDAP) and Lord Mayor of Dresden from 1940 until 1945.
Career
Nieland was drafted into the Imperial Army in June 1918 just after their final examinations at modern grammar school. They remained a soldier until one month after the end of World War I (discharge in December 1918). From February 1919 they studied political science at the universities of Göttingen and Hamburg. After the end of their studies in July 1922 they worked as a commercial clerk for three years in two Hamburg export firms. Hereupon followed a job training in the local and provincial administration. Afterwards Nieland went to the small town Kirchhörde (which now forms part of Dortmund) as a candidate for the career of a Westphalian bailiff. Their political career started as a head of the district authority in their native town Hagen, later on Nieland became district president in Münster. In 1925 they received their doctorate in Hamburg. Their doctoral thesis, completed in June 1925, was entitled "Power as a governmental concept of law: An analysis of the German Reich's constitutional law situation under the rule of the Versailles Treaty"
(German: "Die Macht als staatlicher Rechtsbegriff: Zugleich eine Untersuchung über die staatsrechtliche Stellung des Deutschen Reiches unter der Herrschaft des Versailler Vertrages").
On 30 January 1926 Hans Nieland joined the NSDAP (membership number 33 333), became Bezirksführer
() at home and then Sektionsführer () in Hamburg. Moreover, they entered the SS (membership number 61 702), was promoted SS Major General Brigadeführer on 30 January 1939 and achieved their assignment to the Staff SS Upper Sector "Elbe" (German: Stab SS-Oberabschnitt "Elbe") on 9 November 1944. From November 1926 until March 1928 they applied themselves to law studies again in Münster and Göttingen. In December 1928 they became an intern with the Altona legal authorities. On 14 September 1930 they were elected Member of the Reichstag for the Hamburg constituency.
On 1 May 1931 Hans Nieland was appointed Leader of the NSDAP Foreign Organization (, abbreviated: NSDAP/AO), which was founded in Hamburg, by NSDAP Reichsorganisationsleiter () Gregor Strasser. They visited the Netherlands and England from 1931-1932. They stayed in London from 15–19 January 1932, where they spoke to an audience of approximately 200 people. Upon returning, Nieland already resigned from Strasser's party office on 8 May 1933 because they had acceded to more important duties in the meantime. From 5 March to 14 October 1933 they were head of the Hamburg police and from 18 May 1933 they were a member of the Hamburg provincial government. Nieland assumed the Hamburg revenue office in May 1933. Additionally, they directed parts of the Administration for Economics, Technology and Labour since November 1934. After the Groß-Hamburg Gesetz came into force in April 1937 Nieland was awarded the title Senator and the position of a city treasurer for life. In February 1940 they were appointed Lord Mayor of regional capital Dresden at the suggestion of Reichsstatthalter () Martin Mutschmann by Reich Minister of the Interior Wilhelm Frick. After the heavy air raids of 13 and 14 February 1945, which destroyed the baroque historic section totally, Nieland left precipitously Dresden on 23 February 1945, disappeared completely for 8 days and turned up in Berlin on 3 March 1945.
From 2 June 1945 until August 1948 Nieland was detained in several British internment facilities, for example in Neumünster-Gadeland and in Civil Internment Camp No 5 Staumühle (near Paderborn). In August 1948 a fine was imposed on Nieland in the course of a "Spruchkammerverfahren" (English: "proceedings before denazification tribunals") in Bielefeld, which was regarded as compensated by the term of imprisonment, however. In 1949 they were classified as minderbelastet () and in 1950 as Mitläufer ( or nominal member). After being released they worked for a time as a banker in Reinbek bei Hamburg.
References
Christel Hermann: Oberbürgermeister der Stadt Dresden Hans Nieland und Stellvertreter Rudolf Kluge (in: Dresdner Geschichtsbuch. - Vol. No. 7 . - Altenburg : DZA Publishing House, 2001. - . - pp. 181–200) This is a publication by the Stadtgeschichtliche Museen Dresden (see ).
Notes
External links
1900 births
1976 deaths
People from Hagen
Nazi Party officials
Mayors of Dresden
SS-Brigadeführer
Gauleiters
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
People from the Province of Westphalia
Nazis convicted of crimes
Henry Berry, (1719 in England – 1812) was Liverpool's second dock engineer succeeding Thomas Steers and being succeeded by Thomas Morris. Berry Street in Liverpool may be named after Berry who lived in a house at the junction with Duke Street, where the White Horse pub stands.
They built Salthouse Dock, George's Dock and King's Docks in Liverpool. They designed Queen's Dock for the Hull Dock Company which opened Tuesday 22 September 1778. In 1769 they checked Peter P Burdett's survey for the route of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. They also designed the Sankey Canal.
References
External links
Henry Berry, dock engineer (1719-1812)
Early History of Liverpool pilot service
1719 births
1812 deaths
English canal engineers
People from St Helens, Merseyside
Engineers from Liverpool
Blood Legacy (also called Legacy of Blood and Will to Die) is a 1971 horror film directed by Carl Monson and starring Rodolfo Acosta, Merry Anders, Norman Bartold, John Carradine, and Faith Domergue.
Synopsis
In this 1971 effort, Christopher Dean (John Carradine) has died; their four adult children Greg, Veronica, Johnnie, and Leslie, and their spouses, as well Christopher's longtime three servants have been called to the mansion to hear Christopher's previously taped last will. The servants are to receive a salary of $500 a month as long as they stay on; the children are to receive equal portions of the $136 million balance of the estate; however, if any die, the remainder will go to the survivors. If all of the children die, the servants inherit what is left. The children must for some reason stay in the deceased's house for one week in order to inherit. In this taped message, Christopher makes plain that they have no affection or respect for their four offspring; they advise them to run away from their offer if they have any virtue.
The killings begin promptly with the murder of Mrs. Greg Dean's dog, proceed to the decapitation of the police officer called about the incident, and continue until one individual survives. The terms of the will are such as to cast suspicion on any of the parties present. The surprise, and illogical, twist is who conducted the killings and why.
Produced by Bennett Rombouts, directed by Carl Monson.
There is a 1978 film of the same name and similar plot, not to be confused with this one.
Cast
Rodolfo Acosta: Sheriff Dan Garcia
Merry Anders: Laura Dean
Norman Bartold: Tom Drake
Ivy Bethune: Elga
John Carradine: Christopher Dean
Richard Davalos: Johnny Dean
Faith Domergue: Veronica Dean
Buck Kartalian: Igor Garin
Brooke Mills: Leslie Dean
Jeff Morrow: Gregory Dean
John Russell: Frank Mantee
John Smith: Dr. Carl Isenburg
Mr. Chin: Chin
Presentations
Horror hostess Elvira, Mistress of the Dark (Cassandra Peterson) presented Blood Legacy as part of their Movie Macabre series. The film was also riffed by the cast of Cinematic Titanic.
External links
1971 films
American horror films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Mattias Norlinder (born 12 April 2000) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Laval Rocket in the American Hockey League (AHL), while under contract as a prospect to the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were drafted 64th overall by the Canadiens in the third round of the 2019 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Europe
As a youth, Norlinder played junior hockey for Modo Hockey in the J20 SuperElit, winning the 2019 J20 SuperElit championship.
They made their professional debut for Modo in the HockeyAllsvenskan during the 2018–19 season, playing 14 games with two goals and four assists. In March 2019, they signed a one-year professional contract with Modo. In the 2019–20 HockeyAllsvenskan season, they played 34 games for Modo with seven goals and eleven assists. Despite missing time with a concussion, they were named the best Junior (Guldgallret) in the HockeyAllsvenskan that season.
They were loaned to Frölunda HC in the 2020–21 SHL season, playing 37 games with five goals and five assists after missing time with a shoulder and a knee injury.
North America
After being drafted 64th overall by the Montreal Canadiens in the third round of the 2019 NHL Entry Draft, the Canadiens signed Norlinder to a three-year entry-level contract on 3 June 2021.
On 6 November 2021, Norlinder made their North American professional debut with the Canadien's AHL affiliate, Laval Rocket, in a 4–0 loss against the Syracuse Crunch. Norlinder made their NHL debut with the Canadiens in a 6–0 loss against the Pittsburgh Penguins on 18 November 2021. On 27 November 2021, they scored their first NHL point with an assist in a 6–3 win against the Penguins. Having played six games with the Canadiens before returning to the Rocket, Norlinder was later reassigned on loan to continue their development and return to Swedish club, Frölunda HC, for the remainder of the season on 16 December 2021.
International play
Norlinder represented Sweden men's national junior ice hockey team at the 2020 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, winning a bronze medal. They made their senior national team debut at the 2020 Karjala Tournament in the Euro Hockey Tour.
Personal life
Norlinder's younger brother, Linus, is also a hockey player.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Frölunda HC players
Laval Rocket players
Modo Hockey players
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
Montreal Canadiens players
People from Kramfors Municipality
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Västernorrland County
Parveen Kaur is an Indian actor born in Mumbai who graduated from Sathaye College.
Kaur has been part of shows including: Ishq Unplugged, Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat, Humko Tumse Ho Gaya Hai Pyaar Kya Karein, Yeh Hai Mohabbatein, Kasam Tere Pyaar Ki, Balika Vadhu and many more. Kaur has also appeared in several films and TV commercials including: Amazon's Apni Dukan, Franklin Templeton, Rajdhani Daal, Kurkure, and Reliance Free.
Filmography
Television
Films
References
External links
Living people
Indian soap opera actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Claire Cronin is a former camogie player, winner of the B+I Star of the Year award and the Gradam Tailte award for skill tests in 1983 having previously won the Levi Youth Sports Star award for Young Player of the Year in 1976. They won All Ireland medals in 1978, 1980, 1982 and 1983.
Career
In 1976 they helped St Aloysius school bring the Ireland colleges championship to Cork for the first time, and won All Ireland minor medals with Cork in 1976 and 1977. They won the first of their four All Ireland senior medals in 1978, and captained the team in 1981 when Cork lost to Kilkenny in the Ireland senior final.
References
Living people
Cork camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Azhakulla Saleena () is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by K. S. R. Moorthy. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Kanchana and Vincent in the lead roles. The film had musical score by K. J. Yesudas. The film is best known for the performance by Prem Nazir in a negative role. This is the only film they acted as a villain among their 750 plus films.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Kunjachan
Jayabharathi as Saleena
Kanchana as Lucyamma
Vincent as Johnny
KPAC Lalitha as Mary
Sankaradi as Agausthi
Sreelatha Namboothiri as Tribal Girl
T. R. Omana as Chinnamma
Baby Sumathi as Sajan
Bahadoor as Diamond Mathai
Changanacherry Thankam
Kavitha
Pala Thankam
Ramadas as Avarachan
S. P. Pillai as Paappi
Vanchiyoor Radha
Santo Krishnan as Police Constable
Abbas
Ramadas as Awarachan
K. A. Vasudevan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. J. Yesudas and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma and Father Nagel.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
1970s romance films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Indian romance films
Adrián Recinos (1886–1962) was a Guatemalan historian, essayist, Mayanist scholar and translator, and diplomat. Recinos was a great student of national history, mainly of the Maya civilization and the ancient history of the K'iche' and Kaqchikel people.
It was they who made the first edition in Spanish of the Popol Vuh, based on their translation of the manuscript found in the Newberry Library, Chicago, the United States. They also published their translations of other ancient Mayan manuscripts, including the Anales de los Cakchiqueles.
Biography
Adrián Recinos was born on July 5, 1886, in Antigua Guatemala, as the son of Teodoro M. Recinos and Rafaela Ávila de Recinos. They married María Palomo and had five children, Beatrice, Isabel, Mary, Adrian Jr., and Laura. All four of their daughters would remain in Guatemala for the majority of their lives, and Adrian Jr. would attend Harvard University, and later became an M.D. in the U.S. while residing in Washington D.C.
Recinos obtained their bachelor's degree of Sciences and Letters in 1902, and graduated from the School of Law in Guatemala in 1907. They pursued a public career as a diplomat and was Secretary of Legation in El Salvador (1908), Under-Secretary of State (1910–1920), Minister of Foreign Affairs (1922–1923), Ambassador to France, Spain, and Italy (1923–1925), President of the Legislative Assembly (1926), and Ambassador to the USA (1928–1943). In 1944 they ran as a candidate to the Presidency of the Republic, but lost the elections to Juan José Arévalo.
They died in 1962.
Legacy
Recinos had a passion for Guatemalan history and was a founding member of the Sociedad de Geografía e Historia de Guatemala, currently known as Academia de Geografía e Historia de Guatemala. They were also a member of the Sociedad de Geografía y Estadística (Mexico), Sociedad Histórica Americana (Buenos Aires), Instituto Iberico-Americano de Derecho Comparado (Madrid), amongst others.
Adrián Recinos received national and international recognition for their publications on Guatemala's history and their translations of ancient Mayan manuscripts.
Published works
Indigenous chronicles of Guatemala
The City of Guatemala (historical description from its foundation to 1917-1918 earthquakes)
Monographs of the Department of Huehuetenango
Original Spanish language editions
Notes
References
External links
Foreign ministers of Guatemala
Guatemalan diplomats
Guatemalan essayists
Guatemalan male writers
Male essayists
20th-century Guatemalan historians
Guatemalan Mesoamericanists
Guatemalan translators
Mayanists
1886 births
1962 deaths
20th-century Mesoamericanists
Historians of Mesoamerica
Members of the Congress of Guatemala
Ambassadors of Guatemala to the United States
Ambassadors of Guatemala to Spain
Ambassadors of Guatemala to Italy
Ambassadors of Guatemala to France
People from Sacatepéquez Department
20th-century translators
20th-century essayists
20th-century male writers
Uncial 060 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 13 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century.
Description
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of John 14:14-17.19-21.23-24.26-28 on a fragment of 1 parchment leaf (14 cm by 12 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in small uncial letters. It does not use breathings and accents; iota and ypsilon are written with diaeresis.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
C. R. Gregory saw it in 1903. Gregory added it to the list of New Testament manuscripts in 1908. It was examined and described by Salonius.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The codex is located at the Berlin State Museums, in Berlin (P. 5877).
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Related Bible parts: John 14
References
Further reading
A. H. Salonius, "Die griechischen Handschriftenfragmente des Neuen Testaments in den Staatlichen Museen zu Berlin", ZNW 26 (1927), pp. 102-104.
Greek New Testament uncials
6th-century biblical manuscripts
Andrea Lehotská (Detva, 2 December 1981) is a Slovak-Italian television hostess, actor and model.
Biography
In March 2001, Lehotská was one of the twelve finalists in the Miss Slovakia contest for Miss Universe 2001.
In 2003, in Croatia, Lehotská appeared in a television advertisement for Coca-Cola.
In 2004, Lehotská was the VJ for All Music and in the cast of "Spicy Tg"; they debuted as an actor in Che ne sarà di noi of Giovanni Veronesi. In 2005, they appeared in the film Fratello e padre. Also in 2005, Lehotská was in the video clips of Vasco Rossi Buoni o cattivi, Come stai, Un senso E... and Señorita. On September 9, 2005, Rossi released the double DVD È solo un Rock 'n Roll show (with 12 video clips) with Lehotská as protagonist.
From 2005 to 2008, they were a columnist for the television program Markette. In 2007, they were a finalist in Uno due tre stalla, reality show of Canale 5.
In 2008, they played the role of Bibi in the film Albakiara directed by Stefano Salvati. From 2008 to 2009 they have presented BO051 for 7 Gold; in 2009 they are in the cast of fiction Giochi sporchi for Rai 4.
From 2009 to 2010, Lehotská was a co-protagonist in Una cena di Natale quasi perfetta on Sky Uno, and in Sugo, a television program on Rai 4.
From 2009 to 2011, they were a co-protagonist in Chiambretti Night, a television program of Mediaset, and in 2011 Lehotská was a co-protagonist in Chiambretti Sunday Show on Italia 1.
In 2011, they have presented Circo Massimo on Rai 3/RSI La 2. They were also the protagonist of video clip Hayat Öpücüğü of Murat Boz.
In 2012, they were the third finalist of L'isola dei famosi, a reality show.
From 2012 to 2016, they presented Circo Estate on Rai 3. and the International Circus Festival of Monte-Carlo on Rai 3.
In 2013 Andrea Lehotská presented Cena je správna on TV JOJ. In 2017, they played the role of Regina in the film Tutto quello che vuoi directed by Francesco Bruni.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Italian television presenters
21st-century Italian actores
21st-century Slovak actores
Italian people of Slovak descent
Slovak female models
Slovak film actores
Italian film actores
Italian television actores
Participants in Italian reality television series
Italian women television presenters
Slovak women television presenters
People from Detva
Pritt is a brand of adhesives, tapes, KidsArt, correction, and fixing products designed and marketed by Henkel. Originally called "Pretty Sticky", this was later condensed to Pritt Stick after the inventor's young child mispronounced its name. Pritt invented the world's first glue stick, also known as the Pritt Stick, which is a solid adhesive in a twistable casing.
History
In 1967, Henkel researcher Dr Wolfgang Dierichs and their team developed a glue stick that resembled a lipstick in a twistable casing. The Pritt stick was first marketed in 1969, and by 1971 was available in 38 countries. In 2001 the Pritt stick was successfully tested on board the International Space Station and was awarded Space Proof Quality.
In 2003, the PowerPritt, a KidsArt correction roller, was introduced, followed in 2004 by the PowerPritt gel and the PowerPritt stick. In 2006 the Pritt tape range was introduced.
References
External links
Henkel
Pritt
Adhesives
Henkel brands
Henry Tobias Frere (27 September 1830 – 15 August 1881) was an English first-class cricketer. Frere was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm roundarm fast and who played occasionally as a wicket-keeper.
Frere made their first-class debut for Hampshire against an All-England Eleven in 1850. Frere played a number of non first-class matches forHampshire and numerous other sides from 1850 to 1863. In 1855 Frere made their second first-class appearance, this time for the Gentlemen of England against the Marylebone Cricket Club.
Three years later Frere made played two matches for the Gentlemen, the first of which came in the 1858 Gentlemen v Players fixture and the second of which came for the Gentlemen of the South against the Gentlemen of the North. The following season Frere played in the same two fixtures once again.
In 1863 Frere played for Hampshire County Cricket Club in the year of their founding in two non first-class matches against Surrey. In 1864 Frere made their first-class debut for the county club against Sussex. Despite keeping wicket in the match, Frere took 2/20 from twenty overs. From 1864 to 1868, Frere played six first-class matches for Hampshire with their final first-class match for the county coming in 1866 against the Marylebone Cricket Club. In their six matches for the county, Frere scored 92 runs at a batting average of 10.22, with a high score of 23. With the ball Frere took 6 wickets at a bowling average of 41.33, with best figures of 2/20. Behind the stumps Frere took five catches and made two stumpings.
In 1868 Frere made their final first-class appearance, representing Sussex in a single first-class match against Middlesex.
In Frere's overall first-class career they scored 177 runs at a batting average of 9.83, with a high score of 26. With the ball Frere took 24 wickets at a bowling average of 26.95, with one five wicket hauls for the Gentlemen of the South against the Gentlemen of the North in 1859 which yielded them career best figures of 5–20.
Frere died at Westbourne, Hampshire on 15 August 1881.
External links
Henry Frere at Cricinfo
Henry Frere at CricketArchive
Matches and detailed statistics for Henry Frere
1830 births
1881 deaths
People from Odiham
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Gentlemen of the South cricketers
Gentlemen of England cricketers
Henry Tobias
Albert Champagne (June 5, 1866 – October 12, 1937) was a Saskatchewan rancher, hotel-owner and political figure. They represented Battleford in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1905 to 1908 and in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal from 1908 to 1917.
They were born in Ottawa in 1866, the son of Séraphin Champagne. They apprenticed as a tailor there before enrolling in the North-West Mounted Police in 1885. In 1895, Champagne left the police and purchased a large ranch near Battleford, Saskatchewan. They later sold the ranch and took over the operation of a hotel in Battleford, buying another hotel there a few years later. They were also involved in the sale of horses. In 1904, Champagne became the first mayor of Battleford. They ran unsuccessfully for reelection to the federal parliament for Battleford in 1921.
They died at Ottawa in 1937.
Champagne was the first francophone to serve in the Saskatchewan assembly and the only French-speaking member from western Canada during their term in the House of Commons.
Their brother Napoléon served in the Ontario provincial assembly and also as mayor of Ottawa.
External links
Biography at le Musée Virtuel Francophone de la Saskatchewan
1866 births
1937 deaths
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Saskatchewan
Mayors of places in Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Liberal Party MLAs
Fransaskois people
People from Battleford
Azhimukham () is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Vijayan. The film stars Jayabharathi, Cochin Haneefa, Bahadoor and K. P. Ummer in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Jayabharathi
Cochin Haneefa
Bahadoor
K. P. Ummer
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Sujatha
T. K. Balachandran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Mankombu Gopalakrishnan and Poochakkal Shahul Hameed.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
FD or similar may refer to:
Science and technology
Canon FD lens mount, a standard for connecting a lens to a camera
Familial dysautonomia, a disorder of the autonomic nervous system
Fermi–Dirac statistics (F–D statistics), in quantum statistics
Ferredoxin, iron–sulfur proteins
File descriptor, in Unix and related computer operating systems
Freedesktop.org (fd.o), an interoperability project
Functional dependency, a constraint in a relation from a database
Nissan FD engine, for trucks and buses
Transportation
Thai AirAsia, IATA airline code FD
Mazda RX-7 (FD), a car
FD Phantom, original name for the FH Phantom jet fighter
Russian locomotive class FD
Flight director (aeronautics), a flight instrument
Flying Dutchman (dinghy)
Other uses
Fidei defensor (Latin, 'Defender of the Faith'), part of the full style of many English/British monarchs
Fixed deposit, a financial instrument
Finance Director, or chief financial officer, in a company
Fire Department, providing firefighting services
Force of the Right (Forța Dreptei), a Romanian political party
See also
Floppy disk drive (FDD) in early computers
Wyndham William Knight (5 December 1828 – 17 September 1918), known in some sources as Wiliam Wyndham Knight, was an English amateur cricketer who played in one first-class cricket match for Kent County Cricket Club in 1862.
Knight was born at Chawton in Hampshire in 1828 and educated at Winchester College.  They are known to have played cricket twice for the amateur Gentlemen of Kent side in the 1850s before making their only first-class appearance for the county side in 1862 against Sussex. They were one of the founders of the Band of Brothers, an amateur cricket club closely associated with Kent.
Knight lived at Bilting House near Godmersham in Kent for most of their adult life, although they are known to have owned property in Hampshire. In 1846 they were commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Rifle Brigade, serving in the regiment until 1854, commanding a company at the Battle of Boomplaats in South Africa in 1848 and rising to the rank of lieutenant. They later served with the Royal East Kent Yeomanry between 1856 and 1862, rising to the rank of captain. They were a magistrate and a justice of the peace, married Henrietta Armstrong and had two children.
Knight died at Bilting in Kent in 1918 aged 89. Their brother Philip, father Edward, and uncles George, Brook and Henry all played first-class cricket.
They were the father of Captain William Brodnax Knight, of the Queen's Bays, and the grandfather of Major-General Sir Wyndham Charles Knight, of the Indian Army.
Notes
References
External links
1828 births
1918 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Godmersham
People from Chawton
Çukurca is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
A. N. Kosygin Moscow State Textile University was formed as Moscow State Textile Institute in 1919. It is one of the oldest and institutes for higher studies in textiles in Russia.
In 1981, the institute was named in honor of Soviet Premier Alexei Kosygin, who died the previous year and whose profession was in the textile industry. The institute was upgraded to "Academy" in 1990. It was renamed to A. N. Kosygin Moscow State Textile Academy.
Nine years later, the Academy was approved as University and renamed as the A. N. Kosygin Moscow State Textile University in 1999.
The university has its own complex. It comprises 8 different korpuc at the center of the city of Moscow, Russia. The teaching staff at the university is above 560, with 110 of them are Ph.D. and Professors.
The university has the following major departments:
Technology and Production Management
Chemical Technology and Ecology
Weaving, Information Technology
Automation and Energy
Economics and Management
Fashion Designing
The university offers specialization, masters and bachelors in 18 different categories. University has 41 departments, where it offers studies to almost 6700 students. The university has 110 laboratories and 100 auditoriums. The university has its own sports hall, club and three hostels.
The University has served as a center of education for students from Russia and from all over the world. Many students from China, Pakistan, Morocco, Iran, Ghana and India have completed their higher education at the university. The university has a one-room mosque which was built by Muslim students of the university in the hostel at Shablovskaya. The 7th floor of the university hostel is assigned to foreign students.
Alumni
Denis Simachev
Grisha Bruskin
Larisa Sergeeva
Olga Tolstikova
Slava Zaitsev
Victoria Gres
Alvina Shpady
References
External links
Moscow State Textile University Official Website
Educational institutions established in 1919
Moscow State Textile University
Textile schools
1919 establishments in Russia
Samo (English: Only) is the third studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2000.
Track listing
The album contains 8 new songs as well as 4 old songs added on as bonus tracks:
NEW SONGS
Samo (Only)
Sve što sam imala (Everything That I Had)
Zajedno do kraja (Together Until the End, featuring Jovan Mihaljica)
Sve se okreće (Everything Goes Around)
Svaka se greška plaća (Every Sin is Paid For)
Nek' ti se plače danima (Spend Your Days Crying, featuring Joza Boček)
Iza lažnog osmeha (Behind a Fake Smile)
Teško mi je, jer je ljubav mržnja postala (It's Difficult For Me, Because Love Has Turned into Hate)
OLD SONGS AS BONUS TRACKS
Moje srce ostariti ne sme (My Heart is Not Allowed to Age)
Prevareni (Deceived)
Ćiki, ćiki
Ni kriva ni dužna (Not Guilty, Not Obliged)
References
2000 albums
Stoja albums
Grand Production albums
Ralph Tewe was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1302. They were a merchant. They were MP for Leicester (UK Parliament constituency) in 1301.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
English MPs 1302
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
14th-century English people
English merchants
Anjali Monteiro is a documentary filmmaker, media educator and researcher who lives in Mumbai.  They are currently Professor and Dean at the School of Media and Cultural Studies, Tata Institute of Social Sciences. Jointly with K.P. Jayasankar, they have made around thirty-five documentary films on various subjects.
Biography
Anjali Monteiro was born in Pune, Maharashtra (on July 13). Them parents were Inocencio Gracias Monteiro, an army engineer and Sofia Cordeiro Monteiro, a school teacher, both from Goa. They completed their bachelor's degree in Psychology from Sophia College for Women, Bombay University in 1975 and their master's degree in Economics from Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics, Pune University in 1977. They completed their Ph.D. in Sociology from Goa University and the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, under the guidance of noted scholar Professor Ashis Nandy in 1994. They taught at the undergraduate level and then was involved in development communication work between 1979 and 1983 at the Xavier Institute of Communications, Mumbai. They married their colleague K.P. Jayasankar in 1989 and they have a daughter.
Teaching
Monteiro joined the Tata Institute of Social Sciences in 1983 and set up the Audio-Visual Unit, which is now the School of Media and Cultural Studies. Monteiro has been a visiting faculty at several media and design schools and Universities, in India and overseas, including University of California, Berkeley, University of Technology, Sydney, and Lahti Institute of Design, Finland, among others.
Research
Monteiro's doctoral work, entitled State, Subject and the Text: The Construction of Meaning in Television, supervised by Prof. Ashis Nandy, involved an ethnographic study of television audience reception in a working-class neighbourhood in Goa, in the late 1980s. They currently write in the broad area of media and cultural studies, with focus on documentary film, censorship, critical theory and issues of media representation.
Filmography
(Co-directed with K.P. Jayasankar)
Selected publications
2020 Anjali Monteiro, K.P. Jayasankar and Amit Rai, DigiNaka: Subaltern Politics and Digital Media in Post-Capitalist India, Orient Blackswan.
2018 Faiz Ullah, Anjali Monteiro and K.P. Jayasankar, DiverCity- Independent Documentary as an Alternate Narrative of the City, in Devasundaram, A.E. (ed) Indian Cinema Beyond Bollywood: The New Independent Cinema Revolution, Routledge
2016 K.P. Jayasankar and Anjali Monteiro, A Fly in The Curry: Independent Documentary in India, Sage, 2016. Won Special Mention 64th National Film Awards#Golden Lotus Award for best book on cinema category.
2012 Anjali Monteiro and K.P. Jayasankar, Resisting Censorship in India, East Asia Forum Quarterly, Vol 4, No. 1.
2010 Anjali Monteiro K.P. Jayasankar, A New Pair of Scissors- the Draft Cinematograph Bill, Economic and Political Weekly, July 17, 2010
2009 K.P. Jayasankar and Anjali Monteiro, Jai Ho Shanghai: The Invisible Poor in Slumdog Millionaire, in Kaldor, Mary et al. (eds) Global Civil Society Yearbook of the London School of Economics, Sage, London
2005 K.P. Jayasankar and Anjali Monteiro, Censorship ke Peeche Kya Hai, in Nalini Rajan (ed) Practising Journalism, Sage, London
2003 K.P. Jayasankar and Anjali Monteiro, The Plot Thickens – A Cultural Studies Approach to Media Education in India, in Tony Lavender, Birgitte Tufte and Dafna Lemish (eds.) Global Trends in Media Education, Hampton Press.
2001 K.P. Jayasankar and Anjali Monteiro, Documentary and Ethnographic Film, Elsevier Encyclopaedia of Social and Behavioural Sciences, Elsevier.
2000 K.P. Jayasankar and Anjali Monteiro, Between the Normal and the Imaginary – The Spectator-self, the Other and Satellite Television in India, in Hagen, I and Wasko, J.(eds) Consuming Audiences: Production and Reception in Media Research, Hampton Press.
1998 Anjali Monteiro, Official Television and Unofficial Fabrications of the Self: The Spectator as Subject in Nandy, Ashis (ed.), The Secret Politics of Our Desires, OUP.
1993 K.P. Jayasankar and Anjali Monteiro, The Spectator-Indian – An Exploratory Study of the Reception of News, Cultural Studies 10 (1).
Awards and recognition
2013- Jayasankar's film Saacha (The Loom), co-directed with Anjali Monteiro was a part of the installation, Project Space: Word. Sound. Power. Tate Modern, London, as well as at Kochi-Muziris Biennale.
2018 -Around 30 national and international awards to their films include Our Family.
2008- Certificate of Merit and Special Mention of the Jury, at MIFF.
2013- So Heddan So Hoddan won the Basil – Wright Award at RAI International Ethnographic Film Festival in
2019- A Delicate Weave, which received the Jury's commendation, Intangible culture film prize, 16th Royal Anthropological Institute Festival at Bristol, UK.
References
External links
https://indianculturalforum.in/2020/03/17/a-metropolis-of-contradictions-bombay-through-saacha/
https://indianculturalforum.in/2019/10/31/builders-of-your-grand-edifice-the-memories-of-narayan-surve/
https://indianculturalforum.in/authors/bharathy-singaravel-in-conversation-with-anjali-monteiro-and-kp-jayasankar/
Living people
People from Mumbai
Film directors from Mumbai
Indian documentary filmmakers
21st-century Indian film directors
Indian civil rights activists
20th-century Indian film directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
The men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 22 and 24 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 August
Heats
22 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 33 athletes from 21 countries participated in the event.
References
3000 metres steeplechasechase
Steeplechase at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Ponta do Lobo Lighthouse () is a lighthouse located near the headland named Ponta do Lobo, in the southeastern part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde. The lighthouse is located about 4 km east of the nearest village, Vale da Custa, and 11 km northeast of the capital Praia. The lighthouse was built in 1887 and is the island's second oldest. It is a 9 metres high trapezoidal tower, attached to a single storey keeper's house. Its class of light is Fl (4) W 15s., its focal height is at 17 meters above sea level and its range is .
See also
List of lighthouses in Cape Verde
References
External links
Photo of Ponta do Lobo's lighthouse
São Domingos Municipality, Cape Verde
Lighthouses in Cape Verde
Concerto Grosso for String Orchestra may refer to:
Handel concerti grossi Op.6, twelve 1739 works by George Frideric Handel
Concerto Grosso No. 1 (Bloch) or Concerto Grosso for string orchestra with piano obbligato, a 1925 work by Ernest Bloch
Concerto Grosso (Vaughan Williams), a 1950 work by Ralph Vaughan Williams
Palladio, suite from the 1996 album Diamond Music by Karl Jenkins
See also
Concerto grosso
Jeff Leal (born December 13, 1954) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. They were a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2003 to 2018 who represented the riding of Peterborough. They served in the cabinet of Kathleen Wynne.
Background
John Jeffrey Leal was born and raised in Peterborough. They attended Kenner Collegiate and has an Honours Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Political Science from Trent University (1978) and a degree in Business Administration from the University of Windsor (1981). Leal worked as executive assistant to Members of Provincial Parliament (MPPs) John Eakins and Larry South in the 1980s. They were a health and safety representative for Coyle Corrugated Containers.  They are married to Karan, an teacher and school principal, with two children, Braden and Shanae.
Politics
Municipal
They served on the Peterborough, Ontario City Council from 1985 to 2003, representing the Otonabee Ward. At City Hall they were appointed as Deputy Mayor (1993-2003) and chaired the social services committee after the 2000 municipal election. In July 2022, Leal announced their candidacy for mayor of Peterborough.
Provincial
Leal ran for provincial office in the 1999 provincial election as the Liberal candidate. They were narrowly defeated by Progressive Conservative incumbent Gary Stewart. They defeated Stewart by over six thousand votes in a 2003 rematch, amid a provincial shift to the Liberal Party. Leal was re-elected in 2007, 2011 and 2014.
During their time in government they have served as Parliamentary Assistant to several ministers including Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (2004), Ministry of Economic Development and Trade (2005), Ministry of Energy (2005), Ministry of the Environment (2006), and the Ministry of Aboriginal Affairs (2007–09). In February 2010, they were named the Chief Government Whip.
In February 2013, Premier Kathleen Wynne named Leal to Ontario's Cabinet, serving in the role as Minister of Rural Affairs.
Leal has helped secure over $400 million in funding for Peterborough, creating and preserving over 3,700 jobs with investments in infrastructure, transportation, businesses and health care. This included the creation of a new hospital, Peterborough Regional Health Centre, and funding following a damaging flood in 2004.
Leal has championed a number of issues through private member's bills, including retirement and income security measures. They introduced a private member's bill in 2008 to provide creditor protection for Registered Retirement Savings Plans (RRSPs). Two years later, they introduced a separate bill that would require companies with twenty or more employees to offer a savings or pension plan that all employees would automatically join (with the ability to opt out). The stated purpose of this bill, which was supported by the Canadian Life and Health Insurance Association, was to reduce the costs of such insurance plans compared with retail mutual funds.
In June 2014, Leal was appointed as the Minister of Agriculture and Food and Rural Affairs.
Cabinet positions
Electoral record
References
External links
1954 births
21st-century Canadian politicians
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Ontario
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
Peterborough, Ontario city councillors
Trent University alumni
University of Windsor alumni
Karajan may refer to:
Karajan (surname), a surname
Herbert von Karajan (1908–1989), an Austrian orchestra and opera conductor
Herbert von Karajan Music Prize, an annual music award
6973 Karajan, an asteroid
The West Coast Negro Baseball Association (WCNBA) was one of the several Negro baseball leagues created during the time organized baseball was segregated. The WCNBA was organized as a minor league in 1946 by Abe Saperstein and Jesse Owens as a means to provide the west coast with a platform for African-American players. The league lasted about three months.
League history
During World War II in the mid-1940s, the African American population grew as wartime jobs demanded workers to relocate to the shipyards and military institutions along the California, Oregon and Washington coasts. After the war ended in 1945, Eddie Harris and David P. Portlock began the process of organizing a Negro league in the area using the current minor league Pacific Coast League (PCL) stadiums while those teams were on the road. They reached out to Abe Saperstein to assist. Saperstein already owned a barnstorming team called the Cincinnati Crescents, which they moved to Seattle and renamed them the Seattle Steelheads. They knew Jesse Owens, the track and field athlete and four-time gold medalist, and asked them to join. Owens formed the Portland Rosebuds in Oregon. Saperstein was elected league president, Owens vice-president and Portlock secretary. A 110-game season was planned. However, the league survived for only about three months. Most teams played under 30 games and the league folded due to "poor attendance, a lack of financing, and difficulty in accessing ballparks." Seattle and Oakland continued the season playing local teams across the midwest.
League franchises
The league was to be made up of six teams in cities with PCL stadiums. Originally, a team was slated to play in Fresno, a non-PCL city. They moved their base of operations to San Diego, but did initially play at least one game in Fresno. Oakland far outpaced the rest of the league in the shortened season, with Seattle and San Francisco finishing above .500. San Diego, Portland and Los Angeles rounded out the standings.
External links
Baseball-Reference (Minors)
References
Negro baseball leagues
Defunct baseball leagues in the United States
African-American sports history
Sport leagues established in 1946
African-American history of Oregon
African-American history of California
African-American history of Washington (state)
Baseball leagues in California
Baseball leagues in Washington (state)
Baseball leagues in Oregon
Defunct minor baseball leagues in the United States
DYCT (102.3 FM) was a radio station owned and operated by the Philippine Broadcasting Service. Its studios were located at the Leyte Provincial Sports Complex, Sta. Cruz St., Tacloban.
Profile
The station began broadcasting in November 2013 as Radyo ng Bayan Tacloban of following the aftermath of Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda). It went off the air sometime in 2016. It is currently under the Department of Agriculture as an affiliate station. However, plans of reviving the station is put on hold due to stalled procurement process in the department and there is only one station in the Leyte province (87.7 MHz). Later on, it will revive but now at 94.3 MHz, the former frequency for MOR 94.3.
References
Radio stations in Tacloban
News and talk radio stations in the Philippines
Philippine Broadcasting Service
Radio stations established in 2013
Radio stations disestablished in 2016
Defunct radio stations in the Philippines
Bank Robber is a 1993 American crime film written and directed by Nick Mead in their directorial debut.
Plot
Billy (Dempsey), is a well dressed bank robber who decides to do one last heist so they can sail off to a tropical island with their girlfriend, Selina (d'Abo). On their last robbery, they forget to destroy a surveillance camera. They then must hide out in the Heartbreak Hotel until they can get out of trouble.
Cast
Critical reception
Stephen Holden of The New York Times gave it a mixed to negative review:
References
External links
1993 films
1990s English-language films
1993 crime films
Films scored by Stewart Copeland
1993 directorial debut films
American crime films
1990s American films
The 11th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
Companies A, C, D, and F of the 11th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment were organized at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, in July 1862. The remainder of the regiment was organized in Louisville, Kentucky, and mustered in on September 26, 1862, and mustered in for three years under the command of Colonel Alexander W. Holeman.
The regiment was attached to District of Western Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to June 1863. 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, XXIII Corps, Department of the Ohio, to August 1863. Independent Cavalry Brigade, XXIII Corps, to November 1863. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Ohio, to April 1864. 3rd Brigade, Cavalry Division, District of Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to May 1864. Independent Brigade, Cavalry Division, XXIII Corps, to September 1864. Military District of Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to March 1865. 2nd Brigade, Cavalry Division, District of East Tennessee, Department of the Cumberland, to July 1865.
The 11th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service on July 17, 1865.
Detailed service
Companies A, C, D, and F moved to Frankfort, Kentucky, July 22, 1862, then to Louisville, Kentucky, and joined regiment. Regiment moved to Frankfort, Kentucky, November 1862. Duty there and at Bowling Green, Scottsville, and Gallatin, Tennessee, until December 25, 1862. Hartsville, Tennessee, December 7 (Company E). Moved to Glasgow, Kentucky, December 25, and duty there and at various points in western Kentucky until August 1863. Action at Creelsburg, Kentucky, April 19. Expedition to Monticello and operations in southeast Kentucky April 26 – May 12. Scottsville June 11. Pursuit of Morgan July 2–26. Buffington Island, Ohio, July 19. New Lisbon, Ohio, July 26. Burnside's Campaign in eastern Tennessee August 16 – October 17. Calhoun and Charleston September 25. Philadelphia October 20. Knoxville Campaign November 4 – December 23. Maryeville November 14. Little River November 14–15. Stock Creek November 15. Near Loudon November 15. Near Knoxville November 16. Siege of Knoxville November 17 – December 5. About Bean's Station December 9–13. Operations about Dandridge January 16–17, 1864. Bend of Chucky Road near Dandridge January 16. Dandridge January 17. Flat and Muddy Creeks January 26. Near Fair Garden January 27. French Broad January 28. Moved to Mt. Sterling, Kentucky, February 3–12, and duty there until April. March from Nicholasville, Kentucky, to Dalton, Georgia, April 29 – May 11. Atlanta Campaign May to August. Varnell Station May 11. Demonstration on Dalton May 11–13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Operations online Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 25 – June 5. Burnt Church May 26–27. Mt. Zion Church May 27–28. Allatoona May 30. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10 – July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cheyney's Farm June 22. Olley's Creek June 26–27. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. online of Nickajack Creek July 2–5. online of Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Siege of Atlanta July 22 – August 25. Stoneman's Raid to Macon July 27 – August 6. Macon and Clinton July 30. Sunshine Church July 30–31. Ordered to Kentucky August 31, and operating against guerrillas in Green River counties until September. Burbridge's Expedition into southwest Virginia September 20 – October 17. Saltsville, Virginia, October 2. Sandy Mountain October 3. Stoneman's Raid into southwest Virginia December 10–29. Bristol December 14. Abington, Virginia, December 15. Marion, Va., December 16. Near Marion December 17–18. Capture of Saltville, Virginia, December 20–21. Jonesboro December 23. Clinch River December 24. At Lexington, Kentucky, until February 1865. Moved to Louisville, then to Knoxville, Tennessee, February 27 – March 9, and to Strawberry Plains March 15. Stoneman's Raid into southwest Virginia and western North Carolina March 21 – April 25. 1865. Statesville, North Carolina, April 10–11. Shallow Ford, North Carolina, April 11. Salisbury April 12. Catawba River near Morgantown April 17. Howard's Gap, Blue Ridge, April 22. Hendersonville April 23. Asheville April 25. Moved to Atlanta, Georgia, then to Louisa, Kentucky.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 262 men during service; 1 officer and 23 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 2 officers and 236 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Alexander W. Holeman
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
External links
Alphabetical roster of the 11th Kentucky Cavalry taken from Thomas Speed's Union Regiments of Kentucky
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1862 establishments in Kentucky
Israel Sarug Ashkenazi (also "Saruk" or "Srugo") (16th century; 1590–1610) was a pupil of Isaac Luria, and devoted themselves at the death of their master to the propagation of the latter's Kabbalistic system, for which they gained many adherents in various parts of Italy. Among these the most prominent were Menahem Azariah da Fano, whom they persuaded to spend large sums of money in the acquisition of Luria's manuscripts, and Aaron Berechiah of Modena, author of the Ma'abar Yabboḳ (Ma'abar Yabboḳ, Ḳorban Ta'anit, i.). Sarug lectured also in various places in Germany and in Amsterdam. In the latter city one of their disciples was Abraham de Herrera.
Sarug was the author of:
A Kabbalistic essay entitled Ḳabbalah, published in the Maẓref la-Ḥokmah of Joseph Delmedigo (Basel, 1629)
Hanhagot Yosher, or Tiḳḳun Ḳeri, or Ḳeri Miḳra (Salonica, 1752), hodegetics to asceticism
Ḳonṭres Ne'im Zemirot Yisrael, a Kabbalistic commentary on three of Luria's piyyutim for Sabbath
References
Its bibliography:
Steinschneider, Cat. Bodl. col. 1173;
Grätz, Gesch. x. 420;
Fuenn, Keneset Yisrael, p. 700.
External links
Notes on the Study of Later Kabbalah in English: The Safed Period & Lurianic Kabbalah
Which Lurianic Kabbalah?
Kabbalists
16th-century rabbis of the Ottoman Empire
Isaac Luria
The tantalus monkey (Chlorocebus tantalus) is an Old World monkey from Africa that ranges from Ghana to Sudan. It was originally described as a subspecies of the grivet (Chlorocebus aethiops). All species in Chlorocebus were formerly in the genus Cercopithecus. It is a common species with a wide range, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
This species has three recognized subspecies:
C. t. tantalus
C. t. budgetti
C. t. marrensis
Description
A medium-sized species, the tantalus monkey has a black face and a long tail. There is a distinctive undulating white or yellowish browband above the eyes. The cheeks and temples are white, the long hairs being swept backwards and often covering the ears in older individuals. The crown and dorsal surface of the body is grizzled and greenish or golden. The underparts are white and the tail and outer surfaces of the limbs grey. The tail may have a whitish tip. The male is larger than the female and has a bright blue scrotum surrounded by orange hairs.
Distribution and habitat
This monkey is found in tropical central Africa. Its native range includes Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ghana, Kenya, Niger, Nigeria, South Sudan, Sudan, Togo and Uganda. It is an adaptable species able to inhabit open woodland, savannah, forest-grassland mosaic and riverside forest. It is at home in secondary forest and rural and urban locations.
Ecology
Tantalus monkeys live in troops averaging about thirty individuals, with up to ten adult males and eighteen adult females, and varying numbers of juveniles and young. Some adult males move about singly. There is a social hierarchy within the group. These monkeys are demi-terrestrial and spend much of their time on the ground. The troop maintains a territory, defending it with vocalizations and threats, but some groups are less aggressive than others and share part of their territory with a neighbouring troop. Breeding takes place at different times of year in different parts of the range. A single offspring is the norm, with females giving birth for the first time when about five years old.
References
tantalus monkey
Mammals of West Africa
Fauna of Central Africa
Mammals of the Central African Republic
Mammals of Chad
Mammals of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Mammals of Kenya
Mammals of Cameroon
Mammals of South Sudan
Mammals of Sudan
Mammals of Uganda
tantalus monkey
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Burwood on 16 February 1957 because of the death of Leslie Parr ().
Dates
Result
Leslie Parr () died.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Burwood (New South Wales)
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1957 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1950s in New South Wales
The following is a list of political families in Fiji.
List
NOTE: Most of Fiji's political families listed below are, in fact, related by ancestry or by marriage. The Nailatikau family is a subset of the Cakobau family; both are connected by marriage - and by ancestral ties - with the Mara and Ganilau families. Tracing family relationships in Fiji are complicated by the fact that many prominent Fijians do not use family names).The Bavadra Family (husband-wife)
Timoci Bavadra - Prime Minister of Fiji (1987)
Adi Kuini Speed (widow of Timoci Bavadra; Cabinet Minister (1999-2000)
Descendants of Seru Epenisa Cakobau Cakobau was the Fijian monarch who unified the nation in 1871, and ceded it to Britain in 1874. Many twentieth-century politicians are direct descendants of his.''
Great-grandchildren:
Ratu Sir Edward Cakobau - Military commander, Deputy Prime Minister (1970s).
Ratu Sir George Cakobau - Governor-General of Fiji (1973-1983)
Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara (founding father; Prime Minister 1967-1992; President 1993-2000).
Ro Lady Lala Mara (2nd cousin and wife of Ratu Sir Kamisese; co-founder of the Soqosoqo ni Vakavulewa ni Taukei); maternal great-granddaughter.
Ratu Sir Lala Sukuna (1888-1958 - Fiji's first modern statesman. Soldier, scholar, statesman; Paramount Chief; first indigenous Fijian Speaker of Fiji's Legislative Council (1950s). Maternal great-grandson.
Ro Teimumu Vuikaba Kepa (née Tuisaiwau) (maternal great-granddaughter; sister of Ro Lady Lala Mara) - Minister of Education (2001-2006); Member of Parliament and leader of the Social Democratic Liberal Party (2014–present).
Great-great-grandchildren
Ratu Epeli Nailatikau (soldier, diplomat, President of Fiji (2009 — present); previously Deputy Prime Minister (2000-2001), Speaker of the House of Representatives (2001-2006); Minister of Foreign Affairs (2007 - 2008); son of Ratu Sir Edward Cakobau
Ratu Tu'uakitau Cokanauto - son of Ratu Sir Edward Cakobau (q.v.), brother of Ratu Epeli Nailatikau (q.v.); Cabinet Minister (2000 - 2001).
Ratu Alifereti Finau Mara (son of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara (q.v.); soldier, leader of the Fijian Association Party and cabinet minister (1990s); Fijian Ambassador to the United Nations).
Adi Koila Mara Nailatikau (daughter of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara (q.v.) and wife of Ratu Epeli Nailatikau; diplomat, cabinet minister (1999-2000), and Senator (2001-2006)
Ratu George Cakobau - Senator (2001-2006); son of Ratu Sir George Cakobau (q.v.)
Adi Litia Cakobau - Senator (2001-2006) and former Cabinet Minister; daughter of Ratu Sir George Cakobau (q.v.)
Adi Samanunu Cakobau-Talakuli - Senator and Cabinet Minister (2006–present) and former High Commissioner to Malaysia; daughter of Ratu Sir George Cakobau (q.v.)
Great-great-great grandchildren
Adi Kuini Speed; widow of Timoci Bavadra (q.v.); Cabinet Minister (1999-2000) (also listed under Bavadra family)
Sixth-generation descendants
Roko Tupou Draunidalo; daughter of Adi Kuini Speed (q.v.); Member of Parliament and President of the National Federation Party.
The Ganilau Family
Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau - first President of Fiji (1987-1992); maternal great-grandson of Seru Epenisa Cakobau.
Ratu Epeli Ganilau - son of Ratu Sir Penaia; husband of Adi Ateca Mara (daughter of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara); soldier, co-founder of the Christian Democratic Alliance (1998), Chairman, Great Council of Chiefs (2001-2004), founder of the National Alliance Party (2005).
Bernadette Rounds Ganilau - wife of Ratu Rabici Ganilau (son of Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau); United Peoples Party parliamentarian (2006).
The Khaiyum Family (son - father - father-in-law)
Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum - Attorney General
Sayed Abdul Khaiyum - Member of Parliament
Viliame Gavoka - Member of Parliament
The Patel Family 1 (brothers)
A. D. Patel - founder of the National Federation Party
R. D. Patel - Speaker of the House of Representatives
The Patel Family 2 (brothers)
Navin Patel - Member of House of Representatives 1977 - 1987
Vinod Patel - Member of House of Representatives 1994 - 1999
The Speight Family (father-sons)
Sam Speight - Cabinet Minister (1990s)
George Speight - coup leader
Samisoni Tikoinasau - Member of Parliament
The Singh Family 1 (brothers-son)
Parmanand Singh - Younger brother - one of the first Indo-Fijian members of the Legislative Council
Chattur Singh - Elder brother - member of Legislative Council
Anand Singh - Parmanand's son - member of House of Representatives and Senate
The Singh Family 2 (half-brothers - nephew)
James Shankar Singh - elder half-brother of Uday - Alliance Minister, later joined the National Federation Party
Uday Singh - younger half-brother of James - Alliance Party, one term member of Parliament
Vijay R. Singh- Nephew of the brothers - Alliance Minister, later joined the National Federation Party
The Lakshman Family (father - son - grandson)
B. D. Lakshman -Member of Legislative Council 1940-1944 and 1959-1963
Prince Gopal Lakshman - son of B.D. Lakshman - Member of House of Representatives 1999-2006
Chaitanya Lakshman - grandson of B D Lakshman - Member of House of Representatives in 2006 and member of multi-party cabinet
The Maharaj Family (father - son)
James Ramchandar Maharaj - Member of Legislative Council of Fiji in 1929.
Navin Maharaj son of James Ramchandar Maharaj - Member of House of Representatives 1987
The Madhavan Family (father - son)
James Madhavan - member of the Legislative Council of Fiji from 1947 to 1972
Shiromaniam Madhavan - son of James was member of the House of Representatives of Fiji from 1992 to 1994.
Fiji
Politics of Fiji
Families
Fiji
The Indiana University Archives of African American Music and Culture (AAAMC), established in 1991, is a material repository covering a range of African American musical idioms and cultural expressions from the post-World War II era. The collections highlight popular, religious, and classical music, with genres ranging from blues and gospel to R&B and contemporary hip hop. The AAAMC also houses extensive materials related to the documentation of Black radio.
The purpose of the Archives of African American Music and Culture is to establish a
unique primary and secondary source material collection of African-American music and
culture where such materials are scarce or nonexistent, and to preserve and disseminate these materials
for research and instructional purposes. In doing so, its mission is to provide these materials to the general public through outreach
programs such as live performances, exhibitions, seminars, workshops, and summer music
camps and to engage in collaborative research and creative projects with units at Indiana University as
well as with state and national institutions and associations. In addition, AAAMC develops instructional multi-media
materials such as websites, CD-ROM programs, and video documentaries related to various
aspects of African American music and provides practical experience in archiving and
preparation of materials for public use.
The AAAMC supports the research of scholars, students, and the general public worldwide by providing access to holdings which include oral histories, photographs, musical and print manuscripts, audio and video recordings, educational broadcast programs, and the personal papers of individuals and organizations concerned with Black music. The repository also encourages exploration of its collections and related topics through a variety of public events, print and online publications, and pedagogical resources.
Directors
Radio Repository
Black-appeal stations
Donated material
Disc Jockeys
Black Radio: Telling It Like It Was
Ed Castleberry Collection
Jocko Henderson Collection
Jack Gibson collection
Portia K. Maultsby Collection
Skipper Lee Frazier Collection
Genres
Special Collections
General Collections
Black Radio
Classical
Hip Hop
Music Industry
Popular Music
Religious Music
Online Access
Digital Exhibits
Publications
Liner Notes
Liner Notes is AAAMC's annual newsletter. Issues are available online at Liner Notes
Black Grooves
Black Grooves is a monthly music review site hosted by the Archives of African American Music and Culture. Issues are available online at Black Grooves
See also
List of Oral History Repositories
List of open-air and living history museums in the United States
https://www.routledge.com/African-American-Music-An-Introduction-2nd-Edition/Burnim-Maultsby/p/book/9780415881814
://blackgrooves.org/
List of ethnomusicology archives in the US
List of Archives of African American History by State
References
Further reading
Black Radio in Los Angeles, Chicago & New York A Bibliography, Dr George Hill APR & JJ Johnson with foreword by Jack Gibson
1991 establishments in Indiana
Museums established in 1991
African-American museums in Indiana
African-American arts organizations
African-American culture
Black studies organizations
Bloomington, Indiana
Photo archives in the United States
Special collections libraries in the United States
Arts organizations based in Indiana
Charles Douglas Symons, CB, MC (13 October 1885 – 15 October 1949) was an Anglican priest.
Early life and education
They were born on 13 October 1885 and was educated at Kelly College, now known as Mount Kelly, Tavistock and Trinity College, Cambridge. They graduated from the University of Cambridge with a second class Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree; as per tradition, this was later promoted to a Master of Arts (MA (Cantab)) degree. They awarded a Lambeth Doctor of Divinity (DD) degree in 1939.
Ordained ministry
Symons was ordained a deacon in 1908. Their first post was as chaplain to Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School in Cranbrook, Kent. They were ordained a priest by Randall Davidson, the Archbishop of Canterbury, on Trinity Sunday 1911. They undertook two curacies; at Biddenden and at Walmer in the Diocese of Canterbury.
Symons served in the ranks of the Royal Army Medical Corps from 1915 to 1916. They served with the Royal Army Chaplains Department from 1916 to 1944. From 1939 to 1944, they served as Chaplain-General to the Forces.
An Honorary Chaplain to the King and a Chaplain of the Order of St John of Jerusalem, they died on 15 October 1949.
References
1885 births
People educated at Kelly College
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
20th-century English Anglican priests
Recipients of the Military Cross
Chaplains General to the Forces
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Honorary Chaplains to the King
1949 deaths
World War I chaplains
World War II chaplains
British Army personnel of World War I
British Army personnel of World War II
War Office personnel in World War II
Shek Lau Po () is a village in Tung Chung on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Shek Lau Po is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Shek Lau Po (Tung Chung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tung Chung
Giuseppe Chiaretti (19 April 1933 – 2 December 2021) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. They were archbishop of Perugia–Città della Pieve (1995–2009).
Chiaretti was ordained a priest on 8 December 1955. From 1983 to 1986, they were bishop of Ripatransone-San Benedetto del Tronto and of Montalto. In 1986, both Dioceses were united to the Diocese of San Benedetto del Tronto-Ripatransone-Montalto. On 9 December 1995, Chiaretti was appointed archbishop of Perugia-Città della Pieve. They held this post until their retirement on 16 July 2009.
References
External links
"Giuseppe Chiaretti" Catholic-Hierarchy.org. David M. Cheney. Retrieved December 4, 2021.
1933 births
2021 deaths
Italian Roman Catholic clergy
Bishops in Umbria
Roman Catholic archbishops in Italy
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
People from the Province of Rieti
Bozyaka is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Sierra Norte de Sevilla or Sierra Norte (Northern Range) is one of the western mountain ranges of the Sierra Morena, Andalusia, Spain. Its name derives from its location at the northern part of Sevilla Province. The highest point of the range is the 960 m high Cerro de La Capitana.
This range gives its name to an administrative comarca in the region, the Sierra Norte Comarca, as well as to the wine of the area, the Vino de la Tierra Sierra Norte de Sevilla.
Description
The Sierra Norte is not very high and its mountains have generally a rounded shape except for the occasional karstic crags. 962 m high Cerro de La Capitana is the highest point of the range. The Odiel and Murtigas are the main rivers in the area of the range.
The Sierra Norte is properly a massif that includes the subranges of Sierra del Agua, the highest point 910 m high Pico Hamapega, the Sierra de La Grana at the edge of the Plains of Guadalcanal, and the Sierra de San Miguel.
The climate is less humid than in the Sierra de Aracena further west. Holm oaks are more common, growing in clarified forests where there are also large clearings, known locally as dehesas. These are characteristic of the Sierra Morena landscape and are traditional pasture zones for cattle and pigs.
Also typical are the gallery forests shading the rivers of the range that provide a home to birds such as the Spanish imperial eagle, the cinereous vulture and the black stork.
Cerro del Hierro (iron hillock) is an interesting karstic site within the range which has been declared a natural monument.
Geology
The geological structure of the Sierra Norte is quite complex. It includes terrain similar to the geology of the Appalachians, together with granitic terrain, tabular sheet intrusions, as well as karstic and pure shear.
Protected areas
The Sierra Norte de Sevilla Natural Park is a protected area with natural park status located in the Sierra Norte range.
See also
Dehesa (pastoral management)
Geography of Spain
Geology of the Iberian Peninsula
References
External links
GDR Sierra Morena Sevillana
Sierra Norte de Sevilla, Guia del Parque
Sierra Morena
Geography of the Province of Seville
Mountain ranges of Andalusia
Ken Ugwu Nnamani (born 2 November 1948) is a Nigerian politician who was President of the Senate of Nigeria from 2005 to 2007. A member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP), they were elected to the Senate from Enugu East Senatorial District of Enugu State in 2003 and served in the Senate until 2007.
Background
Ken Nnamani was born on November 2, 1948 in Enugu.
They hold both BBA and MBA degrees from the Ohio University in Athens, Ohio and has worked for Du Pont De Nemours International and Geneva and Nova Chemicals International as marketing executive and later as a consultant. They were the principal consultant, Maredec Limited.
Senate career
Ken Nnamani was elected to the Senate for Enugu East in 2003.
They were appointed Chairman of the Committee on Federal Character & Governmental Affairs and member of Committees on Privatization, Federal Capital Territory and Appropriation & Finance.
They became President of the Senate of Nigeria from April 5, 2005 to 2007, taking this post after Adolphus Wabara resigned due to allegations of corruption.
Speaking in August 2006, Nnamani said "In a multicultural and multi-religious country like Nigeria credible elections provide platforms for different constituents of the republic to continue to collaborate to promote the good of all. The 2007 election is arguably the most important election in Nigeria ... The 2007 elections in Nigeria hold the key to entrenching democracy in Nigeria."
Later career
On 6 May 2008, the Ken Nnamani Centre for Leadership and Development was launched in Abuja. The goal of the centre is facilitating qualititative and transformative leadership and development in Africa.
In a June 2009 interview, Ken Nnamani expressed concerns about progress towards full democracy in Nigeria. They said "History tells us that there has never been a consolidated democracy without a robust and large middle class. Nigeria does not have a middle class and it is therefore no surprise that our democracy is weak and reversible."
Awards and Recognition
On December 7, 2007, Senator Ken Nnamani received the Role Model Award in the Fight Against Corruption conferred on them by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in conjunction with the Code of Conduct Bureau, Independent Corrupt Practices and Related Offences Commission (ICPC).
On November 12, 2007, the New York-based Parliamentarians For Global Action (PGA) bestowed on them the 2007 Defender of Democracy Award, making them the first Nigerian to receive the coveted award.
References
1948 births
Living people
Presidents of the Senate (Nigeria)
Ohio University alumni
Peoples Democratic Party members of the Senate (Nigeria)
21st-century Nigerian politicians
Jasmeet Singh Raina (born November 4, 1989), professionally known as Jus Reign, is a Canadian comedian and music artist of Indian descent.  They are most prominently known as a YouTube personality, and one of Many Digital Studios' original creators.
Early life
Jasmeet Singh Raina was raised in Guelph, Ontario, Canada into an immigrant Indian Kashmiri Sikh family. When they were 5 years old, their father started paying a maestro to teach Jasmeet and their younger brother, Anmol, in Indian classical music. Jasmeet played the Tabla. They started to dislike playing it and as they have stated in their "Draw My Life" on YouTube, they argued with their teacher to the point where they got a tabla thrown at their face. They studied at the University of Guelph, where they originally studied to become a doctor to appease their parents' wishes. Eventually, the sketches Raina was creating on the side went viral and their parents accepted that their son had found success and have since been supportive of their YouTube career.
Career
Singh's upbringing and their Indian roots have provided material for their viral videos (his most popular being THE SWAG SONG). Most of their work contains pop culture parodies, while others provide commentary on race and their struggles with racism.
While attending the University of Guelph, Singh first met Rupan Bal and invited them to be in their YouTube video 'A-1 Shopping Cart Driving School'. Singh was impressed by Bal's natural comedic skills and decided to incorporate Bal further into their YouTube videos, creating the fictional character of Jus Reign's stereotypical Indian mother. The two worked together in a number of YouTube videos and later co-starred together in the Punjabi film 22g Tussi Ghaint Ho. This was Singh's only acting credit in the Punjabi film industry.
Singh is also one of Many Digital Studios' original creators, among a roster of various other online influencers.
In 2015, they were the red carpet correspondent for the Much Music Video Awards. Singh also starred in the web series Dhaliwal '15 where they played Bobby Dhaliwal, the first candidate of colour to run for prime minister in the 2015 Canadian federal election. The series was created and directed by Canadian filmmaker Amita Zamaan.
In June 2016 Raina was featured as a guest writer in 24 Hours Toronto's daily city snapshot "The Six in Toronto", highlighting hot spots to eat and hang out in Toronto. In summer 2016 Raina was included in The Bay St. Bull's "Power 50" list of most influential Canadians for their entrepreneurial skills and online notoriety. On June 19, 2016, they co-hosted the iHeartRadio Much Music Video Awards red carpet, speaking to stars like Shemar Moore and Tyler Posey.
In 2016, Raina was featured in Playback Magazine's Top 5 to Watch. Also in 2016, they had co-hosted the Scotiabank Giller Prize.
Jus Reign made an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, in a creator edition of the show's Mean Tweets segment in June 2016.
In 2017, they and fellow comedian Wahlid Mohammad had started a podcast called Just 2 Boyz.
In December 2018, Raina took an indefinite hiatus from social media, including YouTube. Reasons for their departure are unknown.
In October 2019, Raina (along with other Canadian actors) starred in an interactive web-documentary by the National Film Board of Canada called Supreme Law. Raina plays the role of former Canadian Prime Minister, Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
In 2020, it was announced that Late Bloomer, a comedy series produced by fellow Indo-Canadian comedian Russell Peters, about Raina's rise to fame, was in development for CBC Television.
Personal life
Raina has developed a strong connection with their Sikh heritage, during their visits to Punjab, India with their family and friends (as they portray in their videos).
Turban controversy
On February 22, 2016, Raina was forced to remove their Turban at San Francisco International Airport, an hour before boarding a flight to Toronto. Raina, who has a Sikh background, wears a turban for religious reasons. After being told to either remove their turban or book another flight, Raina complied, removing their turban in a private room.
After completing the security check, Raina asked if security officials could provide them with a mirror so they could re-tie their turban in private. But TSA agents refused, suggesting they walk across the terminal to a public restroom — their head still uncovered — and use a mirror there. Raina noted the experience was an embarrassing and sensitive ordeal, and that a simple fix, like adding a mirror to the private screening area or providing them with a handheld mirror, would have been more respectful.
The incident led to backlash on Twitter and garnered international headlines in Cosmopolitan India, Seventeen, New York Daily News, and BBC Asia. While a TSA spokesperson made a statement explaining the screening processes for religious garments, they did not apologize directly for the incident with Raina. After the incident, Raina took their frustration over the issue over social media, which sparked a media outrage over TSA racial profiling in general.
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
Awards and nominations
See also
South Asian Canadians in the Greater Toronto Area
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Kashmiri people
Canadian people of Indian descent
Canadian people of Kashmiri descent
Canadian Sikhs
People from Guelph
Comedians from Ontario
Canadian male comedians
Canadian musicians of Indian descent
Canadian YouTubers
Video bloggers
Male bloggers
Canadian male YouTubers
Sales management is a business discipline which is focused on the practical application of sales techniques and the management of a firm's sales operations. It is an important business function as net sales through the sale of products and services and resulting profit drive most commercial business. These are also typically the goals and performance indicators of sales management.
Sales manager is the typical title of someone whose role is sales management. The role typically involves talent development.
Churchil mentioned that the antecedents of sales performance are based on the meta-analysis for the period 1918- 1982 (76 years of previous research work). They suggested five factors that influence a salesperson's job behaviour and performance along with different categories like skill level, role perceptions, motivation, aptitude, personal factors, and organizational factors with three moderators.
Sales planning
Sales planning involves strategy, setting profit-based sales targets, quotas, sales forecasting, demand management and the execution of a sales plan.
A sales plan is a strategic document that outlines the business targets, resources and sales activities. It typically follows the lead of the marketing plan, strategic planning and the business plan with more specific detail on how the objectives can be achieved through the actual sale of products and services. Sales is a recurring and periodical process (maybe 'daily'), hence, this can not be called as a project. Sales is a process and ideally a periodical activity.
Recruitment of sales staff
The three recruitment tasks used in sales management are job analysis; job description and job qualifications.
Job analysis is performed to specify the certain tasks that a salesperson is responsible for on a daily basis. It should identify what activities are deemed as being vital to the success of the company. Any person associated with the sales organization or the human resources department could carry out the analysis, or it could be done by an outside specialist (Spiro, pp. 134-137). The person that is responsible for completing a job analysis should have an in-depth comprehension of the daily activities of the salespeople.
This job analysis is then written in an explicit manner as a job description. The general information consists of:
Title of job
Organizational relationship
Types of products and services sold
Types of customers called on
Duties and responsibilities related to the job
Job demands.
An effective job description will identify compensation plans, size of workload, and the salespeople's duties. It is also primarily responsible for hiring tools such as application forms and psychological tests.
The most difficult part of this process is the determination of job qualifications. A reason for this difficulty is because hiring affects a company's competitive advantage in the market as well as the amount of revenue. Additionally, there should be a set of hiring attributes that is associated with each sales job that is within a company. If an individual does not excel in their assigned territory, it could be due to external factors relating to that person's environment.
A company should be careful not to submit to discrimination in regards to employment. A number of qualifications (ethnic background, age, etc.) can not be used in the selection process of hiring.
Sales reporting
The sales reporting includes the key performance indicators of the sales force.
The Key Performance Indicators indicate whether or not the sales process is being operated effectively and achieves the results as set forth in sales planning. It should enable the sales managers to take timely corrective action deviate from projected values. It also allows senior management to evaluate the sales manager.
More "results related" than "process related" are information regarding the sales funnel and the hit rate.
Sales reporting can provide metrics for sales management compensation. Rewarding the best managers without accurate and reliable sales reports is not objective.
Also, sales reports are made for internal use for top management. If other divisions' compensation plan depends on final results, it is needed to present results of sales department's work to other departments.
Finally, sales reports are required for investors, partners and government, so the sales management system should have advanced reporting capabilities to satisfy the needs of different stakeholders.
See also
Economy
Good (economics)
Marketing
Merchandise
Personal selling
Promotional mix
Sales
Sales operations
Sales force management
References
Business terms
Promotion and marketing communications
Retail processes and techniques
Sales
"What It Takes" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Adam Gregory. It is the second single from Crazy Days, their first album to be released in the United States. The song has reached top 40 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in the United States.
Chart positions
References
2008 singles
Adam Gregory songs
Songs written by Lee Brice
Songs written by Kyle Jacobs (songwriter)
Big Machine Records singles
Midas Records Nashville singles
Music videos directed by Roman White
Songs written by Joe Leathers
2008 songs
David "Coondog" O'Karma is a competitive eating champion, entertainer, and writer from Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. They were formerly a member of the IFOCE, but is now the director of a Competitive Eating organization called the Association of Independent Competitive Eaters (AICE).
Competitive eating
They started competitive eating at age 15 in Cuyahoga Falls, at Church's Chicken on Portage Trail. They ate 13 sweet potato pies in one minute to become the WCUE Sweet Potato Pie-eating Champion. From there they entered the Hoolihan and Big Chuck Show's Pizza Fight of the Century and became the only other person (besides Robert "Wild Mouth" Tilk) to defeat champion eater Mariano "Mushmouth" Pacetti.
On July 4, 1974, Coondog set their first world record by eating 45 hard-boiled eggs in 8 minutes and 10 seconds, becoming the WCUE Egg-Sucking Champion. Later that summer, at the Cuyahoga Falls Kid's Carnival.
In 2001, Coondog O'Karma came out of a self-imposed retirement of 27 years to win the Nathan's Famous Middletown, New York regional hotdog eating contest, qualifying them for the Nathan's Famous Coney Island 4th of July Hotdog Eating Contest in Coney Island where they finished in 7th with 17 hotdogs.
Over the course of their career, they have held world records in doughnut, hard-boiled egg and corn on the cob consumption. In addition to American events, Coondog has also traveled to Japan for a Sushi eating competition and to meet with Takeru Kobayashi. They have been ranked as high as 14th in the world by the IFOCE.
In addition to these successes, however, there have been letdowns in their career. They were disqualified from the 2002 Wing Bowl after vomiting. They had eaten over 100 wings by that point. They eventually retired from Competitive Eating due to their family's concerns about its effect on their health.
In April 2006 Jason Fagone's book on competitive eating, Horsemen of the Esophagus, featured Coondog as one of three competitive eaters profiled in the book.
Writing
In addition to competitive eating, Coondog writes poetry and essays. In April 2004 Coondog published their first volume of poetry under the title "Wit and Whimsy of a White Trash Jesus." Several of their writings have won awards, including the Ohio Excellence in Journalism Awards first place in the Open Essay category.
Event promotion
In August 2006 Coondog co-hosted the National Hamburger Festival in Akron, Ohio. The festival was held to honor local food innovators Frank and Charles Menches, who claimed to have invented the hamburger in 1885. The festival included a hamburger eating contest, which O'Karma won.
In 2002 they left the IFOCE after conflicts occurred with its owner, George Shea. They disagreed with IFOCE management regarding several issues, including concerns about the health and pay of competitive eaters. They later joined forces with a smaller competitive eating league, the Association of Independent Competitive Eaters (AICE), which was established by their friend eater Arnie "Chowhound" Chapman. They now serves as the Director of Operations for the AICE.
Personal life
Coondog was born in Akron, Ohio, and was raised in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. They attended Kent State High School, where they were a varsity swimmer. Coondog later attended Kent State University and has worked as a painter and construction contractor.  They are married with two children.
References
External links
Association of Independent Competitive Eaters
Transcript of Food TV's Unwrapped segment on the Denny's 96er burger
ESPN article on International Hot Dog Eating Contest
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American competitive eaters
People from Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
Mursal, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Helen Carr is a journalist and emeritus professor of English and comparative literature at Goldsmiths, University of London. Them book on the imagist movement was described by Ian Sansom in The Guardian as "the most comprehensive book on the subject ever written."
Selected publications
Inventing the American Primitive: Politics, Gender and the Representation of Native American Literary Traditions, 1789–1936 (1996)
The Verse Revolutionaries: Ezra Pound, H.D. and The Imagists (2009)
Jean Rhys (2011)
References
External links
'Intemperate and Unchaste': Jean Rhys and Caribbean Creole Identity
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Academics of Goldsmiths, University of London
British academics of English literature
British women journalists
British women academics
More than two hundred and forty municipalities in the Canadian province of Quebec held mayoral and council elections on November 1, 1998.
Results
Montreal
Montréal-Nord
Sherbrooke
Bromont
Robert Desourdy is the son of Rolland Desourdy, who served as mayor of Cowansville for nineteen years and founded Bromont as a "model town" in the early 1960s. Rolland's brother, Germain Desourdy, also served a mayor Bromont in the 1970s. In the 1980s, the younger Desourdy oversaw family interests such as a ski resort and golf course. They served as mayor of Bromont from 1996 until 1998, when they were defeated by Pauline Quinlan. They sought to return to council in a May 2001 by-election, but was defeated. Desourdy later announced that they would seek the mayoralty again in 2005, but they ultimately chose not to file their nomination papers.
Cowansville
Jacques Charbonneau served as mayor of Cowansville from 1986 until 1998, when they lost to Arthur Fauteux. They also sought the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada nomination for Brome—Missisquoi prior to the 1993 federal election, without success. After leaving the mayoralty, they became a board member of Memphremagog Conservation Incorporated. Charbonneau is the father of Bromont politician Patrick Charbonneau and football player Steve Charbonneau.
Magog
Newspaper coverage indicates that the contest was close, with Poulin winning by about one hundred votes.
Source for election results: "Quebec election results stay true to polls," Montreal Gazette, 3 November 1998, A8.
References
1998 elections in Canada
1998
1998 in Quebec
The 2022 season is the Tennessee Titans' 53rd in the National Football League (NFL), their 63rd overall, their 26th in the state of Tennessee and their fifth under head coach Mike Vrabel.
Draft
Pre–Draft Notes/Trades
The Titans' were awarded 4th and 6th round compensatory picks due to losses in free agency.
The Titans' 2nd round pick this year was traded to the Atlanta Falcons, as well as a 4th round pick in the 2023 NFL Draft, in exchange for Julio Jones and a 2023 6th round pick.
The Titans' 7th round pick this year was traded to the Miami Dolphins, as well as Isaiah Wilson, in exchange for a 7th round pick in the 2021 NFL Draft.
Staff
Current roster
Preseason
The Titans' preseason opponents and schedule were announced in the spring.
Regular season
Schedule
On May 9, the NFL announced that the Titans will play at the Buffalo Bills at 6:15 p.m. CDT on , as part of ESPN's Week 2 Monday Night doubleheader.
The remainder of the Titans' 2022 schedule, with exact dates and times, was announced on May 12.
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Networks and times from Weeks 5–15 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling; Week 11 is exempt, as it occurs on a Thursday.
The date, time and network for Week 18 will be determined at the end of Week 17.
Game summaries
Week 1: vs. New York Giants
The Titans stormed down the field and scored on their first drive, then added two field goals in the second quarter to grab a 13–0 at halftime, but big plays by Daniel Jones and Saquon Barkley in the second half led to the Giants capturing a 21–20 lead. Ryan Tannehill and the Titans' offense mounted an impressive last-second drive to get into field goal range, but Randy Bullock missed the game-winning attempt as time expired. With the shocking loss, the Titans fell to 0–1.
Week 2: at Buffalo Bills
The Titans flew to Orchard Park for their matchup against the Bills as part of a Monday Night Football doubleheader. The Bills took the opening kickoff and stormed down the field with a methodical 12-play touchdown drive to grab an early 7–0 lead. The Titans responded with a 9-play drive capped off by star running back Derrick Henry's 2-yard touchdown run. From that point on however, it was all Bills. It started when kicker Tyler Bass converted a 49-yard field goal to go up by 3. Josh Allen then hit Stefon Diggs for the first of three touchdowns on the night for him; a sack by the Bills' defense capped off the first half, with Buffalo holding a 17–7 lead.
In the third quarter, the Bills blew the game open after Allen hit Diggs for the second of three touchdowns for the pair on the night; the Titans were quickly forced into a punt which Bass converted into their second field goal. Following the score, Tannehill was picked off at the Bills' 49-yard line. The offense capitalized on the turnover, and exploited the already-exhausted Titan defense for Diggs's third touchdown catch of the night. On the Titans' next drive, Tannehill was again picked off, the interception this time going all the way back for six courtesy of Matt Milano. By this point, the Bills had scored 24 points in the third quarter to grab a commanding 41–7 lead. Both teams' defenses took over for the rest of the game, but by this point the game had long been decided.
With the blowout loss, the Titans fell to 0–2.
Week 3: vs. Las Vegas Raiders
Week 4: at Indianapolis Colts
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Tennessee
Tennessee Titans seasons
Tennessee Titans
Interstate 440 (I-440) is a auxiliary Interstate Highway which runs through Nashville, Tennessee. It serves as a southern bypass around downtown Nashville, and is located on average about from the center of the city. I-440 is also known locally as the Four-Forty Parkway, and is designated as the Debra K. Johnson Memorial Parkway. I-440 runs between I-40 and I-24, and connects to I-65 and multiple U.S. Routes. Combined, I-440 and Briley Parkway, a controlled-access segment of State Route 155 (SR 155), form a noncontiguous inner beltway around downtown Nashville.
Originally proposed in the 1950s, I-440 was the subject of much controversy related to its location and design, which resulted in multiple design changes and delayed the highway's completion for many years. As a result, it was the last segment of Interstate Highway planned for Tennessee in the Interstate Highway Act of 1956 to be constructed. After its completion in 1987, I-440 developed unforeseen congestion, safety, and surface issues, which prompted a reconstruction of the entire route that was completed in 2020.
Route description
The majority of I-440 is located below the level of adjoining streets and roads in an artificially-cut gulch. It contains three through lanes in each direction for its entire length, as well as auxiliary lanes in many locations. Annual average daily traffic (AADT) volumes on the interstate range from approximately 83,000 vehicles per day near the western terminus to nearly 110,000 vehicles per day between I-65 and I-24.
I-440 begins west of downtown Nashville at a directional T interchange with I-40 south of Tennessee State University and heads directly south. It immediately crosses U.S. Route 70 (US 70, Charlotte Pike), but does not have an interchange with this route. About later, the interstate turns southeast and reaches a partial cloverleaf interchange (parclo) with US 70S (West End Avenue), which is indirectly accessible from the eastbound lanes via a connector road. Turning further southeast and passing near Centennial Park and Vanderbilt University, the highway has a parclo interchange with US 431 (21st Avenue, South Hillsboro Pike) about later. I-440 then turns directly east and reaches I-65 south of downtown Nashville about later in a symmetrical four-level "Spaghetti Junction" stack interchange, which includes four flyover ramps. It also crosses US 31 (Franklin Pike) at this location, but this route is not accessible. Briefly entering the city of Berry Hill, the interstate turns east-northeast and meets US 31A/US 41A (Nolensville Pike) about later at a final parclo interchange. About later, the freeway reaches its eastern terminus at a directional T interchange with I-24, west of the Nashville International Airport and about south of the eastern end of a concurrency between I-24 and I-40. As a result of this, I-440 westbound is directly accessible at this interchange from I-40 westbound, and US 41/70S (Murfreesboro Road) is directly accessible from the ramp that carries I-440 eastbound traffic to I-24 westbound.
History
Planning
The route that is now Interstate 440 had its origins in 1955, when the Interstate Highway System was being planned. The highway was approved by the Bureau of Public Roads, the predecessor to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), on August 24, 1956, and was initially referred to as Segment #516. After the Interstate Highway Act was passed, a public meeting was held on May 15, 1957, that identified proposed interstate highways and bypass routes around Nashville, including I-440. The route was officially named Interstate 440 in 1961. The Tennessee Department of Highways, the predecessor to the Tennessee Department of Transportation (TDOT), was first authorized to begin studies related to right-of-way acquisition on July 12, 1961, by the FHWA, and preliminary engineering work began in 1964. Planners chose to construct the route through both residential neighborhoods and in the location of a portion of the Tennessee Central Railway. The highway department was authorized to make right-of-way acquisitions for the section located between I-65 and I-24 on December 4, 1968, and the section between I-40 and I-65 on August 17, 1970.
The project experienced many setbacks and was subject to much controversy. After the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) became law in 1970, the FHWA determined in January 1971 that the I-440 project did not require an environmental impact statement, since it was already in the right-of-way acquisition phase, and gave final approval of the project's design. A lawsuit was filed by the National Wildlife Federation in 1973, which resulted in the requirement of an environmental impact study for I-440. The draft environmental impact statement was completed in 1978, and was approved by the FHWA on June 19 of that year. Approval of the final environmental impact statement occurred on September 19, 1980, and on February 20, 1981, TDOT was approved to begin advertising bids for construction of I-440.
The construction of I-440 required the demolition of many houses, and many Nashville residents opposed the project. Throughout the 1970s, many groups campaigned to stop the construction of the highway. Many residents of the areas near I-440 wanted TDOT to choose an alternative, such as constructing the route further to the south, widening existing surface streets, or adding more public transportation. However, traffic studies determined that the highway was necessary to relieve congestion on I-40. On December 9, 1980, a group of community activists known as the "Nashvillians Against I-440" filed a lawsuit, which named then-U.S. Secretary of Transportation Andrew L. Lewis Jr. as the defendant, in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee hoping to stop construction of the interstate. The lawsuit was dismissed on September 23, 1981, when a judge ruled that the project would not adversely affect the natural environment and that TDOT had followed all necessary procedures.
Construction and early history
Construction began in early 1982. The project required the removal of hundreds of thousands of cubic feet of dirt and rock. Initially, I-440 was going to be at-grade, but TDOT engineers chose to build it below the surface of the ground to reduce noise and vehicle emissions pollution after citizens in large cities living near interstates had complained of disturbances caused by highway traffic. The state also agreed to take measures to reduce the impact of the interstate as a further compromise to opposition by such means as designing the route as a parkway. This included separating the lanes by a narrow grassy median, which unintentionally made the route susceptible to crossover crashes, and curbed inner edges. Engineers chose to construct the highway with concrete rather than asphalt so it would last longer. Most of I-440 contained three lanes in each direction, except through the interchanges with Murphy Road, US 70S, US 431, and I-65, where it contained two lanes in each direction, with the third lanes functioning as auxiliary lanes in most places. A proposed interchange at Granny White Pike, which TDOT had acquired the right-of-way for, was abandoned in an effort to prevent the disruption of traffic patterns on nearby surface streets. The discovery of hairline cracks in multiple overpasses and ramps in the spring of 1985, which were repaired with epoxy cement, delayed the opening of I-440 by approximately eight months.
The section of I-440 between I-24 and I-65 was opened and dedicated on December 12, 1985, and the section between I-65 and I-40 was opened and dedicated on April 3, 1987. It was the last interstate highway that was originally allocated to Tennessee by the Interstate Highway Act to be completed. It was also the most expensive road, per mile, built in Tennessee at the time, with a total cost of $178.3 million (equivalent to $ in ). In the first year that I-440 was open, traffic on I-40 decreased by about 16 percent. Trucks were initially prohibited from using I-440, due to pressure from nearby residents concerned about noise pollution, but this ban was blocked by a federal court in 1988 after being challenged by multiple trucking organizations. The speed limit was initially , which was increased to in July 2000, but reduced back to 55 mph in June 2005 after complaints from motorists.
Between November 1994 and November 1995, TDOT made safety modifications to I-24 through the eastern terminus with I-440 and the nearby split with I-40, which reconfigured the routes to provide direct access to I-440 westbound from I-40 westbound. The ramp connecting I-40 eastbound to I-440 eastbound at the western terminus of I-440 was widened from one to two lanes between November 1995 and June 1996. Between May 1997 and December 1998 the ramp carrying traffic from I-440 eastbound to I-24 westbound was widened from one to two lanes, including the flyover bridge over I-24.
Recent history and reconstruction
I-440 was built with a design capacity of 64,000 vehicles per day. By 1999, the average annual daily traffic had surpassed 100,000 vehicles in some locations, and the entire route had begun to experience severe congestion every day during rush hour. By the 2000s, I-440 had begun to develop cracks and potholes, and in 2009 TDOT spent $8 million to rehabilitate the roadway. This included diamond grinding, where grooves were cut parallel to traffic flow in the lanes to improve traction. This was necessitated because the surface had been worn away due to overuse, causing a susceptibility of vehicles to hydroplane. Between June and November 2013, TDOT spent $9.7 million to repair the concrete on I-440 eastbound between I-65 and I-24, which also included adding an additional lane through the interchange with US 31A/US 41A. Despite these improvements, I-440 continued to develop potholes, which prompted TDOT to prepare for reconstruction of the entire route.
After the Tennessee General Assembly passed the IMPROVE Act in 2017, which increased the state's fuel taxes and vehicle registration fees with the intent of funding a backlog of 962 needed transportation projects, TDOT announced that an upgrade of I-440 was a top priority. In November 2017 plans were announced for reconstruction of the route, which included replacing the concrete with asphalt, widening the entire route to a minimum of six lanes, replacing the grass median with a jersey barrier, and improving entrance and exit ramps. The contract for reconstruction was awarded on August 1, 2018. Preliminary work began in late November 2018, and the reconstruction project began on March 1, 2019. The project was completed on July 2, 2020, almost one month ahead of schedule. The project cost $154.8 million, and was at the time the most expensive contract ever awarded by TDOT.
On February 21, 2021, I-440 was designated as the Debra K. Johnson Memorial Parkway in honor of a Tennessee Department of Corrections (TDOC) officer killed in the line of duty in 2019.
Exit list
See also
References
40-4 Tennessee
40-4
440 Tennessee
Transportation in Nashville, Tennessee
Transportation in Davidson County, Tennessee
Parkways in the United States
440
The 1994–95 Courage League National Division Three was the eighth full season of rugby union within the third tier of the English league system, currently known as National League 1. Bedford finished in first place and are promoted to National Division 2 for next season and they are joined by the runner-up, Blackheath; the teams finished 3rd and 4th respectively last season. Following their promotion last season Clifton finished 9th and are relegated to National League 4 along with the last-placed team Exeter.
Structure
The league consists of ten teams with all the teams playing each other on a home and away basis to make a total of eighteen matches each. There are two promotion places and two relegation places. The champions are promoted to National League 2 and the last two teams are relegated to National Division 4.
Participating teams and locations
League table
Sponsorship
National Division Three is part of the Courage Clubs Championship and is sponsored by Courage Brewery.
See also
English Rugby Union Leagues
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
N3
National League 1 seasons
The men's water polo tournament at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 27 June to 1 July at the Campclar Aquatic Center in Tarragona.
Participating teams
(host)
Preliminary round
All times are local (UTC+2).
Group A
Group B
Finals
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Third place game
Final
Final standings
References
External links
2018 Mediterranean Games
Water polo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Bilim ve Teknik (English: Science and Technology) is a Turkish popular science magazine, published monthly by the Scientific and Technological Research Council (, TÜBİTAK) of Turkey. The first issue was published in October 1967. TÜBİTAK publishes three titles, which appear monthly. Bilim ve Teknik is geared towards adults, Bilim Çocuk (English: Science for Children) is for 7-12 year olds, and Meraklı Minik (English: Curious Puppy) is for pre-schoolers.
External links
Bilim ve Teknik official website
Bilim Çocuk official website
Meraklı Minik official website
TÜBİTAK E-Magazine Archive official website
1967 establishments in Turkey
Magazines established in 1967
Magazines published in Ankara
Monthly magazines published in Turkey
Popular science magazines
Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey
Turkish-language magazines
Miroslav Macejko (born 9 April 1992) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman who currently playing for HK Dukla Michalovce of the Slovak Extraliga.
Macejko previously played in the Tipsport Liga for HC Košice, HK Orange 20, MsHK Žilina and HC 07 Detva. On 19 May 2018, Macejko moved to France and signed for Aigles de Nice of the Ligue Magnus. On 23 July 2019, they moved to Russia to play with the ice hockey team Dizel Penza in the Supreme Hockey League.
International play
Macejko played in the 2010 IIHF World U18 Championships for Slovakia.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Slovak ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Košice
HC Košice players
MsHK Žilina players
HC 07 Detva players
Les Aigles de Nice players
Dizel Penza players
HK Dukla Michalovce players
Santa María, Oaxaca may refer to:
Santa María Alotepec
Santa María Apazco
Santa María Atzompa
Santa María Camotlán
Santa María Chachoapam
Santa María Chilchotla
Santa María Chimalapa
Santa María Colotepec
Santa María Cortijo
Santa María Coyotepec
Santa María del Rosario
Santa María del Tule
Santa María Ecatepec
Santa María Guelacé
Santa María Guienagati
Santa María Huatulco
Santa María Huazolotitlán
Santa María Ipalapa
Santa María Ixcatlán
Santa María Jacatepec
Santa María Jalapa del Marqués
Santa María Jaltianguis
Santa María la Asunción
Santa María Lachixío
Santa María Mixtequilla
Santa María Nativitas
Santa María Nduayaco
Santa María Ozolotepec
Santa María Pápalo
Santa María Peñoles
Santa María Petapa
Santa María Quiegolani
Santa María Sola
Santa María Tataltepec
Santa María Tecomavaca
Santa María Temaxcalapa
Santa María Temaxcaltepec
Santa María Teopoxco
Santa María Tepantlali
Santa María Texcatitlán
Santa María Tlahuitoltepec
Santa María Tlalixtac
Santa María Tonameca
Santa María Totolapilla
Santa María Xadani
Santa María Yalina
Santa María Yavesía
Santa María Yolotepec
Santa María Yosoyúa
Santa María Yucuhiti
Santa María Zacatepec
Santa María Zaniza
Santa María Zoquitlán
See also
Municipalities of Oaxaca
Bryan Jurewicz is a former professional National Football League player who was briefly a member of both the Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts.
Jurewicz was a star lineman at Deerfield High School in Illinois, a starter on the varsity team in 1990 and 1991. They were named as an all-conference player in 1990, and again in 1991, also being named all-area, all-state, and the Gatorade Player of the Year for Illinois football.
They were a starting defensive lineman for the University of Wisconsin Badgers, going directly from red shirt to a starting player in 1993 when their predecessor was injured. They started playing at 6'5" and 240 pounds. In 1994, the sophomore started the season as a rushing linebacker, but was once again moved to defensive line, bulking up by 20 pounds in the process, and playing with the team in the Rose Bowl that year. They deflected 9 passes as a Badgers defensive lineman in 1996, a school record, and they were an Honorable Mention All-Big Ten Conference selection the same year. They made 9 tackles for a loss in their last five games with the Badgers, with UW assistant coach John Palermo calling them "...as good of a defensive lineman as there is in the league".
After graduating from University of Wisconsin, they signed as a free agent with the Panthers in 1997. After being released in August of the same year, they were picked up in February 1998 by the Indianapolis Colts and spent some time on their practice squad; the latter team placed them on waivers after a few months. Most newspapers in 1998 incorrectly listed their position as offensive lineman.
Jurewicz was the President and CEO of GradeBeam, LLC, an online bidding and communication company in the construction industry. GradeBeam was one of Chicago's largest privately held companies before a sale to Textura Corporation and subsequent initial public offering.
References
1973 births
Living people
Players of American football from Illinois
People from Deerfield, Illinois
American football defensive linemen
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Carolina Panthers players
Indianapolis Colts players
Özlü, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Şahinler, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Ralph E. Fletcher was a college football player. They were a quarterback for the University of Mississippi, selected All-Southern in 1912. Five days before the 1912 contest with rival Mississippi A&M, they were declared ineligible by the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, because they had appeared in a Chicago first-year student game. They starred in the game against Vanderbilt.
References
American football quarterbacks
Ole Miss Rebels football players
All-Southern college football players
Dublin University Fencing Club (DUFC) is the fencing club of the University of Dublin, Trinity College, located in Dublin, Ireland. The club caters for foil, épée and sabre. Its members are students, alumni and staff from Trinity College with a small amount of visiting fencers from other clubs.
Early history
In 1730, a group of students from Trinity College formed a Gentleman's Club of the Sword, or the Gentleman's Society of the Sword as it has also been called. This club, while initially hugely popular fell out of use by the last quarter of the 18th century. In 1774, Provost John Hely-Hutchinson formally established fencing in Trinity by employing a fencing-master and designating the Senate House specifically for this purpose. With the further decline of duelling throughout the 18th and no record of the club throughout the 19th century, it is not until the formation of the modern D.U. Fencing Club in 1936 that the sport was reestablished in the college.
Present status
Since its foundation, DUFC has grown vastly. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, membership was about fifty fencers in general with an Intervarsities team of 8. In contrast, the 2009/2010 season saw intake of approximately 300 new members with an Intervarsities contingent of 24 competing, with similar numbers maintained in the club since.
The club's most decorated coach, Professor Patrick Duffy, coached the club from 1952 until 1987. Following their death in 1987, The Professor Duffy Memorial Team Épée tournament was inaugurated by D.U.Fencing Club. This competition is still run today and attracts teams from Germany, Italy and the U.K. regularly.
The club has maintained its status as a centre of excellence, consistently ranking at the top of the national club medal table in Ireland. During the 2017/18 season, Dublin University Fencing Club became part of the Trinity Sport high performance programme, giving its first team access to additional strength and conditioning coaching, physiotherapy, anti-doping and nutritional expertise.
Notable alumni
Since the formation of the modern club, a number of members have gone on to represent the club and their country in both fencing and the modern pentathlon. Some of these members are listed below.
Patrick Duffy, competed at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics
Harry Thuillier, competed in foil at the 1952 and 1960 Summer Olympics
Shirley Armstrong, competed in the women's individual foil event at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Brian Hamilton, competed in the individual foil and team épée events at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Colm Murrogh Vere O'Brien, competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Natalya Coyle, competed at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics in the modern pentathlon
Competitions
Hosted competitions
D.U.Fencing Club hosts a number of competitions on an annual basis. Events currently hosted are listed below:
The Professor Duffy Memorial Team Épée
Trinity Cup
Trinity Team Foil
Dublin Épée
The Colours Match
Known colloquially as Colours, The Colours Match (the fencing equivalent of its rugby counterpart) is hosted yearly between Dublin University and University College Dublin with each club cycling hosting privileges yearly.
Honours
Pinks
Pinks are awarded for outstanding service to a sports club, usually with regard to representative honours, by the Central Athletic Club (D.U.C.A.C.). Athletes in D.U.Fencing Club who have received pinks are listed below followed by the year of the award.
References
External links
Official Website
Official Twitter
Fencing
Gracey's Meat Hygiene is a veterinary textbook which deals with meat inspection and meat hygiene control. The eleventh edition of the book was published in 2015.
Background
The book is an expansion of the book Textbook of Meat Hygiene (by Horace Thornton and J. F. Gracey) which itself is an expansion of Thornton's Textbook of Meat Inspection (published 1949).
References
2015 non-fiction books
English-language books
Wiley-Blackwell books
Veterinary medicine books
Meat inspection
1949 non-fiction books
Great Harwood Town Hall is a municipal building in Town Hall Square, Great Harwood, Lancashire, England. The town hall, which was the headquarters of Great Harwood Urban District Council Council, is a grade II listed building.
History
After significant population growth in the town associated with the local specialism known as mercerisation, i.e. strengthening of cotton for the textile industry, Great Harwood became an urban district in 1894. In this context, civic leaders decided to procure a town hall: the site they selected had been occupied by a row of old cottages.
The new building, which was designed by Briggs and Wolstenholme in the Baroque style was completed in 1900. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with five bays facing onto the new square with the end bays, which slightly projected forward, displaying Diocletian windows on the ground floor, three-light sash windows on the first floor flanked by corbelled corners with turrets above and oculi in the gables. The central section of three bays featured a doorway with a Gibbs surround and a segmental pediment on the ground floor, two-light sash windows in each of the bays on the first floor and dormer windows at attic level.
The building was part of a greater development to create a new Town Hall Square, which also involved the building of the Manchester and County Bank (now the NatWest Bank) on a corner site to the north of the town hall, also completed in 1900, and the Mercer Memorial Tower commemorating the life of the scientist, John Mercer, completed in 1903. A roll of honour designed by R. Dugdale & Sons commemorating local service personnel who had died in the First World War was established in the town hall after the war.
The building continued to serve as the headquarters of the local urban district council for much of the 20th century but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged Hyndburn Borough Council was formed in 1974. It subsequently remained vacant in a semi-derelict state until it was acquired by a developer, Globe Enterprises, and, after a programme of works costing £500,000, it re-opened as an office complex known as "The Chambers" in May 2011. Globe Enterprises had been established as a joint venture between Hyndburn Council, Barnfield Construction and local business person, Stuart Nevison of AMS Neve, although the council subsequently sold its stake to the local entrepreneurs, the Hussain family. A landscaping scheme, involving a series of stone tree planters, was introduced in Town Hall Square in 2013.
See also
Listed buildings in Great Harwood
References
Government buildings completed in 1900
City and town halls in Lancashire
Great Harwood
Grade II listed buildings in Lancashire
Youngpur Urdu: ینگ پور is large village 15 km away from Okara city on Faisalabad road. It has a total population of over 6000. It is a part of Okara District, Pakistan.
History
As per legend Youngpur was named after an English army remount officer Mr Young prior to the partition of India. It was basically a residential area for remount officers and their labor. It was populated mainly by the migrants of India. Jatt mainly from Jalandher are the major political Tribe. Rajput Bhatti [In some parts of modern Pakistan, especially in the Northern and Central Punjab, a fact deeply resented by the authentic Bhatti Rajputs of Pakistan]are from Ferozpur. Bhatties are economically strong. Youngpur's cricket team young eleven young pur registered whose president syed zahid Iqbal and captain شفیق الرحمان has won many major events in Okara District.
Geographical position
Youngpur is located 160 km away from Lahore and 87 km away from Faisalabad and comes in Punjab. Faisalabad Road lining Okara to Faisalabad pass through the village which contributed to the prosperity of the village, and leading to quick communication with the city. Bahadarnagar Farm is the neighbouring Government research farm which is only 4 km away from the village.
Structure
The Village is a square if viewed from above. That is because of the planned structure by the British. All the roads in the village are straight and wide even the City Okara cannot compete with it. Though there has always been drainage problem. The village grew from only some streets but now cover all of the space available for the houses including Shamlat, though uneven division of plots has led to houses of only some meters square leading to high population density in the area. Youngpur has 2 schools one for boys, and other is for girls.
Leadership
Shaheryar Javed Bhatti is the incumbent ceremonial head of Youngpur and also, the most prominent landlord.
Details
Youngpur has 90 murabas of cultivated land that is equal to 2250 acres. Though the locals have brought a lot of lands in the neighbouring villages. Even though the main source of income is agriculture either directly or indirectly. A large amount of work force is utilized by the Workshops and different kind of the shops, it is one of the only self-sufficient villages in the area. There are also a large amount of shops on the Faisalabad Road whose number only the cities or major towns can match.
Villages in Okara District
Vladimir Kazimirovich Shileyko (also Shileiko, Shilejko ; February 14, 1891 – October 5, 1930) was a Russian orientalist (assyriologist, hebraist) poet (acmeist) and translator. Shileyko family had roots in the Lithuanian part of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
They were a second husband of Russian poet Anna Akhmatova.
 They are known for their Russian translations of the Epic of Gilgamesh.
They died in Moscow of tuberculosis.
Russian orientalists
Russian Hebraists
Russian male poets
1891 births
1930 deaths
20th-century Russian translators
20th-century Russian poets
20th-century Russian male writers
Relationship between the Kingdom of Morocco and the State of Palestine has been historically deep, yet complicated. Morocco has a consulate in Gaza while Palestine has an embassy in Rabat.
History
Morocco and Palestine share a common Arab heritage, where the Arabs from Levant brought Arabic language and Islam to North Africa, bringing Islam and Arabian/Levantine culture to the native North African population. However, once the Arab Caliphates fell in 13th century due to Mongol conquest, histories of both countries diverged the same time: Morocco became the independent Arab-Berber Kingdom while Palestine would be exchanged between the Mamluks and the Persians, before finally annexed into the Ottoman territory for the next 400 years. The two later found themselves colonised by Spain, France, and Britain
Contemporary relations
When the European empires began to abandon their colonial possessions in the MENA after the World War II, with Britain leaving Palestine in 1947, news about the 1948 Arab–Israeli War and the defeat of the Arab armies to the Jewish force had culminated into the anti-Jewish riots in Oujda and Jerada in solidarity with their Palestinian brethren, when Morocco was still a Franco-Spanish protectorate. Once Morocco was declared independence in 1956, however, the policy of Morocco was eventually ruled by Hassan II, who is ill-remembered by the Palestinians. Hassan II, in particular, was best known for their invitation of Mossad and Shin Bet agents to spy on other Arab leaders at the Arab League's summit in Casablanca 1965 when these leaders were planning for a potential liberation of Palestine, resulting in the 1967 Six-Day War that ended in complete humiliation. The same year of the Arab League's summit in Casablanca, Mehdi Ben Barka, a Moroccan opposition politician and a pro-Palestinian sympathiser, disappeared in Paris in October 1965, thought to be murdered under the order of Hassan II. Hassan II attempted to reverse the course by sending troops to assist the Arab coalition in the Ramadan War in solidarity with Palestine.
Meanwhile, Palestinians have shown greater sympathy to Morocco's neighbour and arch-rival Algeria and their ally Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic due to similar revolutionary ideology, which affected the relations with Morocco despite Moroccan population's general support for Palestinian cause. Early leaders of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) such as George Habash (who later founded Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine) and Nayef Hawatmeh encountered El-Ouali Mustapha Sayed and Brahim Ghali in the 1970s, where they expressed support for Western Saharan struggle and Polisario against Morocco. The rift between Morocco and the Palestinian nationalists almost widened when Hassan II sought to make a separate peace with Israel by hosting President Shimon Peres in 1986, but the Moroccan King subsequently backtracked from the original plan. Following the end of Cold War, Morocco and Palestine entered two decades of relatively stable relations.
See also
Embassy of the State of Palestine, Rabat
Israel–Morocco relations
Palestine–Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic relations
References
Bilateral relations of Morocco
Bilateral relations of the State of Palestine
Hysland Aliaj (born 5 April 1991) is an Albanian retired footballer who played as a defender.
References
1991 births
Living people
Albanian footballers
People from Mallakastër
Association football defenders
KF Apolonia Fier players
KS Albpetrol Patos players
KF Bylis Ballsh players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Kategoria e Dytë players
Justin Baard (born 18 November 1993) is a Namibian cricketer, who played for Namibia in First class, List A and T20 cricket.
References
1993 births
Living people
Namibian cricketers
Tancheon Sports Complex () is a group of sports facilities in Seongnam, South Korea. Its name was Seongnam 2 Sports Complex but changed to Tancheon Sports Complex in January 2006, naming after Tancheon. The complex consists of the Tancheon Stadium, Tancheon Baseball Stadium and a Sports Club.
Facilities
Tancheon Stadium
Tancheon Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium built in 2002 and currently used mostly for football matches and has been the home stadium of Seongnam FC since 2005, replacing the club's previous home, the Seongnam Sports Complex.
The first professional football match ever held was a friendly game between Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma and Poland national football team on 26 May 2002.
In 2009, Seongnam FC moved their home matches to Seongnam Sports Complex as the canopy installation works commenced. The installation was completed in 2010. The first match held since the installation was Seongnam FC's 2010 AFC Champions League game against Kawasaki Frontale on 23 February 2010.
On 12 March 2016, the stadium recorded its first ever K League sold-out match in Seongnam FC's 2016 K League Classic first round game against Suwon Samsung Bluewings.
In the first half of 2019, Seongnam installed the nation's best large electronic display panel at Tancheon Stadium. Fan would be able to enjoy more vivid game scenes and halftime events at the stadium. In order to improve players' performance, the grass was completely replaced, and track and field tracks was also replaced with blue ones. The team's color was applied to the stadium with street lamp banners and branding using Tongcheon.
The stadium is nicknamed the Tancheon Fortress (Hangul: 탄천요새) reflecting Seongnam FC's strong home record in AFC Champions League.
Tancheon Baseball Stadium
The stadium is equipped with AstroTurf and a stand with 955 seats. From Mondays to Saturdays, the stadium is mostly used by the city's high school baseball teams for home games and practices. For public use, applicants need to apply to a draw for empty time slots.
Tancheon Sports Club
The complex building includes swimming pool, squash court, aerobic exercise centre, ice rink, multi-purpose gym, health club, tennis court, bowling alley, and indoor golf facilities.
In popular culture
In the quarantine camp scene in the South Korean disaster film, Flu (2013), infected persons are placed in plastic bags, with some of them still alive, thrown into a pit in Tancheon Stadium, and incinerated. Mir (Park Min-ha is brought to the pit of bodies to be incinerated but is rescued by Kang Ji-goo (Jang Hyuk). The uninfected people see the pit, and a riot ensues, forcing the evacuation of all medical and military personnel from the camp.
References
External links
Official website
Seongnam stadium on StadiumZone
Seongnam FC Official Site
World Stadiums
Football venues in South Korea
Athletics (track and field) venues in South Korea
Rugby union stadiums in South Korea
Sports complexes in South Korea
Sports venues in Gyeonggi Province
Seongnam FC
Sports venues completed in 2002
Buildings and structures in Seongnam
2002 establishments in South Korea
K League 1 stadiums
K League 2 stadiums
Malaga Soulaimana (born 5 April 1989) is a Comorian professional footballer who plays as a defender for the Comorian club Fomboni FC.
Soulaimana made their international debut for the Comoros national football team in a 2018 African Nations Championship qualification 2-0 win over Lesotho on 15 July 2017.
International career
International goals
Scores and results list the Comoros' goal tally first.
References
External links
NFT Profile
Comoros Football Profile
1989 births
Living people
Comorian footballers
Comoros international footballers
Association football defenders
Meclorisone (developmental code name NSC-92353) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Chloroarenes
Diketones
Diols
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Stand down means to go off duty or relax from a state of readiness, particularly in a military situation.
Stand down may also refer to:
Irish Stand Down, a form of bare-knuckle boxing
"Stand Down", a 2013 song by Little Mix from Salute
See also
"Stand Down, Margaret", a song by Elvis Costello and the Attractions on the 1983 album Punch the Clock
Stand Down Soldier, a 2014 film directed by Jeryl Prescott
"Whine & Grine/Stand Down Margaret", a song by The Beat from the 1980 album I Just Can't Stop It
There have been three baronetcies created for persons with the surname Hutchison, all in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. Two creations are extant as of 2010.
The Hutchison Baronetcy, of Hardiston in the County of Kinross, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 23 July 1923 for Thomas Hutchison, Lord Provost of Edinburgh from 1921 to 1923. The title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet in 1972.
The Hutchison Baronetcy, of Thurle in Streatley in the County of Berkshire, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 6 July 1939 for Robert Hutchison, President of the Royal Society of Medicine and of the Royal College of Physicians. As of 2010 the title is held by their grandson, the third Baronet, who succeeded their father in 1998.
The Hutchison Baronetcy, of Rossie in the County of Perth, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 26 January 1956 for James Hutchison, Conservative Member of Parliament for Glasgow Central and Glasgow Scotstoun. Their son, the second Baronet, Peter Craft Hutchison (for more information follow this link), was a botanist and chair of Forestry Commission Scotland. . As of 2019, the title is held by their son, the third baronet, who succeeded in that year.
Hutchison baronets, of Hardiston (1923)
Sir Thomas Hutchison, 1st Baronet (1866–1925) Lord Provost of Edinburgh 1921–3
Sir Eric Alexander Ogilvy Hutchison, 2nd Baronet (1897–1972)
Hutchison baronets, of Thurle (1939)
Sir Robert Hutchison, 1st Baronet (1871–1960)
Sir Peter Hutchison, 2nd Baronet (1907–1998)
Sir Robert Hutchison, 3rd Baronet (b. 1954)
Hutchison baronets, of Rossie (1956)
Sir James Riley Holt Hutchison, 1st Baronet (1893–1979)
Sir Peter Craft Hutchison, 2nd Baronet (1935–2019)
Sir James Colville Hutchison, 3rd Baronet (b. 1967)
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Soul '69 is the fourteenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin released in 1969 by Atlantic Records, the album features covered material. The album charted at number 1 on Billboards R&B albums chart and at number 15 on Billboards Top Albums, but launched two largely unsuccessful singles, "Tracks of My Tears", which reached number 21 on "Black Singles" and number 71 on "Pop Singles", and "Gentle on My Mind", which charted at number 50 and number 76 respectively. The album was re-released on compact disc through Rhino Records in the 1990s.
Critical reception
The album was critically well received. Music journalist Stanley Booth wrote in Rolling Stone that Soul '69 was "quite possibly the best record to appear in the last five years", describing it as "excellent in ways in which pop music hasn't been since the Beatles spear-headed the renaissance of rock". In spite of critical praise and popular success, however, the album has sunk into obscurity, becoming one of what journalist Richie Unterberger terms as "[Aretha Franklin's] most overlooked '60s albums".
Track listing
Personnel
Aretha Franklin – vocals, piano (2,7,9)
Junior Mance – piano (1, 3-6, 8-11)
Spooner Oldham – organ (2,7)
Joe Zawinul – organ (5), piano, Fender Rhodes (6,12)
Kenny Burrell – guitar (1, 3-6, 8-11)
Jimmy Johnson – guitar (2,7)
Ron Carter – bass guitar (1, 3-6, 8-12)
Jerry Jemmott – bass guitar (2,7)
Tommy Cogbill – bass guitar (2,7)
Bruno Carr – drums (1, 3-6, 8,9, 12)
Roger Hawkins – drums (2,7)
Grady Tate – drums (10,11)
Jack Jennings – vibraphone (5,7,9,12)
Louie Goicdecha, Manuel Gonzales – percussion (5,7,12)
David Newman – tenor saxophone, flute
King Curtis, Seldon Powell – tenor saxophone
George Dorsey, Frank Wess – alto saxophone
Pepper Adams – baritone saxophone
Joe Newman, Bernie Glow, Richard Williams, Snooky Young, Ernie Royal – trumpet
Jimmy Cleveland, Urbie Green, Benny Powell, Thomas Mitchell – trombone
Evelyn Greene, Wyline Ivy - backing vocals
Produced by Jerry Wexler and Tom Dowd
Arrangements by Arif Mardin
See also
List of Billboard number-one R&B albums of the 1960s
References
External links
Aretha Franklin albums
1969 albums
Albums produced by Tom Dowd
Albums produced by Jerry Wexler
Atlantic Records albums
Covers albums
Albums conducted by Arif Mardin
Albums arranged by Arif Mardin
The 2009 World Outgames, the 2nd World Outgames, a sporting and cultural event hosted by the gay community, was hosted by Copenhagen, Denmark from July 25 to August 2, 2009. It was one of the largest international sports and cultural events ever held in Denmark, with 8,000 people from around the world expected to participate. The World Outgames addressed itself primarily, but not exclusively, to the LGBT community. The aim was that, once it was underway, the event would be perceived as relevant and welcoming for all inhabitants of Copenhagen.
History
World Outgames was built on three pillars: sports, culture, and human rights. There were 38 sports athletes to choose from. The budget was approximately 8.2 million euros. Unlike the 2006 World Outgames, the 2009 World Outgames declared a profit.
Copenhagen Organising Committee
Merethe Stagetorn, Chairman
Merete Lundbye Moller
Martin Bender
Minna Grooss
Finn Terkelsen
Ane Skak
Elizabeth Moller Jensen
International Conference on LGBT Human Rights
The Outgames included the 2nd International Conference on LGBT Human Rights from 27 to 29 July. Co-chaired by Rebeca Sevilla and Svend Robinson, the conference included keynote speakers such as John Amaechi, Virginia Apuzzo, Axel Axgil, Georgina Beyer, Michelle Douglas, Cleve Jones, Sunil Babu Pant, Parvez Sharma, Wan Yanhai and Copenhagen Lord Mayor Ritt Bjerregaard. The themes of the conference included human rights and politics, business, workers, culture and media, health, education, sport, family and relationships, and sexuality, pleasure, and body politics.
The conference concluded with the release of the Copenhagen Catalogue of Good Practices, a selection of effective actions for LGBT human rights from around the world.
See also
:Category:LGBT sports events
References
archive.org: Copenhagen 2009 website
World Outgames
2009 Outgames articles at VisitCopenhagen.com
Citations
External links
Copenhagen 2009 Official Site
Copenhagen Tourism Site
Gay and Lesbian International Sports Association
2009
2009 in multi-sport events
2009 in Danish sport
2009 in LGBT history
International sports competitions hosted by Denmark
Multi-sport events in Denmark
International sports competitions in Copenhagen
Chinthaka Jayawickrama (born Yodage Chinthaka Bandara Jayawickrama on 2 January 1984) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Sri Lanka Army Sports Club. They were born in Kegalle.
Jayawickrama made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 2006-07 season, against Chilaw Marians. They scored a duck in the first innings in which they batted, and 16 runs in the second, as Sri Lanka Army lost the match by an innings margin.
They bowled six overs in the match, taking figures of 1-17.
External links
Chinthaka Jayawickrama at Cricket Archive
1984 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Army Sports Club cricketers
People from Kegalle District
Flanimals of the Deep () is the third book in the Flanimals series from British comedian Ricky Gervais and illustrator Rob Steen. The book was published by Faber and Faber, London, UK on 5 October 2006 and includes such Flanimals as the Mulgi, Flambols, Bif Uddlers and Mulons.
Flanimals of the Deep won the 'Best Stocking Filler' book of the year in 2006, as voted on Richard and Judy's Christmas Book Reviews. It was also named the "WH Smith Children's Book of the Year" for 2007.
List of Flanimals
Mulon – a humanoid extremely intelligent Flanimal.
Groy – a small farming aquatic Flanimal.
Sleeb – a slow moving bovine-like Flanimal farmed by the Groy.
Molf – an aggressive shark-like aquatic Flanimal.
Sproy – a many 'noizelled' Flanimal.
Plumph – a Flanimal that can pull its eyes into its body for protection but damages its own eyes on its own poison.
Hungloid – a large fish-like Flanimal.
Klug Snipe – a hideous aquatic Flanimal.
Roxstrambler – a crab-like predatory Flanimal.
Spryflajer – an aquatic Flanimal with tennis racket shaped fins.
Splug – a jellyfish-like Flanimal that hates itself.
Blamp – an old fish-like Flanimal.
Ungler Water Mungler – an aquatic version of the Mung Ungler (described in More Flanimals).
Flambol – a flat paper thin Flanimal.
Additional Flanimals
Grob – a mythical heavenly Flanimal.
Lazabranks – a family of primitive shark-like unskulled Flanimals.
Snish – simple fish-like Flanimals.
Scrownocks – aquatic Flanimals that produce a spine-tingling scream.
Brones – thin jawed aquatic Flanimals.
Skrolls – terrifying demon-like aquatic Flanimals that inhabit the brine.
See also
Flanimals
More Flanimals
Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling
References
External links
Official website
Flanimals on Rob Steen's site
Faber and Faber - UK publisher of all the Flanimals books
2006 children's books
British children's books
British picture books
Children's fiction books
Books by Ricky Gervais
Faber and Faber books
Apophis may refer to:
Ancient Egypt
Apep or Apophis, an Ancient Egyptian mythological deity who was god of chaos.
Apepi (pharaoh) or Apophis (reigned c. 1580–1550 BC), a 15th-Dynasty Hyksos pharaoh
Other uses
99942 Apophis, a near-Earth asteroid
Apophis (Stargate), a Stargate SG-1 fictional villain
See also
'Apepi (fl. c. 1650 BC), a Lower Egyptian ruler hypothesised to be the king's son Apophis
R. E. Cooper Sr, M.B.E., (1913–1980) founding pastor of The Mission Baptist Church in Nassau, Bahamas was a leading figure in the country's struggle to achieve Black Majority Rule (1967). Cooper is best known for preaching the Bahamas' first Independence Day sermon when independence was obtained from Great Britain on July 10, 1973.
Early life and education
Reuben Edward Cooper was born in Georgetown, Exuma and, later, was involved in the Salem Union Baptist Church in Nassau before going on to complete their ministerial studies at the American Baptist Theological Seminary (now American Baptist College) in Nashville, Tennessee.
Ministerial career
Upon their return to the Bahamas following the completion of their studies, Dr. Cooper founded the Mission Baptist Church in Grant's Town, an impoverished neighborhood that was originally settled by ex-slaves. Eventually, Dr. Cooper joined the Progressive Liberal Party (PLP) and became a close friend and colleague of the nation's first prime minister Sir Lynden Pindling. Through their work as a Baptist minister, Dr. Cooper facilitated the establishment of the Jordan Memorial School and Prince Williams High School, both of which played a significant role in providing education to black Bahamians prior to the establishment of widespread public schooling in The Bahamas. Dr. Cooper also served terms as president of the Bahamas Baptist Missionary and Education Convention and the Bahamas Christian Council and was an active participant in the Caribbean Baptist Fellowship and the Baptist World Alliance.
Notable achievements
1940 – Organized The Mission Baptist Church
1943 – Organized The Jordan Memorial Baptist School
1949 – Editor and Publisher of The Baptist Weekly
1952 – Erected the second sanctuary of The Mission Baptist Church
1964 – President of The Bahamas Missionary & Educational Convention
1964 – Organized the Prince William Baptist High School
1967 – Chaplain of the Senate
1968 – Formed The United Baptist Choir
1968 – Chairman of The Arthur Vinning Davis Scholarship Programme, Florida Memorial College
1971 – President of The Bahamas Christian Council
1972 – Principal of The Baptist Bible Institute
1973 – Preached the First Independence Day Sermon to the New Nation
1974 – Chaplain of Them Majesty's Prisons
1974 – Dedicated the present structure of The Mission Baptist Church
1976 – Moderator of the Bahamas Baptist Association
1976 – Appointed to the Committee of Ecumenism and Church Polity Baptist World Alliance
1977 – Member of the United World College Advisory Board
For further study
Jones, Wendall K., ed. The 100 Most Outstanding Bahamians of the 20th Century. Nassau: Jones Communications, 2000.
1913 births
1980 deaths
Bahamian Baptist ministers
20th-century Baptist ministers
People from Exuma
People from Nassau, Bahamas
Colony of the Bahamas people
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Christian clergy in the Bahamas
The World Tomorrow: A Journal Looking Toward a Christian World (1918–1934) was an American political magazine, founded by the American office of the pacifist organization Fellowship of Reconciliation (FORUSA). It was published under the organization's The Fellowship Press, Inc., located at 108 Lexington Avenue in New York City. Prior to June 1918, the periodical was titled The New World. It was a leading voice of Christian socialism in the United States, with an "independent, militant" editorial line.
Editorial and staff history
Through the years, The World Tomorrow editorial masthead was a melange of rotating names and titles, with differences between full-, part-time, paid, and unpaid editors and staff never made particularly clear. However, titles aside, the editorial constant at the magazine from 1922 to its closing was pacifist Devere Allen, generally listed as "managing editor." Over the years, writers and editors for the magazine included a number of prominent figures in politics, religion, journalism, and the arts.
From 1918 to 1921, Norman Thomas, six-time presidential candidate for the Socialist Party of America, served as the magazine's first editor. In 1921, Thomas moved to secular journalism as associate editor of The Nation magazine.
Walter Fuller, originally styled "editorial secretary" in the early New World in 1918, was later given the title "associate editor." They did the actual work of editing for Norman Thomas, and was paid a regular salary. In February 1920, they moved on to become managing editor of The Freeman, although their name remained for a while on the list of members of the board of The World Tomorrow. When Fuller collapsed and died of a brain hemorrhage in September 1927, Norman Thomas sent a glowing eulogy to the BBC, for whom Fuller was editing Radio Times.
Devere Allen, who edited the magazine for more than ten years, from 1922 to 1934, was a Socialist pacifist activist. They championed nonviolent resistance while member of the Socialist Party of America in the 1930s and founded the World-Over Press after leaving The World Tomorrow.
In 1926, African-American novelist, Wallace Thurman, became an editor at The World Tomorrow after serving as managing editor at The Messenger, a political literary magazine, where they published fellow Harlem Renaissance writers like Langston Hughes and Zora Neale Hurston.
John Nevin Sayre was listed as editor of The World Tomorrow from 1922 to 1924, and then as associate secretary from 1924 to 1935. Sayre was an Episcopal minister, peace activist, and author who helped found the Episcopal Peace Fellowship. Sayre's brother, Assistant Undersecretary of State Francis B. Sayre, had Alger Hiss reporting directly to them at the State Department but declined to testify on their behalf. Their brother married the daughter of Woodrow Wilson.
Militant English peace activist and suffragist Evelyn Sharp wrote for the magazine in the early 1920s and was listed as its correspondent in England.
Anna Rochester was a FOR member who served as editor-in-chief from 1922 to 1926, then resigned in 1927 over political differences. Within a month, they received an invitation to join the magazine's board, which they declined.
Kirby Page, listed as editor from 1926 to 1934, was an American Disciples of Christ minister, an author, and a peace activist.
Prominent American theologian and commentator on public affairs Reinhold Niebuhr contributed to the magazine in the 1920s and then became a part-time editor. Niebuhr became an anti-communist in 1940, after starting as a leftist minister in the 1920s (indebted to theological liberalism) and a new neo-orthodox theologian in the 1930s.
Grace Hutchins, the life partner of Anna Rochester, was also a FOR member who worked for the magazine. Hutchins served as press secretary (1924–1926), business editor (1925–1926), and contributing editor.
Esther Shemitz, later the wife of Whittaker Chambers, and Shemitz's close friend Grace Lumpkin worked for the magazine in the 1920s. Hutchins and Rochester were their art patrons, supporting Shemitz's painting and Lumpkin's writing, e.g., publication of To Make My Bread (1933).
A. A. MacLeod, later a Communist member of the Ontario legislature, served as managing editor until 1933.
In the 1930s, Paul Douglas, an economist at the University of Chicago and later a United States senator from Illinois, served for a time as editor.
Henry Noel Brailsford contributed a weekly feature in the 1930s.
Resurgence and demise
In August 1932, when many weekly magazines were reducing their publication frequency to monthly, Time reported that The World Tomorrow would go from a monthly to a weekly format. "The times in which we are now living demand a sustained emphasis upon religion, pacifism, and socialism, and... no other American journal is concentrating upon this combination." It noted that its editors included Page, Niebuhr, Allen, and Douglas.
However, the magazine did not long survive the departure of Devere Allen in 1934. The World Tomorrow was subsumed by the Fellowship of Reconciliation's quarterly journal Fellowship, a publication which continues to this day. The Fellowship of Reconciliation's website simply states: By 1934, its circulation had risen to 40,000. The World Tomorrow was succeeded in 1935 by Fellowship, edited by Harold Fey; later editors included John Nevin Sayre, Alfred Hassler, William Miller, James Forest, and Virginia Baron.
Publishing history
According to holdings at the Library of Congress, the magazine was published as follows:
Monthly: January 1918 – July 1932 (suspended May–September 1926)
Weekly: September 1932 – April 1933
Monthly: May–August 1933
Biweekly: August 31, 1933 – July 26, 1934
For the first five issues of the first volume (January–May 1918) its title was The New World.
The complete run of The World Tomorrow from 1918 to 1934 is available as item 23 in the Library of World Peace Studies edited by Warren F. Kuehl. [New York]: Clearwater, 1978–1982. 1242 microfiches. The Library of Congress' holding starts with vol. 1, no. 6 dated June 1918 and ends with vol. 17, no. 15 dated July 26, 1934.
References
Further reading
The World Tomorrow, New York. Vol. 1 (1918) (partial) | Vol. 2 (1919) | Vol. 3 (1920) | Vol. 4 (1921) | Vol. 5 (1922) | Vol. 6 (1923) | Vol. 7 (1924) | Vol. 8 (1925) | Vol. 9 (1926) | Vol. 10 (1927) | Vol. 11 (1928) | Vol. 12 (1929) | Vol. 13 (1930) | Vol. 14 (1931) | Vol. 15 (1932) | Vol. 16 (1933) | Vol. 17 (1934)
Biweekly magazines published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Weekly magazines published in the United States
Christian socialist publications
Defunct political magazines published in the United States
Fellowship of Reconciliation
Magazines disestablished in 1934
Magazines established in 1918
Magazines published in New York City
News magazines published in the United States
Socialist magazines
Aegialoalaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Leptolaimida.
Genera:
Aegialoalaimus de Man, 1907
References
Chromadorea
Nematode families
Vurra is a town in Uganda.
Location
The town is in the northwestern corner of Uganda, close to the international border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). Vurra is in Arua District of the West Nile sub-region. It is approximately , by road, south-west of Arua, the location of the district headquarters and the largest city in the sub-region. Vurra is approximately , by road, north-west of Kampala, the capital and largest city of Uganda. The coordinates of Vurra are 2°53'11.0"N, 30°52'46.0"E (Latitude:2.886389; Longitude:30.879444).
Overview
Vurra is a small border town, sitting directly on the border with the DRC across from the town of Aru in the DRC. It is the southernmost point along the Vurra-Arua-Koboko-Oraba Road. Vurra is the birthplace of the Ugandan international long-distance champion athlete Dorcus Inzikuru.
Points of interest
offices of Vurra Town Council
headquarters of Vurra County
Vurra central market
Notable people
Dorcus Inzikuru, athlete
Dradiku Nyakuni samuel, canon and founder of Christ church ambala
References
External links
UNRA Fails To Beat December Deadline for Vurra-Arua-Koboko-Oraba Road
Populated places in Northern Region, Uganda
Democratic Republic of the Congo–Uganda border crossings
Arua District
West Nile sub-region
Les Rivières (The Rivers) is a borough of Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. Population (2006): 59,920. It comprises 5 neighbourhoods: Neufchâtel-Est, Lebourgneuf, Duberger, Les Saules and Vanier. Except for Vanier, all of these neighbourhoods were part of the pre-2002 city of Quebec.
Description
Les Rivières is one of the six boroughs of Quebec City. It takes its name from the Saint-Charles River that passes through the borough as well as two tributaries rivers of Saint-Charles: Berger and Lorette. The borough is geographically located in the centre of Quebec City and contains the Galeries de la Capitale shopping centre.
Les Rivières borough vastly corresponds to the Rivières section of the former city of Québec (Québec City as it was known before the 2002 municipal reorganization). The borough also include the former city of Vanier which was merged into Quebec City in 2002.
The Rivières section of the former city was made of four municipalities that were annexed to Quebec City in the 1970s. They were Duberger, Les Saules, Neufchâtel and Charlesbourg-Ouest.
These former municipalities kept their respective name as neighbourhoods of Quebec City with the exception of Charlesbourg-Ouest which was renamed Lebourgneuf. Lebourgneuf got its name as a portmanteau from the last letters of Charlesbourg and the first letters Neufchatel because Charlesbourg-Ouest was located between Charlesbourg and Neufchâtel.
Following the creation of the new city of Quebec in 2002, Neufchâtel was dismantled, with most of it going to La Haute-Saint-Charles borough. The part of Neufchâtel that was retained by Les Rivières borough became Neufchâtel-Est.
The borough is mostly an industrial area with a few residential neighbourhoods (Vanier, Duberger and Les Saules.) In recent years the population has increased following a large amount of residential development, particularity the construction of condos along Boulevard Robert-Bourassa.
See also
Municipal reorganization in Quebec
References
Boroughs of Quebec City
The R188 is a class of new technology (NTT) New York City Subway cars built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries for the A Division. The fleet entered service in 2013, displacing the 1980s-era R62A cars that operated on the , in conjunction with the automation of the IRT Flushing Line's signal system with communications-based train control (CBTC). The R188 order also expanded the 7's fleet as part of the 7 Subway Extension, which opened in 2015.
Of the 506 cars in the fleet, only 126 were built brand-new; the remaining 380 cars were originally part of the R142A fleet that entered service in 2000, before being upgraded to R188s with the installation of CBTC equipment. The fleet first entered passenger service on November 9, 2013, and the final cars were delivered in June 2016.
Description
380 of the R188s are numbered 7211–7590, and the remaining 126 cars are numbered 7811–7936.
Cars 7211–7590 (380 cars) used to be R142As and were converted to R188s from 2010 to 2016, car numbers 7811–7898 (88 cars) are the new R188 cars built to supplement the increase in 7 service, and cars 7899–7936 (38 cars) are the new R188 "C" cars built to expand converted R142A sets from five cars to six cars (Most A-Division lines use 10-car trains, while the use 11-car trains, necessitating the addition of one new car to convert the sets).
The R188 contract was divided into two sub-orders: 33 main order cars (7211–7220, 7811–7832, and 7899) and 473 option order cars (7221–7590, 7833–7898 and 7900–7936).
Currently, all R188s are maintained at the Corona Yard and assigned to the 7 and <7>.
Features
The R188s are equipped with the latest control systems, HVAC, and public address systems to guarantee the utmost safety and passenger comfort. They are visually very similar to the R142s and nearly identical to the R142As, but due to electrical incompatibilities, in addition to being equipped with CBTC, the three types are not interoperable. Therefore, these cars are compatible only with the converted R142As that feature CBTC.
Like the R142s, R142As, and R143s, the R188s feature the electronic strip map with all stops on the 7 route. The maps come with an indicator that can be set to either a local or express train.
Experimental features
On June 10, 2016, cars 7501–7928–7510 had their route signs modified with green circle/red diamond LED signs and a LED numbered-route display, similar to those on the R62A sets that were previously used on the , which are now on the . This modification was done to make it easier for passengers to differentiate between an express or a local train. In the following year, car 7501 had the LCD destination indicator parts of its destination signs replaced with LED panels to make it aesthetically similar to the asupervisorstioned route display. Cars 7505 and 7503 received the same modifications in mid-2019 and mid-2020, respectively. It is currently unknown if the remainder of the rolling stock will be retrofitted with these features.
In April 2017, car 7502 was equipped with a special test truck, replacing the original truck found on other cars.
In September 2018, cars 7847–7848 were fitted with new LCD advertisement screens, replacing the traditional paper advertisements that are usually located there.
History
Timeline of contracts
At the time that the R188 order was placed, 40 eleven-car sets of R62As were assigned to the 7 service. The R188 order originally consisted of 186 new cars, as well as 131 converted R142A cars compatible with communication-based train control (CBTC) and an additional 189 R142A conversion kits for the MTA, totaling a possible 506 cars, or 46 eleven-car trains. Of these 506 cars, 230 are arranged in five-car sets while the remaining 276 are arranged in six-car sets. Six extra R188 trainsets were ordered in conjunction with CBTC installation and 7 Subway Extension. The trains are configured so that the five-car consist on each train is located on the Manhattan-bound end and the six-car consist is located on the Main Street-bound end, due to the position of conductor's boards on platforms along the 7 route.
According to the 2010–2014 capital plan, 146 new cars were to be purchased. Of these new cars, 110 cars would go to make up 10 new eleven-car trains, while the remaining 36 cars were to be "C" cars that would go to expanding 36 CBTC upgraded R142A five-car sets (360 existing cars) to six-car lengths. The original planned total of 46 eleven-car trains (506 cars) would still result from this order.
In the latest revision, however, only 88 new cars were to be purchased to form 8 new eleven-car trains, with 38 "C" cars, rather than 10 eleven-car trains. Likewise, the number of conversion cars was altered to 370. This change was made because only two sets of ten-car R62As were needed for fleet expansion of the mainline IRT, as opposed to the previously projected four sets, and thus the MTA and Kawasaki opted to convert two additional R142A train sets instead of manufacturing two new sets. The MTA also decided to have Kawasaki perform all of the conversions at the Yonkers plant instead of 207th Street Shop as part of that contract modification.
The R188 contract was awarded in spring 2010 to Kawasaki Heavy Industries, who won by default since only two manufacturers qualified, and Bombardier Transportation opted not to bid on the contract, citing the small order and large requirement for engineering resources. The contract was specified at $87,094,272 for the base order, which consisted of 33 cars (23 new cars and 10 conversions), and $384,315,168 for the option order, which consisted of 473 cars (123 new cars, and 350 conversions) for a total price of $471,409,440.
Delivery
According to a February 2012 update, the MTA had expected to have 8 conversion sets in service by the time that the 7 Subway Extension is opened for revenue service. In addition, the breakdown of the trainsets has been disclosed. Operationally, the R188s are coupled as such:
where dashes signify link bars, and the addition sign denotes couplers. Thirty-eight R142A B cars, therefore, were converted into R188 "C" cars, in addition to the 38 deliveries of new "C" cars (not including the "C" cars in the eight new 11-car sets).
The 10 converted R142A cars from the base order (7211–7220) were completed in December 2011 at Kawasaki's Yonkers facility and were delivered for testing on the Flushing Line in 2012. The 23 new R188 cars from the base order (two eleven-car sets, 7811–7832, and one conversion set "C" car, 7899) were completed in mid-2012, delivered in November 2013, and entered service in December 2013. The 66 new option cars (7833–7898) were also completed in mid-2012 and have been delivered, while the remaining 37 new cars and the 370 conversions were set to be converted and delivered from February 2014 until the 4th quarter of 2015.
On November 9, 2013, the first R188 train, consisting of cars 7811–7821, were placed in service on the 7 train as part of its 30-day revenue acceptance test. After successful completion, it entered revenue service by December 15, 2013.
By July 2014, the delivery schedule had slipped by about 6–7 months. However, delivery of the cars sped up; all remaining R188 cars were expected to be delivered by the end of July 2016, but the last R188 cars were delivered on June 14, 2016. By July 22, 2016 all R188s were in service.
In popular culture
In January 2020, as part of an agreement between the MTA and Comedy Central to promote actor Awkwafina's TV show Nora From Queens, the default pre-recorded announcements on the R188s were replaced with those from Awkwafina for one week. The announcements from Awkwafina featured jokes in addition to the standard station announcements. The agreement was the first time that the MTA has replaced train announcements as a form of advertising.
Notes
References
External links
nycsubway.org - NYC Subway Cars: R188
Kawasaki Rail Car, Inc.: R188
Car Status/Assignment
R188
Kawasaki multiple units
USS Mink (IX-123), an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the mink, a mammal found in the cooler latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere, valued for its lustrous fur. Them keel was laid down as Judah Touro 20 October 1943 under a Maritime Commission contract (T. Z.ET1.S.C3) by Delta S. B. Shipbuilding Company, New Orleans, Louisiana. They were launched on 4 December 1943 sponsored by Mrs. E. S. Lazarus, renamed Mink 27 October 1943, acquired by the Navy 8 January 1944, and commissioned on 9 January 1944.
After shakedown off Texas, Mink arrived Balboa, Panama Canal Zone, on 2 February 1944. They then sailed to Milne Bay, New Guinea, with a cargo of diesel oil and motor gasoline, arriving 12 March to strengthen the service force of the Seventh Fleet. After unloading cargo and fuel along the coast of New Guinea, they joined a convoy which anchored in Seeadler Harbor, Admiralty Islands, on 30 May. Mink spent the next two months discharging cargoes, of aviation gasoline, diesel, and lubricating oil to many ships and craft during the buildup for the invasion of the Philippines.
They arrived in Leyte Gulf, Philippines, on 24 October from Hollandia, New Guinea. Mink'''s gunners shot down two Japanese planes during the Battle for Leyte Gulf.Mink steamed with a convoy to Lingayen Gulf, Luzon, reaching their destination 13 January 1945. There Vice Admiral Thomas C. Kinkaid and the Seventh Fleet landed United States Army troops in an amphibious operation which contributed greatly to the success of the Luzon campaign. For the next four months, Mink steamed off Morotai, refueling ships, and during the final month of the war, they ranged from Luzon to Mindanao, refueling craft.
Following the Japanese surrender, they sailed under the command of Lt. Harold C. "Brownie" Brown to Newport News, Virginia, arriving 16 May 1946. Mink decommissioned on 26 June and was delivered to the War Shipping Administration on 27 June. On 19 July they were stricken from the Naval Vessel Register. Renamed Judah Touro, they were subsequently sold into merchant service, and later carried the names Seavalor, Apukia, and Eleni V.Mink'' received three battle stars for World War II service.
A black and white photograph of the ship during its launching exists. It is in a historical display on the first floor
of Touro Infirmary in New Orleans, Louisiana.
References
This was not the only US naval ship named Mink. Drawings for a Civil War-era sidewheel steamer named "Mink" exist.
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Armadillo-class tankers
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in New Orleans
1943 ships
Woodson High School may refer to:
The secondary school of Woodson Independent School District in Woodson, Texas
H.D. Woodson High School in Washington, D.C.
Wilbert Tucker Woodson High School in Fairfax County, Virginia
Widget may refer to:
Widget (beer), a device placed in cans and bottles of beer to aid in the generation of froth
Widget (economics), a placeholder name for an unnamed, unspecified, or hypothetical manufactured good or product
Software widget, a generic type of software application comprising portable code intended for one or more different software platforms
Widget (GUI), an element of interaction in a graphical user interface, such as a button or a scroll bar
Widget toolkit, a software library containing a collection of GUI widgets that collaborate when used in the construction of applications
Web widget, an applet intended to be used within web pages
E-9A Widget, a turboprop airliner
Widget (Marvel Comics), a comic book character, an alternate version of Shadowcat from the Days of Future Past timeline
Widget (TV series) or Widget the World Watcher, a 1990s animated television series
Widget (video game), based on the TV series
Widget, a character on the Wow! Wow! Wubbzy! cartoon
Widget, a character on the Cyberchase cartoon
Widget drive, a hard drive used only in the Apple Lisa computer system
The Widget, nickname of New York World Journal Tribune
See also
Widget Workshop, a science-based computer game developed by Maxis
The MediaWiki Widgets extension
Ömerşeyhler, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Adrien Duvillard (7 November 1934 – 14 February 2017) was a French alpine skier who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics and 1960 Winter Olympics.
Their son Adrien and their brother Henri Duvillard were also successful skiers.
At the 1956 Winter Olympics they finished 4th in the Giant Slalom, earning France's best result at those games.
References
External links
1934 births
2017 deaths
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
William Ewart John Farvis (12 December 1911 – 12 October 2005) was a pioneering electronics engineer and educator. Their war-time service was in electronic countermeasures. In their subsequent career at the University of Edinburgh they initiated the Department of Electrical Engineering, establishing its capabilities in silicon device processing and enhancing industrial interactions through Wolfson Microelectronics.
Education
Ewart Farvis was born in Bristol and schooled there. They then studied at the University of Bristol, graduating from BSc (Eng) in 1936 with First Class Honours in Electrical Engineering.
Career
In 1937, they were appointed Lecturer in Electrical Engineering at University College, Swansea until called away to war service in the scientific civil service. Here they first extended the chain-home radars to detect low flying targets. They subsequently met with Churchill's scientific adviser, R V Jones, and assisted in detecting the signals from the enemy navigator aids used to direct bombers on to target. Farvis led the interception group, with Martin Ryle in charge of the associated radio jamming group, all coordinated by Robert Cockburn.
One of Farvis' major wartime achievements was to counteract a sophisticated new German navigation aid, "Benito", with Alex Harley Reeves, the later inventor of pulse code modulation telephony. Farvis went to London with the new radio jammer and, on listening to the German bombers' radio telephone traffic, they noted that they suspected equipment malfunction, rather than intentional jamming. After the war, Farvis debriefed these German equipment designers.
Academic appointments at The University of Edinburgh followed in 1948 as a lecturer in Applied Electricity. Here their research focussed on the then fashionable topic of gaseous electronics. They were closely associated in ionospheric research with Edward Appleton when they were University Principal. In 1961, Farvis became the first Professor and Head of the new Department of Electrical Engineering. Following this, their interests moved into the rapidly expanding field of solid-state electronics. In 1964 they took the bold move to construct a centre for solid-state devices and materials science research at Edinburgh and constructed the first university cleanrooms for silicon semiconductor device fabrication. they were an early pioneer in identifying the significance of semiconductor transistors for application in future electronic systems.
In 1969 Farvis set up of the Wolfson Microelectronics Liaison Unit (WMLU), coinciding with the first appointment of part-time paid visiting Professors in a UK university. WMLU later expanded into an independent company, Wolfson Microelectronics, under Professor David Milne before being acquired by Cirrus Logic.
Many of their post-war innovations in the undergraduate curriculum were tried out at Edinburgh before catching on elsewhere, including: open book examinations; individual experimental project work and in-depth dissertation writing. They were innovative in moving the final honours' examinations from June to January, to improve the student focus on project work.
Committee activities
Ewart Farvis had a record of service in national policy-forming via: the Electrical Industries' Training Board, the Science Research Council and the Institution of Electrical Engineers. Farvis served on numerous committees: the Council of Engineering Institutions Board of Moderators; UNESCO International Working Group on Continuing Education; and as President of the Education & Training Committee of the Fédération Européenne d‘Associations Nationales d'Ingénieurs FEANI from 1974- 1977.
They retired in 1977 after 29 years of University service. They were elected to Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1958 and RefReded a CBE in 1978.
References
https://www.alfamontreal.info/Articles/UofEJournalVol49No4.pdf
https://www.rse.org.uk/cms/files/fellows/obits_alpha/farvis_ewart.pdf
http://www.scotsman.com/news/obituaries/professor-ewart-farvis-cbe-1-1100682
20th-century Scottish engineers
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
1911 births
2005 deaths
Manuela Dal Lago (Vicenza, 10 August 1946) is an Italian politician.  They are member of Liga Veneta-Lega Nord.
In the late 1970s they started their political career in the Italian Liberal Party, reaching the position of youth leader of the party in Veneto. At that time their followers included Giancarlo Galan, Fabio Gava and Niccolò Ghedini, all leading members of Forza Italia in the Region.
In the early 1990s they joined Liga Veneta, of which they are national president since 2001.
In 1997 Dal Lago was elected President of the Province of Vicenza only with the support of their party, while they were re-elected in 2002 with the support of all the centre-right House of Freedoms coalition.
In the 2008 general election they were elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies, where they are currently Vice President of the parliamentary group of Lega Nord.
References
1946 births
Living people
People from Vicenza
Italian Liberal Party politicians
Lega Nord politicians
Venetist politicians
Deputies of Legislature XVI of Italy
Politicians of Veneto
20th-century Italian women politicians
21st-century Italian women politicians
Presidents of the Province of Vicenza
Hemibagrus chrysops is a species of bagrid catfish found in Malaysia.
References
Eschmeyer, W.N. (ed.), 2003. Catalog of fishes. Updated database version of March 2003. Catalog databases as made available to FishBase in March 2003.
Bagridae
Fish of Asia
Fish of Malaysia
Taxa named by Heok Hee Ng
Fish described in 1999
Pero Sudar (born 3 July 1951) was an auxiliary bishop of Vrhbosna in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Priesthood
Sudar was ordained priest of the Archdiocese of Vrhbosna on June 29, 1977. In 1977 they served as parochial vicar at Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Komušina near Teslić in Bosnia and Herzegovina. After that, they went to Rome where they received a doctorate in canon law at Pontifical Urbaniana University. After returning from Rome, they taught canon law at Vrhbosnian Theology and from 1989 to 1993 they held the office of Chancellor of The Archdiocesan Seminary in Sarajevo.
Episcopal career
On May 28, 1993, Sudar was appointed auxiliary bishop of Vrhbosna and titular bishop of Selia by Pope John Paul II. They received their episcopal consecration on January 6, 1994 from Vinko Cardinal Puljić, with Franjo Cardinal Kuharić and Bishop Ćiril Kos serving as co-consecrators. They selected as their episcopal motto: "Mir vama". On October 18th 2019, Pope Francis accepted Sudar's resignation.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
People from Konjic
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vrhbosna
21st-century Roman Catholic titular bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope John Paul II
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Bosnia and Herzegovina
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
20th-century Roman Catholic titular bishops
Trypanosoma antiquus is an extinct species of kinetoplastid (class Kinetoplastida), a monophyletic group of unicellular parasitic flagellate protozoa.
The genus name is derived from the Greek trypano (borer) and soma (body) because of their corkscrew-like motion, and the species name from antiquua (old) reflecting the age of the specimen. All trypanosomes are heteroxenous (requiring more than one obligatory host in order to complete life cycle) or are transmitted through some variation of a vector.
The species was described in 2005 by George Poinar Jr. in the journal Vector-Borne & Zoonotic Diseases from metatrypanosomes preserved in several fecal pellets encased in Hymenaea protera amber. The fossil was recovered in the Dominican Republic from early Miocene Burdigalian stage deposits on the island of Hispaniola. Included with the pellets and thought to be the origin for them, is the extinct kissing bug Triatoma dominicana. This association is the oldest known example of the vector association between Triatoma and Trypanosoma. The holotype, deposited in the Oregon State University as specimen number P-3-3, was mined from the La Toca mine in the Dominican Republic. T. dominicana and T. antiquus lived in an environment similar to modern moist tropical rain forests. The preserved metatrypanosomes range in size from 11 to 20 µm with the average length being 15 µm. The species is placed in the Trypanosoma subgenus Schizotrypanum, and is identifiable by age and the average length being shorter than that of other Schizotrypanum species. Based on the contents of the amber specimen including three hematophagous insects, it is likely to have been formed in a tree cavity. Associated with the insects are several mammal hairs from an unidentified Chiropteran, the likely host for T. dominicana. The pellets are thought to have been deposited after the T. dominicana finished feeding on the host bat. Modern bat-hosted trypanosomes in the region are considered a vector for the fatal Chagas disease in humans.
References
Trypanosomatida
Miocene life of North America
Burdigalian life
Neogene Dominican Republic
Fossils of the Dominican Republic
Dominican amber
Fossil taxa described in 2005
Taxa named by George Poinar Jr.
The Baruch Plan was a proposal by the United States government, written largely by Bernard Baruch but based on the Acheson–Lilienthal Report, to the United Nations Atomic Energy Commission (UNAEC) during its first meeting in June 1946. The United States, Great Britain and Canada had called for an international organization to regulate atomic energy, and President Truman responded by asking Undersecretary of State Dean Acheson and David E. Lilienthal to draw up a plan. Baruch's version of the proposal was rejected by the Soviet Union, who feared the plan would preserve the American nuclear monopoly. Its collapse led to the beginning of the Cold War arms race.
Description
In the Plan, the US agreed to decommission all of its atomic weapons and transfer nuclear technology on the condition that all other countries pledged not to produce atomic weapons and agreed to an adequate system of inspection, including monitoring, policing, and sanctions. The Plan also proposed to internationalize fission energy via an International Atomic Development Authority, which would exercise a monopoly of mining uranium and thorium, refining the ores, owning materials, and constructing and operating nuclear plants. This Authority would fall under the United Nations Atomic Energy Commission. In short, the plan proposed to:
extend between all countries the exchange of basic scientific information for peaceful conclusions;
implement control of nuclear power to the extent necessary to ensure its use only for peaceful purposes;
eliminate from national armaments atomic weapons and all other major weapons adaptable to mass destruction; and
establish effective safeguards by way of inspection and other means to protect complying States against the hazards of violations and evasions.
In presenting their plan to the United Nations, Baruch stated:We are here to make a choice between the quick and the dead. That is our business. Behind the black portent of the new atomic age lies a hope which, seized upon with faith, can work our salvation. If we fail, then we have damned every man to be the slave of fear. Let us not deceive ourselves; we must elect world peace or (elect) world destruction.
Reaction
The Soviets rejected the Baruch Plan and suggested a counter-proposal on the grounds that the United Nations was dominated by the United States and its allies in Western Europe, and could therefore not be trusted to exercise authority over atomic weaponry in an evenhanded manner. Nationalist China, a UN Security Council member with veto privileges, was anti-communist and aligned with the US at this time. The USSR counter-proposal insisted that America eliminate its own nuclear weapons first before considering any proposals for a system of controls and inspections.
Although the Soviets showed further interest in the cause of arms control after they became a nuclear power in 1949, and particularly after the death of Stalin in 1953, the issue of the Soviet Union submitting to international inspection was always a thorny one, upon which many attempts at nuclear arms control stalled. Crucially, the Baruch Plan suggested that none of the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council would be able to veto a decision to punish culprits. Because of the difficulties in monitoring and policing, as well as Stalin's ambition to develop atomic weapons, although negotiations over the Baruch Plan and the Soviet counter-proposal continued in the UNAEC until 1948, the Plan was not seriously advanced later than the end of 1947. Throughout the negotiations, the USSR was fast-tracking its own atomic bomb project and the United States was continuing its own weapons development and production. With the failure of the Plan, both nations embarked on accelerated programs of weapons development, innovation, production, and testing as part of the overall nuclear arms race of the Cold War.
Bertrand Russell urged control of nuclear weapons in the 1940s and early 1950s to avoid the likelihood of a general nuclear war, and initially felt hopeful when the Baruch Proposal was made. In late 1948 they suggested that "the remedy might be the threat of immediate war by the United States on Russia for the purpose of forcing nuclear disarmament on her." Later they thought less well of the Baruch Proposal as "Congress insisted upon the insertion of clauses which it was known that the Russians would not accept." In their 1961 book Has Man a Future?, Russell described the Baruch plan as follows:
Historical importance
Scholars such as David S. Painter, Melvyn Leffler, and James Carroll have questioned whether or not the Baruch Plan was a legitimate effort to achieve global cooperation on nuclear control. The Baruch Plan is often cited as a pivotal moment in history in works promoting internationalizing nuclear power or revisiting nuclear arms control. In philosopher Nick Bostrom's 2014 work Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies, they cited the Baruch Plan as part of an argument that a future power possessing superintelligence that obtained a sufficient strategic advantage would employ it to establish a benign 'singleton' or form of global unity.:89
See also
Acheson–Lilienthal Report
Atoms for Peace
Cold War
International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER)
Nuclear arms race
Russell–Einstein Manifesto
Science diplomacy
United Nations Atomic Energy Commission
References
Further reading
Chace, James. "Sharing the Atom Bomb." Foreign Affairs (1996) 75#1 pp 129–144. short summary
Hewlett, Richard G. and Oscar E. Anderson. A History of the United States Atomic Energy Commission: The New World, 1939-1946, Volume I. (Pennsylvania State University Press, 1962).
Mayers, David. "Destruction Repaired and Destruction Anticipated: United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA), the Atomic Bomb, and US Policy 1944–6." International History Review 38#5 (2016) pp 961–83.
External links
Atomic Archive: The Baruch Plan
David J Holloway. 2020. "The Soviet Union and the Baruch Plan."
Deterrence theory during the Cold War
Energy policy
Nuclear proliferation
1946 in the United States
1946 in international relations
Nuclear weapons governance
Nuclear weapons program of the United States
Soviet Union–United States relations
Science diplomacy
Nicholas Richard Alexander Damian Hockney is a British former politician who was the leader of the One London party from 2005 to 2008. They were a Member of the London Assembly (AM) for Londonwide, and was also a member of the Metropolitan Police Authority
from 2004 to 2008.
Political background
Previously a member of the Conservative Party, Hockney contested the constituency of Pendle for the Referendum Party at the 1997 general election, narrowly losing their deposit. They then moved to UKIP, for which they stood in Kensington and Chelsea at the 1999 by-election and the 2001 general election. They were the UKIP London Mayoral candidate in 2000, and in June 2004 they were elected as a London-wide Member of the London Assembly for UKIP.
On 30 January 2005, they announced that they were defecting to Veritas, the new party founded by ex-UKIP MEP Robert Kilroy-Silk. It was subsequently announced that they would serve as deputy leader of Veritas. On 29 July 2005, following the resignation of Kilroy-Silk, Hockney announced their resignation as deputy leader.
In September 2005, Hockney founded the One London Party with fellow London Assembly Member Peter Hulme-Cross.
In February 2008, the One London Party announced that Hockney would be its candidate in the 2008 Mayoral election. However, on 27 March 2008, Hockney announced that they were pulling out of the race to become the Mayor of London. They cited a lack of media opportunities for the candidates representing smaller parties as the reason, but confirmed that the party would still contest the Assembly election. One London won no seats, and they were not re-elected; the party was wound up later that year.
By profession, Hockney is a magazine publisher. They also once entered A Song for Europe, the UK preliminary round of the Eurovision Song Contest.
Hockney is distantly related to artist David Hockney.
References
External links
One London website
London Assembly biog
Mayorwatch interview with Hockney
Living people
UK Independence Party Members of the London Assembly
One London members of the London Assembly
Veritas (political party) members of the London Assembly
UK Independence Party parliamentary candidates
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Advisory Committee on Problems of Foreign Relations was a committee created by United States Secretary of State Cordell Hull on December 27, 1939, to examine "overseas war measures." It came about after Leo Pasvolsky, Hull's assistant, wrote a memorandum urging such a committee concerned with "problems of peace and reconstruction" that would review fundamental principles of a "desirable world order" and was originally called the Committee on Problems of Peace and Reconstruction. It was one of many such committees that Hull would create, reorganize, rename or abolish. Successors included the Division of Special Research and the Advisory Committee on Postwar Foreign Policy.
Under Secretary of State Sumner Welles was chairperson of the fifteen member committee, which included two people from outside the State Department, Norman Davis of the Council on Foreign Relations and George Rublee of the Intergovernmental Committee on Political Refugees. Pasvolsky headed the economics subcommittee. Other members from the State Department included Assistant Secretary Adolf A. Berle, Herbert Feis and Political Advisor Stanley K. Hornbeck. The committee came up with tentative ideas about a world organization, reviving some aspects of the League of Nations design. The sketch included an "Executive Council" and a "General Assembly" with different powers, but the League's principle of unanimity was to be replaced by some type of majority rule. The organization was envisioned to be based on nine regional blocs represented in the assembly, and with an independent police force. After the phony war in Europe became a real one, the committee became defunct in the summer of 1940.
Notes
References
Rofe, J Simon, "The Roosevelt Administration's Essential Dilemma during the ‘Phony War': Pre-war Postwar Planning and the case of the Advisory Committee on Problems in Foreign Relations". Diplomacy and Statecraft Vol.22:3 2012
History of the government of the United States
Politics of World War II
United States Department of State
American advisory organizations
Poecilasthena subpurpureata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It was first described by Francis Walker in 1863 and it is endemic to New Zealand. A synomic species, Astheniodes polycymaria (the two species have almost identical male genitalia), has a holotype that was recorded by George Hampson as being from India, which, as Dayong Xue and Malcolm J. Scoble point out in their paper, would be a very strange distribution pattern. Louis Beethoven Prout reasonably calls this an error in their 1926 paper.
References
Moths described in 1863
Poecilasthena
Moths of New Zealand
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Taxa named by Francis Walker (entomologist)
is a video game series created by Hideo Kojima and published by Konami. The series consists entirely of portable games for the Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS, and is notable for its unique inclusion of a built-in solar sensor required for gameplay. The final game in the series made use of the solar sensor optional, and did not include one by default. The series revolves around vampire hunters who must use sunlight-based weaponry to combat evil undead creatures. Critics praised the games' unconventional design, although the requirement to play the game outdoors, in order to bring the most color out of the screen of the Game Boy Advance, ensured that it had only a niche audience, with the third game in the series not receiving a release outside of Japan.
Games
Boktai: The Sun Is in Your Hand
Boktai 2: Solar Boy Django
Boktai 3: Sabata's Counterattack
Lunar Knights
Reception
Jeremy Parish of USgamer called Boktai similar to a mash-up of Metal Gear and Castlevania, although remarking that there was more to it than this, as the games also drew heavily on spaghetti westerns. They called the requirement to charge the player's gun using actual sunlight "baroque and complex", and an "extreme solution", but "perfectly fitting coming from Hideo Kojima, a man known for their love of manipulating audiences and breaking the fourth wall". Citing how they found memorable real-life places to play Boktai, they stated that "the lengths to which I went to complete Boktai made it one of the most memorable gaming experiences I've ever enjoyed".
Lean-Karlo Lemus of Ars Technica called the Boktai series "ultimately a victim of Konami's fickle nature", citing their decision not to release Boktai 3 outside of Japan. They also stated their wish for other games to use similar techniques, saying that while "the Switch Joy-Con and its powerful built-in infrared sensor puts Boktai's UV sensor to shame [...] outside of Nintendo Labo, precious few titles have used it in any meaningful capacity".
References
Video game franchises introduced in 2003
Konami franchises
Video games about vampires
Boktai
Video games produced by Hideo Kojima
Çavuşköy is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Carré ViiiP 2011 was a rip-off of the French version of the reality show Big Brother carrying on from a previous similar show, Loft Story. It aired on TF1 and was presented by Elsa Fayer, also the presenter of Qui veut épouser mon fils?. The series began filming on March 18, 2011, when 16 people entered a purpose-built house on the outskirts of Paris. The show was originally set to run until May 27, 2011. However, following bad ratings TF1 decided to end the show on March 31, 2011, only 13 days after it had begun.
The show resembles the NRJ12 program Les Anges de la télé-réalité because of a review of former reality TV candidates.
Scenario
The scenario of Carré ViiiP resembles that of other reality TV programs of confinement: sixteen candidates (eight of whom were stars of earlier French reality TV and eight unknowns) are locked in the largest space ever built for a reality TV show (700m², excluding the external area), appointed in comfort and luxury worthy of the grandest palace (spa, jacuzzi, sauna, massage room). A large pool is at the center of the room to allow candidates to swim. Outside, there is a large terrace for sunny days. This space is built in La Plaine Saint-Denis, as is the case with many TV reality shows. At the end of the adventure, one of sixteen participants will walk away with the jackpot of €150,000. Due to the show's premature cancellation, the prize money was not given, as there was no winner. According to Le Parisien, all sixteen candidates were instead paid an undisclosed signed term fee, as if they had spent ten weeks in the house.
Housemates
ViiiP
Wannaviiip
Guest Star
Mickaël Vendetta (La Ferme Célébrités 2010 's winner) during the first week.
Jean-Marc Morandini (Presenter of Morandini!) during the Day 11 (week 2).
Tops & Flops
Every Monday, the ViiiPomètre tells Viiips and Wannaviiips their popularity outside the show.
Nominations Table
Housemates are split into two teams.
– ViiiP: Benoît, Thomas, Afida, Giuseppe, Cindy, FX, Marjolaine and Alexandra.
– Wannaviiip: Candice, Noam, Kévin, Aurélie, Beverly, JP, Alexandre and Xénia.
Each week, Viiips and Wannaviiips each nominate two people of the opposite team that they want to face the public vote. Every week, the most popular housemate will be exempt.
Percentages
Week 1:
Round 1: FX (39%)
Round 2: Afida (41%), Alexandre (38%)
Evicted: Xenia (21%).
Week 2:
Round 1:
Round 2:
Evicted:
References
External links
Official website for Carré ViiiP
2011 French television seasons
This is a list of the grade I listed buildings in the City of Bradford. In the United Kingdom, the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical or cultural significance; Grade I structures are those on account of their special architectural or historic interest. In England, the authority for listing under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990 rests with English Heritage, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
The city of Bradford is a metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England, established by the Local Government Act 1972. It covers a number of other outlying towns and villages, which had previously been covered by separate municipal borough, urban and rural district councils. The buildings are listed according to their individual towns, with Bradford having the most listed buildings, with a total of seven. Ilkley has four, with one of those being three stones outside All Saints Parish Church. Keighley has three listed buildings, Addingham has two, and Bingley and Shipley each have one.
Addingham
Bingley
Bradford
Ilkley
Keighley
Shipley
See also
Conservation in the United Kingdom
References
Buildings and structures in the City of Bradford
Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Lists of Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire
The Darling Fault is one of the longest and most significant faults in Australia, extending for at least 1500 km in a north–south orientation near the west coast of southern Western Australia. It is a major geological boundary separating the Archaean Yilgarn Craton in the east from the younger Pinjarra Orogen and overlying Phanerozoic Perth Basin to the west. The fault zone is very ancient and initially formed during the Proterozoic Eon.
In the Perth area, the Darling Fault must once have coincided with the Darling Scarp, the abrupt escarpment immediately east of the city of Perth, but the scarp has since eroded eastward of the fault, leaving a formation of foothills known as the Ridge Hill Shelf. The fault is located on the western edge of the Ridge Hill Shelf; a good reference point of its location is the point where the Great Eastern Highway passes over the current Eastern railway line in Bellevue. When Greater Perth is looked from an aerial perspective, a faint line can be seen running down the edge of the hills.
Notes
References
Myers, J. S. (1992) Pinjarra Orogen, in Geology and Mineral Resources of Western Australia: Western Australia Geological Survey, Memoir 3, 77–119.
Geology of Western Australia
Darling Range
Seismic faults of Australia
"Emotionless" is a song by the American rock band Red Sun Rising. It was released on January 4, 2016 on their third album Polyester Zeal as the second single. A longer version of the song was previously released on their EP "Into Forever."
Charts
See also
List of Billboard Mainstream Rock number-one songs of the 2010s
References
2015 songs
2016 singles
Razor & Tie singles
Song recordings produced by Bob Marlette
Heroic Age may refer to:
Periods of time
British Heroic Age, 4th to 7th centuries AD, the period in the years after the departure of Roman military forces from Britain and before Anglo-Saxon (and ultimately Norman) dominance over much of the island of Britain; defined by a recentering of Celtic culture, including the bardic system of poetry in homage to local warlords, and the appearance of early Welsh language texts. This is the era in which the King Arthur myth emerges, along with other figures who would later partake in this mythological system (including the bard Taliesin).
Greek Heroic Age, in Greek mythology, the period at which semi-divine and human heroes are supposed to have lived, between the coming of the Greeks to Thessaly and the Greek return from Troy. Considered one of the Five Ages of Man.
Germanic Heroic Age, 4th and 5th centuries AD, period of early historic or quasi-historic events reflected in Germanic heroic poetry.
Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration, from 1895–1917, when the Antarctic continent was a focus of international efforts towards exploration.
Heroic Age of Medicine, c. 1780 – 1850, when aggressive medical techniques were used. See Heroic medicine.
Literature and published works
Heroic Age (literary theory) postulated by some scholars of oral and traditional literature, as a stage in the development of human societies likely to give rise to legends about heroic deeds
Heroic Age (TV series), an anime series produced by Xebec in 2007
Heroic Age (comics), a Marvel Comics storyline which began in 2010
The Heroic Age (journal), an academic journal published since 1999 and dedicated to Northwestern Europe during the early medieval period, from the early 4th through 13th centuries
The Heroic Age of American Invention, 1961 children's science book
"The Heroic Age" is a book by Stratis Haviaras, about a group of children aged six to fourteen (the heroic age) which are refugees of the Greek Civil War
Gosforth East may refer to:
East Gosforth
Gosforth East Middle School, a middle school in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, England
Don L. McCorkell, Jr is an American politician and filmmaker who served as a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives representing the 72nd district between 1979 and 1996.
They ran unsuccessful Democratic primary campaigns in the 1996 United States Senate election in Oklahoma and 2006 Tulsa mayoral election.
Career
Politics
Don McCorkell represented the 72nd district of the Oklahoma House of Representatives between 1978 and 1996.
In 1996, McCorkell retired to run in the Democratic primary for one of Oklahoma's United States Senate seats. Their campaign's top priorities were economic development and education.
In 2006, McCorkell lost the Tulsa mayoral Democratic primary to Kathy Taylor. They spent $1 million self financing their campaign. During the primary they accused Taylor of voter fraud in the 2000 election, however the district attorneys' office did not file charges.
Film
After the 2006 mayoral election, McCorkell travelled to Santa Barbara to visit and eventually moved to the area. There they began making environmental documentaries. Their 2008 documentary, Shall We Gather at the River, was critically acclaimed throughout the western United States.
Filmography
References
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
American filmmakers
Living people
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Oklahoma Democrats
Year of birth missing (living people)
Politicians from Baltimore
The Mississippi Humanities Council is a private not-for-profit corporation funded by the United States Congress and the National Endowment for the Humanities. Its mission is "to provide public programs in traditional liberal arts disciplines to serve nonprofit groups in Mississippi." The Mississippi Humanities Council belongs to a group of 55 other such state and territorial humanities councils that receive Federal support. The MHC was founded in 1972.
The Mississippi Humanities Council sponsors a number of programs annually. These include awards recognizing post-secondary educators in the humanities. Other "public humanities" awards recognize citizens who advance the study and understanding of humanities among the citizens of Mississippi.
The MHC also supports adult and family literacy programs.
Sources
Mississippi Humanities Council website
References
National Endowment for the Humanities
Non-profit organizations based in Mississippi
Eurytides orabilis is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is native to the Americas.
Description
The wingspan of E. orabilis is . Both sexes are similar. The fore wing is black with the basal, postbasal, and postmedian areas being a cream-white color. A black stripe crosses through the middle of the cream-white area from the costa. The apical area has two creamy spots. The hind wing is black with cream-white basal, postbasal, and posmedian areas. A small red spot is present on the anal margin. The tails are black with yellowish tips.
Subspecies
Eurytides orabilis orabilis (Butler, 1872)
Eurytides orabilis isocharis (Rothschild & Jordan 1906)
Distribution
The nominate subspecies, E. o. orabilis, is found from Panama to Guatemala, and is also found on Costa Rica. E. o. isocharis is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Behavior
Males often fly above the tree canopy, while females fly along forest edges and streams. Adults use Hernandia didymantha and Cordia megalantha as nectar sources. Freshly emerged males will puddle on wet sand near the edges of streams.
Life cycle
Females lay their white eggs singly on the leaves of Guatteria oliviformis and Guatteria tonduzii. The first instars of the caterpillar are gray-brown, with a saddle on the abdominal segments. The head is black, and the anal plate on the abdomen is yellow-green. The fifth instar is green with black spots on the thoracic segments. The first two and last three abdominal segments are also spotted with black. The osmeterium is yellow.
References
Lewis, H. L., 1974 Butterflies of the World Page 23, figure 24
Eurytides
Butterflies of Central America
Papilionidae of South America
Lepidoptera of Colombia
Lepidoptera of Ecuador
Fauna of the Amazon
Butterflies described in 1872
Thailand competed in the 2021 Asian Youth Para Games which will be held in Manama, Bahrain from 2 to 6 December 2021. Thailand contingent has 107 athletes who will compete in nine sports.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors in the Games:
Medalists
References
Thailand 2021
Asian Youth Para Games
Asian Youth Para Games, 2021
Nations at the 2021 Asian Youth Para Games
The brown-headed thrush (Turdus chrysolaus), sometimes known as the brown thrush, is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It breeds in Sakhalin, the Kuril Islands and Japan; it winters in south toward the Ryukyu Islands, Taiwan, Hainan and the northern Philippines. Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
References
External links
brown-headed thrush
Birds of Japan
brown-headed thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Charles Olson publishes their seminal essay, "Projective Verse". In this, they call for a poetry of "open field" composition to replace traditional closed poetic forms with an improvised form that should reflect exactly the content of the poem. This form is to be based on the line, and each line is to be a unit of breath and of utterance. The content is to consist of "one perception immediately and directly (leading) to a further perception". This essay becomes a kind of de facto manifesto for the Black Mountain poets.
George Oppen and their wife, Mary, move from the United States to Mexico, where their links to Communism are less problematic.
The Beloit Poetry Journal is founded by Robert Glauber and Chad Walsh. It is intended to be a publication of Beloit College since Walsh is an English teacher there.
Pioneer Press founded in Jamaica.
Saint Lucia Arts Guild founded by Derek and Roderick Walcott.
Works published in English
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
Canada
Dorothy Livesay, Call My People Home, Canada
James Wreford Watson, Of Time and the Lover (Toronto: McClelland & Stewart).
India, in English
Sri Aurobindo, Savitri ( Poetry in English ), Pondicherry: Sri Aurobindo Ashram
R. Bhagavan, Poems ( Poetry in English ), the author's first book of poems, Calcutta: Writers Workshop; India .
Doreen W. Wickremasinghe, editor, Poems of East & West, Colombo: Colombo Apothecaries Co., 170 pages; anthology; Ceylon (now Sri Lanka),
New Zealand
Ursula Bethell, Collected Poems, Christchurch: Caxton Press (posthumous)
Alistair Campbell, Mine Eyes Dazzle, Christchurch: Pegasus Press, including "The Return" and "Elegy"
M. K. Joseph, Imaginary Islands
Kendrick Smithyman, The Blind Mountain, Caxton
Hubert Witheford, The Shadow of the Flame
United Kingdom
W. H. Auden, Collected Shorter Poems 1930-1944, published March 9; English poet living in the United States at this time
George Barker, The True Confession of George Barker
Basil Bunting, Poems: 1950
Norman Cameron, Forgive Me, Sire, and Other Poems
Walter de la Mare, Inward Companion, published in October
Robert Duncan, The Mongrel, and Other Poems
David Gascoyne, A Vagrant, and Other Poems
Robert Gittings, Wentworth Place.
John Heath-Stubbs and David Wright, editors, The Forsaken Garden: An Anthology of Poetry 1824-1909
John Heath-Stubbs, The Swarming of the Bees
Margery Lawrence, Fourteen to Forty-Eight: a diary in verse
Ewart Milne, Diamond Cut Diamond, Irish poet published in the UK
Mervyn Peake, The Glassblowers
James Reeves, The Wandering Moon
Jon Silkin, The Portrait, and Other Poems
Stevie Smith, Harold's Leap
United States
W. H. Auden, Collected Shorter Poems 1930-1944 (English poet living at this time in the United States)
E. E. Cummings, XAIPE: 71 Poems
Leah Bodine Drake, A Hornbook for Witches
Robert Duncan, Medieval Scenes
Richard Eberhart, An Herb Basket
Robert Lowell, Poems 1938–1949
Mid-Century American Poets, an anthology including poets who came to prominence in the 1940s, including Robert Lowell, Muriel Rukeyser, Karl Shapiro, Elizabeth Bishop, Theodore Roethke, Randall Jarrell, and John Ciardi
Theodore Morrison, The Dream of Alcestis
Howard Nemerov, Guide to the Ruins
John Frederick Nims, A Fountain in Kentucky
Ezra Pound, Seventy Cantos
Carl Sandburg, Complete Poems
Delmore Schwartz, Vaudeville for a Princess
William Jay Smith, Celebration at Dark
Wallace Stevens, The Auroras of Autumn, includes "The Auroras of Autumn," "Large Red Man Reading," "In a Bad Time," "The Ultimate Poem Is Abstract," "Bouquet of Roses in Sunlight," "An Ordinary Evening in New Haven," and "A Primitive Like an Orb"), Knopf
Peter Viereck, Strike Through the Mask! New Lyrical Poems
Richard Wilbur, Ceremony and Other Poems, New York: Reynal and Hitchcock
William Carlos Williams, The Collected Later Poems
Other in English
Nancy Cato, The Darkened Window, Australia
Works published in other languages
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
France
Aimé Césaire, Corps perdu, Martinique author published in France; Paris: Fragrance
René Char, Les Matinaux
Jean Follain, Chef-Lieu
Jean Grosjean, Hypotases
Henri Michaux, Passages
Raymond Queneau, Petite cosmogonie portative
Roger-Arnould Rivière, Nuit et Jour
Tristan Tzara, pen name of Sami Rosenstock, Parler seul
Germany
Berthold Brecht writes the Children's Hymn, a poem protesting what they felt was Nazi corruption of the Deutschlandlied.
Hebrew
Haim Gouri, Ad A lot Ha-Shahar ("Till Dawn"), poetry and war diary, Israeli writing in Hebrew
Hillel Omer (who wrote under the name "Ayin Hillel"), Eretz Ha-Tzohorayim ("The Noon Country"), Publisher: Sifriat Poalim; Israel
India
Listed in alphabetical order by first name:
Bhagvati Charan Varma, Tara, Hindi verse play
Bhatt Damodar Kesavaji, pen name Sudhansu Ramasagar, Indian, Gujarati
G. Sankara Kurup, Odakkuzhal (The Bamboo Flute), Malayalam
Buddhidhari Singha, Aves, Maithili
Khalilur Rahman, A'inah Khane men, Urdu
Madhunapantula Satyanarayanashastri, Andhra Racayitalu, Telugu-language poet (surname: Satyanarayanashastri)
Rentala Gopalakrishna, Sangharsana Telugu
Subhas Mukhopadhyay, Cirkut, Bengali
Sreedhara Menon, Srirekha, Malayalam
Other languages
Nezihe Araz, Benim Dünyam ("My World"), Turkey
García Baena, Antiguo Muchacho ("Boy of Yore"); Spain
Alexander Mezhirov, Коммунисты, вперёд! ("Communists, Ahead!"), includes the title poem, which was first published in 1948; reprinted 1952
Pablo Neruda, Canto General, Chilean poet
Nizar Qabbani, You Are Mine, Syrian poet writing in Arabic
Awards and honors
Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress (later the post would be called "Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress"): Conrad Aiken appointed this year.
Harriet Monroe Prize from Poetry magazine: E.E. Cummings
National Book Award for Poetry: William Carlos Williams, Paterson: Book III and Selected Poems
Pulitzer Prize for poetry: Gwendolyn Brooks, Annie Allen (first African American winner)
Bollingen Prize: Wallace Stevens
Fellowship of the Academy of American Poets: E. E. Cummings
Canada: Governor General's Award, poetry or drama: Of Time and the Lover, Charles Wreford Watson
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 1 – James Richardson, American poet and academic
January 20 – Edward Hirsch, American poet and academic
February 6 – Deborah Digges (died 2009), American poet and academic
March 5 – Jack Bedson, Australian writer, poet, children's picture book author and university librarian
April 4 – Charles Bernstein, American poet, critic, editor and teacher
April 28:
Carolyn Forché, American poet, editor and human rights advocate
Brian Brett, Canadian poet and novelist
May 9:
Christopher Dewdney, avant-garde Canadian poet
Jorie Graham American poet and the editor of numerous volumes of poetry
Tato Laviera, Puerto Rician-American poet and author (died 2013)
May 22 – Bernie Taupin, English lyricist
June 5 – John Yau, American poet and critic
June 21 – Anne Carson, Canadian poet, essayist, translator and academic
July 1 – Ekram Ali, Indian Bengali poet and critic
August 7 – T. R. Hummer, American
August 8 – Philip Salom, Australian poet and novelist
August 12 – Medbh McGuckian, Northern Ireland poet
August 20 – Chase Twichell, American poet and owner of their own publishing company, Ausable Press
September 1 – John Forbes (died 1998), Australian
September 17 – Narendra Modi, Indian politician and poet
September 30 – Shaunt Basmajian (died 1990), Canadian
October 8 – Blake Morrison, English poet, critic and writer
October 24 – Syed Kawsar Jamal Indian Bengali poet and essayist
November 20 – E. Ethelbert Miller, African American
December 20 – Sheenagh Pugh, British
December 24 – Dana Gioia, American poet who retires early from their career as a corporate executive at General Foods to write full-time and later chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts
Also:
Anthony J. Bennett, Australian
Charles Buckmaster (died 1972), Australian
Frances Chung (died 1990), American
Rodney Jones, American poet and academic
William Logan, American poet, critic and academic
Muntazir Baba (died 2018), Indian-born Pakistani Pashto poet
Sandy Shreve, Canadian
Nicolette Stasko, American-born Australian poet, teacher and editor; has a daughter with David Brooks
Arthur Sze, American
Grace Nichols, Guyanese in England
Komninos Zervos (also known as "kominos"), Australian performance poet
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
March 5 – Edgar Lee Masters (born 1868), American poet, biographer and dramatist
May 4 – William Rose Benét (born 1886), American poet, writer, editor, and the older brother of Stephen Vincent Benét
May 20 – John Gould Fletcher (born 1886), Pulitzer Prize-winning American, Imagist poet and author
August 27 – Cesare Pavese (born 1908) Italian poet, novelist, literary critic and translator
October 19 – Edna St. Vincent Millay, 58 (born 1892), of a heart attack;
September 17 – Hoshino Tenchi 星野天知 (born 1862), Meiji period poet and martial arts master; a co-founder of Bungakukai literary magazine; 8th Grand Master and a teacher of the Yagyu Shinkage-ryu martial-arts school (surname: Hoshino)
December 5 – Sri Aurobindo (Bengali: শ্রী অরবিন্দ Sri Ôrobindo) (born 1872), Indian nationalist, poet, Yogi and spiritual Guru writing mostly in English
December 25
Ridgely Torrence (born 1874), American
Xavier Villaurrutia (born 1903), Mexican poet and dramatist
December 26 – James Stephens (born 1880), Irish poet and novelist
Also:
Khavirakpan (born 1895), Indian, Meitei language poet
See also
Poetry
List of poetry awards
List of years in poetry
Notes
20th-century poetry
Poetry
The Pop Years was a British television show that reviewed pop music of a certain year from 1980 to 1999. It was first shown on Sky1 in 2003 and was later repeated on Sky3. The programme featured archive clips relating to the particular year that it was reviewing, e.g. music videos or live performances. It also featured interviews with famous singers from that year and talking heads who enjoyed that year's music. The show ran for a single series of 20 episodes and was narrated by Scott Mills and Edith Bowman.
Pundits
The Pop Years contained interviews with many celebrities, who acted as pundits or talking heads for the show, and discussed various aspects of the year that was being featured. Some of these included:
Alan Carr
Ali Bastian
Andrew Collins
Anthony Wilson
Betty Boo
Brandon Block
Claire Sweeney
Clint Boon
Colin Murray
Darius Campbell
Don Letts
Holly Valance
James Redmond
Jazzie B
Julia Carling
Kate Lawler
Kerry Katona
Limahl
Louis Walsh
Mark Goodier
MC Hammer
Pete Burns
Pete Tong
Pete Waterman
Peter Powell
Sally Lindsay
Shaun Ryder
Simon Cowell
Toby Anstis
Tony Hadley
See also
List of programmes broadcast by Sky1
External links
2000s British music television series
2003 British television series debuts
2003 British television series endings
English-language television shows
British music television shows
Pop music television series
Sky UK original programming
Television series by ITV Studios
London Weekend Television shows
Darmstadt is a census-designated place in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 68 as of the 2010 census.
Demographics
History
Darmstadt was laid out in 1855. The community was named after Darmstadt, in Germany. A post office called Darmstadt was established in 1864, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907.
References
Census-designated places in St. Clair County, Illinois
Census-designated places in Illinois
Mount Hermon is an unincorporated community in northwestern Washington Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the home of the Yellow Jackets of Mount Hermon High School. The Mile Branch Settlement at the Washington Parish Free Fair is the current home of the old one room school house that was originally built by the pioneers of Mount Hermon, Louisiana.
After the civil war, the Ott family donated their land for a school house to be built on.
Mount Hermon is part of the Washington Parish School Board, alongside other schools such as Franklinton, Pine, and Varnado.
The Louisiana politician Jesse Homer Bankston, Sr., was born in Mount Hermon as was Lionel Ott, a member of the Louisiana State Senate and the New Orleans City Council in the 1940s and 1950s.
Unincorporated communities in Washington Parish, Louisiana
Unincorporated communities in Louisiana
The Trackboyz are an American hip hop production team consisting of Mark "Tarboy" Williams Joe "Capo" Kent, Travis "Tizzle" Miller, Marlon "Tracmajor" Byrd, Rodrick "PubG" Finch & DJ D-Rocc from St. Louis, Missouri. Among the hits they have engineered include Nelly's "Air Force Ones" (number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100), D12's 40 Oz., Nappy Roots "Po' Folks" (number 21) and J-Kwon's "Tipsy" (number 2). The Trackboyz signed with Def Jam Records. The newest project includes the song "Hips" from Adina Howard on their new release for the album Private Show.
Partial production discography
External links
LA Reid Signs Trackboyz To Def Jam
Cool Eh Mag interview
American hip hop record producers
Hip hop duos
Record production duos
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Ayaori Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 41.1 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has a single side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
History
Ayaori Station opened on 15 December 1914 as a station on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The line was nationalized in 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
Ayaori Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Sancho de Larrosa (died 10 September 1142) was a Spanish ecclesiastic: a priest in the cathedral of Huesca, from 1101 to 1104 regent of the monastery of San Adrián de Sasabe and from 1122 until their death the bishop of Pamplona.
In 1141, Sancho approved the creation of a Cluniac priory at San Adrián de Vadoluengo.
Sancho was an accomplished scribe and miniaturist. As a cathedral canon in Huesca, they composed documents for Bishop Stephen (1099–1130) in an elegant Caroline book hand. As bishop, they often accompanied their signature with a pictorial signum: the head of a bearded man.
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
J. Goñi Gaztambide, "Los obispos de Pamplona en el siglo XII," Anthologica annua, XIII (1965), 134–358.
1142 deaths
Bishops of Pamplona
Pranciškus Tupikas (January 2, 1929 – July 16, 2015) was a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 they were among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
References
Biography
1929 births
2015 deaths
Members of the Seimas
Polistes actaeon is a species of social paper wasp found in southern Brazil.
References
External links
Polistes actaeon at ZipcodeZoo
Hymenoptera of Europe
Hymenoptera of Asia
actaeon
Insects described in 1836
Eupatilin (5,7-Dihydroxy-3',4',6-trimethoxyflavone) is an O-methylated flavone, a type of flavonoids. It can be found in Artemisia asiatica (Asteraceae).
References
O-methylated flavones
Flavonoids found in Asteraceae
Drugs acting on the gastrointestinal system and metabolism
Gmod or GMOD may refer to:
Generic Model Organism Database (GMOD), a software project for model organism databases
.GMOD, file extension for Golgotha 3D models; See List of filename extensions (F–L)
Gamma-ray MODule (GMOD), an instrument on the satellite EIRSAT-1
G-module (G-Mod), in mathematics
Garry's Mod (GMod), a sandbox modification for the first-person shooter video game Half-Life 2
Kolarica (, also spelled Kolerica) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Krško in northeastern Slovenia. It is now part of the village of Slivje. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Lower Sava Statistical Region.
Geography
Kolarica stands southeast of the village center of Slivje.
History
Kolarica was annexed by Slivje in 1953, ending its existence as an independent settlement.
References
External links
Kolarica at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Krško
Former settlements in Slovenia
Château de Chamirey is a wine producer in the town of Mercurey, in Burgundy, France that produces white and red wine. They are best known for their Monopole wines, the Les Ruelles 1er cru red and the La Mission 1er cru white. The estate holds in Mercurey. of the estate's holdings are premier cru, of which are monopole vineyards
History
The château dates back to the early 18th century. At the end of the 18th century, a fire destroyed the adjacent chapel.
The château was acquired by the Marquis de Jouennes in 1932 and in 1934 they decided to begin estate bottling at Château de Chamirey. Their son-in-law, Bertrand Devillard, took over the estate after that, and expanded the holdings to their present size.
Today, Amaury and Aurore Devillard, the grandchildren of Marquis de Jouennes, own the estate. The property is also used as a bottling facility for other Domaine Devillard owned estates, including Domaine de Perdrix, Domaine de la Ferte, Domaine du Cellier aux Moines and Domaine de La Garenne.
Vineyards, viticulture, and winemaking
Les Ruelles Premier Cru
Les Ruelles is a monopole of Château de Chamirey. The wine is made from hand-harvested, destemmed grapes, with fermentation taking place in open tanks over 15–18 days. It is aged in barrels, 25% of which are new. 100% malolactic fermentation takes place.
Grape variety: Pinot noir
Vineyard holding:
La Mission Premier Cru
La Mission is a monopole of Château de Chamirey. The wine is made from hand-harvested grapes. It is entirely fermented and aged in barrels, 30% of which are new. 100% malolactic fermentation takes place.
Grape variety: Chardonnay
Vineyard holding:
Clos du Roi Premier Cru
Clos du Roi is made from hand-harvested, destemmed grapes, with fermentation taking place in open tanks over 15–18 days. It is aged in barrels, 50% of which are new. 100% malolactic fermentation takes place.
Grape variety: Pinot noir
Vineyard holding:
Château de Chamirey Mercurey Rouge
The Château's village-level red wine is made from grapes harvested from a dozen vineyards, including 4 premier cru—Champs Martins, Clos l'Evêque, En Sazeney, and Clos du Roi. The wine is made from hand-harvested, destemmed grapes, with fermentation taking place in open tanks over 15–18 days. It is aged in barrels, 30 to 40% of which are new. 100% malolactic fermentation takes place.
Grape variety: Pinot noir
Vineyard holding:
Château de Chamirey Mercurey Blanc
The Château's village-level white wine is made from grapes harvested from five vineyards. The wine is made from hand-harvested grapes. 15% of it is fermented and aged in barrels, 10% of which are new. 100% malolactic fermentation takes place.
Grape variety: Chardonnay
Vineyard holding:
See also
French wine
References
External links
Château de Chamirey official site
Burgundy (historical region) wine producers
Côte-d'Or
James Douglas Higgins, (December 4, 1913 – October 10, 1974) was a lawyer, politician, judge and athlete. They represented St. John's East from 1951 to 1959 in the Newfoundland House of Assembly as a Progressive Conservative. They were the first leader of the United Newfoundland Party which was formed in 1959.
The son of William J. Higgins and Mary Patricia McGirr, they were born in St. John's and was educated at Saint Bonaventure's College and Memorial University. Higgins studied law with Charles Edward Hunt and was called to the Newfoundland bar in 1937. They married Catherine Comerford.
In 1949, they were elected to the municipal council for St. John's; they were reelected in 1953, 1957 and 1961. Higgins served as deputy mayor from 1953 to 1961. They were elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1951 and was reelected in 1956. In 1959, the Newfoundland Progressive Conservative Party split over a dispute with the Canadian government regarding the terms of union between Newfoundland and Canada. Higgins and Augustine Duffy left they party to form the United Newfoundland Party with John R. O'Dea; Higgins was chosen as leader. However, they were defeated when they ran for reelection in 1959. They ran again unsuccessfully for reelection to the provincial assembly as a Liberal in 1962.
Higgins was named a Queen's Counsel in 1956. They were appointed to the Supreme Court of Newfoundland in 1963. In 1964, they were appointed Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great by Pope Paul VI. Higgins chaired a 1966 Royal Commission which recommended an increase in the minimum wage and various other changes to the provincial labour laws. They also chaired the 1973 Newfoundland Electoral Boundaries Commission.
Higgins took part in the Royal St. John's Regatta for many years. They served on the committee for the Regatta from 1930, serving as president from 1949 to 1964 and was later named honorary president for life. They were president of the St. John's Football League from 1939 to 1961. On October 9, 1974, Higgins was named chairperson of the board of governors for the Newfoundland Sports Hall of Fame. They died the following day after suffering a heart attack.
They were named to the Sport Newfoundland and Labrador Hall of Fame in 1981.
References
1913 births
1974 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador city councillors
Judges in Newfoundland and Labrador
Knights of St. Gregory the Great
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Sneathiella chungangensis is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, non-spore-forming and motile bacterium from the genus of Sneathiella which has been isolated from marine sand.
References
External links
Type strain of Sneathiella chungangensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Alphaproteobacteria
Bacteria described in 2014
Vexillological symbols are used by vexillologists to indicate certain characteristics of national flags, such as where they are used, who uses them, and what they look like. The set of symbols described in this article are known as international flag identification symbols (IFIS), which were devised by Whitney Smith.
National flag variants by use
Some countries use a single flag design to serve as the national flag in all contexts of use; others use multiple flags that serve as the national flag, depending on context (i.e., who is flying the national flag and where). The six basic contexts of use (and potential variants of a national flag) are:
Civil flag – Flown by citizens on land.
State flag – Flown on public buildings.
War flag – Flown on military buildings.
Civil ensign – Flown on private vessels (fishing craft, cruise ships, yachts, etc.).
State ensign – Flown on unarmed government vessels.
Naval ensign – Flown on warships.
In practice, a single design may be associated with multiple such usages; for example, a single design may serve a dual role as war flag and ensign. Even with such combinations, this framework is not complete: some countries define designs for usage contexts not expressible in this scheme such as air force ensigns (distinct from war flags or war ensigns, flown as the national flag at air bases; for example, see Royal Air Force Ensign) and civil air ensigns.
Combinations
Other symbols
Other symbols are used to describe how a flag looks, such as whether it has a different design on each side, or if it is hung vertically, etc. These are the symbols in general use:
Normal or de jure version of flag, or obverse side
Design was proposed in the past, but never officially adopted
Design is a reconstruction, based on past observations
Reverse side of flag
Design is an acceptable variant
Alternative version of flag
De facto version of flag
Flag has different designs on its obverse side and its reverse side
Obverse side meant to be hoisted with pole to the observer's right
Design officially authorized to represent nation by government of that nation
Design used in the past, but now abandoned (this symbol is not part of Smith's original set)
Reverse side is mirror image of obverse side
Reverse side is congruent to the obverse side
Information on reverse side is not available
Flag can be hung vertically by hoisting on a normal pole, then turning the pole 90°
Flag can be hung vertically by rotating the design first
Vertical hoist method of flag is unknown
Design has no element which can be rotated
Flags can only be hoisted vertically
Flag is not authorized to represent the group or country
In Unicode
In April 2017, a preliminary proposal to encode vexillology symbols was submitted to the Unicode Consortium.
Literature
Whitney Smith "The Flag Information Code" // The Flag Bulletin 21 (1982): 35
Željko Heimer "The FAME: Symbols and Abbreviations"
Joe McMillan "FIAV Flag Information Symbols" // Flags of the World
See also
Glossary of vexillology
References
Vexillology
The rock festival Vía de la Plata was held in 2008 in the city of Mérida, Spain.
On its first edition, that was the 11 July 2008, the headliner and first announced band of the show is the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. Other confirmed bands are Slayer, Iced Earth, Avenged Sevenfold, Lauren Harris, Rose Tattoo, Barón Rojo, Ra and Iced Earth, after the cancellation of the show of Mägo de Oz.
Lineups
External links
Via de la Plata Festival website
Notes and references
Rock festivals in Spain
2008 in music
Music festivals established in 2008
Heavy metal festivals in Spain
ITV News at 5:30 was an early morning news bulletin on the British television network ITV, which was broadcast from 15 February 1988 until 21 December 2012. It was produced by ITN.
The 30-minute programme covered British national and international news stories, a brief business update, a look at the morning's newspapers and regular NBC News segments and broadcasts at 5:30 am every day. In the event of a major news story, they occasionally went live to the scene or crossed to the newsroom.
History
The programme began as the ITN Morning News on 15 February 1988 with the advent of 24-hour television on ITV; preceding it throughout the night would be 90-second mini-bulletins, fronted by the same anchor as the Morning News. It originally ran for an hour from 5:00am and was the first pre-subscription television outlet in Britain to broadcast regular segments from CNN. The first thirty minutes included a broadcast of the ITN World News, a bulletin intended for the international audience and composed solely of major world stories, and the second thirty minutes focused on national news stories. The practice of including the ITN World News as part of an "hour-long" ITN Morning News ended by 4 March 1991, and the time slot was amended accordingly to 5:30am.
Some EPGs and TV listings referred to the programme as the ITV Early Morning News. On 2 November 2009 the ITV Morning News was renamed as simply ITV News to coincide with the re-branding of ITV News output.
On 27 November 2012, it was announced that ITV is to axe the bulletin in favour of delivering content online for itv.com and extra resources to be put into creating a new foreign affairs unit. The programme last aired on 21 December 2012.
Newscasters (1988–2012)
Ian Axton
Zeinab Badawi
Faye Barker
Richard Bath
Andrea Catherwood
Steve Clamp
Bob Crampton
Guy de Faye
Katie Derham
Ali Douglas
Steve Gaisford
Phil Gayle
Jon Gilbert
Alex Hyndman
Gwyn Jones
Jackie Kabler
Rachel McTavish
Joyce Ohajah
Nicholas Owen
Chris Rogers
Phil Roman
Salma Siraj
Alastair Stewart
John Suchet
Matt Teale
Owen Thomas
Denis Tuohy
Mark Webster
Charlene White
Tim Willcox
Sascha Williams
Reporter
Yao Chin (2008–2012)
References
External links
ITN.co.uk
1988 British television series debuts
1990s British television series
2000s British television series
2010s British television series
2012 British television series endings
ITN
ITV news shows
Simply Streisand (1967) is the ninth studio album released by Barbra Streisand.
The album was released simultaneously with A Christmas Album and was Streisand's first that failed to chart in the Top 10 of the Billboard 200 when it peaked at #12. Simply Streisand was recorded March 14, 15 and 20th, 1967. The album sold 250,000 in its first week in the market. It was certified Gold by RIAA on April 24, 2002.
Production
This was Streisand's first straight album — meaning songs in English, and without a TV special tie-in — since September 1964, when Columbia Records released People, even though "The Nearness of You" was played during the opening credits of Streisand's 1968 CBS-TV special, A Happening in Central Park, a year later. The liner notes for the LP were written by the composer Richard Rodgers: "No one is talented enough to sing with the depth of a fine cello or the lift of a climbing bird," they wrote. "Nobody, that is, except Barbra."
A song called "Look" (originally recorded for the previous album, Je m'appelle Barbra) was included as a b-side to the single: "Stout-Hearted Men". Streisand also recorded "Willow Weep for Me" and "Spring Can Really Hang You Up The Most" during these sessions. Both songs were not included in Simply Streisand. "Willow Weep For Me" was released in the fall of 2012.
Reception
The album received mixed to unfavorable reviews from music critics. William Ruhlmann from AllMusic website gave the album three out of five stars and wrote that "If this were the only Streisand album you ever heard, you'd still think they were good. It's only in comparison to what went before that it seems mediocre." Stephen Holden of The New York Times later wrote that Simply Streisand was similar to The Third Album (1964), "but it lacked the freshness of its prototype."
According to Billboard magazine, Columbia Records reports a sale of nearly 250,000 in its first two weeks on the market.
Track listing
Side one
"My Funny Valentine" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) – 2:22
From Babes in Arms (1937)
"The Nearness of You" (Hoagy Carmichael, Ned Washington) – 3:27
"When Sunny Gets Blue" (Marvin Fisher, Jack Segal) – 2:56
"Make the Man Love Me" (Dorothy Fields, Arthur Schwartz) – 2:26
From A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (1951)
"Lover Man (Oh, Where Can You Be?)" (Jimmy Davis, Roger Ramirez, James Sherman) - 2.50
Side two
"More Than You Know" (Edward Eliscu, Billy Rose, Vincent Youmans) – 3:29
"I'll Know" (Frank Loesser) – 2:47
From Guys and Dolls (1950)
"All the Things You Are" (Oscar Hammerstein II, Jerome Kern) – 3:36
From Very Warm for May (1939)
"The Boy Next Door" (Ralph Blane, Hugh Martin) – 2:50
From Meet Me in St. Louis (1944)
"Stout-Hearted Men" (Hammerstein, Sigmund Romberg) – 2:43
From The New Moon (1928)
Charts
Certifications
Personnel
Barbra Streisand – singer
Ray Ellis – arranger
David Shire – conductor
Frank Laico – recording engineer
Ray Gerhardt – recording engineer
James Moore – photographer
Richard Rodgers – liner notes
References
External links
Barbra Streisand Archives: Records/Simply Streisand
Barbra Streisand albums
Albums arranged by Ray Ellis
1967 albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums conducted by David Shire
Fauxliage is a musical project consisting of Canadian electronic musicians Bill Leeb and Rhys Fulber, both of Delerium and Front Line Assembly, and Leigh Nash of Sixpence None the Richer in 2007. The vocals are performed exclusively by Nash.
Many of the songs from this album have been on the soundtrack of the television series Moonlight.
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Leigh Nash – vocals, writing (1–4, 6–11)
Bill Leeb – writing (1–3, 6–11), production
Rhys Fulber – writing (4, 5), production
Leah Randi – bass (1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8), vocals (5)
Roy Salmond – guitar (1–3, 6–9), keyboard (1–3, 6–9), writing (1–3, 6–11)
Mike Hiratzka – programming (1)
Ashwin Sood – drums (2, 3, 9)
Emerson Swinford – guitar (2, 4, 5)
Mark Jowett – guitar (3, 6), programming (3, 6)
Andy Holt – programming (3, 6)
Chris Elliot – arrangement (4), keyboard (4), writing (4)
Technical personnel
Ted Jensen – mastering
Greg Reely – mixing
References
2007 albums
Collaborative albums
Nettwerk Records albums
Between Us Girls is a 1942 American drama film directed by Henry Koster and starring Diana Barrymore, Kay Francis, Robert Cummings, John Boles, Andy Devine, and Scotty Beckett.
The film was made by Universal Pictures. It is a remake of the 1934 Austrian film A Precocious Girl which had been made by the German subsidiary of the company Deutsche Universal.
This film is now in the public domain due to failure to renew copyright after 27 years.
Plot
Carrie, a strong-willed but mischievous 20-year-old actor, returns from a successful stage play in Detroit to New York to see their mother, Chris. After the two of them meet, Chris tells Carrie that they have a new boyfriend, Steve Forbes. Although they are in love with Steve, Chris admits that, because they worried that they would think of them as old if they knew they had a fully-grown daughter, they had implied to them during their conversations that Carrie was much younger.
Determined to help Chris succeed with Steve, Carrie disguises themselves as a twelve-year-old, braiding their hair in pigtails, wearing children's clothes, and acting immaturely when Steve and their younger friend Jim Blake arrive. (A picture of Carrie as an adult that Steve and Jim accidentally see is described as Chris' alcoholic sister.) Despite Carrie ostensibly being a child, they and Jim are attracted to one another, and when it is revealed that they have a girlfriend, Carrie concocts an elaborate set of excuses to keep them with her, resulting in their girlfriend leaving him. In one of their outings, Carrie's hand is cut at an ice-cream parlor; in another, they drive a car recklessly and is arrested for speeding, but is able to narrowly escape telling the truth about them age.
The night before Carrie is scheduled to return to Detroit to act in a stage adaptation of Joan of Arc, Carrie and Chris go to a nightclub to celebrate, where they run into Steve and Jim. As they appear to be an adult, Carrie is introduced once again as Chris' adult sister, but Jim realizes the truth after seeing the cut on their hand. Jim angrily leaves the party; Carrie follows him, entering their car and explaining the truth to them as they drive. The two of them stop next to a lake, and Jim throws them in for revenge, before driving off.
Later, Steve proposes marriage to Chris, and Chris explains the scheme. Meanwhile, after realizing they love Carrie, Jim sneaks onto the set of Joan of Arc, disguising themselves as a knight and proposing to their mid-scene. Without breaking character, Carrie accepts the proposal.
Cast
Diana Barrymore as Carrie
Robert Cummings as Jim Blake
Kay Francis as Chris
John Boles as Steve J. Forbes
Andy Devine as Mike Kilinsky
Ethel Griffies as Gallagher
Walter Catlett as Sergeant
Guinn Williams as Pop
Scotty Beckett as Little prince [Leopold]
Andrew Tombes as Doctor
Mary Treen as Marybelle
Irving Bacon as Soda clerk
Walter Woolf King as Actor [King]
Lillian Yarbo as Phoebe, the Maid
Production
The film was originally known as Boy Meets Baby. In January 1942 Universal announced that it would be produced and directed by Henry Koster; Koster had directed most of Deanna Durbin's films to date but this was their first as producer. The male lead would be Bob Cummings and the script would be by Leonard Spigelglass based on a play by Régis Gignoux and Jacques Théry.
Universal wanted Deanna Durbin to star but they were reluctant to make the movie. The studio attempted to borrow Mary Lee from Republic but could not agree to term. In March Universal cast Diana Barrymore who had just made Eagle Squadron (1941) for the studio. The title was changed to Love and Kisses, Caroline. The role involved the character having to play a 12-year-old girl, Sadie Thompson and Queen Victoria. Studio boss Cliff Work called it "the greatest part for a girl in 20 years."
The following month John Boles and Kay Francis joined the cast.
Shooting
Filming took place from April to July 1942.
Koster said Barrymore "was a hard person to cope with. They meant well but I think they had some of the mental difficulties their father had. They were always busy with other things when we wanted to shoot them scenes. Also it was not a good picture... They wanted to have a showcase for Diana Barrymore thinking that they might become a great actor. I don't think they had any of the Barrymore talent but they had the Madame Sans-Gene attitude on the set and in their private life. They are, well, may I say the poor man's Tallulah Bankhead."
Hedda Hopper visited the set to meet Barrymore. The day later Hopper wrote "Diana Barrymore is on the spot. With the great tradition of their family, they [Diana] can't behave like any other star out for a fling... She's likeable but has plenty to learn, and should stop playing around both on the set and in private life, which leads to those rumors floating around. No matter what Jack did, they treated the press as friend and she'd better change their tune – and quickly."
Hopper also wrote about an incident on set where Barrymore chased their then boyfriend Bramwell Fletcher all over the set to hit him."It interfered with the scene so Bob Cummings caught them and gave them a good sound spanking", wrote Hopper, "which delighted everybody on the set except for the youngest member of the Royal Family."
In June the film was retitled Between Us Girls.
Reception
The Los Angeles Times called Barrymore "delightful". Hedda Hopper said "Diana as yet has no grasp of real screen acting. Young, headstrong and inexperienced she's starring in a picture in which they might be better playing a bit."
See also
List of films in the public domain in the United States
A Precocious Girl (1934)
References
External links
1942 films
Films directed by Henry Koster
Universal Pictures films
1942 drama films
American drama films
American remakes of foreign films
Remakes of Austrian films
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
The Semorile Building, at 975 1st St. in Napa, California, was built in 1888. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It is a two-story commercial building built in 1888 of red brick and cut stone. It has an ornamental iron balcony on its second story and it has a parapet. It was designed by Napa architect Luther M. Turton in Italianate style.
The secretary of the Napa Historic Preservation Society wrote that this building is a landmark in downtown Napa and "easily the most refined example of Italianate commercial architecture in Napa".
It was built for the Semorile family which came in 1855 from Portofino, Italy to Mariposa, California, in Gold Rush country, and later moved to the Napa Valley. Bartholomew Semorile and their sons operated a grocery business in the building.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Napa County, California
Italianate architecture in California
Buildings and structures completed in 1888
Eischen's Bar is a bar and restaurant in Okarche, Oklahoma. It is the oldest bar in the state.
History
Eischen Bar was built by Peter Eischen as a watering hole in Oklahoma City in 1896. It closed during the Prohibition and reopened in the 1930s under the management of Peter's son, Nick.
Nick went on a hunting trip in the 1940s and won an 1800s spanish handmade backbar that was added to the watering hole. A fire struck the bar in 1993 which destroyed its memorabilia that lined the walls. Nick's grandsons, Ed Eischen, and Paul, opened the bar in less than a year.
References
Restaurants in Oklahoma
1896 establishments in Oklahoma Territory
Oklahoma Historical Society
Yuzhai is a town in Linquan County of Fuyang, Anhui, China.
References
Towns in Anhui
Hacıoğlan, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
5 was the sixth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2004.
Track listing
Starija (Older Woman)
Da isečeš vene (To Cut Your Veins)
Dijamanti (Diamonds)
Duplo piće (Double Drinks)
Do pola (In Half)
Govore mi tvoje oči (Your Eyes Tell Me)
Od splava do splava (From Raft to Raft)
Ne dam ti (I Won't Allow You)
References
2004 albums
Stoja albums
Grand Production albums
Piercarlo Beroldi (8 June 1928 – 21 October 2015) was an Italian sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1928 births
2015 deaths
Italian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Italy
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Province of Pavia
Gregg Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:
Gregg Township, Morgan County, Indiana
Gregg Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania
Gregg Township, Union County, Pennsylvania
Gilvam Pinheiro Borges (Brasilia, August 1, 1958) is a Brazilian sociologist and politician. They spent part of their youth in Brasilia, after which they moved to the state of Amapá.
In 1990, they became Federal Deputy elected by PRN. Two years later they became a member of the PMDB, in which capacity they competed in the election to the Senate. In 1994 they were elected Senator for Amapá. In 1998, applied to the Governor of Amapá, but they left the race after standing 3rd place in the polls.
After the trial of Senator João Capiberibe (In a case of purchase of votes in the election of 2002), Gilvam Borges took the vacancy in the Senate again as the first-alternate of the plate of the merge.
References
1958 births
Living people
Members of the Federal Senate (Brazil)
Brazilian Democratic Movement politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Brazil) from Amapá
Christian Labour Party politicians
The term citizen enterprise started to be used in the United States in 2008 to describe businesses that practice corporate social responsibility (CSR).
Information
In some countries, such as Papua New Guinea, the term is used to describe companies owned by citizens of that country, rather than by foreigners.
It should not be confused with social enterprise, which is a more complex notion involving origin, ownership and participation as well as objectives, activities and the use of profits.
References
2000s neologisms
Business terms
Wilson Grosset (born 15 October 1981) is an association footballer from Réunion. Currently playing for Etoile FC in the Singapore S.League, Grosset has plied their trade in the lower leagues in France, but has also made appearances for clubs in the Scottish Third Division and the Réunion Premier League. They play as a midfielder.
Career
In 2000, after a successful trial Grosset moved to then Scottish Third Division club Albion Rovers F.C. by then manager John McVeigh from Réunion Premier League club US Stade Tamponnaise. However, their spell was short, only making 6 appearances for the club, scoring once in Albion's 2-0 win over Montrose F.C.
After leaving Scotland, Grosset became somewhat of a Journeyman, playing for 4 clubs in the space of 4 months, before settling down with a 6-year stint with AS Poissy. In late 2006 they moved to FC Villefranche where they made 77 appearances for 17 goals.
They then moved abroad once more, signing a contract with Professional Singapore S.League club Etoile FC, making their debut in the Week 16, 7-2 loss to Albirex Niigata Singapore FC. Their first goal for the club however, would come soon thereafter with a tight 1-0 victory over Gombak United in the 2011 Singapore Cup. They would however go on to score a hat trick for Etoile in a 6-1 thumping over Tanjong Pagar.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
French footballers
Footballers from Réunion
AS Poissy players
FC Martigues players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
FC Villefranche Beaujolais players
RC Épernay Champagne players
Association football midfielders
Étoile FC players
Nikos Tsoukalos (; born 23 March 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a winger for Super League club Lamia.
References
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Gamma Ethniki players
Tyrnavos 2005 F.C. players
Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. players
PAS Lamia 1964 players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Lamia (city)
Edward Colston (1636–1721) was an English merchant, slave trader, philanthropist and Member of Parliament.
Edward Colston may also refer to:
Edward Colston (MP for Wells) (died 1719), English Member of Parliament
Edward Colston (U.S. Representative) (1786–1852), U.S. Representative from Virginia
Edward Francis Colston (1795–1847), English landowner, owner of Roundway Park, Wiltshire
Edward Murray Colston, 2nd Baron Roundway (1880–1944), British Army officer
Lili Bontemps (1921–1979) was a French actor and singer. They played a number of sex symbol roles in postwar French cinema and also posed as a pin-up.
Selected filmography
The Convict (1951)
Au diable la vertu (1953)
Naked in the Wind (1953)
Love at Sea (1964)
References
Bibliography
Ogrizek, Doré. Paris. McGraw-Hill, 1955.
Schmid, Marion. Intermedial Dialogues: The French New Wave and the Other Arts. Edinburgh University Press, 2019.
External links
1921 births
1979 deaths
French actores
French singers
People from Landes (department)
Parapsestis wernyaminta is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in the Chinese provinces of Shaanxi, Henan and Sichuan.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Eimear McDonnell is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2005, a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003, a Texaco award in 2003, and five All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2004. They were previously nominated for an Star award in 2004.
Family background
 They are a niece of Cork football manager Billy Morgan. Them sister Deirdre played on the University of Limerick team that won their second Ashbourne Cup in 2004. Them brother Brian is a well-known GAA journalist.
Career
They played in eight successive All Ireland finals for Tipperary. In 2001, they scored 1-2 in Tipperary's All-Ireland final win and they were selected as the RTÉ Player of the Match. They scored a goal and had another controversially disallowed in 2002 and was player-of-the-match despite finishing on the losing team in 2003. They had a penalty saved in 2004 when they laid off the match-winning goal for Joanne Ryan.
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Championships
World Championship
Men
United States 137, Russia 91
Women
United States 100, Australia 95
Professional
Men
1994 NBA Finals: Houston Rockets over the New York Knicks 4-3. MVP: Hakeem Olajuwon
1994 NBA Playoffs
1993-94 NBA season
1994 NBA draft
1994 NBA All-Star Game
Eurobasket: None
Women
Eurobasket Women: None
College
Men
NCAA
Division I: Arkansas 76, Duke 72
NIT: Villanova University def. Vanderbilt University
Division II: California State University-Bakersfield 92, University of Southern Indiana 86
Division III: Lebanon Valley College 66, 59 New York University OT
NAIA
Division I Oklahoma City University 86, Georgetown College KY 80
Division II Eureka College IL 98, Northern State University SD 95 OT
NJCAA
Division I Hutchinson Community College 78, Three Rivers Community College (MO) 74
Division II Joliet Junior College IL 85, Owens Technical College OH 80
Division III Gloucester County College 71, Sullivan County CC 69
Women
NCAA
Division I: North Carolina 60, Louisiana Tech University 59
Division II: North Dakota State 89, Cal State San Bernardino 56
Division III: Capital 82, Washington (Mo.) 63
NAIA
Division I: Southern Nazarene (Okla.) 97, David Lipscomb (Tenn.) 74
Division II Northern State University (S.D.) 48, Western Oregon 45
NJCAA
Division I Trinity Valley CC 104, Westark Community College, Ark. 95
Division II Southwestern Michigan College 81, Chattahoochee Valley CC 72
Division III Anoka-Ramsey Community College 69, Triton College 62
Awards and honors
Professional
Men
NBA Most Valuable Player Award: Hakeem Olajuwon, Houston Rockets
NBA Rookie of the Year Award: Chris Webber Golden State Warriors
NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award: Hakeem Olajuwon, Houston Rockets
NBA Coach of the Year Award: Lenny Wilkens, Atlanta Hawks
Collegiate
Naismith College Player of the Year
Men: Glenn Robinson, Purdue
Women: Lisa Leslie, USC
Naismith College Coach of the Year
Men: Nolan Richardson Arkansas
Women: Pat Summitt Tennessee
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame
Class of 1994:
Carol Blazejowski
Denny Crum
Chuck Daly
Buddy Jeannette
Cesare Rubini
Movies
Above the Rim
The Air Up There
Blue Chips
Hoop Dreams
Births
March 6 — Awa Sissoko, French basketball player
Deaths
March 13 — Sam Ranzino, All-American at NC State (born 1927)
May 3 — Vladimir Kostin, FIBA Hall of Fame Russian referee (born 1921)
June 25 — Katrín Axelsdóttir, Icelandic national team player (born 1956)
July 10 — Earl Strom, Hall of Fame NBA and ABA referee (born 1927)
September 3 — Glen Rose, American college player and coach (Arkansas) (born 1905)
November 11 — Frank McGuire, Hall of Fame coach of the undefeated 1957 National Champion North Carolina Tar Heels (born 1914)
November 20 — Jānis Krūmiņš, Latvian (Soviet) Olympic Silver medalist (1956, 1960, 1964) (born 1930)
References
Dr Guido Gryseels is a Belgian academic and agricultural economist who has been Director-General of the Royal Museum for Central Africa in Tervuren, Belgium since 2001. Until the end of 2009, they were also the Chair of the Board of Trustees of the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), based in Aleppo, Syria. Gryseels, a Belgian national, joined as a member of ICARDA Board of Trustees in 2003 and, at the time, they took over as Board Chair in 2005 and replacing Margaret Catley-Carlson.
References
External links
Royal Museum for Central Africa page
Belgian economists
Living people
Belgian agriculturalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Rolls-Royce RB3011 (previously designated RB2011) is a prototype propfan engine in development by Rolls-Royce plc. The design is also known as an "open rotor" engine.
Design and development
The RB3011 is designed for the 180–300 passenger aircraft (e.g. Boeing 737 or Airbus A320). The RB3011 was renamed from RB2011, because Rolls-Royce employees kept confusing the 2011 with the expected service entry date. Rolls-Royce bought the Allison Engine Company in 1995, and has studied the Pratt & Whitney/Allison 578-DX propfan engine built in the 1980s.
The engine has two contra-rotating rotors (fans) on the outside of the engine nacelle, either at the front of the assembly ("tractor") or at the rear ("pusher"). Both pusher and tractor open rotor designs form part of Rolls-Royce's long-term "15-50" vision, which is examining various architectures to tackle the 150 seat-aircraft market. Within 15-50 group -named for specific fuel consumption reductions of 15–50% compared with current generation engines- there are various options based on technology availability and maturity.
The open rotor design is known to have increased noise compared to normal turbofan engines, where noise is contained by the engine duct. The forward rotor is larger in diameter than the rear rotor, to avoid problems with eddies from the forward rotor tips. The rotors are powered by the engine shaft via an epicyclic gearbox. These produce a large amount of heat.
In late 2008, the RB3011 was considered a contender for the powerplant of the Irkut MS-21. Rolls-Royce felt it could develop and certificate the engine before the aircraft's planned (at the time) certification in the first quarter of 2015.
The engine has been tested at the Aircraft Research Association in Bedford, Bedfordshire. Wind tunnel testing has taken place at DNW in Marknesse in the Netherlands.
It is hoped to reduce the fuel consumption of an aircraft, compared to those with normal turbofan engines, by up to 30%. This is the main reason for choosing this design of engine. Certification is planned for 2017–2018, with market entry with airlines by 2020.
See also
References
External links
Rolls-Royce aircraft gas turbine engines
Propfan engines
Proposed engines
The Berg Encyclopedia of World Dress and Fashion is an encyclopedia about dress and ornamentation of the body in different cultures throughout history. It explores themes of personal and social identity related to the universal activity of dressing one's self. Its ten volumes are dedicated to describing and interpreting dress and fashion in different places throughout the world, and are organized geographically. The last volume reviews the global perspectives through research and study of the present-day and the future of dress and fashion.
Description
Composed of 760 articles and written by more than 600 international experts, it includes multidisciplinary and pluricultural perspectives that allow us to understand the richness and complexity of dress in all of its manifestations. The definitions of dress, apparel and fashion are the starting point and the principal focus of the various contributions: dress is analyzed as a body modification, apparel is connected to history or the exhibition in a museum, and fashion corresponds to the changes related to body alterations and ornamentation, over short periods of time.
Prizes and awards
The Berg Encyclopedia of World Dress and Fashion was awarded with the Dartmouth Medal for the creation of a reference work of outstanding quality and significance, in 2011. This prize is awarded to reference works (dictionaries, encyclopedias, image banks, etc.) by the American Library Association and it was the first time, that an award has been given to a work in the design sector.
It has also been the recipient of an Award at the Frankfurt Book Fair in 2011 and the Best Web 2011 prize by FutureBook bookstore.
References
2010 non-fiction books
English-language encyclopedias
History of clothing
History of fashion
Fashion websites
Specialized encyclopedias
Harry Pougher (1 February 1941 – 19 July 2014) was an English cricketer. Pougher was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. They were born in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire.
Pougher made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1959 Minor Counties Championship against the Leicestershire Second XI. Pougher played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1959 to 1988, which included 123 Minor Counties Championship matches and 10 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. They made their List A debut against Hampshire in the 1967 Gillette Cup. They played 3 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Lancashire in the 1988 NatWest Trophy. In their 4 matches, they scored 112 runs at an average of 28.00, with a high score of 54. This came against Hampshire in their debut List A match.
Altogether Harry Pougher played 145 matches for Lincolnshire, scoring 5532 runs, an aggregate only exceeded by three other players. They became captain of the county side. They left Scunthorpe for Lincoln when they were appointed Head of PE at a large secondary school. They joined Lindum Cricket Club in Lincoln in 1985, became captain and then in 1990 was elected as chairperson. They were also chair of Lincolnshire Cricket Association until it merged with Lincolnshire Cricket Board.
Harry Pougher was a talented coach. They not only coached youngsters within their club and county but also at centres of excellence. Mike Atherton and Mark Ramprakash who went on to play for England were both coached by Harry Pougher when they were promising 13-year-olds. In 2011, Pougher was presented with Lincolnshire Sports Foundation's lifetime achievement award and one of the many tributes paid to them was from Michael Atherton.
Harry Pougher realised the potential of Kwik Cricket in introducing youngsters to the game and they became the county's Kwik Cricket organizer. They persuaded the Lincoln Youth League to introduce the very first Kwik Cricket league in the country.
When Harry Pougher arrived at Lindum cricket club in 1985 there were three junior sides. In the 2014 season there were ten sides. The culmination of all their efforts was in 2011 when the club's Under 15 side won the National U15 Championship. They ceased being the club's chairperson the same year when they were elected as the club's President. They were also President of the Lincolnshire Premier League.
In 2010 Harry Pougher contracted Multiple Systems Atrophy, a very rare complaint for which there is no treatment. They were confined to a wheelchair, a cruel fate for one who had been so physical active throughout their life. They died on 19 July 2014.
References
External links
Harry Pougher at ESPNcricinfo
Harry Pougher at CricketArchive
1941 births
2014 deaths
Cricketers from Scunthorpe
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
A mountain troll (bergatroll) is a type of troll in Scandinavian folklore.
Mountain troll may also refer to:
Troll (Harry Potter), in the Harry Potter book series by J. K. Rowling
Troll (Middle-earth), in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth writings
See also
Bergatrollets frieri (Swedish folk ballad)
Acrapex leucophlebia is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by George Hampson in 1894. It is found in the Nilgiri Mountains of India.
The wingspan is 26–32 mm.
Description
Head and thorax ocherous mixed with brown; abdomen ocherous white slightly irrorated (sprinkled) with brown. Forewing ocherous white irrorated with red brown, the veins defined by slight brown streaks except on inner area; a slight brown streak below basal half of cell; the discocellulars with some brown points before and beyond them; a diffused oblique whitish fascia from apex to discal fold with a brown shade below it from termen below apex, with short brown streaks on its inner edge above and below vein 5; a terminal series of minute black lunulae; cilia whitish at base, dark at tips. Hindwing ocherous white tinged with reddish brown except on costal area; cilia ocherous white; the underside ocherous white slightly tinged with red brown.
References
Xyleninae
Moths of Asia
is the second Jewelpet anime series created by Sanrio and Sega and animated by Studio Comet, announced in Shogakukan's Pucchigumi magazine and directed by Takashi Yamamoto. The series first aired on April 3, 2010 to April 2, 2011 on TV Tokyo and TV Osaka. The series premiered later in Spain as part of the Boing programming block. Jewelpet Twinkle is the first series to have critical appeal outside the series' target demographic, particularly in the dōjin community due to the character designs and series's story plot.
The series focuses on Akari Sakura, who first met Ruby on the beach on their way to school. At first, Akari cannot understand them due to their Jewel Land language, but Ruby eats a special candy so they can speak and understand human language. As the day passes, Ruby knows about their problems in school and later apologized, saying that they did not know Akari's personal problems as they try to cheer them up. Later, a Jewel Charm appears on their hand and Akari realizes that they were chosen by Ruby to be their partner. After that, they decide to become a student in Jewel Land along with Ruby as they are aiming to collect 12 Jewel Stones get into the Jewel Star Grand Prix.
The series' music is composed by famous Video Game Composer Shiro Hamaguchi like the first series. Two songs were made for both the Opening and Ending themes of the series. The opening theme is by former AKB48 member Kayano Masuyama featuring Ayaka Saito and Miyuki Sawashiro, as both Ruby and Labra. The ending theme titled by Natsumi Takamori, Ayana Taketatsu and Azusa Kataoka as Akari, Miria and Sara.
Nippon Columbia publishes several DVD volumes of Jewelpet Twinkle during the series's airing. Frontier Works also released the series as a DVD Box set on July 22, 2011. "Fan Discs" were also released due to the show's popularity in Comiket, each containing some episodes and bonus extras. The first was released on September 9, 2011, Fan Disc F, which includes a special version of the Opening Video of the anime, was released on January 16, 2012 and a Blu-ray fan disc that contains a special song titled was released on September 9, 2012, with a Limited Edition released on August 10, 2012. A Blu-ray box set was released on July 21, 2013, which includes an OVA episode, a second official soundtrack, and an illustration booklet containing official illustrations and promotional images from the series.
Episode list
References
http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/jewelpet2/
Twinkle
The Norton Interpol was a police motorcycle produced by the British manufacturer Norton between 1969 and 1976. The Interpol was based on the company's Commando model. The 'Interpol' name was retained for Norton's later Norton Interpol 2 rotary engined police motorcycle.
Background
Some police forces had expressed interest in the Commando. Norton's chairperson, Dennis Poore, recruited Neale Shilton, who had just left Triumph to produce a Commando to police specifications. Shilton had been responsible for the success of the Triumph Saint amongst police forces and as Fleet Sales Manager had made many contacts within various police forces. The end result was the 'Interpol' machine, which sold well to police forces, both at home and abroad. The 750 cc machine was fitted with panniers, top box, fairing, radio mountings, police lights, and auxiliary equipment.
Timeline
The machine was first exhibited at the 1969 Brighton Bike Show and was fitted with an Avon fairing with a blue light and Craven panniers. The tank was derived from the Atlas, but with a modified underside to clear the Commando's top frame tube, and a single seat. Shilton took the bike around the UK demonstrating it to the various police forces. Once production started, the basic machine was assembled in the factory and the accessories such as fairings and panniers were fitted off-site. The exact specification varied dependent on the individual forces' requirement. A disc front brake was offered as an from 1971 and make standard in 1972. Fitment of this required new handlebars so the master cylinder cleared the fairing. Reverse cone silencers were fitted in 1972, but not upswept like other models in the Commando range so as to give room for the panniers. The larger Interstate tank was fitted from 1972
Most Interpols were finished in white, but some were supplied in dark blue or black and without fairings to be used as 'unmarked' vehicles.
When Norton's parent company Norton Villiers Triumph (NVT} hit financial trouble in 1975 Shilton left Norton and joined BMW. In their new position Shilton helped BMW take over the UK police motorcycle market. Many of the accessories used on the Interpol, such as the fairing and top box, were carried over to the BMW police bikes.
Tanks and radios
Police radios were usually fitted to the petrol tank. There was no standard police radio with different forces using different radios. The radios were expensive and were reused when a new bike was brought, leading to a multitude of fitting requirements for the radio. The tank from the previous police version of the Atlas was carried over, with a modified underside to overcome the differences between the Atlas and Commando frames. Four variant were available: plain, with a radio recess, with screwed inserts or with pommels. (The bike exhibited at the Brighton Bike show had a recessed tank with a Cossar radio, with although obsolete was still in common use).
The Lancashire Constabulary were one of the largest forces in England at the time. They pioneered moving the radio from the tank to a rear box behind the rider. When the Interstate tank was introduced in 1972 to give the bikes a longer range, this added further reasoning to use a rear mounted radio. The Pye Westminster was introduced in 1967 and became available in various car and motorcycle configurations as well as offering more features and channels. It was also lighter and smaller than its predecessors. The Westminster eventually became the most used police radio.
1975 Saudi Arabia order
Shilton travelled to Riyadh in March 1975 with the intention of selling Interpols to Saudi's Minister of Defence Prince Aziz. Shilton impressed Prince Aziz at a military tattoo by riding past the royal enclosure on an Interpol with the lights flashing and siren sounding with Shilton standing to attention on the footrests and giving an eye right salute as they passed. A deal worth £1 million was agreed to supply nearly 600 bikes.
By the summer of '75 Norton Villiers Triumph were liquidation and the Wolverhampton factory where the Commando was made was occupied with workers staging a sit-in. The former BSA factory at Small Heath was producing a final run of the Triumph Trident T160 of 288 bikes for Australia and 224 for the US. These bikes were transferred to the Saudi order and the bikes converted to a police specification with Norton badges.
The Tridents were unreliable in Saudi Arabia and the final consignment of 130 bikes was cancelled. These bikes were sold off as the Triumph Cardinal in 1977.
References
Bibliography
Norton motorcycles
Police vehicles
Motorcycles introduced in 1969
Motorcycles powered by straight-twin engines
New Atlantis is an incomplete utopian novel by Sir Francis Bacon, published posthumously in 1626. It appeared unheralded and tucked into the back of a longer work of natural history, Sylva sylvarum (forest of materials). In New Atlantis, Bacon portrayed a vision of the future of human discovery and knowledge, expressing their aspirations and ideals for humankind. The novel depicts the creation of a utopian land where "generosity and enlightenment, dignity and splendour, piety and public spirit" are the commonly held qualities of the inhabitants of the mythical Bensalem. The plan and organisation of their ideal college, Salomon's House (or Solomon's House), envisioned the modern research university in both applied and pure sciences.
Publication history
New Atlantis first appeared in the back of Sylva sylvarum, a rather thorny work of natural history that was published by William Rawley, Bacon's secretary, chaplain and amanuensis in 1626. When Sylva was entered into the Stationers' Register of July 4th, 1626 (three months after Bacon's death), no mention was made of New Atlantis, and it was not until 1670 that it was included on Sylva's letterpress title page (unlike Historia vitae et mortis which received that accolade in 1651). It was not until 1676 that the two works were published with continuous signatures, with the first edition of the Sylva being 'printed for J. H. for William Lee', while New Atlantis was, according to McKerrow, 'perhaps printed by Mathewes'. After New Atlantis was a two-page piece called Magnalia naturae, which most commentators tend to ignore, probably because it is difficult to link it to either Sylva or New Atlantis with any surety. It was published as an individual text by Thomas Newcomb in 1659, but in general New Atlantis appears to have been a text that no-one quite knew what to do with. Certainly Rawley's letter To The Reader indicates that they were less than clear as to its purpose, even though they later published it in Latin translation within the collection Operum moralium et civilium tomus (1638). In 1659 Thomas Bushell referred to the work in their Mineral Prosecutions, while in 1660 a certain R. H. published a continuation of New Atlantis and in 1662 an explicitly Rosicrucian version appeared as the preface to John Heydon's Holy Guide.
Plot summary
The novel depicts a mythical island, Bensalem, which is discovered by the crew of a European ship after they are lost in the Pacific Ocean somewhere west of Peru. The minimal plot serves the gradual unfolding of the island, its customs, but most importantly, its state-sponsored scientific institution, Salomon's House, "which house or college ... is the very eye of this kingdom."
Many aspects of the society and history of the island are described, such as the Christian religion – which is reported to have been born there as a copy of the Bible and a letter from the Apostle Saint Bartholomew arrived there miraculously, a few years after the Ascension of Jesus; a cultural feast in honour of the family institution, called "the Feast of the Family"; a college of sages, the Salomon's House, "the very eye of the kingdom", to which order "God of heaven and earth had vouchsafed the grace to know the works of Creation, and the secrets of them", as well as "to discern between divine miracles, works of nature, works of art, and impostures and illusions of all sorts"; and a series of instruments, process and methods of scientific research that were employed in the island by the Salomon's House.
The interlocutors include the governor of the House of Strangers, Joabin the Jew, and the Head of Salomon's House.
The inhabitants of Bensalem are described as having a high moral character and honesty, as no official accepts any payment from individuals. The people are also described as chaste and pious, as said by an inhabitant of the island:
In the last third of the book, the Head of the Salomon's House takes one of the European visitors to show them all the scientific background of Salomon's House, where experiments are conducted in Baconian method to understand and conquer nature, and to apply the collected knowledge to the betterment of society. Namely: 1) the end, or purpose, of their foundation; 2) the preparations they have for their works; 3) the several employments and functions whereto their fellows are assigned; 4) and the ordinances and rites which they observe.
They portrayed a vision of the future of human discovery and knowledge. The plan and organisation of their ideal college, "Salomon's House", envisioned the modern research university in both applied and pure science.
The end of their foundation is thus described: "The end of our foundation is the knowledge of causes, and secret motions of things; and the enlarging of the bounds of human empire, to the effecting of all things possible".
In describing the several employments and functions to which the members of the Salomon's House are assigned, the Head of the college said:
Even this short excerpt demonstrates that Bacon understood that science requires analysis and not just the accumulation of observations. Bacon also foresaw that the design of experiments could be improved.
In describing the ordinances and rites observed by the scientists of Salomon's House, its Head said:
And finally, after showing all the scientific background of Salomon's House, they gave the European visitor permission to publish it:
The name "Bensalem"
"Bensalem" is composed of two Hebrew words: "ben" (בן) - "son", and "salem" or "shalem" (שלם) - "whole" or "complete".
Thus the name could be interpreted as meaning "The Son of Wholeness".
Interpretations
New Atlantis is a story dense with provocative details. There are many credible interpretations of what Bacon was attempting to convey. Below are a couple that give some sense of the rich implications of the text.
Bensalem's conversion to Christianity
Early in the story, the governor of the House of Strangers relates the incredible circumstances that introduced Christianity to the Island:
The traditional date for the writing of St. John's Apocalypse (the Book of Revelation) is the end of the 1st century AD. It is not only the presence of the full canon of Scripture long before it was completed or compiled, but also the all-too-convenient proximity of the scientist who will attest to its miraculous nature of this wonder that lends the story an air of incredibility.
Later the Father of Salomon's House reveals the institution's skill at creating illusions of light:
They also boast about their ability to fake miracles:
Renaker points out in the Latin translation of the second passage (which was published as part of Operum moralium et civilium tomus in 1638 by William Rawley, Bacon's amanuensis, secretary and chaplain, who was also behind the publication of New Atlantis in 1626) is stronger and literally translates to "we could impose on men's senses an infinite number of things if we wanted to present these things as, and exalt them into, a miracle." While this has been read as Bacon's suggesting that the story if not the 'miracle' itself was an invention emanating from Salomon's House, this is perhaps not a safe inference. The relevance of the Brother of Salomon's House to the story of the island's conversion to Christianity is more an indication that the institution itself has reached a point in its knowledge from which it can ascertain whether an occurrence is natural or not. It is this knowledge (and its humble application) that allows for the revelation itself to be delivered.
The skill of creating illusions coupled with the incredibility of the story of the origin of Bensalem's Christianity makes it seem that Bacon was intimating that the light show (or at least the story of its occurrence) was an invention of Salomon's House.
The presence of "Hebrews, Persians, and Indians" in Bensalem at the time implies that Asian people were already in the first century engaged in sailing across the Pacific – which is historically inaccurate, but might have seemed plausible at the time of writing.
Who rules Bensalem?
The Father of Salomon's House reveals that members of that institution decide on their own which of their discoveries to keep secret, even from the State:
This would seem to imply that the State does not hold the monopoly on authority and that Salomon's House must in some sense be superior to the State.
In the introduction to the critical edition of New Atlantis, Jerry Weinberger notes that Joabin is the only contemporary character (i.e., living at the time of the story) described as wise—and wise in matters of government and rule at that. Weinberger speculates that Joabin may be the actual ruler of Bensalem. On the other hand, prejudice against Jews was widespread in their time, so the possibility cannot be excluded that Bacon was calling Joabin wise for the same reason that they felt the need elsewhere to call them "the good Jew": to make clear that Joabin's character was benign.
Social ritual of the Bensalemites
While Bacon appears concerned with the House of Salomon, a portion of the narrative describes the social practices of the Bensalemites, particularly those surrounding courtship and family life. An example of these rituals is the Adam and Eve pools. Here betrothed send surrogates to observe the other bathing to discover any deformities. Here Bacon alludes to Sir Thomas More's Utopia (1516), where More describes a similar ritual. However, the crucial difference is rather than surrogates, the young couple observes the other naked. Bacon's character Joabin remarks on this difference: “I have read in a book of one of your men, of a Feigned Commonwealth, where the married couple are permitted, before they contract, to see one another naked.”
Prayers
In describing how the scientists of New Atlantis worked, Bacon wrote:
We have certain hymns and services, which we say daily, of Lord and thanks to God for Their marvellous works; and some forms of prayer, imploring Their aid and blessing for the illumination of our labors, and the turning of them into good and holy uses.
In Bacon's Theological Tracts, there are two prayers, named "The Student's Prayer" and "The Writer's Prayer" which may be a demonstration of how scientists could pray as described in The New Atlantis.
(See Bacon's Prayers in Wikisource).
Influences
New Atlantis and other writings of Bacon inspired the formation of the Royal Society. Jonathan Swift parodied them both in book III of Gulliver's Travels.
In recent years, New Atlantis influenced B. F. Skinner's 1948 Walden Two.
This novel may have been Bacon's vision for a Utopian New World in North America. In it they depicted a land where there would be freedom of religion – showing a Jew treated fairly and equally in an island of Christians. It has been argued that this work had influenced others reforms, such as greater rights for women, the abolition of slavery, elimination of debtors' prisons, separation of church and state, and freedom of political expression, although there is no hint of these reforms in The New Atlantis itself. Their propositions of legal reform (which were not established in their lifetime), though, are considered to have been one of the influences behind the Napoleonic Code, and therefore could show some resemblance with or influence in the drafting of other liberal constitutions that came in the centuries after Bacon's lifetime, such as the American Constitution.
Francis Bacon played a leading role in creating the English colonies, especially in Virginia, the Carolinas, and Newfoundland in northeastern Canada. Their government report on "The Virginia Colony" was submitted in 1609. In 1610 Bacon and their associates received a charter from the king to form the Tresurer and the Companye of Adventurers and planter of the Cittye of London and Bristoll for the Collonye or plantacon in Newfoundland and sent John Guy to found a colony there. In 1910 Newfoundland issued a postage stamp to commemorate Bacon's role in establishing the province. The stamp describes Bacon as "the guiding spirit in colonization scheme" of 1610. Moreover, some scholars believe they were largely responsible for the drafting, in 1609 and 1612, of two charters of government for the Virginia Colony. Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States and author of the Declaration of Independence, wrote: "Bacon, Locke and Newton. I consider them as the three greatest men that have ever lived, without any exception, and as having laid the foundation of those superstructures which have been raised in the Physical and Moral sciences". Historian and biographer William Hepworth Dixon considered that Bacon's name could be included in the list of Founders of the United States of America.
It is also believed by the Rosicrucian organisation AMORC that Bacon would have influenced a settlement of mystics in North America, stating that The New Atlantis inspired a colony of Rosicrucians led by Johannes Kelpius to journey across the Atlantic Ocean in a chartered vessel called Sarah Mariah, and move on to Pennsylvania in the late 17th century. According to their claims, these Rosicrucian communities "made valuable contributions to the newly emerging American culture in the fields of printing, philosophy, the sciences and arts".
The utopian writer Kārlis Balodis adopted the name "Atlanticus" when they wrote Der Zukunftsstaat in 1898.
See also
Design of experiments
Los Horcones (an experimental community inspired by Walden Two)
Royal Society
Scientocracy
Technocracy
The City of the Sun (1602), a similar early utopian novel by the Italian Dominican and philosopher Tommaso Campanella
Further reading
Zeitlin, Samuel Garrett (2022). "Eutopia of Empire: Francis Bacon's Short View and the Imperial and Colonial Background to the New Atlantis". Political Research Quarterly.
References
External links
Nova Atlantis in Bibliotheca Augustana (Latin version of New Atlantis)
1626 novels
Utopian novels
Works by Francis Bacon (philosopher)
1620s fantasy novels
Novels set in Oceania
Novels set on islands
17th-century English novels
Novels published posthumously
Unfinished novels
Humibacter is a Gram-positive, mesophilic, strictly aerobic, chemoorganotrophic and motile genus of bacteria from the family of Microbacteriaceae. Humibacter occur in sewage sludge.
References
Further reading
Microbacteriaceae
Bacteria genera
Obligate anaerobes are microorganisms killed by normal atmospheric concentrations of oxygen (20.95% O2). Oxygen tolerance varies between species, with some species capable of surviving in up to 8% oxygen, while others lose viability in environments with an oxygen concentration greater than 0.5%.
Oxygen sensitivity
The oxygen sensitivity of obligate anaerobes has been attributed to a combination of factors including oxidative stress and enzyme production. Oxygen can also damage obligate anaerobes in ways not involving oxidative stress.
Because molecular oxygen contains two unpaired electrons in the highest occupied molecular orbital, it is readily reduced to superoxide () and hydrogen peroxide () within cells. A reaction between these two products results in the formation of a free hydroxyl radical (OH.). Superoxide, hydrogen peroxide, and hydroxyl radicals are a class of compounds known as reactive oxygen species (ROS), highly reactant products that are damaging to microbes, including obligate anaerobes. Aerobic organisms produce superoxide dismutase and catalase to detoxify these products, but obligate anaerobes produce these enzymes in very small quantities, or not at all. (The variability in oxygen tolerance of obligate anaerobes (<0.5 to 8% O2) is thought to reflect the quantity of superoxide dismutase and catalase being produced.).
Carlioz and Touati (1986) performed experiments which support the idea that reactive oxygen species may be toxic to anaerobes. E. coli, a facultative anaerobe, was mutated by a deletion of superoxide dismutase genes. In the presence of oxygen, this mutation resulted in the inability to properly synthesize certain amino acids or use common carbon sources as substrates during metabolism. In the absence of oxygen, the mutated samples grew normally. In 2018, Lu et al. found that in Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, an obligate anaerobe found in the mammalian digestive tract, exposure to oxygen results in increased levels of superoxide which inactivated important metabolic enzymes.
Dissolved oxygen increases the redox potential of a solution, and high redox potential inhibits the growth of some obligate anaerobes. For example, methanogens grow at a redox potential lower than -0.3 V. Sulfide is an essential component of some enzymes, and molecular oxygen oxidizes this to form disulfide, thus inactivating certain enzymes (e.g. nitrogenase). Organisms may not be able to grow with these essential enzymes deactivated. Growth may also be inhibited due to a lack of reducing equivalents for biosynthesis because electrons are exhausted in reducing oxygen.
Energy metabolism
Obligate anaerobes convert nutrients into energy through anaerobic respiration or fermentation. In aerobic respiration, the pyruvate generated from glycolysis is converted to acetyl-CoA. This is then broken down via the TCA cycle and electron transport chain. Anaerobic respiration differs from aerobic respiration in that it uses an electron acceptor other than oxygen in the electron transport chain. Examples of alternative electron acceptors include sulfate, nitrate, iron, manganese, mercury, and carbon monoxide.
Fermentation differs from anaerobic respiration in that the pyruvate generated from glycolysis is broken down without the involvement of an electron transport chain (i.e. there is no oxidative phosphorylation). Numerous fermentation pathways exist such as lactic acid fermentation, mixed acid fermentation, 2-3 butanediol fermentation where organic compounds are reduced to organic acids and alcohol.
The energy yield of anaerobic respiration and fermentation (i.e. the number of ATP molecules generated) is less than in aerobic respiration. This is why facultative anaerobes, which can metabolise energy both aerobically and anaerobically, preferentially metabolise energy aerobically. This is observable when facultative anaerobes are cultured in thioglycolate broth.
Ecology and Examples
Obligate anaerobes are found in oxygen-free environments such as the intestinal tracts of animals, the deep ocean, still waters, landfills, in deep sediments of soil. Examples of obligately anaerobic bacterial genera include Actinomyces, Bacteroides, Clostridium, Fusobacterium, Peptostreptococcus, Porphyromonas, Prevotella, Propionibacterium, and Veillonella. Clostridium species are endospore-forming bacteria, and can survive in atmospheric concentrations of oxygen in this dormant form. The remaining bacteria listed do not form endospores.
Several species of the Mycobacterium, Streptomyces, and Rhodococcus genera are examples of obligate anaerobe found in soil. Obligate anaerobes are also found in the digestive tracts of humans and other animals as well as in the first stomach of ruminants.
Examples of obligately anaerobic fungal genera include the rumen fungi Neocallimastix, Piromonas, and Sphaeromonas.
See also
Aerobic respiration
Fermentation
Obligate aerobe
Facultative anaerobe
Microaerophile
References
Microbiology
"Maohi" can also refer to the indigenous people of French Polynesia, also known as Tahitians.
In Tahiti and adjacent islands, the term Maohi (Mā'ohi in Tahitian language) refers to the ancestors of the Polynesian peoples.
The term can also be a reference to normal, everyday people, just as Māori is accepted among native or indigenous people in New Zealand or the Cook Islands as the way they describe themselves. Te Ao Maohi – the Maohi world – as an expression coined by Oscar Temaru gives an example of this.
History
The Ma'ohi people first arrived to what is known today as French Polynesia over 2,300 years ago. The Ma'ohi include not only Tahiti but 17 surrounding islands in French Polynesia. It wasn't until the 18th century that external influence was introduced to the Ma'ohi people. In 1880 France seized control of Tahiti and its surrounding islands.
La Culture Ma'ohi
La Culture Ma'ohi is a culture movement by the Ma'ohi people to rediscover their culture after colonization by the French in the mid-nineteenth century. Most traditions from the Ma'ohi culture were lost due to colonization, and diverse influences from neighboring islands such as the Marquesas, the Austral and the Cook Islands, helped to reconstruct post contact Tahitian culture. Reinterpretation of traditions such as art and dance as well as reconstructions of traditional Marae's played an important role in recreating a cultural identity for Tahitians. It wasn't until the 1950s that the reconstruction of these traditions began, due to an overall lack of knowledge about Tahitian culture. La Culture Ma'ohi is a way for Tahitian politicians to heighten the awarenesses of the cultural past as well as create and identity for the future of Tahiti.
Dance
Traditional dance was one piece of the Ma'ohi culture that was lost due to colonization by the French. Historical reenactments of the dances, the costumes and the chants had to be reconstructed due to their being no feasible way of knowing what the authentic creations were to begin with. The Heiva is a traditional annual dance event that started in the 1950s as a way to bring traditional Tahitian dance back into Tahitian culture.
Tattooing
Tattoos in Tahiti have become an accepted symbol of Ma'ohi culture. Tattoos demonstrate a commitment to Tahitian cultural identity and can be seen has decorative. Those that are young and involved in other aspects of Tahitian culture such as dance are the majority of people that have tattoos. The practice of tattooing also exists in other islands known as the Polynesian Triangle.
See also
Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization
References
Tahiti and Society Islands mythology
Kotula or Kotuľa is a surname. It may refer to:
Andrzej Kotula (1822–1891), Polish lawyer and activist
Jozef Kotula (born 1976), Slovak footballer
Juraj Kotula (born 1995), Slovak footballer
Mirosława Zakrzewska-Kotula (1932–1985), Polish volleyball player, basketball player, handball player and coach
Peter Kotuľa (born 1982), Slovak musician and singer
See also
Polish-language surnames
Slovak-language surnames
Long v Lloyd [1958] 1 WLR 753 is an English contract law case concerning misrepresentation. It exemplifies that if a contract is affirmed by the party who has been misrepresented, rescission will be barred.
Facts
Lloyd advertised a lorry as being in ‘exceptional condition'. Mr Long went to Mr Lloyd's premises to see it. Mr Lloyd then said it could do 40 mph. On a trial run from Hampton Court to Sevenoaks, they said it did 11 miles to the gallon. Mr Long bought it for £750. Two days later, driving to Rochester and back the dynamo stopped working, the oil seal was defective, there was a crack in the wheel and it did only five miles to the gallon. Mr Lloyd then said they would repair for half price of a reconstructed dynamo. Mr Long accepted. Then on another journey, being used by their brother on a business trip to Middlesbrough, it broke down. Mr Long sued to rescind.
Judgment
Pearce LJ held that the contract had been affirmed when it was taken back after having been fixed. They emphasised that Mr Long ‘chose' not to have an expert examine the lorry. On fuel consumption they had a reasonable time to test it, so ‘on any view they must have accepted the lorry before they purported to reject it.'
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
Notes
English misrepresentation case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1958 in British law
1958 in case law
Edgar Baitzel (17 May 1955 – 11 March 2007) was a German opera director and artistic administrator.
Born in Koblenz, Baitzel spent the first part of their career in Europe working on the staffs of several notable opera companies, including the Badisches Staatstheater Karlsruhe, the Bavarian State Opera, the Opéra de Nice, and the Theater der Bundesstadt Bonn. In November 2001 they joined the staff of the Los Angeles Opera (LAO) as the director of artistic operations. They were appointed the LAO's artistic director in May 2003 and then the company's chief operating officer in February 2006.
Baitzel's tenure at the LAO was marked by a significant expansion of the company's performance schedule and financial improvement. They also forged strong artistic partnerships with several notable directors, including David Cronenberg, Achim Freyer, William Friedkin, Garry Marshall, Maximilian Schell, and Julie Taymor. They were also responsible for commissioning several world premiere's for the LAO, including Deborah Drattell's Nicholas and Alexandra (2003), Elliot Goldenthal's Grendel (2006), and Howard Shore's The Fly (2008). Having never retired, they died of cancer in Los Angeles at the age of 51.
References
1955 births
2007 deaths
German opera directors
Nursing Research is a peer-reviewed nursing journal covering a wide range of topics including health promotion, human responses to illness, acute care nursing research, symptom management, cost-effectiveness, vulnerable populations, health services, and community-based nursing studies. It is published by Wolters Kluwer and was established in 1952, with Helen L Bunge as its founding editor-in-chief. Its current editor-in-chief is Rita Pickler (Ohio State University).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in CINAHL and MEDLINE/PubMed. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.725.
References
External links
General nursing journals
Publications established in 1952
Wolters Kluwer academic journals
You Bet Your Ass is a Canadian game show that aired on The Comedy Network. It followed a blackjack and casino motif, with contestants answering questions on popular culture to earn points. The contestant with the most points at the end of the show was the winner.
Hosted by Canadian comedian Stewart Francis and their co-host, Sitara Hewitt, the show premiered in 2005. As of June 25, 2007, the Comedy Network dropped You Bet Your Ass from its weekday lineup, replacing it with reruns of This Hour Has 22 Minutes. Reruns of You Bet Your Ass began airing in the weekday morning block on April 28, 2008 (replacing History Bites).
The series was created by Michael Geddes and Christopher Geddes of Lone Eagle Entertainment in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, who are the producers of two other game shows, Game On and Inside the Box.
The show was taped at the Canadian Broadcasting Centre in Toronto.
Rounds
The game was played in four rounds.
Piece of Ass
In the first round, "Piece of Ass", the three contestants are shown a category. Francis says the show's "Hit me" to reveal a category and the contestant must answer a question for 100 points. The contestant in the left podium begins the round. After seeing the category, a contestant has the option of "doubling down", to receive two questions in the category, for 200 points. However, if the contestant gets a question wrong, not only do they lose points corresponding to how much it was worth (100 normally, 200 for a double-down), but the other players have a chance to steal the question. Players are given 1000 points to begin the game. Also, one player may get a wild card instead of a category, and they must choose an opponent from whom to take 500 points if they can answer a single question.
Dirty Dozen
Round two was the "Dirty Dozen", much like the typical "lightning round" on many game shows. 12 questions were asked (4 per contestant), with a spotlight randomly falling on a contestant who must then answer directly. The correct answer to each question serves to segue to the next question. Questions are worth 500 points apiece (100 in season 1), and no points are lost on incorrect responses. In season 1, the contestant who answers was determined before Stewart read the question; however, in season 2, Stewart would read the question and then the contestant would be chosen.
Up Your Ass
Round three was "Up Your Ass". It takes the same form as round one, only with 200 or 400 points at stake, and 1000 points are again given to all players.
Ass on the Line
The final round, "Ass On The Line", presented the players with four categories. The player with the lowest score got first choice and could wager any amount up to their total on each of three successive questions in the chosen category, with a minimum bet of 500 points (100 in season 1). The round is over for players who fall below the minimum. The player who began the round in second place chose from the three remaining categories and the same structure applied, followed by the same routine for the player that was leading to begin the round.
Winning and bonus round
Whoever had the most points at the completion of the final round won $500 and then got to see one final category, and could choose to answer one question for a further $1,000, or to answer two questions for a further $2,000. Regardless of the choice, it was an all-or-nothing bonus: if, for example, the player opted to answer two questions, but answered the first one correctly and misses the second, they would only win the $500 for winning the game.
In season 1, the winner could choose to take $500 or "double down" and attempt to answer one final question correctly for $1,000, but a wrong answer meant they or they got nothing. If a game ended in a tie, the double down question was not offered and the tied contestants split the $1,000 prize automatically.
Running gags
Sitara wears a different shirt every episode, each one featuring a different motto or creed, such as "Brunettes have more fun" and "My ass is always on the line."
When a round ends, the sound of a donkey is heard. Occasionally, Stewart would say, "That's my wife, gotta go".
Notable contestants
Actor Chris Kalhoon, who went on to star with Jennifer Love Hewitt in The Client List and Milla Jovovich in Faces in the Crowd, was a contestant on the pilot episode.
Colin Sheppard, who was expelled from Canada's Worst Driver 2, was a contestant in the second season.
Boomer Phillips, Andrew Johnston & Trevor Boris, recurring jurors on the hit Canadian show Video on Trial, were contestants in the third season.
External links
CTV Comedy Channel original programming
Television shows filmed in Toronto
2005 Canadian television series debuts
2007 Canadian television series endings
2000s Canadian game shows
This is a list of earthquakes in the Levant, including earthquakes that either had their epicenter in the Levant or caused significant damage in the region. As it is now, the list is focused on events which affected the territories of modern-day Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine and Syria and to some degree the adjacent areas of South Anatolia, Cyprus island and the Sinai Peninsula (modern Turkey, Cyprus, Northern Cyprus and Egypt).
Seismic hazard
The Jordan Rift Valley is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform (DSF) fault system. The DSF forms the transform boundary between the African Plate to the west and the Arabian Plate to the east. The Golan Heights and all of Transjordan are part of the Arabian Plate, while the Galilee, Judean and Samarian highlands (West Bank), Coastal Plain and Negev along with the Sinai Peninsula are on the African Plate. This tectonic disposition leads to a relatively high seismic activity in the region.
Earthquakes
The region has experienced many earthquakes, the most destructive ones being those of 31 BCE, 363 CE, 749 CE, and 1033 CE. The 1759 events, along with the earlier 1202 Syria earthquake, are likely the strongest historical earthquakes in the region. Some of the earthquakes were also followed by a tsunami - notably in 92 BCE, 115, 306, 502, 551, 881, 1202.
Historic quakes in Bronze and Iron Ages
c.1700 BCE - the Canaanite palace of Tel Kabri destroyed in a major seismic event
c.1500/1400 BCE - the city of Jericho destroyed and abandoned upon a major seismic event
c.1365 BCE - A supposed violent earthquake that is claimed to have hit Ugarit in the Bronze Era is based on misinterpreting the evidence, especially Amarna letter 151 which actually only says that half of the royal palaced was destroyed by fire. The layer of destruction of Ugarit supposed to represent archaeological evidence for the catastrophe is now redated to ca. 1250 BCE.
c.8th century BCE - a major earthquake described in the book of Amos, affecting ancient Kingdom of Israel and Kingdom of Judah
Major earthquakes
140 BCE – disastrous earthquake between Tyre and Ptolemais (Acre/Akko)
92 BCE – Judean coast hit by tsunamis
31 BCE – 31 BCE Judea earthquake: epicenter in the Jordan Valley, magnitude at least 7; among the largest in 2000 years. Josephus Flavius writes of 30,000 people killed. Damages Emmaus and Straton's Tower (renamed Caesarea by Herod the Great).
30–33 CE (all following dates in this list are CE) – An earthquake, identified in the geological strata of the Dead Sea and by Roman sources, reported by the Gospels to have taken place during the crucifixion of Jesus
115 – 115 Antioch earthquake; Yavne and Caesarea are hit by a tsunami
130 – strong earthquakes affect among other places Caesarea, Lydda and Emmaus. Different sources give varying dates: 129, 131
306 – tsunami on the Levantine coast. Affects are felt in Caesarea, Tiberias, Jerusalem.
363 – the Galilee earthquake. See also next (365 CE) earthquake. The failed attempt of the Jews to rebuild the Jerusalem Temple during the reign of Emperor Julian is connected by some to the earthquake.
365 – 365 Crete earthquake triggered a large tsunami that inundated the Nile delta.
419 – earthquake causes destruction in Antipatris
502 – Ptolemais allegedly destroyed (Syriac chronicle of Joshua the Stylite), tsunami hits northern coast, Safed, Latrun (Nicopolis) affected
526 – 526 Antioch earthquake
551 – 551 Beirut earthquake affects much of the Middle East, possibly the largest event in the Levant. Gush Halav is destroyed. A major tsunami sweeps the coast from Caesarea to Tripoli, Lebanon
633 – affects Emmatha in the Yarmouk Valley and possibly nearby Abila of the Decapolis.
658 – affects Syria and Palestine. Jerusalem is badly damaged according to the chronicles of Michael the Syrian and Theophanes the Confessor.
672 – Ascalon, Gaza and Ramla hit by strong earthquake
746–749 – a series of earthquakes, often confused into one 749 Galilee earthquakes. Tiberias, Baysan (Beit She'an) and Hippos were largely destroyed. A large event was centered in the Jordan Valley and had a magnitude of 7.6.
808 – An earthquake affects Jerusalem. The Dome of the Rock is severely damaged.
846 – The Dome of the Rock is severely damaged by an earthquake.
847 – 847 Damascus earthquake
881 – 881 Acre earthquake. An earthquake on the Levantine coast leads to a tsunami at Acre
1015 – The dome of the Dome of the Rock collapses due to an earthquake.
1016 – Jerusalem, Jaffa and the region around are affected
1033–34 – 1033 Jordan Rift Valley earthquake: a series of earthquakes which are felt for 40 days destroys Ramla, Jericho and Nablus 70,000 deaths.
1063 – a large earthquake hits the Levantine littoral. Acre is badly damaged
1068 – ground-rupturing event in Wadi Arabah. Ramla was totally destroyed and lay abandoned for four years after losing some 15,000–25,000 inhabitants in the earthquake.
1070 – a large earthquake centered in the Beqaa Valley affects Palestine
1091 – coastal towns affected, city towers collapse
1138 – 1138 Aleppo earthquake
1157 – 1157 Hama earthquake
1170 – 1170 Syria earthquake: Caesarea damaged by tremor
1202 – 1202 Syria earthquake, one of the largest seismic events in written history. It resulted in nearly a million fatalities in the region, including fires and tsunamis
1261 – between Akko and Tripoli islands disappear under the sea
1660 – Tiberias hit by an earthquake.
1752 – coast of Syria and Palestine hit by strong earthquake
1759 – Near East earthquakes of 1759, likely among the strongest historical earthquakes in the region.
1822 - 1822 Aleppo earthquake
1834 – 1834 Jerusalem earthquake: Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Hebron are affected
1837 – Galilee earthquake of 1837, known as the Safed earthquake. The Roum fault, and its extension south to the Sea of Galilee, were sources of the event
1856 – 1856 Heraklion earthquake: although the earthquake had an epicenter off the Greek island of Crete, shaking was severe in Cairo, Israel, Palestine and in North Africa. Some people were killed in the Nile delta and Cairo due to collapsing buildings.
1872 – 1872 Amik earthquake: At least 1,800 people were killed during an 7.2 (MSK 64 = XI) quake in the Amik Valley. This earthquake is believed to have generated 50 km of surface rupture on the Amanos Fault.
1927 – 1927 Jericho earthquake. The epicenter was in the northern area of the Dead Sea. Jerusalem, Jericho, Ramle, Tiberias and Nablus were heavily damaged and at least 500 were estimated to have been killed. The death toll in Jerusalem included more than 130 people and around 450 were injured. About 300 houses collapsed or were severely damaged to the point of not being usable. The earthquake caused heavy damage to the domes of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and the al-Aqsa Mosque, the Dome of the Rock being badly damaged. The earthquake was especially severe in Nablus where it destroyed around 300 buildings, including the Mosque of Victory and the historic parts of the Great Mosque of Nablus. The death toll in Nablus included more than 150 people and around 250 were injured. In Jericho, a number of houses collapsed, including several relatively new hotels in one of which three female tourists from India were killed. Ramla and Tiberias were also heavily damaged.
1955 - 1955 Alexandria earthquake caused damage in the Nile Delta and left at least 18 dead.
1969 - 1969 Sharm El Sheikh earthquake affecting the southern Sinai peninsula
Minor earthquakes (below 6.0)
1898 – Haifa damaged by earthquake
1956 – Chim earthquake: In the south of Lebanon in the Chouf District; 6,000 homes destroyed, and another 17,000 damaged; 136 persons killed. Magnitude - 5.3-5.5 Mw.
2008 – A 5.1 earthquake shook South Lebanon, causing ten injuries, power outages and some building damage on February 15. Of several hundred responses to the USGS' "Did you feel it?" system, three reports from northern coastal Israel indicated that a maximum Mercalli intensity of VI (Strong) was observed there. The oblique-slip shock was also felt lightly in Jerusalem, Nicosia, and Amman.
2020 – A series of 4.7 earthquakes occurred at a depth of 20 kilometers in the eastern Mediterranean near Burj Islam, Syria.
2022 – An earthquake registering slightly more than 4.1 just over a mile below the surface, centered northeast of Beit She'an, south of the Sea of Galilee, is felt throughout Israel; no injuries or damage are reported.
References
Lists of earthquakes
Davit Iashvili (; ; born 1 September 1992) is a professional Georgian-born Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv in the Ukrainian Second League.
Iashvili is a product of the youth team systems of RVUFK Kyiv. But they then signed a contract with FC Obolon in 2011. On 3 December 2012, they signed a 3.5-year deal with FC Dynamo Kyiv until 30 June 2016.
They were called up to play for the Ukraine national under-21 football team by trainer Pavlo Yakovenko in a friendly match against Denmark and Portugal in October 2012.
References
External links
Profile at FFU Official Site (Ukr)
1992 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Association football defenders
Yeomanry House is a drill hall of the Scottish and North Irish Yeomanry located in Cupar, Fife.
History
This complex of buildings within a walled compound was completed in 1842 and was used as a prison for criminals until it was converted into a military barracks. Burials of prisoners who were executed or died while incarcerated took place within the prison compound and human remains have been found adjacent to the north east boundary wall. The complex was converted into a drill hall for the 1st Fifeshire Light Horse Volunteer Corps in 1890. This unit amalgamated with the 1st Forfarshire Light Horse to become the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry in 1901 with 'A Squadron', the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry based at Yeomanry House in Cupar. 'A Squadron' was mobilised at the drill hall in August 1914 before being deployed to Gallipoli and ultimately to the Western Front.
After the end of the Second World War, the regiment was re-constituted at the Hunter Street drill hall in Kirkcaldy but it amalgamated with the Scottish Horse to form the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry/Scottish Horse with its headquarters at Yeomanry House in Cupar in 1956. After being reduced to a cadre in 1969 and being disbanded in 1975, a squadron was reformed again as C (Fife and Forfar Yeomanry/Scottish Horse) Squadron, The Scottish Yeomanry at Yeomanry House in Cupar in 1992. This unit evolved to become C (Fife and Forfar Yeomanry/Scottish Horse) Squadron, The Queen's Own Yeomanry in 1999 and C (Fife and Forfar Yeomanry/Scottish Horse) Squadron the Scottish and North Irish Yeomanry, still based at Yeomanry House in Cupar, in 2014.
The building contains a small regimental library and archive collection relating to both the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry and the Scottish Horse which can be viewed by appointment.
References
Drill halls in Scotland
Buildings and structures in Fife
1842 establishments in Scotland
Whitworths is a dried fruit, nuts, home baking and snack products company, established in 1886 based in Irthlingborough, Northamptonshire, UK. As of March 2009 it employed 310 people.
The company was begun by the three Whitworth brothers John, Herbert and Newton trading under the name of Whitworth Bros.
In 1971 they were awarded the Royal Warrant by Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother and in 1974 by Queen Elizabeth II.
History
In September 2013 they were purchased by private equity firm Equistone, and in May 2017 they were sold to Anatolia, a Turkish producer of dried fruit.
In 2016 they purchased Carr's Flour Mills Ltd for £36m from Carr's Group PLC, making them the market leader in the UK flour market.
Products
Whitworths have a number of different ranges of products, which they have split into the below categories:
Evening Snacks
Favourites
Flavoured Tubs & Mixes
Grazing Snacks
Great Scot
Ingredients
"Sunny" - Kids Snacking
"Shots" - On the go snacks
Protein by Nature
Seeds
Snack Packs
See also
Wellingborough Whitworth F.C.
External links
Official web site
References
British companies established in 1886
Food and drink companies established in 1886
British Royal Warrant holders
British brands
Companies based in Northamptonshire
Food and drink companies of England
Eidsiva Energi is a Norwegian energy company based in Hamar with large sections of Oppland and Hedmark as core market, and is the largest producer, distributor and trader of electricity in both counties. The corporation had a revenue of NOK 3.5 billion and market capitalization of NOK 9 billion in 2006. It is owned by Hedmark County as well as by 25 municipalities.
The corporation is decentralised and has ten division offices in the two counties, while the head office is located in downtown Hamar, while the customer centre is located in Kongsvinger. It has 163,000 power- and grid customers as well as an electricity production of 3.2 TWh, all hydroelectricity, from 20 wholly owned and 24 partially owned power plants. It also operates 20,000 kilometers of power grid including 10,000 net stations and transformers. It also holds a 39.6% stake in Moelven Industrier.
History
The company was established in July 2000 when Lillehammer og Gausdal Energiverk and Hamar-regionen Energiverk merged their respective grid- and trade divisions. On June 6, 2001 Eidsiva Energi and Hedmark Energi merged their grid- and trade divisions. On April 15, 2004 the three lower companies merged and thus creating one large corporation called Eidsiva energi Holding AS that included industrial investments and energy production. On April 28, 2005 the company bought Mjøskraft and Mjøskraft Strøm from Hafslund and changed its name to Eidsiva Energi AS in December. In September 2006 it took over the power plants from Vannkraft Øst and Oppland Energi.
Electric power companies of Norway
Companies owned by municipalities of Norway
Companies based in Hamar
Energy companies established in 2000
Norwegian companies established in 2000
Disaster Zone: Volcano in New York is a 2006 American television disaster film directed by Robert Lee. It stars Costas Mandylor, Alexandra Paul, and Michael Ironside. It was produced by Front Street Pictures and Lava Lane Productions and was distributed by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment.
Plot
A volcano beneath New York City seems unlikely, yet nothing else can explain the bizarre tremors and terrifying explosions wreaking havoc on the city. Tunnel digger Matt MacLachlan, head of the team of "Sandhogs," has witnessed lava seeping into the city's aqueduct system and knows the unimaginable truth. A group of tramps trying to keep warm in Central Park near a heat vent die from carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide poisoning. A boat in the harbor is caught in a vent and explodes. The FBI Terror Task Force begins looking for the imagined terrorists who killed the tramps and blew up the boat.
Matt is taken off the Sandhogs as some of their men were severely injured, prompting an investigation. Pipes that were supposed to carry water are filled with steaming acid because of the volcano. They reunite with their former wife, Susan, who has been sent to interview them on what happened, and convinces them that there is something seriously wrong in tunnel number three. Together they sneak down into the tunnels, which have been sealed off, and they see enough to believe him.
Doctor Andrew Levering has been conducting a geothermal energy experiment that triggered volcanic activity. Their project drills down seven miles into the earth in a secret location hidden in a warehouse in downtown New York. Neil Kavanagh and other people are financing this project, but since there have been no results, they are ready to pull the funding, forcing Andrew to take more chances to produce instant results.
Matt and Susan go to the Mayor, only to find out that Susan's boss Jacob Reed lets them down. Neil, who is there also, manages to make the idea of a volcano look impossible, so the Mayor dismisses them. Shortly afterward, a homeowner opens the door to their house, only to be buried alive and instantly killed by a stream of molten lava. The whole block of houses goes up in flames, with 72 people missing, all of whom are presumed dead, and the Mayor begins to wonder, while Agent Walters of the FBI's Terror Task Force is given leave to do whatever they have to do.
Matt and Susan drive around the suspect area using a handheld thermal detector and find unnatural heat coming from a warehouse. They enter, but Matt is recognized by Andrew, who then binds them as prisoners. In an effort to produce results, Andrew, by this point, acting in desperation, goes too far, and the workers start to desert as flames leap from the drill hole. They try to seal it, but flames badly burn him. Meanwhile, Matt and Susan manage to escape as the unleashed lava causes the warehouse to explode. The effects of Andrew's latest efforts are seen on the streets of New York as lava spouts out of manholes and buildings catch fire, killing thousands and causing untold damage.
The Mayor sees what is happening from their office, and Neil reluctantly admits their part. They decide on an evacuation of the city. But all is not lost, as Matt has an idea. They tell their work crew that an explosion in the right place will divert the lava along the city's aqueduct tunnels and into the nearby sea. The race is then on to do it in time, but Andrew, who survived their burns but was horribly disfigured and now stalking the city streets with a gun, learns of their plans via a television broadcast. The deranged doctor follows the team into the tunnels and faces Matt and Susan as they attempt to set the charges necessary to open the tunnels. Delusively believing that their project is still viable, Andrew shoots Matt, but one of their shots goes astray and destabilizes the wall, releasing steam that blinds him. Matt and Susan escape from the tunnels just in time to avoid the lava flow, while Andrew is killed in the eruption. Their plan works, and the city is saved.
Cast
Costas Mandylor as Matt MacLachlan
Michael Ironside as Andrew Levering
Alexandra Paul as Dr. Susan Foxley
Michael Boisvert as "Ace"
Eric Breker as R.J.
Ron Selmour as Frank
Pascale Hutton as Karen
Zak Santiago as Jose
Robert Moloney as Jacob Reed
Kaj-Erik Eriksen as Joey
Matthew Bennett as FBI Agent Walters
Andrew Kavadas as Tommy
Kenneth McNulty as Neil Kavanagh
Tom Heaton as Hal
Louis Chirillo as Paulie
William MacDonald as Site Director
William Taylor as Mayor
Claire Riley as Newscaster
Robert Morton as homeowner
Release
While the film was originally released in North America in 2006, it has appeared in other countries in the following years. France, Germany, and Argentina received the film a year later, followed by Hungary in 2008. In 2009, the film was released in Italy.
External links
Disaster Zone: Volcano in New York at the Internet Movie Database.
Disaster Zone: Volcano in New York at Rotten Tomatoes.
2006 television films
2006 films
2000s thriller films
American disaster films
Films set in New York City
Films shot in Montreal
20th Century Fox films
Films shot in New York City
Syfy original films
Films about volcanoes
2000s American films
Mucho (A lot) is the 9th album by Argentine rock group Babasónicos. It was released on CD in 2008. The first single for the album is "Pijamas", and peaked 1 in Argentina. The second single was released in September.
Track listing
"Yo Anuncio" (I Announce)
"Pijamas" (Pajamas)
"Escamas" (Scales)
"Cuello Rojo" (Redneck)
"Cómo Eran Las Cosas" (How Things Were)
"Microdancing"
"Las Demás" (The Others)
"Estoy Rabioso" (I'm Angry)
"Nosotros" (Us)
"El Ídolo" (The Idol)
Singles
"Pijamas" (#1 Argentina)
"Microdancing" (#1 Argentina)
"Las Demás" (#19 Argentina)
"Escamas"
"Nosotros"
"El Ídolo"
Trivia
Gabriel Manelli -bass player- did help to compose the album and recorded some tracks for it, before their untimely death in January. Some of the songs were played and recorded by "Carca" too.
A B-Sides album with the songs who didn't make the final cut for Mucho, called Mucho + (Much More) was released in 2009. It was released as a Bonus CD in a Re-Release of the album. The track "Formidable" from this cd will be released as single in July 2009.
The album was released in cellphones before the physical CD release. The cellphone version contains a song called "To-do dicho" (All Said) as track 5, instead of "Cómo eran las cosas" on the CD version.
The deluxe version of the album contains another unreleased track from the Mucho sessions, "Para lelos" (For morons).
The song "Microdancing" is featured on the Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 soundtrack.
References
2008 albums
Babasónicos albums
Abdel Wahab Abdullah Salih (born 1946) is a Sudanese boxer. They competed in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1946 births
Living people
Boxers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sudanese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Sudan
People from Khartoum
Middleweight boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Elizabeth Thompson (1846–1933) was a British painter.
Elizabeth Thompson may also refer to:
Betty Thompson (1934–1994), Canadian TV presenter
Eliza Thompson (1816–1905), American Christian campaigner
Elizabeth A. Thompson (born 1949), English-born American statistician
Elizabeth Thompson (field hockey) (born 1994), New Zealand hockey player
Elizabeth Thompson (Barbados) (born 1961), Barbadian politician and diplomat
Elizabeth Maria Bowen Thompson (1812/13–1869), British educator missionary
Elizabeth Thompson (painter) (born 1954), American painter
Elizabeth Rowell Thompson, American philanthropist
Libby Thompson (1855–1953), American prostitute and dancehall girl
See also
Elizabeth Thomson (disambiguation)
Liz Thompson (disambiguation)
Elizabeth Thomson Clark, poet and playwright
Thompson (surname)
Aleksandar Đorđević (, ; also transliterated Aleksandar Djordjević; born 14 July 1968) is a football coach and former player.
They were part of the FK Partizan era that enjoyed great success in the Yugoslav First League in the late 1980s, finishing in the top three four times between 1986 and 1992 (including winning the 1986–87 Yugoslav First League). They were part of the squad that won the 1988–89 Yugoslav Cup.
After a brief spell with FK Napredak Kruševac, They eventually moved to Australia and joined the Morwell Falcons in 1993 and formed part of their late-season run towards the 1993–94 National Soccer League finals, which they missed by a solitary point.
In August 2013 Đorđević was appointed to the coaching staff of the Faroe Islands women's national football team.
References
External links
Aleksandar Djordjevic at FaroeSoccer
Photo album at crno-bela-nostalgija.blogspot.ca
1968 births
Living people
FK Partizan players
FK Napredak Kruševac players
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC players
ND Gorica players
FC Zürich players
KÍ Klaksvík players
Expatriate footballers in the Faroe Islands
Gippsland Falcons players
Association football defenders
The Cooper Ornithological Society (COS), formerly the Cooper Ornithological Club, was an American ornithological society. It was founded in 1893 in California and operated until 2016. Its name commemorated James Graham Cooper, an early California biologist. It published the ornithological journal The Condor and the monograph series Studies in Avian Biology (formerly Pacific Coast Avifauna). It presented the annual Loye and Alden Miller Research Award, which is given for lifetime achievement in ornithological research and was a member of the Ornithological Council.
The aims of the Cooper Ornithological Society were the scientific study of birds, the dissemination of ornithological knowledge, the encouragement and spread of interest in the study of birds, and the conservation of birds and wildlife in general.
In October 2016 the Cooper Ornithological Society merged with the American Ornithologists' Union to form the American Ornithological Society, based in Chicago, Illinois. The combined society continues to present the Loye and Alden Miller Research Award.
References
External links
Cooper Ornithological Society
Guide to the Cooper Ornithological Society Records at The Bancroft Library
Ornithological organizations
Organizations established in 1893
1893 establishments in California
Organizations based in California
Ursula Deinert (17 October 1910 – 21 December 1988) was a German dancer and film actor.
Selected filmography
Woman's Love—Woman's Suffering (1937)
Nanon (1938)
Capriccio (1938)
Robert and Bertram (1939)
(1939)
Woman at the Wheel (1939)
My Aunt, Your Aunt (1939)
The Rothschilds (1940)
Jud Süß (1940)
Sonntagskinder (1941)
Pedro Will Hang (1941)
Bibliography
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich. Camden House, 2006.
External links
1910 births
1988 deaths
German film actores
German female dancers
Actresses from Berlin
20th-century German actores
Edgar Ronald Seary (1908, in Sheffield, England – 1984) was an educator and writer of two influentially and important books regarding the history of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Seary, son of Henry and Edith (Brunt) Seary was educated at Sheffield University. They were fellow at Sheffield and in 1933 lectured at Mannheim, Germany and also trained interpreters for diplomatic and consular service. While a lecturer at Rhodes University, South Africa they published a bibliography of South African literature and during World War II they were captain in the South African Army. In 1951 they were appointed English Chair at the College of Arts and Science, Baghdad.
Seary arrived in Newfoundland in 1954 as head of Memorial University's English Department, which they kept for 16 years. In 1967 they co-authored an ethno-linguistic study of the Avalon Peninsula with G. M. Story and W. J. Kirwin. In 1971 they published their book Place Names of the Avalon Peninsula of the Island of Newfoundland and in 1976 they published another popular and important book Family Names of the Island of Newfoundland.
Seary was awarded honorary degrees from both Sheffield and Memorial Universities and made Fellow of the Royal Historical Society and the Society of Antiquaries of London.
A promontory peak near the town of Bellevue was posthumous named in their honor.
See also
List of people of Newfoundland and Labrador
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador
References
1908 births
1984 deaths
Canadian male novelists
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
English antiquarians
Writers from Sheffield
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
Rhodes University academics
20th-century English novelists
20th-century Canadian male writers
South African military personnel of World War II
The San Diego Growlers are a professional Ultimate team that plays in the West Division of the American Ultimate Disc League (AUDL). They played their first season in 2015.
History
When the American Ultimate Disc League showed interest in expanding to the West Coast, three local club Ultiamte players explored club interest in the San Diego area and eventually bought the franchise territory rights to the area, beginning the history of the Growlers. The AUDL officially announced the Growlers as an expansion team in October 2014, noting that the team's name has a dual meaning as a reference to both the animal and the craft beer scene.
While the Growlers experienced a moderate amount of success in the early history of the team, a rivalry quickly formed with the Los Angeles Aviators, the closest team to the Growlers, which was also established before the 2015 season.
In 2018, the Growlers advanced to the AUDL playoffs for the first time, falling to division rival Los Angeles in the West Division finals.
In 2019, two-time AUDL MVP Goose Helton joined the team after playing with Raleigh in 2018. The Growlers finshed with a 10-2 regular season record to clinch the top seed in the West Division playoffs. They hosted their SoCal rival Los Angeles Aviators and defeated them in the playoffs to secure their first AUDL playoff win and Championship Weekend appearance in San Jose. San Diego would eventually lose in the semi-finals to the Dallas Roughnecks.
The 2020 season was eventually canceled due to the global pandemic, but the AUDL West Division underwent realignment with the addition of the Dallas Roughnecks and Austin Sol.
In 2021, the San Diego Growlers won the regular season title with yet another 10-2 record. They hosted and defeated the Dallas Roughnecks in the West Division Championship game to advance to AUDL Championship Weekend in Washington, DC. San Diego would eventually lose in the semi-finals to the 2019 AUDL Champion New York Empire.
References
External links
Talkn' Growlers podcast
2015 establishments in California
Ultimate teams established in 2015
Sports teams in California
Ultimate (sport) teams
Sports in San Diego
Xylopia arenaria is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is native to
Kenya, and Tanzania. Adolf Engler, the botanist who first formally described the species, named it after its growth in sandy places ( in Latin).
Description
It is a shrub or tree reaching 6 meters in height. The young, red-brown to grey branches are hairy, but as they mature they become hairless and their bark peels and flakes. Its egg-shaped to lance-shaped, papery to slightly leathery leaves are 3.4-7 by 1.5-2.5 centimeters. The leaves have wedge-shaped to rounded to slightly heart-shaped bases and pointed to blunt tips. The leaves are hairless on their upper surfaces, and have soft hairs that lay flat on their lower surfaces. The leaves have 7-12 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its petioles are 2.5-5 millimeters long, and covered in soft hairs, with an shallow groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur in the axils of leaves or fallen leaves. Each inflorescence has 1-2 flower. Each flower is on a hairy pedicel that is 1.8-3.5 by 0.7-1.3 millimeters. The pedicels have 3 oval to crescent-shaped, evenly spaced bracts that are 0.5-1.6 millimeters long. The upper two bracts can be bi-lobed. The tips of the bracts are pointed to blunt. Its flowers have 3 egg-shaped, leathery sepals that are 2.2-2.5 by 2.1-1.7 millimeters, with pointed tips. The lower third to half of the sepals are fused at their margins. The sepals are hairy on their lower surfaces. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The white to pale yellow-orange, lance-shaped, leathery to slightly fleshy, outer petals are 6.6-10.2 by 2.7-3.2 millimeter with pointed tips. The upper surface of the outer petals are densely covered in soft hairs except at their base, and the lower surfaces are densely covered in soft hairs that lay flat. The lance-shaped, slightly fleshy inner petals are white to pale yellow-orange on their outer surface and purple to red at the base of the inner surface. The inner petals are 4.7-7.2 by 1.8-2.7 millimeters. The inner petals are slightly hairy on their upper and lower surfaces except at their base. The tips of the inner petals are bent sharply outward between the outer petals. The flowers have 70-200 stamens that are 1.0-1.2 millimeters long. The tissue connecting the chambers of the anthers extends to form purple-red, truncated to pin-like caps that are 0.1-0.3 millimeters long and overhang the anthers. The anthers have 12-18 chambers. The flowers also have inner and outer sterile stamens. The club-shaped to oblong outer sterile stamens are 1.0-1.2 millimeters long with pointed to blunt to flat tips. The oblong inner sterile stamens are 0.8-0.9 millimeters long with pointed to blunt to flat tips. The flowers' receptacle that the stamens attach are attached to form a cone that is 1.4-1.6 by 0.9-1.2 millimeters. The flowers have 6-11 carpels with silky, oblong ovaries that are 1 millimeter long. The carpels have trowel-shaped stigma that are up to 2.3 millimeters long and drawn together at their tips. The tips of the stigmas have tufts of hair. The fruit occur in clusters of up to 4 on pedicles that are 4.2-5.3 by 1.2-1.6 millimeters. The oblong to slightly cylindrical, light green fruit are 1.3-2.5 by 0.5-1.2 by 0.5-0.7 centimeters. The tips of the fruit are rounded and have blunt beaks that are 1.2 millimeters long. The base of the fruit are narrowed into a 3-5 by 1.5-2.1 millimeter stipe. The surface of the fruit is smooth or slightly warty. The fruit have scarlet interior flesh. Each fruit has up to 3 pear-shaped, dark brown, smooth, shiny, seeds that are elliptical in cross-section and 9.2-9.8 by 5.3-5.8 by 4.5-6.3 millimeters. The seeds are arranged in a single row. The seeds have a bright orange fleshy coat.
Reproductive biology
The pollen of Xylopia arenaria is shed as permanent tetrads.
Distribution and habitat
It has been observed growing in sandy soil in forests and bushlands at elevations of 30-500 meters.
Uses
Based on interviews with traditional healers in Tanzania extracts from the root have been recorded as being used to treat epilepsy.
References
Plants described in 1904
Flora of Kenya
Flora of Tanzania
Taxa named by Adolf Engler
arenaria
Ahmad Amiruddin (born 3 October 1982 in Bone, Sulawesi Selatan) is a retired Indonesian footballer. They normally play as a striker and their height is 173 cm.
International career
Amiruddin played in two matches for the Indonesia national football team at the 2006 Merdeka Tournament. They were also a squad member at the 2007 ASEAN Football Championship, but did not appear in any matches. Amiruddin was named as a reserve for the Asian Cup 2007, but did not appear in any matches.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Bugis people
People from Bone Regency
Indonesian footballers
Indonesia international footballers
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Indonesian Premier League players
PSM Makassar players
Persiram Raja Ampat players
Arema F.C. players
Deltras F.C. players
Mitra Kukar players
Association football forwards
Association football wingers
Abolish ICE is a political movement that seeks the abolition of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). The movement gained mainstream traction in June 2018 following controversy of the Trump administration family separation policy. The movement proposes that ICE's responsibilities be subsumed by other existing immigration agencies, as was the case before its creation. Discussions are particularly focused on the enforcement wing of ICE.
History
Immigration and Customs Enforcement was created in 2003, as part of the newly formed U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The agency's young age has been a point of discussion, with proponents of Abolish ICE arguing that the United States can easily do without an agency that has only existed for less than twenty years.
Though the agency controversially expanded under Barack Obama, frustrating advocates for immigrants' rights, its stated focus remained the deportation of those undocumented immigrants who were convicted of a crime. In practice, however, ICE had been seen to target individuals solely on the crime of having previously entering the country illegally. In 2014, the National Immigration Law Center (NILC) filed a lawsuit against ICE and DHS under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). The NILC obtained documents that revealed the sharing of information between ICE/DHS and State Motor Vehicle Departments for the purpose of immigration enforcement. After Trump took office in January 2017, their administration began to implement harsher immigration policies, such as denying asylum to refugees and separating undocumented children from their families, which spurred the growth of the movement. Sean McElwee, co-founder of left-wing think tank Data for Progress, is credited with popularizing the slogan via the hashtag #AbolishICE.
In August 2017, a series of protests over the agency took place in Oakland, California. However, a group of Oakland police escorted ICE and DHS agents to the site of a search, sparking controversy and protests over the sanctuary policy breach. ICE later stated that the agency was serving a federal search warrant for suspected child trafficking, and was not conducting a deportation. Conservatives criticized the protesters for interfering with the investigation.
Controversy over the Trump administration family separation policy in 2018 brought the movement into the mainstream of political discussion. Dan Canon, a Democratic candidate for congress in Indiana, was the first candidate to call for ICE to be eliminated; Randy Bryce, a Democratic congressional candidate in Wisconsin, followed soon after in April. Bryce's opponent, Paul Ryan, who was then the Speaker of the House of Representatives, said that abolishing ICE was "the craziest position I have ever seen". On June 20, at the height of the family separation controversy, protestors approached Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen at a restaurant, chanting "Abolish ICE".
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a democratic socialist and Democratic primary challenger to Representative Joseph Crowley, made abolishing ICE one of their top campaign issues. In the wake of their unexpected victory on June 26, the position became more widely accepted by progressive politicians, including Massachusetts senator Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders. The change was particularly strong in Ocasio-Cortez's state of New York, where Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and New York City mayor Bill de Blasio quickly embraced the abolition of ICE after the win.
On June 25, Wisconsin member of congress Mark Pocan announced that they would introduce legislation to dismantle ICE and establish a commission to determine how the government "can implement a humane immigration enforcement system", after visiting the Mexico–United States border and witnessing "the nation's immigration crisis". Pocan was joined by Pramila Jayapal of Washington and Adriano Espaillat of New York in introducing the bill, the Establishing a Humane Immigration Enforcement System Act, on July 12.
Nineteen ICE agents wrote a letter to Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen asking for the ICE to be split into two separate agencies because they believe the institution inhibits their ability to do their job properly. Their proposal would separate the enforcement and removal unit, which is the subject of almost all of the controversy, from the investigations unit that focuses on issues such as fraud, human trafficking, gangs, and drug rings. They believe that sanctuary jurisdictions would be more likely to work with the investigative unit if it were separate.
Rallies in support of abolition
Several protests, rallies, and marches—including Occupy ICE, Families Belong Together, and Women Disobey—called for the abolition of ICE and decarceration of undocumented immigrants. These rallies took place over several months in over 700 cities in the United States and around the world.
Reactions
Trump has accused Democrats of advocating for the abolition of ICE, saying that if "you get rid of ICE, you're going to have a country that you're going to be afraid to walk out of your house". They predicted that Democrats would get "beaten so badly" in the 2018 midterm elections because of the issue (the Democrats gained control of the House, but the Republicans expanded their majority in the Senate in the elections). Vice President Mike Pence visited ICE's headquarters in the wake of the controversy, calling ICE and Border Patrol agents "heroes".
Most Democratic politicians, such as Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, and Vice-President Kamala Harris of California, believe that ICE should be reformed rather than abolished. Harris stated that Democrats should "critically re-examine ICE" and "think about starting from scratch" with American immigration policy, while Senator Bernie Sanders stated that Democrats should instead encourage Trump to work with them on "a national program which deals with this serious issue."
National polling by Pew Research Center in July 2018 found that ICE was one of the least popular government agencies among Americans. The same poll found that public support of the agency was sharply partisan: 72% of Democrats hold unfavorable view of the agency, while 72% of Republicans were found to have a "favorable opinion" of the agency.
National polling by POLITICO/Morning Consult in July 2018 found that 25% of Americans favored abolishing ICE, while a majority supported keeping it. In August 2018, national polling by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found that 37% of Americans hold an unfavorable opinion of ICE. The same poll found that 24% of Americans support abolishing ICE.
Commentators have noted that U.S. Customs and Border Protection, not ICE, is responsible for border enforcement, so abolishing ICE alone would not end the ability of the United States to enforce its immigration laws, nor would it necessarily end the controversial practice of family separation that spurred support for the movement.
See also
Police abolition movement
Criticisms of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
Electronic monitoring in the United States
Defund the police
References
2018 in American politics
Abolition
Illegal immigration to the United States
Immigrant rights activists
Immigration-related protests
Protests against Donald Trump
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
The 1982–83 Dallas Mavericks season was the team's third season in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Draft picks
Roster
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Player statistics
References
Dallas Mavericks seasons
Dallas
Dallas
Dallas
The Munising Front Range Light and its matching Munising Rear Range Light replaced the ineffective Grand Island East Channel Light in 1905. These two lights combine to guide boats from the open waters of Lake Superior down the East Channel next to Grand Island into the harbor of Munising. The history of these lighthouses is documented by Terry Pepper and is not reproduced here.
The Front Range Light is located at the western edge of Munising north of M-28. At this time, the light is managed by the National Park Service, the grounds are open to visitors, but the tower is closed.
According to US Government publication, "The American Practical Navigator", Chapter 5:
Range lights are light pairs that indicate a specific line of position when they are in line. The higher rear light is placed behind the front light. When the mariner sees the lights vertically in line, they are on the range line. If the front light appears left of the rear light, the observer is to the right of the range line; if the front appears to the right of the rear, the observer is left of the range line.
References
External links
Lighthouse Central, Munising Front Range Light, The Ultimate Guide to Upper Michigan Lighthouses by Jerry Roach.. (Publisher: Bugs Publishing LLC - 2007). .
Lighthouses completed in 1905
Lighthouses in Alger County, Michigan
1905 establishments in Michigan
Shailesh "Joe" Jogia (born 13 November 1975) is an English retired professional snooker player of Indian descent.
Early life
Born in Leicester, England in 1975, Jogia lived for a time in the Hertfordshire town of Letchworth, before returning to live in Leicester.
Career
Jogia reached the last 32 of four ranking events, the first two being the 2004 Grand Prix and British Open, within a few weeks of each other. They won the English Open title in 1998, and has defeated players such as Joe Swail, Mark King and Stuart Bingham in their career. Their highest in a ranking event is 137, in qualifying rounds of the 2009 Grand Prix, although they have also made a 147 maximum in pro-am play.
They dropped off the pro Main Tour after the 2006–07 season. In 2008–09 they topped the pro-am International Open Series to regain a place on the Main Tour, although this was a wildcard place as they were not a member of their national governing body at that time.
They qualified for the last 32 of a ranking event for the first time in 6 years at the 2010 World Open, where they played Liu Song and lost 3–1.
Jogia made it to the main stage of the UK Championship for the first time in 2011 by beating Jamie Cope 6–3 in the final round of qualifying. They were drawn against world number 2, Mark Williams, and won two successive frames to tie the match at 4–4. Unfortunately, Jogia had a bad "" while well placed to win the next frame and would lose the match 6–4. Jogia had a good season in the minor-ranking Players Tour Championship series as they played in all 12 of the events, reaching the semi-finals in the first event, where they lost 2–4 to Ronnie O'Sullivan. They also had two last 16 finishes to be placed 28th on the PTC Order of Merit, just out of the top 24 who qualified for the PTC Finals. Jogia only won one more match in qualifying after their UK Championship exploits and finished the season ranked world number 47.
On 30 May 2012, it was announced by World Snooker that Jogia had been suspended from playing on the tour because of unusual betting patterns on their match against Matthew Selt in the Snooker Shoot-Out, which was due to take place on 28 January 2012. A high number of bets were placed on Jogia to lose the match, which they claimed was because of an injury to their knee and the assumption that they would be unable to play to an adequate standard. Jogia withdrew from the event the day before it started, but faced a formal hearing of the World Snooker Disciplinary Committee in July. At the hearing it was revealed that Jogia had been in repeated communication with two people who placed 19 bets on the match and that 11 of these bets had been placed before they sought medical attention regarding their knee injury. Jogia was banned from snooker until after the 2014 World Championship and fined £2,000 as a contribution to the cost of the investigation.
On 7 January 2013, Jogia was removed from the snooker world rankings following ET 2012/13 – Event 6, after their WPBSA membership was terminated.
References
External links
English snooker players
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Leicester
English people of Indian descent
Yalınlıgediği, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Matthew, Count of Boulogne, also known as Matthew of Alsace (–1173) was the second son of Thierry, Count of Flanders and Sibylla of Anjou. Matthew forcibly abducted the nun Marie de Boulogne, daughter of Stephen, King of England, and constrained them into marriage, claiming the title of Count of Boulogne in 1160. The forced marriage was opposed by the Church and finally annulled in 1170, but they continued to rule as count until their death.
Matthew and Marie had two daughters: Ida, Countess of Boulogne, and Maud of Boulogne. Maud married Henry I, Duke of Brabant. In 1171, Matthew married Eleanor, daughter of Ralph I, Count of Vermandois, they had one short-lived daughter.
Matthew was a supporter of Henry the Young King, and received lands in England. They died fighting at the siege of Driencourt, during the 1173–74 revolt of Henry II of England's sons, under the leadership of Philip of Flanders. Wounded by a crossbow bolt, they did not recover.
References
Sources
1173 deaths
Counts of Boulogne
Year of birth uncertain
Jure uxoris officeholders
House of Metz
Deaths by arrow wounds
French military personnel killed in action
Pentalisa was a territory which was located in the region of Shekhawati, India. The group of 45 villages under Udaipurwati was known as Pentalisa. The Bhojraj Ji Ka Shekhawat Rajputs ruled over two territories, Pentalisa and Panch Pana.
Constituent villages
The 45 villages of Pentalisa were:
Udaipurwati,
Jhajhar, granted to Kunwar Purshottamdas Ji, elder son of Raja Todermal of Udaipurwati.
Chirana, site of a magnificent castle.
Khirod, founded by Kunwar Amar Singh and Kunwar Ram Singh, sons of Salehdi Singh, they built a castle in 1825 samwat.
Gudha, also known as Gudhagorji, established on Margshirsh shukla 5, samwat 1705 by Thakur Jhunjhar Singh Ji, son of Raja Todermal of Udaipurwati. Thakur sahab Shri. Virendra Pratap Singh Shekhawat former MLA is the member of the noble family of Gudha Gorji, is present.
Bhojgarh,(Thakur Devi Singh son of Thakur Ashu Singh ji)
Papda (Hukam Singh),
Bhorki (Bagh Singh),
Baghor,
Nangli Saledi Singh
Nangal,
Posana,
Inderpura, Thakur Sardar Singh received their patrimony of Inderpura. They were the son of Jhunjhar Singh of Gudha and grandson of Raja Todermal of Udaipurwati.
Khojas,
Pachlangi,
Papda (Chajoo Singh)
Jodhpura,
Bagholi, founded by Thakur sahab Anop Singh ji
Sefragonwar,
Chinchadoli,
Rasolpur,
Barau, Barau was conquered from Thaku Kusal Singh son of Thakur Jagram Singh
Gura, founded in samwat 1805 by Thakur Balu Singh son of Thakur Roop Singh and grandson of Thakur Jhunjhar Singh of Gudha.
Punkh,
Kishorpura, Kishorpura named after Thakur Kishor Singh (son of Thakur Jhunjhar Singh of Gudha). They received their patrimony of Kishorpura.
Nevari,
Dippura,
Chanwara,
Chavsari,
Badagaon,
Kakrana,
Kedh, in Samwat 1777, Kedh was conquered from Kaimkhani Nawab by
(Descendants of Thakur Salehdi Singh 1687-1767): Kedh, founded by Kunwar Gopal Singh son of Thakur Jagram Singh.
Thakur Gopal Singh son of Thakur Jagram Singh established bamlas in 1771 Besakh sudi teej
Jakhal,
Doodiya,
Chapoli, Raja Jatan Singh Ji received their patrimony of Chhapoli. They were the son of Raja Bagh Singh Ji and grandson of Raja Jhunjhar Singh Ji of Gudha.
Surpura Saray,
Girawadi,
Khoh, founded in last of 18th century by Thakur Balu Singh son of Thakur Roop Singh and grandson of Thakur Jhunjhar Singh of Gudha.
Dhamora,
Mandawara,
Gothara,
Mohanwari (Moonwari),
Hukampura,
BhojnagarLorada Lohargal
Khudania
∗Titanwar
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120801195034/http://members.iinet.net.au/~royalty/ips/misc/shekhawat.html
Shekhawati
Dabri Dheer Singh
Young Donovan's Kid is a 1931 American pre-Code melodrama film directed by Fred Niblo, from a screenplay by J. Walter Ruben, based upon the short story, Big Brother, by Rex Beach. It was a remake of a 1923 silent film of the same, produced by Famous Players-Lasky, and directed by Allan Dwan. This version starred Richard Dix, Jackie Cooper (who was on loan to RKO from Hal Roach Studios), and Marion Shilling. The film also featured Boris Karloff in a supporting role.
Plot
Jim Donovan (Richard Dix) is a two-bit mob leader in New York during the 1920s. When another mobster, Ben Murray (Richard Alexander) is killed in a gunfight between rival gangs, Donovan takes it upon themselves to raise their son, Midge Murray (Jackie Cooper). When Donovan seeks the advice of the parish priest on how to raise an adolescent boy, the priest, Father Dan (Frank Sheridan), enlists the services of their niece, Kitty Costello (Marion Shilling). When they direct Donovan to get honest work, they agree, and they get them a job at the ironworks where they are also employed.  They are slowly transformed by the effect that both Midge and Kitty have on him. They also fall in love with Kitty.
Things are going well until the government gets involved, and Midge is taken away from Donovan and sent to a house of correction. Donovan is devastated and loses their mind, declaring war on the authorities. However, Kitty has not given up on him, and gets them to calm down, by working out a deal with the authorities (due to their own personal standing in the community) where Midge will be returned to them if they keep their nose clean for several months.
The romance between Kitty and Donovan further blossoms over the course of the next couple of months, as Donovan looks forward to the return of Midge. However, one day as they are visiting Midge, Kitty is robbed of $5,000 which they were transporting from the ironworks to the bank. The police, suspecting the worst, arrest Donovan. They escape from police custody and tracks down the actual culprits who perpetrated the robbery, who happen to be their old gang. They recover the money, but in the process is seriously wounded in a gunfight.
Donovan manages to return the stolen funds to the police before collapsing. While in the hospital, they and Kitty declare their love for one another, and they are promised that Midge will join them shortly.
Cast
Richard Dix as Jim Donovan
Marion Shilling as Kitty Costello
Jackie Cooper as Midge Murray
Frank Sheridan as Father Dan
Boris Karloff as Cokey Joe
Dick Rush as Burke
Fred Kelsey as Collins
Richard Alexander as Ben Murray
Harry Tenbrook as Spike Doyle
Wilfred Lucas as Duryea
Philip Sleeman as Mike Novarro (as Phil Sleeman)
Robert Wilber as Monk Manilla
Charles Sullivan as Gyp
Jack Perry as Lefty
Frank Beal as McConnell
(Cast list as per AFI database)
Reception
The film recorded a loss of $100,000.
Mordaunt Hall of The New York Times did not enjoy the film, stating it was "a trifle too wearying for anybody more than sixteen. Other reviews of the time were a bit more generous. Screenland stated it was "A potent underworld drama with Richard Dix and Jackie Cooper giving great performances. The National Board of Review Magazine said the film was "Not so well directed as the silent version made years ago under the title of Big Brother, but the extraordinary acting of Jackie Cooper as the boy makes it well worth seeing." The Motion Picture Herald also gave it a favorable review.
The film also received good notices from the New York World-Telegram, the New York American, the Daily News, Film Daily, the Evening Graphic, the Motion Picture Daily, the Evening Journal, and the New York Herald Tribune.
International Photographer also had praise for the film especially for Dix and Cooper, of the latter saying, "... in their first screen appearance following Skippy. In the present instance the youngster's opportunities if anything are greater than in the former."
Notes
This film is a remake of the Famous Players-Lasky 1923 film Big Brother, directed by Allan Dwan, and starring Tom Moore, Edith Roberts and Mickey Bennett.
The film was originally going to be title Born to the Racket, but was changed to Young Donovan's Kid in April 1931.
See also
Boris Karloff filmography
References
External links
1931 films
1931 drama films
American drama films
Remakes of American films
1930s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Fred Niblo
RKO Pictures films
Films based on short fiction
Films based on works by Rex Beach
Sound film remakes of silent films
Melodrama films
1930s American films
Waitaki Boys' High School is a secondary school for boys located in the northern part of the town of Oamaru, Otago, New Zealand, with day and boarding facilities, and was founded in 1883. , it has a school roll of approximately 400 students.
The school has a house system with four houses, Don, Forrester, Lee and Sutherland. It organises some cultural activities together with its nearby sister school, Waitaki Girls' High School.
The school is notable for its British colonial architecture, encompassing such historic buildings such as the Hall of Memories, an assembly hall, built to honour its former pupils who died in various wars. Most of the blocks of classrooms at Waitaki Boys High School are named after famous past students, also known as Waitakians or Old Boys. The main, and oldest block of the school is named after Denis Blundell.
Founding the School
The idea of establishing a boys' high school originated with Mr. S. E. Shrimski, who was one of the two members of parliament representing the Waitaki electorate.
Rectors
The following is a complete list of the rectors of Waitaki Boys' High School:
Notable alumni
Peter Arnett – journalist
Fraser Barron – bomber pilot during World War II
James Bertram – professor, journalist
Denis Blundell – lawyer, governor-general
Dean Hall – video game designer, mountaineer
Charles Brasch – poet
Douglas Carter – former National MP for the Raglan electorate
Gonville ffrench-Beytagh (1912–1991), Dean of Johannesburg and an anti-apartheid activist.
Sir Malcolm Grant - chairperson of NHS England and Chancellor, University of York (former Provost and President of University College London (2003–2013)
Ron Guthrey – Mayor of Christchurch (1968–1971)
A. M. Hamilton – engineer
Brian Henderson – newsreader in Australia
Lindsay Merritt Inglis (1894–1966), a senior officer in the New Zealand Military Forces
Donald Gilbert Kennedy, DSO, Navy Cross (U.S.) (1898–1976) teacher, colonial administrator and Coastwatcher during the Solomon Islands campaign (World War II).
Douglas Lilburn – Professor, composer
Robert Macintosh (1897–1989), first Nuffield Professor of Anaesthetics, Oxford
Terry McCombs – politician, principal
Ian McLean – politician, economist
Arnold Nordmeyer (1901–1989), politician, Labour Party Minister of Finance 1957–1960
Foss Shanahan – diplomat
Angus Tait – electronics innovator and business person
Des Wilson – campaigner in Britain
David Sewell – New Zealand and Otago cricketer
Footnotes
External links
School Website
Ministry of Education website page
New Zealand Qualifications Authority website page
Boarding schools in New Zealand
Boys' schools in New Zealand
Educational institutions established in 1883
Secondary schools in Otago
Buildings and structures in Oamaru
1883 establishments in New Zealand
Johan Kellgren Areskoug (18 August 1906 – 21 December 1996) was a Swedish sprinter. They competed in the Olympics in 1932 and 1936 and won a bronze medal at the 1938 European Championships in the 400 m hurdles.
Career
At the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles Areskoug competed in both the 400 m and the 400 m hurdles. In the 400 m they went out in the heats, but in the hurdles they qualified for the final, running their personal best time of 53.2 in the semi-finals. In the final they only managed 54.6, finishing sixth and last. Four years later in Berlin they only competed in the 400 m hurdles, failing to qualify from the heats.
Areskoug placed third in the 400 m hurdles at the 1938 European Championships in Paris, running 53.6 and losing only to Prudent Joye and József Kovács.
Areskoug held the Swedish 400 m hurdles title in 1931, 1933, 1935–38. They placed second in the 400 m hurdles in 1929–30 and in the 110 m hurdles in 1930–31 and 1935–36.
References
1906 births
1996 deaths
People from Jönköping
Swedish male hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Sweden
European Athletics Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Jönköping County
Justice Start may refer to:
Charles M. Start, chief justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
Henry R. Start, associate justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Jesse Lyman Hurlbut (1843–1930) was an American clergyman of the Methodist Episcopal Church. They were born in New York City, graduated from at Wesleyan University in 1864, and held pastorates at Newark, Montclair, Paterson, Plainfield, Hoboken, Morristown, Orange, and Bloomfield, all in New Jersey. After 1879 they were connected with the Sunday-school and tract work of their denomination. They were secretary of the Epworth League in 1889–1892 and for some time was associated with J. H. Vincent in the direction of the Chautauqua Literary and Scientific Circle. From 1909 until their retirement in 1914 they were District Superintendent of the Newark District.
Among their works are:
Manual of Biblical Geography (1882)
Outlines in Old Testament History (1890)
Our Church (1902)
Story of the Bible (1905)
Outline Studies in the New Testament (1906)
Teacher Training Lessons (1908)
Organizing and Building up the Sunday School (1909)
Traveling in the Holy Land through the Stereoscope (1913)
The Superintendent's Helper (1915)
Life of Christ for Young and Old (1915)
The Story of Chautauqua (1921)
An Introduction to the John C. Winston Company's 1909 edition of John Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress - a version revised for younger readers.
References
External links
Chautauqua Institution
Wesleyan University alumni
Religious leaders from New York City
Clergy from Newark, New Jersey
American Methodist clergy
19th-century Methodist ministers
20th-century Methodist ministers
American theologians
Methodist theologians
1843 births
1930 deaths
The Church of the Madonna di Loreto is a renaissance-style, Roman Catholic church located in Spoleto, Province of Perugia, Umbria, Italy.
History
Construction of the church was begun in 1572 designed by Annibale de' Lippi of Florence. It stands near the Porta San Matteo, also called di Loreto. The site was chosen because it had housed an aedicule or chapel with the fresco of the Maestà (1537) painted by Jacopo Santoro da Giuliana, also called Jacopo Siculo. After the earthquake of 1571, veneration of the image increased. Many claimed the image had miraculous movements of the eyes causing the seismic events to stop. A church was thus erected around the image. The church was built in an unusual nearly symmetric Greek cross layout. The entrance portal was completed in 1662. The interior had a number of canvases by Giovanni Baglione, but these are now in the town art gallery. The interior houses the chapel of the Maestà, paralleling the englobed Santa Casa di Loreto.
References
Churches in Spoleto
Renaissance architecture in Umbria
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1572
Hesketh may refer to:
People
Baron Hesketh: the various barons or lords Hesketh, who lived at Easton Neston in Northamptonshire, England
Lord Hesketh: the Conservative Party politician, formally titled Alexander Fermor-Hesketh, 3rd Baron Hesketh
Hesketh Racing: the 1970s Formula One racing team, formed by Alexander Hesketh
Hesketh Motorcycles: the motorcycle brand, formed by Alexander Hesketh
Chris Hesketh, English rugby league footballer
Kenneth Hesketh, British composer
Jake Hesketh, English association footballer
Karne Hesketh, New Zealand-born Japanese rugby player
Philip Hesketh, British Anglican priest and current Dean of Rochester
Sean Hesketh, English rugby league footballer
Thomas Hesketh, English politician
Victoria Hesketh, English musician better known by their stage name Little Boots
Places
Hesketh, Alberta: a Canadian hamlet
Hesketh Bank: a small agricultural village in Lancashire
Etymology
The name came, as a placename, from Old Norse hestr = "horse" + skeið, = "grazing land for horses" or "horse racecourse".
Michel Bibollet (born 24 March 1963) is a French former professional racing cyclist. They rode in two editions of the Tour de France.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Haute-Savoie
Cyclists from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Archduchess Maria Luisa of Austria (30 August 1798 – 15 June 1857) was an Archduchess of Austria and Princess of Bohemia, as the daughter of Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany and Luisa of Naples and Sicily.
Biography
Archduchess Maria Luisa Giuseppa Cristina Rosa was born on 30 August 1798, in Florence. They were the second child and first daughter borne to Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany and their wife Luisa of Naples and Sicily. Them mother was the niece of the ill-fated queen of France, Marie Antoinette. By birth they were an Archduchess of Austria and a Princess of Bohemia. They grew up in Italy and Austria.
Since their birth, Maria Luisa was disabled and suffered from a deformity. Due to this, they were affectionately called “the little hunchback”.
Maria Luisa and their family were known to have made regular visitations to Pisa, since 1814. They never married, or had children.
They died on 15 June 1857, aged 58.
References
1798 births
1857 deaths
Maria Luisa
Italian princesses
Maria Luisa
Nobility from Florence
Burials at San Lorenzo, Florence
Oliver Taylor (born 1994) is an English stage actor and dancer, best known for playing the title role in Billy Elliot the Musical at the Victoria Palace Theatre, London.
Career
Taylor is from Paignton, Devon. They began dancing at the age of 3 when their sister's dance teacher invited them to join in. They attend the Buckingham Dance Studios in Paignton. In 2006, Taylor won the Fonteyn Nureyev Young Dancers Competition (Junior level) run by the Royal Academy of Dance and was awarded the Young Dancer of the Year title.
They have performed in a few theatre productions near where they live. They played the part of the Boy in The Snowman, the Nutcracker in The Nutcracker, and Franz in Coppélia. They were featured in Ready Steady Cook (2006) and took part in a children's BBC programme Take a Bow (2007).
Taylor successfully auditioned for Billy Elliot the Musical in September 2006. After training since January 2007, they gave their first performance on Monday, 18 June 2007. In August 2007 they feature in an ITV documentary about the musical, together with the actor James Gaddas (who played their on-stage father). On 1 December 2007, the company official bade farewell to Taylor along with Ryan Longbottom, who played Michael and Leigh Laurie, who played Debbie. Taylor's 50th and final performance was 15 December 2007.
After finishing their run as Billy, Taylor resumed their training at the Buckingham Dance Studios along with taking lessons as a mid associate of the Royal Ballet. They entered the 2nd Fonteyn Nureyev Young Dancers Competition (Senior level) and in February, 2008 became a winner of Wales & South West England (Including the Channel Islands) heat. On 13 April 2008 they competed in the Final of the Competition that took place at the Bloomsbury Theatre, London. On 24 February 2008 they were featured (along with four other performers of Billy Elliot role) in BBC's show "Happy Birthday Brucie!" devoted to Bruce Forsyth's 80th birthday.
Taylor has also performed in a few theatre productions in Torquay. On 7 November 2008 they performed the role of Prince Albrecht in the production of Giselle prepared by the Buckingham Dance Studios and shown at the Princess Theatre. Another lead role was performed by them in the show "The Prince and the Pauper" at Babbacombe Theatre on 21 November 2009. In the show "Old Tyme Music Hall" that took place in summer 2009 at the Princess Theatre Taylor performed Nijinsky's Fire Bird Ballet Solo. On 27 November 2010 they were a leading dancer in "A Beatles Ballet" produced by the Buckingham Dance Studio.
In September 2010 Taylor continued their education as an A-level student at Churston Ferrers Grammar School.  They are now reading History at the University of York.
See also
Billy Elliot the Musical
References
English male stage actors
English male ballet dancers
Living people
1994 births
People from Paignton
Male actors from Devon
People educated at Churston Ferrers Grammar School
Kulraj Kaur Randhawa (born 16 May 1983) is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi and Punjabi language films. They best known their role as "Kareena" in the TV series Kareena Kareena.
Filmography
References
External links
Interview with Kulraj Randhawa
1983 births
Indian television actores
Indian film actores
Living people
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Female models from Uttarakhand
Actresses from Dehradun
Actresses in Punjabi cinema
The duskyshoulder trevally (Carangoides humerosus) or epaulet trevally, is a species of small inshore marine fish in the jack family, Carangidae. It is distributed through the eastern Indian and western Pacific Oceans, ranging from eastern India to northern Australia and Taiwan. It is relatively small by carangid standards, reaching only 27 cm maximum length, and can be distinguished by the large, black blotches on its shoulders. The duskyshoulder trevally is an inshore fish living in waters less than 50 m deep, over sandy substrates in bays and on the continental shelf. It is a predatory fish, taking demersal fishes, crustaceans, and cephalopods, with nothing known of its reproductive habits. It is of little value to fisheries, often taken as bycatch in prawn trawling operations.
Taxonomy and naming
The duskyshoulder trevally is classified within the genus Carangoides, a group of fish commonly called jacks and trevallies. Carangoides falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, the Carangidae are part of the order Carangiformes.
The species was first scientifically described by the Australian ichthyologist Allan Riverstone McCulloch in 1915 based on the holotype specimen taken from Bustard Head in Queensland, Australia. They named the species Caranx humerosus, with the specific epithet literally meaning "having shoulders" in reference to the species prominent dark shoulder colouring. The species was later transferred to the genus Carangoides, where it remains. The species has not been redescribed under another name, which is rare amongst the Carangidae. The common name 'duskyshoulder trevally' refers to the prominent shoulder markers, as does the name 'epaulet trevally'.
Description
The duskyshoulder trevally is one of the smallest fish in the genus Carangoides, reaching only 27 cm in length. The species is similar to other jacks in its overall body profile, having a compressed ovate to oblong shape, with the dorsal profile more convex than the ventral profile. The head profile is gently sloping and slightly convex, with large males having a distinct bulge that is absent in females and juveniles of both sexes. Both of the jaws contain anteriorly widening bands of small villiform teeth, with older individuals also having a number of larger outer teeth. Two separate dorsal fins occur, the first consisting of eight spines and the second of one spine and 20 to 22 soft rays. The anal fin has two detached anterior spines, followed by one spine and 17 to 19 soft rays. The lobe of the soft dorsal fin is falcate, being about the same length as the head. The pelvic fin consists of one spine and 18 or 19 soft rays. The lateral line is moderately curved anteriorly, with the curve having 62 to 72 scales present on it, while the straight section contains three to eight scales and 24 to 32 scutes. The breast of the duskyshoulder trevally is scaleless, extending up to behind the pelvic fin origin and laterally to the pectoral fin base. It has six to 10 gill rakers on the first arch and 16 to 20 on the second arch, and the species has 24 vertebrae.
The duskyshoulder trevally is a dusky green colour above, fading to silver below, with adults and juveniles often having five or six dark broad crossbars running vertically down their bodies. A large black spot is usually present on the shoulder, with smaller dark spots on the operculum and pectoral fin axil. The soft dorsal, anal, and caudal fins are dusky, with the spinous dorsal fin black. The pectoral and pelvic fins are hyaline to white in colour.
Distribution and habitat
The duskyshoulder trevally inhabits the tropical and subtropical regions of the eastern Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean, recorded only from the coastlines of India, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, northern Australia, and possibly Taiwan. The species probably inhabits offshore areas of more islands in the region, but due to inadequate sampling, has not been recorded.
The species lives in waters shallower than 50 m, generally inhabiting the sandy substrates and reefs of the continental shelf, also venturing into bays and inhabiting beaches and mangrove-lined creeks.
Biology and fishery
The duskyshoulder trevally is poorly studied in most aspects of its biology with the exception of its diet. It is a benthic predator, with studies in the Gulf of Carpentaria indicating it preys mostly on various species of small teleost fishes and crustaceans, with particular preference for brachyurans. Other less commonly taken prey include penaeid prawns, other crustaceans, molluscs, and cephalopods. Nothing is known of the movements or reproduction in the species.
The duskyshoulder trevally is of little importance to either commercial fisheries or anglers, but is commonly taken as bycatch in other trawl fisheries, especially the northern Australian prawn fishery. It is mostly discarded when taken, rarely sold at market.
References
External links
Duskyshoulder trevally at Fishbase
Encyclopedia of Life page
duskyshoulder trevally
Marine fish of Northern Australia
duskyshoulder trevally
The 1947 Mississippi State Maroons football team was an American football team that represented Mississippi State College in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1947 college football season. In its eighth season under head coach Allyn McKeen, the team compiled a 7–3 record (2–2 against SEC opponents), finished fourth in the SEC, and outscored opponents by a total of 169 to 89.
Three Mississippi State players received honors from the Associated Press (AP) or United Press (UP) on the 1947 All-SEC football team: tackle Dub Garrett (AP-1, UP); quarterback Harper Davis (AP-3); and halfback Shorty McWilliams (AP-1).
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Daniel Owen Jones is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Forest Green Rovers.
Club career
In 2018, Jones joined the academy at Forest Green Rovers. During the 2019–20 EFL Trophy, Jones made two appearances for Forest Green, against Southampton U21 and Walsall.
International career
In July 2018, Jones was called up to the Wales under-17 squad for the Telki Cup.
Career statistics
References
2000s births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Welsh footballers
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
Wales youth international footballers
Sneakin' Suspicion was the fourth album by Dr. Feelgood, and was released in 1977. During recording of Sneakin' Suspicion, the band nearly disbanded following the departure of guitarist, songwriter and focal point, Wilko Johnson.
The album reached number 10 in the UK Albums Chart in June 1977, and remained in that chart for six weeks. It also spawned their first single to enter the corresponding UK Singles Chart - "Sneakin' Suspicion".
Despite its thriving British success, Dr. Feelgood was unable to find an audience in the United States. After Sneakin' Suspicion they never released another record in the U.S.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Wilko Johnson; except where indicated
"Sneakin' Suspicion" (3:50)
"Paradise" (4:03)
"Nothin' Shakin' (But the Leaves on the Trees)" (Cirino Colacrai, Eddie Fontaine, Johnny Gluck, Diane Lampert) (3:28)
"Time and the Devil" (2:59)
"Lights Out" (Seth David, Mac Rebennack) (1:54)
"Lucky Seven" (Lew Lewis) (2:46)
"All My Love" (3:47)
"You'll Be Mine" (Willie Dixon) (3:17)
"Walking on the Edge" (3:39)
"Hey Mama, Keep Your Big Mouth Shut" (Ellas McDaniel)
Personnel
Dr. Feelgood
Lee Brilleaux - vocals, guitar, harmonica, slide guitar
Wilko Johnson - guitar, backing vocals, lead vocals (2,4)
John B. Sparks - bass guitar, backing vocals
The Big Figure - drums, percussion, backing vocals
with:
Tim Hinkley - keyboards
Technical
Bert de Coteaux - producer
Pat Moran - audio engineer
John Dent - mastering
Paul Henry - design
Gered Mankowitz - photography
References
External links
1977 albums
United Artists Records albums
Dr. Feelgood (band) albums
Albums recorded at Rockfield Studios
The following table presents a listing of Nigeria's 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory ranked by their literacy rate
List by UNESCO (2012)
Literacy rate of the population over 6 according to data by the UNESCO.
References
Ranked lists of country subdivisions
Literacy
literacy rate
Nigeria, literacy rate
Alexander Charles Waghorn (born 9 January 1995) is an English former first-class cricketer.
Waghorn was born at Wandsworth in January 1995. They were educated at the Royal Grammar School, Guildford before going up to Pembroke College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge, they made two appearances in first-class cricket in 2016, playing one match apiece for Cambridge MCCU against Essex at Fenner's and for Cambridge University against Oxford University in The University Match at Oxford. Playing as a right-arm medium-fast, they took 5 wickets in their two matches with best figures of 3 for 79.
Notes and references
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Wandsworth
People educated at Royal Grammar School, Guildford
Alumni of Pembroke College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Hans Wilhelm König (13 May 1912 – between 1962 or 1988) was a German Schutzstaffel Obersturmführer and a Lagerarzt (camp doctor) at the Auschwitz and Neuengamme concentration camps.
Life and career
After completing primary schooling, König began studying medicine. They completed a nine-month internship as a medical assistant in 1938 at the University of Göttingen Medical Center. On July 16, 1938, they married the Swedish female Dagmar Kalling in Oslo. König became an assistant doctor in Höxter in November of the next year, and moved into Godelheim in 1941. König completed their doctorate on 30 March 1943 by submitting their dissertation to the University of Göttingen.
König joined the Nazi Party on 1 September 1939, then joined the Waffen-SS in June 1943. Around this time, they became a camp doctor at Auschwitz I or Birkenau. There they participated in selections for the gas chambers in the women's camps, tested drugs on prisoners on behalf of IG Farben and Bayer, and tested electroshock weapons on female prisoners. In Autumn of 1944, König succeeded Horst Fischer as supervisor of Auschwitz III. König passed through the Mittelbau camp when Auschwitz was evacuated and resumed their work at Neuengamme.
Under the pseudonym Ernest Peltz, König escaped to Colnrade, where they received a permit to practice medicine as a doctor from the British authority. When rumors about Peltz's authenticity began circulating and an investigation was opened, they closed their practice in 1962 and fled the country. Their whereabouts are unknown.
Conduct at Auschwitz
Hermann Langbein records in People of Auschwitz that König used their time at Auschwitz to advance their medical studies. König studied with Jewish doctors, whom they treated cordially, but also performed dangerous and invasive procedures on the basis of their own interest. One of those physicians, , described that prisoners whose sickness interested König received better care until they grew bored with their condition, at which point König assigned them to the gas chamber.
Legacy
König is mentioned by name in Binjamin Wilkomirski's fraudulent autobiography Fragments, but König was not present at Auschwitz at the same time Wilkomirski alleged they are.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Search for "Hans Wilhelm König" at the German National Library's website.
SS-Obersturmführer
Auschwitz concentration camp medical personnel
Physicians in the Nazi Party
Place of death missing
Nazi human subject research
Physicians from Stuttgart
1912 births
Year of death unknown
People from the Kingdom of Württemberg
Waffen-SS personnel
Heritage Lake is a census-designated place in Tazewell County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 1,520 as of the 2010 census.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Tazewell County, Illinois
Census-designated places in Illinois
The Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a Democracy is a group of 17 American media, policy and community leaders formed to assess the information needs of communities in the United States in the 21st Century, and recommend measures to help Americans better meet those needs. The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation funded the Commission and commissioned the Aspen Institute Communications and Society Program to run it. The co-chairs of the Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a Democracy are Theodore B. Olson, American lawyer and former Solicitor General of the United States, and Marissa Mayer, Vice President of Search Product and User Experience at Google. The Commission held its first public meeting in Washington, D.C. on June 24, 2008, and subsequent meetings or community forums in Aspen, Colorado; Chicago, Illinois; Missoula, Montana; Mountain View, California; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Washington, D.C. The Knight Commission released its report, Informing Communities: Sustaining Democracy in the Digital Age on October 2, 2009.
On October 28, 2009 the Federal Communications Commission appointed Steven Waldman, Steven Waldman president and editor-in-chief of beliefnet.com, "to lead an agency-wide initiative to assess the state of media in these challenging economic times and make recommendations designed to ensure a vibrant media landscape." In announcing the appointment the Commission cited the Knight Commission as one of the factors leading to this appointment and initiative.
Members of the Commission
The 17 members of the Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a Democracy are:
Marissa Mayer, co-chair, vice president of Search Product and User Experience, Google
Theodore B. Olson, co-chair, constitutional lawyer and former Solicitor General of the United States
Danah Boyd, social media researcher at Microsoft Research and Fellow, Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University
John S. Carroll, former editor, Los Angeles Times, Baltimore Sun and Lexington (Ky.) Herald-Leader
Robert W. Decherd, chief executive officer, A.H. Belo Corporation
Reed Hundt, former chairperson, Federal Communications Commission
Alberto Ibargüen, ex officio, president and chief executive officer, John S. and James L. Knight Foundation
Walter Isaacson, ex officio, president and chief executive officer, The Aspen Institute
Benjamin Todd Jealous, president and chief executive officer, National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)
Mary Junck, chairperson and chief executive officer, Lee Enterprises
Monica Lozano, publisher and chief executive officer, La Opinión
Lisa MacCallum, managing director and general manager, Nike Foundation
Andrew Mooney, executive director of Local Initiatives Support Corporation/Chicago (LISC)
Donna Nicely, director, Nashville Public Library
Michael Powell, former chairperson, Federal Communications Commission
Rey Ramsey, co-founder and chief executive officer, One Economy Corporation
Paul Sagan, president and chief executive officer, Akamai
Peter Shane, executive director of the Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a Democracy , Jacob E. Davis and Jacob E. Davis II Chair in Law, Ohio State University
Commission Report
The Commission report, Informing Communities: Sustaining Democracy in the Digital Age, represents one of the most comprehensive initiatives to identify the various types of information that individuals and communities need in order to function and thrive in the digital era. The report's most urgent finding is that a "broadband gap", a "literacy gap" and a "participation gap" combined threaten to hold those U.S. residents who are young, poor and live in rural areas in a second-class status as citizens. The report contains 15 numbered recommendations listed under three broader objectives that seek to "maximize the availability of relevant and credible information", "enhance the information capacity of individuals", and "promote public engagement." A top priority noted in the report is universal broadband access to all Americans.
The Commission report was presented to several notable federal officials during a forum at the Newseum in Washington, D.C. on October 2, 2009. Participating officials included Julius Genachowski, chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission; Aneesh Chopra, the Obama administration's Chief Technology Officer; and Ernest J. Wilson III, chairperson of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
References
External links
Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a Democracy official website
Knight Commission on the Information Needs of Communities in a Democracy report website
Knight Foundation website
Aspen Institute website
C-SPAN video coverage of report release event on October 2, 2009
Organizations established in 2008
Local government in the United States
Angelika Kirchmayr, also spelled Angelika Kirkhmaier (), is a former Soviet ice dancer.
 They are the 1989 World Junior champion with partner Dmitri Lagutin. They were married (now divorced) to Oleg Ovsyannikov, with whom they have a daughter, Michelle Ovsyannikov. Kirchmayr coached Gabriela Kubová and Dmitri Kiselev.
References
Navigation
Soviet female ice dancers
Living people
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Naomi McCormack is a Canadian film director, producer, screenwriter, theatre director and arts administrator.  They are most noted for their 1996 film The Hangman's Bride, which won the Genie Award for Best Live Action Short Drama at the 18th Genie Awards.
The twin sister of writer and legal educator Judith McCormack, they also directed a short film adaptation of their sister's short story "Plural" in 2011. They have also taught film studies at the University of Pennsylvania and Humber College, directed the documentary films Amazing Grace: Trapeze and Transcendence (1999) and Out of the Question: Women, Media and the Art of Inquiry (2009), and was credited as a producer on Dominique Cardona and Laurie Colbert's 2018 film Catch and Release.
References
External links
20th-century Canadian screenwriters
21st-century Canadian screenwriters
Canadian women film directors
Canadian women film producers
Canadian documentary film directors
Canadian women screenwriters
Canadian theatre directors
Film directors from Toronto
Directors of Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners for Best Live Action Short Drama
York University alumni
Living people
Twin people from Canada
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Canadian women writers
Philipp Hafner (September 27, 1735 (some sources say 1731) - July 30, 1764) was an Austrian farce writer, born in Vienna. They also wrote under the pseudonyms K. Fiedelbogen, J. Wustio, and Phakipinpler. Their principal works are the following: Der alte Odoardo und der lächerliche Hanswurst (1755); Die reisenden Komödianten (1774), a comedy full of wit and humor; Dramatische Unterhaltungen ůnter guten Freuden (1774). Their collected comedies were published by Joseph Sonnleithner in 1812 (Vienna).
External links
Some biographical information
References
Austrian male writers
1730s births
1764 deaths
Hepscott is a small village in the county of Northumberland, England, about south east of Morpeth, the county town.
The name is Anglo-Saxon in origin and a derivation of "Shepherd's Cote". This suggests that the village, which was a hamlet prior to expansion since the 1980s, originated as the homestead of a shepherd, possibly in the early medieval period.
Governance
Hepscott lies within the Ulgham Division of the new county-wide unitary authority, Northumberland County Council. The County Councillor is Cllr David J. Towns (Conservative), and the village falls within the Northern Area Committee's jurisdiction.
Landmarks
The most historic building in Hepscott is Hepscott Hall, a three-storey, rectangular medieval pele tower. The Hall was associated with a deer park. The traces of part of the boundary wall of the deer park survive along the track to Field House Farm. Another historic building of importance is a smithy dating to the late 18th century that is a Grade II Listed Building.
The heart of the community is the village hall, there are regular events and cultural activities including art shows, flower arranging lessons, wine tasting evenings and poetry recitals.
Notable people
Hepscott has recently lost its longest-living resident. Mrs Irene Violet Bevan was born at Barmoor, in the parish of Hepscott, on 27 January 1920. They died on 16 August 2010 aged 90. They knew Hepscott from a time when farming was by hand and horse, when Barmoor was bombed by the Luftwaffe and before it doubled in size from the 1970s onwards. They were instrumental in the Hepscott WI, Over 60s Club and Tea Party. They also helped save the land that the school and church stood on from development from personal knowledge that the land was left to the village by Lord Carlisle. It is partly due to them that there is a village hall on this land.
Irene was a cousin, once-removed of the suffragette Emily Wilding Davison. Them mother and Emily were close friends as well as cousins. Irene held the family knowledge inherited from their mother that Emily did not intend to kill themselves when they accosted the King's horse at the Epsom Derby in 1913. Them intention was to pin the suffragette colours on the horse.
Other notable residents have included footballers John Barnes, David McCreary, Anton Ferdinand, Steven Taylor and football managers Jack Charlton, Gordon Lee and Ellie Taggart also with their brother Alfie Taggart a player for the Scottish rugby team.
References
http://hepscottparishcouncil.org.uk/
External links
Northumberland Communities (accessed: 27 November 2008)
Villages in Northumberland
Palot (पालोट) is a village in Didwana Tehsil in Nagaur district of Rajasthan, India. It belongs to Ajmer Division Division. It is located 85 km towards East from district headquarters Nagaur district. 15 km from Didwana. 171 km from the state capital Jaipur.
Palot Pin code is 341305 and postal head office is Koliya.
Koliya (7 km), Baldu ( 10 km), Mamroda (11 km), Singhana (11 km), Ratau are the nearby villages to Palot. Palot is surrounded by Ladnun Tehsil towards North, Jayal Tehsil towards west, Sujangarh Tehsil towards North, Makrana Tehsil towards South.
Ladnu, Sujangarh, Losal, Makrana are the nearby cities to Palot.
Gotras
[*DHERU*](5)
Kalwaniya (70)
Bhambu (10)
Dara (90)
Rajput
Manda (8)
Swami
Bramahan (2)
Kumawat
Gandas
Bhami
Ragar
Jangir (1)
References
Villages in Nagaur district
Zhongxian Ganbu () is a 2010 doctoral thesis of Feng Junqi at the Department of Sociology of Peking University. The 250,000-character Chinese-language thesis describes the political ecology of a county in central China's Henan province, based on the author's interviews with 161 local officials ranked deputy-section-head level or above during 2008–10.
The thesis draws significant public attention to nepotism in local government in China, and is often mentioned or discussed in related debates.
Title
The names of places and people in the thesis are all anonymised technically. The county where the author worked is referred to as Zhongxian () in the thesis, which means both "a county in central China" and "China miniatured in a county," according to the author himself. According to the thesis, the author was appointed temporary positions to work in Zhongxian for two years. They worked as a deputy mayor of Xicheng Township in the first year and as a magistrate assistant in the second year.
The English translation of the title is not standardised. "Cadres in Zhong Xian", "Zhongxian Cadres", "Cadres in a county of China", "Cadres of Zhongxian" are also used to referred to this thesis, in addition to its Pinyin "Zhongxian Ganbu".
Content
The thesis is an anthropological work based on participant observation and critical analyses, which reveals the cadres of Zhongxian from different perspectives, indicating the employee structure, promotion strategies and their intercalations in a county-level government in China. The thesis portrays a sick political ecology where officials of lower ranks bribe those of higher ranks, government positions are for sale, and political families inherit the power generation by generation. The author notices that when a government official fails to be promoted to deputy-division-head level positions before the age of 45, they will have little chance for promotions for the rest of their life. Also, little promotion chance is given to females, who largely rely on familial connections. The formal or informal personal relationships play an important or even decisive role in promotions, where personal secretaries and office directors take advantages and are far more likely to be promoted to higher ranks.
The author believe this description reflects the status quo of all county officials in China, while newspaper China Business View suggests that the phenomena described in the thesis are China in miniature.
Reception
As a doctoral thesis, the paper was highly regarded by the thesis committee. Yu Jianrong, an expert in China's rural development, states that the thesis "tells the truth of Chinese politics in county or town levels." Zheng Yefu, the doctoral advisor of the author, praised the solid, detailed investigations in the thesis.
The thesis draws significant attention to the recruitment of the local government, among both the general public and the academia, with news reports made in mainland China and beyond. Since then, it has been widely discussed and often mentioned, especially when discussing related topics, such as nepotism in China. For example, as Smith (2013) states,In central and western China, local government is seen as a desirable form of employment, and recruitment is largely based on nepotism, a widely acknowledged fact that, to my knowledge, only one scholar has been indiscreet enough to verify empirically by examining recruitment to different county government agencies and tracing the rise of different political clans within that county (Feng 2010).Columnist Lei Zhongzhe suggests that the conclusions in the thesis can be corroborative with isolated cases in Chinese politics, which makes a detailed diagnosis for the political system. Shaanxi-based newspaper China Business View also criticises the political families described in the thesis, arguing against the privatisation and monopolisation of the public resources by this family. The newspaper further reasons that the political ecology in the thesis will widen social divide and irritate social conflicts; thus, checks and balances should be made for the political power.
However, Cheng Haihua, a Chinese visiting scholar in the US, wrote against the methodology of the thesis in newspaper Global Times, doubting whether the undercover research can uphold ethical standards in the US and suggesting the urgent need for regulating research ethics in China.
In April 2015, as another 2010 paper by Feng, which describes how Hunan people gradually took control of China's copy industry, went viral on the Internet, the media began to look into the reasons underlying the popularity of the two theses, which is a sharp contrast to the fact that over 82% of the humanities research, including 32% of the sociology research, was never read or cited. News commentaries on different media praise the solid work and plain language used in both papers.
References
External links
2010 in China
Politics of China
Treatises
Political sociology
Sociology essays
Nikolai Alexandrovitsch Gagen (Russian: Николай Александрович Гаген) (Lakhta, Saint Petersburg, March 12/24 1895 - Moscow, May 20, 1969) was a Soviet Lieutenant General in World War II.
Biography
Nikolai Gagen's ancestors were Baltic Germans which lived around Wenden in Livonia.
Gagen served as an officer in the Imperial Army during World War I, joined the Reds after the October Revolution and took part in the Russian Civil War on their side. In 1939 they became a member of the Communist Party.
At the beginning of the German-Soviet War (June 1941) they commanded the 153rd Rifle Division in the 22nd Army, which was renamed the 3rd Guards Rifle Division, for its good performance during the Battle of Smolensk in September 1941. On November 9, 1941, they were promoted to Major General. At the end of January 1942, Gagen took over the 4th Guards Rifle Corps. With this Corps, they fought under the 54th Army in the Battle of Lyuban, in September 1942 under the 8th Army in the Sinyavino offensive and in early 1943 under the 1st Guards Army in Operation Gallop (in the Voroshilovgrad area).
On April 28, 1943 they were promoted to Lieutenant General and was given command of the 57th Army, which they held until October 1944. They led this Army during Operation Citadel, and as part of the 3rd Ukrainian Front in the Battle of the Dnieper, the Second Jassy–Kishinev offensive and the Belgrade Operation.
In January 1945, they returned to active service and was given command of the 26th Army deployed in southern Transdanubia, during the battle for Hungary. Among other things, Gagen took part in the defense against the German Lake Balaton offensive and, from mid-March 1945, in the Vienna offensive.
After the end of the war in Europe, they remained the commander of the 26th Army until its disbandment in September 1945. In December 1945 they became the commander of the 3rd Mountain Rifle Corps in the Carpathian Military District.
In February 1947, they became the deputy commander of the Primorsky Military District, and in 1953, deputy commander for combat training of the Far Eastern Military District. They remained in this position until January 1959, when they were transferred to the reserve due to poor health.
After being transferred to the reserve, they moved to Moscow, where they died in 1969.
They were awarded the Order of Lenin twice and the Order of the Red Banner four times.
Sources
generals.dk
Biography on encyclopedia.mil.ru
Biography on hrono
1895 births
1969 deaths
Soviet lieutenant generals
Russian military personnel of World War I
Soviet military personnel of the Russian Civil War
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Jakuszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately east of Miłkowice, north-west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Vrhovec is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Blaž Vrhovec (born 1992), Slovenian footballer
Janez Vrhovec (1921–1997), Serbian actor
Josip Vrhovec (1926–2006), Croatian partisan and communist politician
Croatian surnames
Slovene-language surnames
The Gaspee Affair was a significant event in the lead-up to the American Revolution. HMS Gaspee was a British customs schooner that enforced the Navigation Acts in and around Newport, Rhode Island, in 1772. It ran aground in shallow water while chasing the packet ship Hannah on June 9 near Gaspee Point in Warwick, Rhode Island. A group of men led by Abraham Whipple and John Brown I attacked, boarded, and torched the ship.
The event increased tensions between the American colonists and British officials, following the Boston Massacre in 1770. British officials in Rhode Island wanted to increase their control over trade—legitimate trade as well as smuggling—in order to increase their revenue from the small colony. But Rhode Islanders increasingly protested the Stamp Act, the Townshend Acts, and other British impositions that had clashed with the colony's history of rum manufacturing, slave trading, and other maritime exploits.
This event and others in Narragansett Bay marked the first acts of violent uprising against the British crown's authority in America, preceding the Boston Tea Party by more than a year and moving the Thirteen Colonies as a whole toward the war for independence.
Background
The customs service had a history of strong resistance in the Thirteen Colonies in the eighteenth century. Britain was at war during much of this period and was not in a strategic position to risk antagonizing its overseas colonies. Several successive ministries implemented new policies following Britain's victory in the Seven Years' War in an attempt to increase control within the colonies and to recoup the cost of the war from them. To that end, the Admiralty purchased six Marblehead sloops and schooners and gave them Anglicized French names based on their recent acquisitions in Canada, removing the French accents from St John, St Lawrence, Chaleur, Hope, Magdalen, and Gaspee.
Parliament argued that the revenue was necessary in order to bolster military and naval defensive positions along the borders of their distant colonies—but also to pay the debt which Britain had incurred in pursuing the war against France. These changes included deputizing the Royal Navy's sea officers to enforce customs laws in American ports. The enforcements became increasingly intrusive and aggressive in Narragansett Bay; Rhode Islanders finally responded by attacking in 1764, and they burned the customs ship in 1768 on Goat Island in Newport harbor.
In early 1772, Lieutenant William Duddingston sailed HMS Gaspee into Rhode Island's Narragansett Bay to force customs collection and mandatory inspection of cargo. They arrived in Rhode Island in February and met with Governor Joseph Wanton. Soon after they began patrolling Narragansett Bay, Gaspee stopped and inspected the sloop Fortune on February 17 and seized 12 hogsheads of undeclared rum. Duddingston sent Fortune and the seized rum to Boston, believing that any seized items left in a Rhode Island port would be reclaimed by the colonists.
This overbold move of sending Fortune to Boston brought outrage within the Rhode Island colony, because Duddingston had taken upon themselves the authority to determine where trial should take place concerning this seizure, completely superseding the authority of Wanton by doing so. Furthermore, it was a direct violation of the Rhode Island Royal Charter of 1663 to hold a trial outside of Rhode Island on an arrest that took place within the Colony.
After this, Duddingston and their crew became increasingly aggressive in their searches, boardings, and seizures, even going so far as to stop merchants who were on shore and force searches of their wares. Public resentment and outrage continued to escalate against Gaspee in particular and against the British in general. When a local sheriff threatened Duddingston with arrest, their commanding officer, Admiral John Montagu, responded with a letter threatening to hang as pirates anyone who made effort to rescue ships taken by Duddingston during their operations.
On March 21, Rhode Island Deputy Governor Darius Sessions wrote to Wanton regarding Duddingston, and they requested that the basis of Duddingston's authority be examined. In the letter, Sessions includes the opinion of Chief Justice Stephen Hopkins, who argues that "no commander of any vessel has any right to use any authority in the Body of the Colony without previously applying to the Governor and showing their warrant for so doing." Wanton wrote to Duddingston the next day, demanding that they "produce me your commission and instructions, if any you have, which was your duty to have done when you first came within the jurisdiction of this Colony." Duddingston returned a rude reply to the Governor, refusing to leave their ship or to acknowledge Wanton's elected authority within Rhode Island.
The incident
On June 9, Gaspee gave chase to the packet ship Hannah, but ran aground in shallow water on the northwestern side of the bay on what is now Gaspee Point. The crew was unable to free the ship, and Duddingston decided to wait for high tide, which would possibly set the vessel afloat. Before that could happen, however, a band of Providence men led by John Brown I decided to act on the "opportunity offered of putting an end to the trouble and vexation they daily caused." They rowed out to the ship and boarded it at the break of dawn on June 10. The crew put up a feeble resistance in which they were attacked with handspikes and Lieutenant Duddingston was shot and wounded in the groin. The boarding party casually read through the ships papers, before forcing the crew off the ship and setting it aflame.
A few days after being forced off of the ship, Duddingston was arrested by a sheriff for an earlier seizure of colonial cargo. Their commanding officer, Montagu, freed them by paying their fine and promptly sending them back to England to face a court-martial on the incident.
Joseph Bucklin was the man who shot Lt. Duddingston; other men who participated included Brown's brother Joseph of Providence, Simeon Potter of Bristol, and Robert Wickes of Warwick. Most of the men involved were also members of the Sons of Liberty.
Previous attacks by the colonists on British naval vessels had gone unpunished. In one case, a customs yacht was actually destroyed by fire with no administrative response. But in 1772, the Admiralty would not ignore the destruction of one of its military vessels on station. The American Department consulted the Solicitor and Attorneys General, who investigated and advised the Privy Council on the legal and constitutional options available. The Crown turned to a centuries-old institution of investigation: the Royal Commission of Inquiry, made up of the chiefs of the supreme courts of Massachusetts, New York, and New Jersey, the judge of the vice-admiralty of Boston, along with Wanton.
The Dockyard Act passed in April demanded that anyone suspected of burning British ships should be extradited and tried in England; however, the Gaspee raiders were charged with treason. The task of the commission was to determine which colonists had sufficient evidence against them to warrant shipping them to England for trial. The Commission was unable to obtain sufficient evidence and declared their inability to deal with the case.
Nonetheless, colonial Whigs were alarmed at the prospect of Americans being sent to England for trial, and a committee of correspondence was formed in Boston to consult on the crisis. In Virginia, the House of Burgesses was so alarmed that they also formed an inter-colonial committee of correspondence to consult with similar committees throughout the Thirteen Colonies. The Rev. John Allen preached a sermon at the Second Baptist Church in Boston which utilized the Gaspee affair to warn listeners about greedy monarchs, corrupt judges, and conspiracies in the London government. This sermon was printed seven different times in four colonial cities, becoming one of the most popular pamphlets of Colonial America. This pamphlet and editorials by numerous colonial newspaper editors awoke colonial Whigs from a lull of inactivity in 1772, thus inaugurating a series of conflicts that culminated in the Battles of Lexington and Concord.
Aftermath and legacy
The British authorities called for the apprehension and trial of the people responsible for shooting Duddingston and destroying the Gaspee. Wanton and Sessions echoed those same sentiments, though they lacked any enthusiasm for punishing their fellow Rhode Islanders. A British midshipman from Gaspee described the attackers as "merchants and masters of vessels, who were at my bureau reading and examining my papers." Montagu wrote to Wanton on July 8, nearly a month after the burning of the schooner, and utilized the account of Aaron Briggs, an indentured servant claiming to have participated in the June 9 burning. Montagu identified five Rhode Islanders, in varying levels of detail, whom they wanted Wanton to investigate and bring to justice: John Brown I, Joseph Brown, Simeon Potter, Dr. Weeks, and Richmond.
Wanton responded to this demand by examining the claims made by Aaron Briggs. Samuel Tompkins and Samuel Thurston, the proprietors of the Prudence Island farm where Briggs worked, gave testimony challenging their account of June 9. Both men stated that Briggs had been present at work the evening of June 9 and early in the morning on June 10. Additionally, Wanton received further evidence from two other indentured servants working with Briggs, and both stated that Briggs had been present throughout the night in question. Thus, Wanton believed that Briggs was no more than an imposter. Duddingston and Montagu challenged Wanton's assertions, Montagu saying that "it is clear to me from many corroborating circumstances, that they are no imposter."
Pawtuxet Village commemorates the Gaspee affair each year with Gaspee Days. This festival includes arts and crafts and races, but the highlight is the Gaspee Days parade, which features burning the Gaspee in effigy and a Revolutionary War battle reenactment, among other entertainments.
Historian Joey La Neve DeFrancesco argues that the Gaspee Affair resulted from the desire of the colonial elite in Rhode Island to protect their involvement in the triangular slave trade, which formed the backbone of the colony's economy. They noted that the Intolerable Acts severely affected the ability for Rhode Island merchants, many of whom participated in the attack on the Gaspee, to profit from slavery and the industries which were dependent on the slave trade, such as the rum and molasses trades. DeFrancesco writes that the colonists' "supposed fight for liberty was in fact a fight for the freedom to profit from the business of slavery", and claimed that celebrations of the incident in Rhode Island represent "New England's historical amnesia on slavery."
Gaspee Point is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. There is also a plaque in the front of a parking lot on South Main Street in Providence, Rhode Island, identifying the location of the Sabin Tavern, where the burning of the Gaspee was plotted.
See also
Caroline affair
HMS Diana
Historiography of the Gaspee Affair
References
Further reading
External links
The Gaspee Virtual Archives
A History of the Destruction of Their Britannic Majesty's Schooner Gaspee by John Russell Bartlett, at The Gaspee Virtual Archives
Doing Research on the Gaspee Affair: Primary and Secondary Bibliographic Sources
The Quest for the Gaspee 2003 – NOAA
Gaspee.info, website of the Joseph Bucklin Society.
Podcast description of the Gaspee Affair
Gaspee Commission Documents from the Rhode Island State Archives
Gaspee Commission records finding aid from the Rhode Island State Archives
An Act of War on the Eve of Revolution, by Commander Benjamin F. Armstrong, U.S. Navy February 2016 Naval History Magazine Volume 30, Number 1
1772 in Rhode Island
1772 in the Thirteen Colonies
Maritime incidents in 1772
Naval battles involving the United Kingdom
Naval battles involving the United States
Rhode Island in the American Revolution
Schooners of the Royal Navy
Ship fires
Warwick, Rhode Island
Bank Norwegian AS is a Norwegian digital bank which provides loans, credit cards and savings accounts to consumers. The company was founded in November 2007 and is headquartered at Fornebu, Norway and have customers in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Germany and Spain. Bank Norwegian cooperates with Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA on their loyalty program available in selected markets. in 2021, the bank has more than 1,7 million customers in total.
History
In May 2007, Norwegian announced that they planned to enter the banking sector, with Erik Jensen as CEO of the new company, Bank Norwegian. Mr. Jensen was previously CEO of yA Bank og Forsikring AS (yA Bank and Insurance). In September 2007, Bank Norwegian received a commercial bank operating license from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance. In October 2007 Norwegian announced that they planned to start a combined credit and bonus card program (Norwegian Reward) with up to 20% bonus for international flights and 1% of the purchase price on all credit purchases. The bank began providing services in Sweden in May 2013 and in Denmark and Finland in December 2015. On 19 August 2019, Bank Norwegian's parent company Bank Norwegian ASA (Previously Norwegian Finans Holding ASA) announced that Norwegian Air Shuttle had sold its entire shareholding in the company to Cidron Xingu Limited. Bank Norwegian was enlisted on the Oslo Stock Exchange from 17th of June 2016.
In November 2021, Nordax Bank AB completed acquisition of Bank Norwegian after a bidding process, and the company was delisted from Oslo Stock Exchange on 15th of November 2021.
References
External links
Official website Norway
Norwegian reward
Norwegian Air Shuttle
Official website Sweden
Official website Finland
Norwegian Credit Card Finland
Official website Denmark
Banks of Norway
Banks established in 2007
Norwegian Air Shuttle
2007 establishments in Norway
Financial services companies of Norway
Multinational companies headquartered in Norway
The 2017 World Table Tennis Championships were held in Düsseldorf, Germany, from 29 May to 5 June 2017. The decision to host the event in Düsseldorf was announced by the ITTF in April 2015. They were the 54th edition of the competition, and the seventh time that it has been staged in Germany.
Schedule
Five events were contested, with qualification rounds taking place from 29 to 30 May.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
See also
2017 ITTF Men's World Cup
2017 ITTF Women's World Cup
2017 ITTF World Tour
2017 ITTF World Tour Grand Finals
References
External links
Official website
ITTF website
World Table Tennis Championships
2017 in German sport
2017 in table tennis
Sports competitions in Düsseldorf
Table tennis competitions in Germany
International sports competitions hosted by Germany
May 2017 sports events in Germany
June 2017 sports events in Germany
2010s in Düsseldorf
The Korteweg-de Vries Institute for Mathematics (KdVI) is the institute for mathematical research at the University of Amsterdam. The KdVI is located in Amsterdam at the Amsterdam Science Park.
Robbert Dijkgraaf, Alexander Schrijver, Nicolai Reshetikhin, Jacob Korevaar, Miranda Cheng, Harry Buhrman and Jan van de Craats are notable researchers connected to the institute. The KdVI is an institutional member of the Royal Dutch Mathematical Society and the European Mathematical Society.
Research
Among the core research directions of the KdVI are:
Algebraic geometry, prof.dr. Lenny Taelman
Representation theory, Lie theory and algebraic groups, prof.dr. Jasper Stokman and prof.dr. Eric Opdam
Theoretical physics and mathematical physics, prof.dr. Sergey Shadrin
Discrete mathematics, algebraic combinatorics and graph theory, prof.dr. Jo Ellis-Monaghan
Pure analysis and dynamical systems, prof.dr. Han Peters
Numerical analysis and applied analysis, prof.dr. Rob Stevenson
Mathematical statistics and machine learning, prof.dr. Joris Mooij
Probability theory and queueing theory, prof.dr. Michel Mandjes
History of mathematics, dr. Gerard Alberts
Didactics, dr. André Heck
The institute is involved in several interdisciplinary research collaborations, including The Amsterdam String Theory Group, the NETWORKS programme and the QuSoft research center for quantum software
Education
Besides its research activities, the KdVI runs the education programmes in mathematics at the University of Amsterdam, namely the bachelor programme Mathematics and the master programmes Mathematics and Stochastics and Financial Mathematics, and jointly organises interdisciplinary double bachelor programmes Mathematics and Physics and Mathematics and Computer Science.
Name
The institute is named after the mathematicians Diederik Johannes Korteweg and Gustav de Vries. Korteweg was professor of mathematics at the University of Amsterdam from 1881 to 1918, and De Vries was Korteweg's student. Together they worked on the Korteweg–de Vries equation.
Directors
See also
Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica
Institute for Logic, Language and Computation
References
External links
Official Site
Amsterdam-Oost
Organisations based in Amsterdam
Mathematical institutes
Research institutes in the Netherlands
University of Amsterdam
Dedrick Etan Thomas (born April 1, 1978) is an American former professional basketball player who played for the Washington Wizards, Oklahoma City Thunder, and Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).  They are also a published poet, freelance writer, activist, and motivational speaker, as well as a co-host of Centers of Attention, a sports talk show on ESPN Radio Syracuse in Syracuse, New York, alongside former professional basketball player Danny Schayes.
Early life
Their name is derived from the 18th dynasty "heretic pharaoh" Akhenaten, an ancient Egyptian king.
Career
College
Thomas played their college basketball at Syracuse University from 1996 to 2000, where they averaged 11 points per game and almost seven rebounds per game and graduated with a degree in business management. In their sophomore season, they were named the Big East Most Improved Player; in their junior and senior years they were named Big East Defensive Player of the Year. At the end of their Syracuse career, Thomas was drafted 12th overall in the 2000 NBA Draft by the Dallas Mavericks. They also played basketball at Booker T. Washington High School in Tulsa, OK, where they were a teammate of De'mond Parker, R. W. McQuarters and Ryan Humphrey.
Professional career
Without ever playing a game for the Mavericks, they were traded to the Washington Wizards in 2001. They would play for Washington for the next 8 years (technically 7, as they sat out the entire 07 - 08 seasons due to injury), with their best season being in 2003 - 2004 when they averaged 8.9 points and 6.7 rebounds. Although Thomas never averaged 1.0 assists in a season, that 03 - 04 seasons was the closest they came to it, recording 68 assists in 79 games, for a season average of 0.9.
During the Wizards' training camp for the 2007–08 NBA season, a routine physical examination discovered that they had a leaking aortic valve. On October 11, 2007, Thomas successfully underwent open-heart surgery. They returned to play for the Wizards on October 29, 2008, a full year after their surgery. In their first game back, they had 10 points and eight rebounds.
On June 23, 2009, they were traded along with Oleksiy Pecherov, Darius Songaila, and a first-round draft pick to the Minnesota Timberwolves for Randy Foye and Mike Miller.
A month later on July 27, 2009, they were traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder along with a 2010 second-round draft pick and a conditional 2010 second-round draft pick in exchange for guards Chucky Atkins and Damien Wilkins.
On September 2, 2010, it was announced that the Atlanta Hawks had signed Thomas. Their tenure with the Hawks (2010 - 2011) would be their final season in the NBA. That season, they played 13 games for Atlanta while averaging 2.5 points and 1.8 rebounds. Their final NBA game was played on April 16, 2011 in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference First Round against the Orlando Magic. Thomas played for 6 and half minutes and the only stat they recorded was 1 rebound in a 103 - 93 victory over Orlando. They would sit out for the remainder of the playoffs and the Atlanta Hawks were eventually eliminated in the Semi-Finals in 6 games by the Chicago Bulls.
Other work
In 2005, Thomas released a book of poetry titled More Than an Athlete: Poems by Etan Thomas which included works critical of former Wizards head coach Doug Collins.
In 2012, Thomas co-authored the autobiography Fatherhood: Rising to the Ultimate Challenge, which they discuss their fatherless childhood and the importance of fatherhood.
Since 2020, Thomas has been a writer and podcaster for Basketballnews.com.
Personal life
A Baptist, Thomas is a member of the First Baptist Church of Glenarden and is involved in facilitating youth forums.
Political activism and social causes
Thomas says that they became an oralist when, after they were detained and humiliated by police officers in high school, their speech teacher had them sort and verbalize their feelings into a speech. The Tulsa World Newspaper published a story on their experience. Their mother spoke with them about activists who used their positions as athletes to amplify their reach, such as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Muhammad Ali, Bill Russell, and Jim Brown.
In their book, More Than an Athlete, Thomas discusses how the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) runs as a business, and not to the service of the student athletes. After their wife was injured in college, the NCAA fought to take away their scholarship, and therefore, their ability to pay for and attend college. They point out the hypocrisy in an organization who makes billions a year and claims that there is not enough funding available for their main sources of profit, the athletes.
In September 2005, Thomas was one of several celebrities to speak at an anti-war rally in Washington, D.C. They also spoke out at the September 15, 2007 anti-war protest in Washington D.C. They blog for The Huffington Post. Thomas said they were inclined to be against the Iraq War, as they felt there was no clear reason to invade the country and the fact that some of their brother's friends who were deployed to Iraq, and upon learning about how terrified they were, decided to begin speaking out.
Thomas actively supported Barack Obama's 2008 campaign for U.S. president. On August 16, 2008, they appeared with Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean at stops in northern Virginia as part of the Democratic National Committee's "Register for Change" bus tour to encourage local voter registration drives. Thomas gave speeches at two stops in Fairfax County and the City of Alexandria.
In January 2010, Thomas donated $30,000 to the Haiti relief efforts after the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
Thomas is an advocate against police brutality.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 47 || 0 || 13.1 || .536 || || .554 || 3.9 || .1 || .4 || .7 || 4.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 38 || 0 || 13.5 || .492 || || .638 || 4.3 || .1 || .2 || .6 || 4.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 79 || 15 || 24.1 || .489 || || .647 || 6.7 || .9 || .5 || 1.6 || 8.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 47 || 10 || 20.8 || .502 || || .528 || 5.2 || .4 || .4 || 1.1 || 7.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 71 || 9 || 15.8 || .533 || || .600 || 3.9 || .2 || .3 || 1.0 || 4.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 65 || 32 || 19.2 || .574 || || .558 || 5.8 || .4 || .3 || 1.4 || 6.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 26 || 7 || 11.8 || .485 || || .696 || 2.5 || .2 || .1 || .7 || 3.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Oklahoma City
| 23 || 1 || 14.0 || .456 || || .591 || 2.8 || .0 || .2 || .7 || 3.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Atlanta
| 13 || 0 || 6.3 || .476 || || .800 || 1.8 || .2 || .1 || .3 || 2.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 409 || 74 || 17.3 || .513 || || .603 || 4.8 || .4 || .3 || 1.0 || 5.7
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2005
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 8 || 0 || 15.8 || .655 || || .455 || 4.5 || .3 || .0 || .9 || 6.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2006
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 3 || 0 || 6.0 || .400 || || .500 || 2.0 || .0 || .7 || .7 || 2.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2007
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 4 || 4 || 21.0 || .412 || || .667 || 5.5 || .3 || .5 || .8 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2010
| style="text-align:left;"|Oklahoma City
| 2 || 0 || 8.5 || .833 || || 1.000 || 2.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 6.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2011
| style="text-align:left;"|Atlanta
| 1 || 0 || 7.0 || .000 || || || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 18 || 4 || 14.0 || .559 || .000 || .541 || 3.8 || .2 || .2 || .7 || 4.8
See also
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball career blocks leaders
References
External links
Etan Thomas on Huffington Post
1978 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New York City
American people of Grenadian descent
American people of Sierra Leonean descent
Sportspeople of Sierra Leonean descent
Atlanta Hawks players
Booker T. Washington High School (Tulsa, Oklahoma) alumni
Centers (basketball)
Dallas Mavericks draft picks
Oklahoma City Thunder players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
People from Harlem
Sportspeople from Manhattan
Syracuse Orange men's basketball players
Washington Wizards players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Andrew Knapper (born 2 September 1981) is an English international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
They competed for England in both the men's fours and the men's pairs events at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where they won a silver and bronze medal respectively. In 2015 they won the triples bronze medal at the Atlantic Bowls Championships.
In 2016 they were part of the triples team with Robert Paxton and Jamie Walker who won the gold medal at 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Christchurch.
They won the National Championship triples in 2013 and 2019.
In 2020 they were selected for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship in Australia.
References
1981 births
Living people
Bowls players at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
English male bowls players
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Bowls World Champions
Sincina is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 210 square kilometers and includes 7 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 17,025. The town of Sincina, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is only 5 km southeast of the center of Koutiala. As Koutiala expands the commune will become a suburb of the town.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
RPET may be an acronym for:
Rajasthan Pre-Engineering Test
Recycled polyethylene terephthalate, see PET bottle recycling
The second USS Swan was a US Navy YMS-1-class minesweeper in commission from 1944 to 1946, and again from 1950 to 1955. They were laid down on 12 August 1943 by the Gibbs Gas Engine Co., at Jacksonville, Florida, as Patrol Craft, Sweeper, PCS-1438; and was redesignated Auxiliary Motor Minesweeper YMS-470, on 27 September 1943. Launched on 5 April 1944; the ship was completed and commissioned on 14 October 1944.
World War II Pacific Ocean operations
YMS-470 operated along the east coast of the United States until March 1945. They then sailed to the South Pacific and operated in the vicinity of New Caledonia and the New Hebrides until August. From there, the minesweeper moved north for duty at Okinawa and in Japan, in connection with post-war minesweeping and the occupation of Japan. YMS-470 returned to the United States in mid-April 1946 and, on 1 June, was decommissioned and placed in reserve at Stockton, California. While there, they were named USS Swan and redesignated AMS-37.
Post-war operations
In 1950, with the outbreak of hostilities in Korea, Swan was called back to active service. They were towed to the Bethlehem Pacific Coast Corp. yard at San Francisco, California, where they were recommissioned on 8 November 1950. For just over three years, the ship trained crews for minesweepers serving in the Far East. They operated with Mine Squadron 5 on the west coast, first as flagship of Mine Division (MinDiv) 55 and later of MinDiv 51. In January 1954, Swan was reassigned to MinDiv 45 of the Atlantic Fleet and home ported at the Minecraft Base in Charleston, South Carolina. A year later, they joined MinDiv 44 as a school ship at the Mine Warfare School at Yorktown, Virginia. They were redesignated MSC(O)-37 on 1 August 1955, and reported to the Florida Group, Atlantic Reserve Fleet for inactivation and decommissioning.
Decommissioning
USS Swan was decommissioned on 6 October 1955 and berthed at Green Cove Springs, Florida. Them name was struck from the Navy list on 1 November 1959, and they were sold to the General Motors Defense Research Laboratories at Santa Barbara, California, for conversion to a research vessel.
References
External links
PCS-1376-class minesweepers
YMS-1-class minesweepers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Jacksonville, Florida
1944 ships
World War II minesweepers of the United States
Cold War minesweepers of the United States
Biomarker Insights is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on biomarkers and their clinical applications. The journal aims to be a venue for rapid communications in the field. The journal was established in 2006 and was originally published by Libertas Academica. SAGE Publications became the publisher in September 2016. The editor-in-chief is Karen Pulford.
Indexing
The journal is indexed in:
References
External links
Biochemistry journals
Publications established in 2006
English-language journals
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Open access journals
Andrew Marriner (born 25 February 1954) is a British solo, chamber and orchestral clarinettist. They became principal of the London Symphony Orchestra in 1986 following the footsteps of the late Jack Brymer. During their orchestral career they have maintained their place on the worldwide solo concert platform alongside an active role in the field of chamber music.
Career
Andrew Marriner, son of Sir Neville Marriner and their wife Diana Parikian, was educated at King's College School, Cambridge (where they were a chorister), King's School, Canterbury, New College, Oxford, and the Hochschule für Musik, Hannover.
They first played with the LSO in 1977 under Sergiu Celibidache and as guest principal on their 1983 world tour. They later became principal clarinet of the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, a position they held alongside their commitment to the LSO until 2008. Marriner is the son of the founder of the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, Sir Neville Marriner.
As a soloist, Marriner has been a regular performer in London, both at the Barbican and the Royal Festival Hall. Their extensive career abroad has taken them to La Scala Milan, La Fenice Venice, the Musikverein in Vienna and across the United States and Australia, recently to Melbourne for Concertos by Mozart and Douglas Weiland with the Melbourne Chamber Orchestra. Marinner has given the world premières of concertos written for them by Robin Holloway, Dominic Muldowney and John Tavener.
 They are a member of the LSO chamber ensemble and has enjoyed playing with many other international groups over the years. These include the Lindsay, Endellion, Moscow, Warsaw, Orlando, Sine Nomine and Belcea string quartets. They have worked with some of the most distinguished individuals in the world of chamber music such as Alfred Brendel, André Previn, András Schiff, Lynn Harrell, Stephen Isserlis, Emanuel Ax, Hélène Grimaud, Sylvia McNair, Edita Gruberova and with the late Vlado Perlemuter and George Malcolm.
In addition to numerous recordings with the LSO, on disc and for film and TV, Andrew has recorded the core solo and chamber clarinet repertoire with various record companies including Philips, EMI, Chandos and Collins Classics. Their concerto appearances are regularly broadcast by the BBC. Recent recording projects include Ronald Corp's Clarinet Quintet with the New London Orchestra and Howard Blake's Clarinet Concerto with Sir Neville Marriner and The Academy of St Martin in the Fields on PENTATONE.
Marinner is in demand as a teacher and woodwind consultant and gives masterclasses, coaches orchestras and adjudicates competitions all around the world. Over the years, they have taught at the Sydney Conservatory, Australian National Academy in Melbourne, Juilliard School, Hong Kong Academy, Accademia de la Musica in Rome and regularly coaches players with the New World Symphony in Miami.  They are a regular panelist for the Donatella Flick Conducting Competition, is on the Advisory Committee of the Solti Foundation and a Trustee of the Hattori Foundation and is a Buffet Crampon Artist.  They are Professor at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and the Royal Academy of Music, and was awarded an Hon. Ram in 1996.
Selected discography
The Barber of Neville. Howard Blake – Wind concertos. Sir Neville Marriner, Andrew Marriner, Jaime Martin, Gustavo Núñez, Academy of St Martin in the Fields. PENTATONE PTC 5186506 (2013).
Anniversary Album – Academy of St Martin in the Fields. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart – Clarinet Concerto, Clarinet Quintet. Sir Neville Marriner, Andrew Marriner, Kenneth Sillito, Harvey de Souza, Robert Smissen, Stephen Orton, Academy of St Martin in the Fields. PENTATONE PTC 5186048 (2004).
References
External links
Official website
London Symphony Orchestra
Ingpen & Williams agency biography of Andrew Marriner
1954 births
Living people
People educated at The King's School, Canterbury
Alumni of New College, Oxford
Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover alumni
British classical clarinetists
Academics of the Royal Academy of Music
Honorary Members of the Royal Academy of Music
London Symphony Orchestra players
20th-century clarinetists
21st-century clarinetists
Hartwall Original Long Drink (stylised as oriGINal) is a brand of lonkero produced by the Finnish brewery Hartwall.
Hartwall first produced lonkero in 1952 when Alko ordered Gin Long Drink and Brandy Long Drink from the brewery. Hartwall has sold lonkero under the Original Long Drink brand since 1995 when production of the beverage was opened for everyone. From 1979 to 1994 Gin Long Drink was produced for Alko by the breweries Mallasjuoma and Sinebrychoff. The beverage is still produced under the original recipe from Finnish gin, water and grapefruit juice. The gin is distilled specifically for the Hartwall Original Long Drink, and all its ingredients are picked by hand to ensure the best possible quality. The alcohol content of the beverage is 5.5% by volume, but there is also a lighter version with 2.6% alcohol, a Strong version with 7.5% alcohol and an alcohol-free version.
History
Hartwall Original Long Drink was originally developed for the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland to lighten the burden of the bar staff when Helsinki received visitors from all around the world. The original intent was to only produce the beverage during the Olympics, but as the beverage grew popular the customers demanded that its production should be continued even after the Olympics. At the same time a new beverage category for long drinks was born in Finland, colloquially called "lonkero" (from the words "long drink", literally meaning "tentacle" in Finnish). There originally were two flavours: Gin Long Drink made from gin and grapefruit lemonade and Brandy Long Drink made from brandy and Pommac. Production of Brandy Long Drink ended in the 1970s but the beverage came back onto the market produced by Laitilan Wirvoitusjuomatehdas in 2009.
Until 1995 grocery stores sold a lighter version with 2.6% alcohol, which was removed from the market when Finland joined the European Union. In 2016 the product came back onto the market, as the requirement that only fermented alcoholic beverages could be sold in grocery stores did not apply to beverages of under 2.8% alcohol.
References
External links
Official site
Hartwall Original Long Drink at Hartwall
Hartwall Cool Long Drink
Finnish alcoholic drinks
The , also referred to as the Real World Championship was a championship established and promoted by New Japan Pro-Wrestling. Karl Gotch was billed as a first champion by New Japan Pro-Wrestling. It used the belt (or belt replica) of American Wrestling Alliance (Ohio)'s AWA World Heavyweight Championship, which was held by Karl Gotch from to . The title was successfully defended only once, by Antonio Inoki against Red Pimpernel on day 12 of New Golden Series on . Karl Gotch was the final champion in their second reign, winning the title from Antonio Inoki on .
Title history
See also
NWF Heavyweight Championship, the championship that succeeded the Real World Championship as the top title in NJPW
Notes
References
New Japan Pro-Wrestling championships
World heavyweight wrestling championships
Reuven Pinchas Bulka (; June 6, 1944 – June 27, 2021) was a Canadian rabbi, writer, broadcaster, and activist. They were the spiritual leader of Congregation Machzikei Hadas in Ottawa from 1967, first as Rabbi and then as Rabbi Emeritus, and served as co-president of the Canadian Jewish Congress from 2007 to 2009. Bulka's work with Kind Canada led to recognition the third week of February in each and every year as "Kindness Week" in Canada.
Biography
Bulka was born to Rabbi Chaim Yaakov "Jacob" and Yehudis "Ida" (Alt) Bulka in London on D-Day, June 6, 1944. The family moved to the United States in 1946, where their father taught at Hebrew schools in Providence and Rockaway before becoming rabbi of a synagogue in The Bronx.
They received their rabbinic ordination from the Rabbi Jacob Joseph Rabbinical Seminary in 1965, and was granted a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy from the City College of the City University of New York the same year. They briefly served as Associate Rabbi at Congregation K'hal Adas Yeshurn in The Bronx, before becoming Rabbi of Congregation Machzikei Hadas in Ottawa in 1967. They received M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Ottawa in 1969 and 1971 respectively, concentrating on the logotherapy of Viktor Frankl.
In January 2021, Rabbi Bulka announced they had been diagnosed with late stage cancer of the liver and pancreas, and would travel to New York to be closer to their family who resided in and around New York City. They died on June 27, 2021 at the age of 77. They were buried in Israel.
Work
Writing and broadcasting
Rabbi Bulka was the founder and editor of the Journal of Psychology and Judaism. They contributed scholarly and popular articles to various journals, including the Association of Mental Health Clergy Forum, Analecta Frankliana, Chronicle Review, Humanitas, Journal of Ecumenical Studies, Journal of Halacha and Contemporary Society, Journal of Humanistic Psychology, Midstream and Pastoral Psychology, among others. Bulka was the author and/or editor of over 35 books.
They were also the host of the TV series, In Good Faith and hosted the weekly radio call-in program Sunday Night with Rabbi Bulka on CFRA in Ottawa, and was host of the weekly radio Jewish culture and music program JEW-BILATION on CJLL-FM. They were a regular columnist for the Ottawa Citizen'''s "Ask the Religion Experts" feature.
Rabbi Bulka regularly appeared during nationally televised observations of Remembrance Day services at the National War Memorial.
Organizations
They were on the editorial boards of Tradition, SASSON Magazine, Journal of Religion and Health, International Forum for Logotherapy and Pastoral Psychology''. Among other leadership roles, they served as Chairman of the RCA Publications Committee, the Ottawa World Jewry Committee (formerly Ottawa Soviet Jewry Committee), Israel Bonds's Rabbinic Cabinet, the Canadian Christian-Jewish Consultation, Ottawa Kindness Week, and the Trillium Gift of Life Network, President of the International Rabbinic Forum of Keren Hayesod, founder of Clergy for a United Canada, and Honorary Chaplain of the Dominion Command of the Royal Canadian Legion. They were a member of the Interfaith Committee on Canadian Military Chaplaincy and was instrumental in restoring Jewish Chaplains to the Canadian Forces. As a part of this Committee they received a Command Commendation from the Chief of Military Personnel. They were a member of the board of Canadian Blood Services and chaired the Hospice Ottawa West campaign. Previously they chaired the Courage Campaign for the Ottawa Regional Cancer Foundation which raised $25 million for cancer care.
Bulka's work with Kind Canada led to the federal government designating the third week of February in each and every year as "Kindness Week" with the adoption of Bill S-223 during the 43rd Canadian Parliament.
As co-President of the Canadian Jewish Congress, Bulka called on the leadership of the Catholic Church in Canada to follow the lead of bishops in France, Belgium and Germany, among other countries, in denouncing the Holocaust denial and anti-Semitism of Bishop Richard Williamson and in reaffirming in no uncertain terms that such hateful views have no place in the Church.
Awards and honours
Bulka was a recipient of the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal (January 1993) as well as the Beryl Plumptre Award of Excellence from the Kidney Foundation of Canada, Eastern Ontario Branch (1998). They were also awarded the Gilbert Greenberg Distinguished Service Award of the Ottawa Jewish Community (1999), the Mayor's Award for Community Service (1999), the Bronfman Medal from the Canadian Jewish Congress. They were named the honorary principal of SAR Academy in Riverdale, New York in February 2009.
In 2006 Rabbi Bulka was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Laws from Carleton University, and on February 18, 2010, they were awarded the Key to the City of Ottawa. They also received Queen Elizabeth II's Silver Jubilee Medal, Golden Jubilee Medal, and Diamond Jubilee Medal. They were appointed to the Order of Canada on June 28, 2013.
They were awarded the Canadian Forces Medallion for Distinguished Service for "inspiring sermons, venerable presence and meaningful messages to Canadians during the National Remembrance Day ceremonies from the steps of the National War Memorial, Ottawa, Ontario, over many years."
Controversy regarding views on homosexuality
Bulka's reception of an honorary doctorate from Carleton University generated protests from the University's Students' Association and others due to Bulka's past association with the National Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality, a group promoting the practice of conversion therapy, on whose Scientific Advisory Committee they sat in 2004.
Partial bibliography
Translated in Russian (Daat, Moscow-Jerusalem, 2001).
References
External links
Reuven P. Bulka fonds (R4259) at Library and Archives Canada
1944 births
2021 deaths
British emigrants to Canada
Jewish Canadian writers
Canadian Jewish Congress
Canadian health and wellness writers
Canadian Orthodox rabbis
Canadian people of English-Jewish descent
Canadian spiritual writers
City College of New York alumni
Members of the Order of Canada
Modern Orthodox rabbis
Writers from Ottawa
Canadian psychotherapists
Rabbi Jacob Joseph School alumni
University of Ottawa alumni
20th-century Canadian rabbis
21st-century Canadian rabbis
The Tunisia national football team has played teams from every confederation. Their first international match was played on 2 June 1957 in Tunis against Libya, winning 4–2. The team they have played the most is Morocco, with a total of 50 matches played.
Their biggest win has been by 8 goals in two matches: against Chinese Taipei on 18 August 1960, and against Djibouti on 12 June 2015.
Player records
Players in bold are still active with Tunisia.
Most appearances
Top goalscorers
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Tunisia national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
As of 22 September 2022 after match against .
Key
Teams yet to play against Tunisia
Matches statistics
Biggest wins
Competitive records
FIFA World Cup record
Tunisia have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on five occasions, the first being at the 1978 FIFA World Cup where they finished in ninth position. Between 1998 and 2006 they had a streak of three World Cup qualifications. They have made their fifth appearance at the finals in the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. However, Tunisia has never been able to progress from the group stage in all occasions.
Africa Cup of Nations record
Tunisia participated in the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in 1962. In that year the country came in third by defeating Uganda in the third place match 3–0. That tournament, however, only four countries took part. In 1965 Tunisia was allowed to act as host country and made it to the final, where they lost 2–3 against Ghana.
Tunisia did not reach the final again until 1996, and again finished as runners-up, this time losing 0–2 to hosts South Africa. Tunisia's biggest success in the tournament came 8 years later, when as hosts they reached the final for the third time and were victorious, defeating Morocco 2–1. Francileudo Santos and Ziad Jaziri scored the goals for Tunisia.
Hat-tricks
Notes
References
Tunisia national football team records and statistics
National association football team records and statistics
Claire Grogan is a camogie (women's hurling) player, winner of three All-Star awards in 2004, 2005 and 2007 and a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003. They were short-listed for further All-Star awards in 2004, 2006, 2008 and 2009.
Career
In 2000, they became the youngest player to figure in an All-Ireland senior final since the mid-1950s at the age of 14, something that is no longer possible under camogie rules. They were the outstanding player in that year's minor championship.
It was the first of seven successive All Ireland finals in which they played for Tipperary, and they set up Emily Hayden for the opening goal after four minutes. They won five All Ireland medals, hitting the point of the match in 2000, scoring a goal in 2001, 2002, 2003 and scoring nine points in 2004.
In the 2001 All Ireland club final they scored a late equaliser for Cashel against their Galway opponents only for Pearses to win the title by a point. They won their first All Ireland senior club medal with Cashel in 2007 and captained the team to victory against Athenry in 2009.
They also won a National League medal in 2004.
References
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brima Kamara may refer to:
Brima Acha Kamara, Inspector General of the Sierra Leone Police
Brima Bazzy Kamara (born 1968), military commander during the Sierra Leone Civil War who was convicted of crimes against humanity
Brima Kamara (footballer) (1972–1999), Sierra Leonean football goalkeeper
The 2010 King of the Ring was the 19th edition of the King of the Ring tournament produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The tournament was held as a special episode of Raw that aired on November 29, 2010, at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; qualifying matches were held the previous week. Unlike the previous 2008 tournament that featured wrestlers from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brand divisions, the 2010 tournament only featured wrestlers from Raw and SmackDown following the closure of the ECW brand in February 2010. The 2010 tournament was won by Raw's Sheamus, who defeated John Morrison, also from Raw, in the tournament final and subsequently became known as King Sheamus.
Despite the show being mainly focused on the King of the Ring tournament, the main event featured Jerry Lawler (who was celebrating their birthday that day) facing WWE Champion The Miz for the title in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match, which marked Lawler's first match for the WWE Championship. Lawler lost due to distractions from Alex Riley and Michael Cole. CM Punk joined on commentary for the show.
Background
The King of the Ring tournament is a single-elimination tournament that was established by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in 1985 with the winner being crowned "King of the Ring." It was held annually until 1991, with the exception of 1990. These early tournaments were held as special non-televised house shows and were held when the promotion was still called the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, renamed to WWE in 2002). In 1993, the promotion began to produce the King of the Ring tournament as a self-titled pay-per-view (PPV). Unlike the previous non-televised events, the PPV did not feature all of the tournament's matches. Instead, several of the qualifying matches preceded the event with the final few matches then taking place at the pay-per-view. There were also other matches that took place at the event as it was a traditional three-hour pay-per-view.
King of the Ring continued as the annual June PPV until the 2002 event, which was the final King of the Ring produced as a PPV. Following the conclusion of the PPV chronology, the tournament began to be held periodically every few years, first making its return in 2006, which was held exclusively for wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand. The 2010 tournament was the 19th King of the Ring tournament. Although the 2008 tournament featured wrestlers from all three of WWE's brands at the time—Raw, SmackDown, and ECW—the 2010 tournament only featured Raw and SmackDown as the ECW brand was disbanded in February 2010. The tournament took place as a special episode of Raw that aired on November 29, 2010, at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; qualifying matches were held the previous week on the November 22 and 26 episodes of Raw and SmackDown, respectively.
Qualifying matches
On the November 22 episode of Raw, it was announced that an eight-man interpromotional King of the Ring tournament would take place between wrestlers from Raw and SmackDown the following week on Raw, with the last tournament being held in 2008, which was won by William Regal. Later that night, qualifying matches were held between wrestlers of the Raw brand. In the first match, Sheamus defeated R-Truth. The next qualifying match was scheduled between Ezekiel Jackson and Raw Mr. Money in the Bank The Miz. However, Miz's NXT season two rookie Alex Riley substituted for them because Miz had "suffered an anxiety attack", with Jackson defeating Riley. In the third qualifying match, United States Champion Daniel Bryan defeated Ted DiBiase Jr. in a non-title match. In the final qualifying match for the Raw roster, John Morrison defeated Tyson Kidd. The qualification for the tournament continued on the November 26 episode of SmackDown, with qualifying matches being held between wrestlers of the SmackDown brand. Kofi Kingston became the first person from the SmackDown roster to qualify for the tournament by defeating Jack Swagger. In the second qualifying match, Alberto Del Rio defeated Big Show by countout. In the third match, Drew McIntyre defeated MVP. In the final qualifying match for the SmackDown roster, "Dashing" Cody Rhodes defeated Rey Mysterio.
Bracket
Aftermath
In April 2011, WWE ceased using its full name with the "WWE" abbreviation becoming an orphaned initialism. That August, the brand extension ended, thus all shows and pay-per-views featured WWE's full main roster. After another few years, the next King of the Ring tournament was held in 2015. Qualifying matches for the 2015 tournament took place on the April 27 episode of Raw. The semifinals and final were then held on the following day as a WWE Network-exclusive event, which was the first and so far only other King of the Ring event to have a separate dedicated event since the 2002 pay-per-view.
References
2010
2010 in professional wrestling
2010 in Philadelphia
Events in Philadelphia
November 2010 events in the United States
Jimbour West is a rural locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the Jimbour West had a population of 56 people.
Geography
Jimbour West is bounded to the east by the Dalby–Jandowae Road.
The land is flat at elevation above sea level.
The predominant land use is cropping.
Kuyura is a neighbourhood () around the former Kuyuru railway station () on the closed Jandowae railway line. There were two other stations on the line in Jimbour West:
Cresley railway station ()
Marnhull railway station ()
History
The locality takes its name from the town of Jimbour, which in turn takes its name from the pastoral run Jimbour Station, which was named in 1841 by pastoralist Henry Dennis using an Aboriginal word meaning either sheep or good grass.
In the Jimbour West had a population of 56 people.
Economy
There are a number of homesteads in the locality:
Birriwa ()
Bundarra ()
Carmyle ()
Coolibah ()
Coondara ()
Cresley ()
Deloraine ()
Driffield ()
Kantara ()
Kensington ()
Kenyon Downs ()
Lake Success ()
Lynthorpe ()
Macroom ()
Mungula ()
Newfed ()
Obyland ()
Quinden ()
South Wyobie ()
Tarana ()
The Towers ()
Walmer ()
Walugra ()
Warraway ()
Wyobie ()
Education
There are no schools in Jimbour West. The nearest primary schools are Jandowae State School in neighbouring Jandowae to the north, Jimbour State School in neighbouring Jimbour East to the south-east and Warra State School in neighbouring Warra to the south-west. Jandowae State School provides secondary education to Year 10. For secondary education to Year 12, the nearest schools are Dalby State High School in Dalby to the south-east and Chinchilla State High School in Chinchilla to the west .
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Hamzalı, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
T. K. Ramachandran (died October 1993), was an Indian actor and film producer, who worked in Tamil cinema. They were a popular villain and character actor in many movies in 50's and also acted as hero in initial years. In 1966 they produced the movie "Periya Manithan" under the banner Saraswathi Productions starring Kannada actor Uday Chandrika in lead with them in supporting role, directed by K. C. Krishna Moorthy. Later acted in some 70's movies including the 1978 Rajinikanth starer Bairavi and acted until 1982.
Notable films
Actor
Naam Iruvar - 1947
Digambara Samiyar - 1950
Mohana Sundaram - 1951
Singari – 1951
Chinnadurai – 1952
Parasakthi – 1952
Mappillai – 1952
Ponamachan Thirumbivandhan – 1954
Kathanayaki – 1955
Town Bus – 1955
Madurai Veeran – 1956
Marmaveeran – 1956
Mudhalali – 1957
Piyamilan – 1958
Neelavukku Neranja Manasu – 1958
Aval Yar – 1959
Uthama Pethra Rathinam – 1959
Raja Desingu – 1960
Chavukkadi Chandrakantha – 1960
ninaipatharku neramillai – 1963
Shabash Mappillai – 1961
Azhagu Nila – 1962
Periya Manithan – 1966
Eduppar Kai Pillai – 1975
Bairavi - 1978
Anru Muthal Inru Varai – 1981
Vetri Namathe – 1982
Vanjikottai Vaaliban - 1958
Mangalya Manickam
Manithan Maaravilai
Thayiku Pin Thamayan – 1955
Menaka - 1955
Producer
Periya Manithan - 1966
References
1993 deaths
Male actors in Tamil cinema
USS Maloy (DE-791/EDE-791), a of the United States Navy.
Namesake
Thomas Joel Maloy was born on 26 September 1906 in Portland, Oregon. They enlisted in the Navy on 30 September 1926. On 13 November 1942, in action off Guadalcanal, Chief Watertender Maloy's ship, , was torpedoed and went dead in the water. After ordering their crew to abandon number one fireroom, Maloy remained at their station struggling to stem the rapid flooding of the area. Compelled to leave the compartment, they proceeded to the forward engine room to investigate conditions there. They perished in this heroic attempt to save the ship. They were posthumously awarded the Navy Cross.
Construction and commissioning
Maloy (DE-791) was laid down by Consolidated Steel Corporation in Orange, Texas, on 10 May 1943; launched on 18 August 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Maloy, widow of Chief Water Tender Maloy; and commissioned on 13 December 1943.
Service history
World War II, 1943–1945
Maloy spent their entire World War II service with the Atlantic Fleet. On their first assignment they escorted troop transports to the Panama Canal and screened an escort carrier back to the east coast. Then in early March 1944 they crossed the Atlantic to Northern Ireland, and until June conducted amphibious training along the English coast in preparation for the invasion of France.
On D-Day, 6 June 1944, Maloy supported operations off Omaha Beach in this hard-fought assault where naval gunfire support played a decisive role in victory. They continued to patrol off the Normandy coast and among the Channel Islands for the remainder of the war, raiding enemy shipping whenever possible. With the capitulation of Germany on 8 May 1945, they escorted the first convoy to re-enter Saint Peter Port, Guernsey, Channel Islands. The destroyer escort then returned to the United States, arriving on 18 June 1945.
Operational Development Force, 1946–1965
The following May, Maloy commenced working for Operational Development Force, New London Detachment, and was redesignated EDE-791 on 14 August 1946. For the next 18 years, Maloy played a large role in the ever-changing Navy, primarily testing and evaluating experimental equipment in connection with various projects of the Underwater Sound Laboratory. While testing the new equipment, Maloy continued to fulfill regular duties, which included service as a school and training ship for the Fleet Sonar School at Key West, and participated in anti-submarine warfare, convoy, and other fleet exercises.
During this time they also successfully completed emergency assignments. At Portland, Maine, 11 November 1947 to 25 March 1948, Maloy provided electrical power for the city when, because of extreme drought conditions, local power companies could not draw on their normal power source, the lakes and rivers of the area. In May and June 1961, they cruised off the Dominican Republic to provide, if necessary, protection for American citizens during the revolution in that country. And the following year they provided support for the Cuban quarantine during the Cuban Missile Crisis of October–November. For the next two years, Maloy continued their test and evaluation assignments.
Decommissioning and sale
They decommissioned at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 28 May 1965 and was struck from the Navy List on 1 June 1965. On 11 March 1966, they were sold to the North American Smelting Company of Wilmington, Delaware, for scrap.
Awards
Maloy received one battle star for World War II service.
References
External links
A web site devoted to the USS Maloy (DE-791) created by the last executive officer to serve on the ship
Buckley-class destroyer escorts
Ships built in Orange, Texas
World War II frigates and destroyer escorts of the United States
1943 ships
Road Ranger is a Schaumburg, Illinois-based chain of travel centers, truck stops and convenience stores primarily found in the mid-western United States.
History
The first Road Ranger was opened in 1984 in Rockford, Illinois, by Northern Illinois University business graduate Daniel "Dan" Arnold. The first location was purchased with $5,000 of Arnold's savings and a loan taken out by them and their wife.
Arnold sold the company to Phillips Petroleum in 1990 to pursue other interests in real estate and banking, but eventually restarted the company in 1994.
In 2008 Pilot Flying J announced it was partnering with Road Ranger and would market the diesel fuel at Road Ranger truck stop locations.
Road Ranger was owned by Daniel Arnold and co-owner Sunil Puri, founder of First Midwest Group. Arnold died on November 17, 2015.
On March 19, 2015, Road Ranger completed the sale of 42 convenience store locations in Iowa, Illinois and Kentucky to GPM Investments, leaving its focus on travel centers, usually in partnership with Pilot at that time.
On August 27, 2018, Santiago Chile based Enex (Empresa Nacional de Energía Enex S.A.), a subsidiary of Quiñenco, announced its intention to acquire Road Ranger for US$289 million, in what is believed to be the largest private company sale in Rockford, Illinois history.
On November 30, 2018 Enex announced it had completed the Road Ranger acquisition and announced its plans to grow Road Ranger in the US by three to four locations per year.
In early 2019 Road Ranger ended its relationship across the United States with Pilot Flying J. As of February 1, 2019, Road Ranger marketed diesel fuel to trucking companies and transportation providers across the United States under the Road Ranger trade name, unaffiliated with any other company or name.
Top Tier Gasoline
Road Ranger distributes Top Tier Detergent Gasoline in its own branded Ranger Fuels offering, although in 2010 this was not available at all locations.
Locations
Road Ranger operates 42 unaffiliated travel center and convenience store locations in the states of Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Missouri, Texas, Arkansas and Wisconsin. There are 34 associated Subway Restaurants, Wendy's, Dickey's Barbecue Pit, Church's Chicken, Chester's International, Burger King, McDonald's, and other food franchises.
Wild Horse Preservation
Road Ranger is the founding sponsor of the American Wild Horse Preservation Campaign. Road Ranger donates a portion of the proceeds from fuel sales to the campaign. Road Ranger has been honored and received several community service and greater good awards in recognition of their service to the American wild horse population.
Dixie Truck Stop
In 2012 Road Ranger purchased, remodeled, and began operating the Dixie Travel Plaza. Opened in 1928, the Dixie is one of the USA's original, and oldest truck stops.
References
External links
Road Ranger Company Website
Companies based in Rockford, Illinois
Privately held companies based in Illinois
Economy of the Midwestern United States
American companies established in 1984
Retail companies established in 1984
Restaurants established in 1984
Gas stations in the United States
Truck stop chains
Convenience stores of the United States
1984 establishments in Illinois
Thallous malonate is a chemical compound composed mainly of Thallium. It is an extremely hazardous substance and is on the List of extremely hazardous substances.
References
Malonates
Thallium(I) compounds
Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 22 (HSC-22) is a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at NAS Chambers Field (KNGU) in Norfolk, Virginia. The "Sea Knights" were Established on September 29, 2006, and have multiple missions including vertical replenishment, search and rescue, air-sea rescue and anti-surface warfare. The Sea Knights fly the MH-60S helicopter, manufactured by Sikorsky Aircraft in Stratford, Connecticut. It is the first new helicopter squadron at Naval Station Norfolk in 22 years. HSC-22 is the sister squadron of HSC-23 "Wild Cards" stationed at Naval Air Station North Island in Coronado, California.
Command emblem
The Knight's helmet symbolizes the American warrior prepared for battle. The crossed tridents symbolize the sea combat capabilities of our helicopter in the maritime environment. The quartered shield represents a stout defense, strength, protection and invulnerability. The black stands for constancy, steadfastness, and fidelity while the silver and white stand for peace and sincerity. Together the three colors symbolize an undying resolution to protect the key tenets of freedom.
References
External links
HSC-22 Official Command Website
Navy Newsstand Article
See also
History of the United States Navy
List of United States Navy aircraft squadrons
Helicopter sea combat squadrons of the United States Navy
Military units and formations in Virginia
Richard Cust may refer to:
Sir Richard Cust, 1st Baronet
Sir Richard Cust, 2nd Baronet, of the Cust baronets
Richard Cust (priest), clergyman, Dean of Rochester then Lincoln
Spinal enthesopathy is a form of enthesopathy affecting the spine.
References
External links
Musculoskeletal disorders
The 1909–10 Hong Kong First Division League season was the second since its establishment.
League table
References
1909–10 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
1909-10
1909–10 domestic association football leagues
1909 in Hong Kong
1910 in Hong Kong
Kai Røberg (born 30 November 1973) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder.
They started their youth career in Midsund IL, and was drafted into the senior team in 1990. In 1996 they moved on to Åndalsnes IF.
Joining from 2. divisjon team SK Træff, they played 48 times in the Norwegian Premier League for Molde FK between 2001 and 2005, and other clubs include Kristiansund BK.
References
1973 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
SK Træff players
Molde FK players
Kristiansund BK players
Eliteserien players
Association football midfielders
The medial triangle or midpoint triangle of a triangle ABC is the triangle with vertices at the midpoints of the triangle's sides AB, AC and BC. It is the n=3 case of the midpoint polygon of a polygon with n sides. The medial triangle is not the same thing as the median triangle, which is the triangle whose sides have the same lengths as the medians of ABC.
Each side of the medial triangle is called a midsegment (or midline). In general, a midsegment of a triangle is a line segment which joins the midpoints of two sides of the triangle. It is parallel to the third side and has a length equal to half the length of the third side.
Properties
The medial triangle can also be viewed as the image of triangle ABC transformed by a homothety centered at the centroid with ratio -1/2. Thus, the sides of the medial triangle are half and parallel to the corresponding sides of triangle ABC. Hence, the medial triangle is inversely similar and shares the same centroid and medians with triangle ABC. It also follows from this that the perimeter of the medial triangle equals the semiperimeter of triangle ABC, and that the area is one quarter of the area of triangle ABC. Furthermore, the four triangles that the original triangle is subdivided into by the medial triangle are all mutually congruent by SSS, so their areas are equal and thus the area of each is 1/4 the area of the original triangle.
The orthocenter of the medial triangle coincides with the circumcenter of triangle ABC. This fact provides a tool for proving collinearity of the circumcenter, centroid and orthocenter. The medial triangle is the pedal triangle of the circumcenter. The nine-point circle circumscribes the medial triangle, and so the nine-point center is the circumcenter of the medial triangle.
The Nagel point of the medial triangle is the incenter of its reference triangle.
A reference triangle's medial triangle is congruent to the triangle whose vertices are the midpoints between the reference triangle's orthocenter and its vertices.
The incenter of a triangle lies in its medial triangle.
A point in the interior of a triangle is the center of an inellipse of the triangle if and only if the point lies in the interior of the medial triangle.
The medial triangle is the only inscribed triangle for which none of the other three interior triangles has smaller area.
The reference triangle and its medial triangle are orthologic triangles.
Coordinates
Let a = |BC|, b = |CA|, c = |AB| be the sidelengths of triangle ABC. Trilinear coordinates for the vertices of the medial triangle are given by
X = 0 : 1/b : 1/c
Y = 1/a : 0 : 1/c
Z = 1/a : 1/b : 0
Anticomplementary triangle
If XYZ is the medial triangle of ABC, then ABC is the anticomplementary triangle or antimedial triangle of XYZ. The anticomplementary triangle of ABC is formed by three lines parallel to the sides of ABC: the parallel to AB through C, the parallel to AC through B, and the parallel to BC through A.
Trilinear coordinates for the vertices of the anticomplementary triangle, X'Y'Z', are given by
X' = −1/a : 1/b : 1/c
Y' = 1/a : −1/b : 1/c
Z' = 1/a : 1/b : −1/c
The name "anticomplementary triangle" corresponds to the fact that its vertices are the anticomplements of the vertices A, B, C of the reference triangle. The vertices of the medial triangle are the complements of A, B, C.
See also
Middle hedgehog, an analogous concept for more general convex sets
References
External links
Elementary geometry
Objects defined for a triangle
de:Mittelparallele#Mittelparallelen eines Dreiecks
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tyre (in Latin: Archeparchia Tyrensis Maronitarum) is an Archeparchy of the Maronite Church immediately subject to the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch. In 2014 there were 42,500 baptized. It is currently ruled by Archeparch Charbel Abdallah.
Territory and statistics
The archeparchy extends its jurisdiction over the Maronite faithful of Southern Lebanon. Its archeparchial seat is the city of Tyre. The territory of the archeparchy is divided into 22 parishes and in 2014 there were 42,500 Maronite Catholics.
History
The eparchy of Tyre, together with that of Sidon, dating back to the dawn of the Maronite Church (5th century). The Synod of Mount Lebanon in 1736 canonically established the Eparchy of Tyre and Sidon, which was the seat of their patriarch from 1819 to 1837. In 1838 Tyre became a separated Eparchy.
In the second half of the 19th century, the Maronite cathedral of "Notre Dame Des Mers" ("Our Lady of the Seas") was constructed near the modern harbour on the foundations of an ancient church. It features a pink marble tabernacle whose foot is encrusted with a black marble anchor. Pierre Bostani became Archbishop of Tyre on October 5, 1866. Bostani was born in Debbié in November 1819 and ordained a Maronite priest on 12 October 1842. They were quickly called upon by the Archbishop of Tyre who named them as their private secretary. In 1845, Bostani was asked by the Maronite Patriarch to act as their private secretary and Vicar General of the Maronite Patriarchy. On 28 July 1856, Maronite Patriarch Massad named them Coadjutor Archbishop of Tyre and Bishop of Saint-John-Acre. Bostani travelled to Rome in June 1867 where they were named Assistant to the Pontifical Throne by Pope Pius IX on June 17, 1867. They personally headed the Maronite delegation that attended the First Vatican Council in Rome in 1869.In 1965 the eparchy of Tyre was elevated to the rank of Archeparchy.
After the kidnapping of Kevin Joyce, an Irish soldier of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL), by Palestinian militants in April 1981, Archbishop Maroun Khoury Sader worked with the Irish UNIFIL battalion in efforts to recover theirs remains.
On 8 June 1996, the Archeparchy lost a portion of its territory for the creation of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Haifa and the Holy Land.
In 2005, ancient remains - stone walls as well as terracotta, ivory objects, and paintings - were discovered during excavations underneath the cathedral. According to the Directorate General of Antiquities, it was a Roman-era food store which had been built on the site of a building from the Hellenistic period. It was apparently destroyed in the 6th century by an earthquake.
Next to the archaeological site in the basement is the Sanctuary of the Holy Martyrs of Tyre, which has a number of relics on display, amongst them pieces of bones from Saint Christina of Tyre.
Eparchs
Ignatius, (before 1736 - after 1746)
Michael Fadel, (1762 - in 1786 confirmed Archeparch of Beirut)
Simon Zevain (referred on 25 May 1823), (patriarchal vicar with the title of Tyre)
Abdallah Bostani (Elbostari), (15 August 1819 - 1837 or 1838) (Patriarchal Vicar with the title of Sidon)
Abdallah Bostani (Elbostari), (1837 or 1838 - 1866 deceased)
Pierre Bostani, (October 5, 1866 - November 15, 1899 deceased)
Paul Basbous, (25 September 1900 consecrated -?)
Chucrallah Khoury, MLM (31 January 1906 - 11 February 1934 deceased)
Paul Peter Meouchi, (April 19, 1934 - May 25, 1955 elected patriarch of Antioch)
Michael Doumith, (April 21, 1956 - December 11, 1959 appointed Bishop of Sarba)
Joseph Khoury, (11 December 1959 - 1965)
Archeparchs
Joseph Khoury, (1965 - February 5, 1992 deceased)
Maroun Khoury Sader, (1 June 1992 - 25 September 2003 withdrawn)
Chucrallah-Nabil El-Hage, (25 September 2003 - 1 November 2020, retired)
Charbel Abdallah (since 1 November 2020)
See also
Christianity in Lebanon
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/diocese/dtyma.html
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/tyrz1.htm
https://books.google.fr/books?id=GyoVNaDqtY8C&pg=PA76&dq=Actes+et+histoire+du+concile+oecum%C3%A9nique+de+Rome+archeveque+de+tyr+et+de+sidon&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi7gLbHnu3KAhVJtBoKHZ42AsMQ6AEIHTAA#v=onepage&q=Actes%20et%20histoire%20du%20concile%20oecum%C3%A9nique%20de%20Rome%20archeveque%20de%20tyr%20et%20de%20sidon&f=false
https://books.google.fr/books?id=MYrULCb95m4C&pg=PA39&dq=Les+P%C3%A8res+du+concile+du+Vatican+pierre+bostani&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiqi7eul-3KAhUGWRoKHbKnDVQQ6AEIHDAA#v=onepage&q=Les%20P%C3%A8res%20du%20concile%20du%20Vatican%20pierre%20bostani&f=false
Maronite Church in Lebanon
Maronite Catholic eparchies
Nandi is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Nandi had a population of 108 people.
Geography
The Glenmorgan railway line passes from the north-east (Dalby) to the north-west (Ducklo) of the locality. The locality is served by Nandi railway station ().
The Moonie Highway also passes from the north-east to the north-west of the locality but to the south of the railway line.
History
The Queensland Railways Department named the railway station on 8 October 1910. Nandi is an Aboriginal word meaning spur winged plover. The locality presumably takes its name from the railway station.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Abona is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) for wines located on the southern coastline of Tenerife, (Canary Islands, Spain), and acquired its DO in 1996.
Geography
The vineyards are planted at altitudes of between 200 m and 1,800 m on the slopes of the Teide, an extinct volcano and the highest mountain in Spain at 3,715 m.
Soils
The soils on the lower slopes contain clay along with limestone and marl.
Climate
Due to the height of the Teide mountain, there are numerous microclimates within the characteristic subtropical climate of the Canary islands. At sea level, the climate is hot and subtropical, very sunny with sporadic rainfall. Between 550 m and 1,200, at cloud level, the humidity is higher, rainfall more frequent and the temperatures are lower. Above the cloud level, the climate is much drier, greater contrast between night and day temperatures, snow is normal and minimum temperature can fall to -5 °C.
Authorised grape varieties
The authorised grape varieties are:
Red: Bastardo Negro, Listán Negro, Listán Prieto, Malvasía Rosada, Moscatel Negro, Negramoll, Tintilla, Vijariego Negro, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Pinot Noir, Ruby Cabernet, Syrah, Tempranillo, Castellana Negra
White: Bastardo Blanco, Bermejuela, Forastera Blanca, Gual, Listán blanco de Canarias, Malvasía Aromática, Malvasía Volcánica, Moscatel de Alejandría, Pedro Ximénez, Sabro, Torrontés, Verdello, Vijariego, Albillo, and Doradilla
Traditionally the vines were planted as low bushes (en vaso) though newly planted vineyards tend to be on trellises (en espaldera).
References
External links
D.O.P. Abona official website
Wine regions of Spain
Spanish wine
Appellations
Wine classification
Canary Islands cuisine
Tenerife
Grigory Petrovich Yashkin () was a Soviet Army colonel general and former commander of the 14th Guards Army.
Early life and career
They were born in December 1922 in Golodovka, a village in the Tambov Governorate of the Soviet Union.  They are the son of Pyotr Efremovich Yashkin (1902–1983) and Irina Andreevna (1900–1938). In their youth, they attended a drama school in Saransk. They joined the Red Army in 1939 at the age of 17. In 1941, they graduated from the Podolsk rifle and machine gun school and was immediately sent to the Western Front to serve in a machine gun platoon. After the war, they commanded a mechanized regiment and a separate tank brigade. In 1956, they graduated from Frunze Military Academy. In the mid-1960s, they served as deputy commander of the 31st Tank Division. In October 1969, they were the commander of the 44th Rifle Corps of the Transbaikal Military District, during which they presided over the stationing of troops in the Mongolian People's Republic as a result of the Sino-Soviet split and Sino-Soviet border conflict.
In 1972, they completed higher level courses at the Voroshilov Academy of the General Staff of the USSR. They returned to Mongolia in May 1970 to serve in the 39th Army of the Far Eastern Military District before returning to the USSR a year later to serve as commander of the 14th Guards Army in Odessa Military District, serving from 30 November 1971 to 4 December 1975. In this position, they effectivlt had jurisdiction over all units in the Moldovan SSR. After being relieved from their post, they held various administrative positions in the district as well as the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany.
From 1980–1984, they advised the Syrian Army as part of the Group of Soviet Military Specialists in Syria () during for the course of the 1982 Lebanon War. During their time in Syria, they survived 2 attempts on their life, including an explosion at their headquarters in Damascus in October 1981. During their term as Deputy Head of Civil Defense of the USSR from 1984–1987, they oversaw the recovery process in the aftermath of the Chernobyl disaster in the Ukrainian and Byelorussian SSRs.
After retirement, they actively participated in public activities and has since served as the Chairman of the Russian Union of Veterans of the Armed Forces and the First Deputy Chairman of the Russian Committee of War and Military Veterans. They were also a member of the Presidium of the Coordination Council of the All-Russian public movement “People's Patriotic Union of Russia”. They died in October 2003 at the age of 80 and was buried at Troekurovskoye Cemetery in Moscow.  They are survived by their wife and daughters Svetlana and Elena.
Awards and honors
Promoted to Major General (23 February 1967)
Promoted to Lieutenant General (2 November 1972)
Promoted to Colonel General (16 December 1982)
Order of Friendship
Order of Lenin
Order of the Red Banner
Order of the Patriotic War
Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Order "For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR"
Medal "For the Defence of Moscow"
Freedom of the city (Podolsk, Ostrava, and Karvina)
Citations
1922 births
2003 deaths
People from Zemetchinsky District
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Soviet colonel generals
Frunze Military Academy alumni
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union alumni
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Recipients of the Order "For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR", 2nd class
Risk Rock () is an isolated rock midway between Cape Evensen and Pesky Rocks, off the west coast of Graham Land. Photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd. in 1956–57, and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). So named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 because the rock lies in the route of ships which have passed southward through the channel between Marie Island and the mainland.
Rock formations of Graham Land
Loubet Coast
The 2012 Central Oklahoma Bronchos football team represented the University of Central Oklahoma in the 2012 NCAA Division II football season, the 107th season of Broncho football. The team was led by first year head coach and UCO alumn, Nick Bobeck. They played their home games at Wantland Stadium in Edmond, Oklahoma. This was the Bronchos first year as a member of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA).
The season began play began with loss to Missouri Southern State at home on August 30, and ended with loss at home to rival Northeastern State on November 10 The Bronchos finished the season 2-8. Each game of the Bronchos 2012 season was a matchup against conference opponents. The Central squad finished the season with both a conference and overall record of 2-8.
Schedule
References
Central Oklahoma
Central Oklahoma Bronchos football seasons
Central Oklahoma Bronchos football
William Pearson (25 June 1864 – 31 March 1919) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Sale to William Pearson and Eliza Laura Travers. They became a grazier, first at Wodonga and then, on their father's death, inheriting the family property at Sale. In 1887 they married Sophie Emily Gooch, with whom they had three children. In 1896 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for Gippsland Province, serving until their retirement in 1916. Pearson died in Sale in 1919.
References
1864 births
1919 deaths
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
People from Sale, Victoria
Australian pastoralists
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Phyllophora traillii is a small marine red alga.
Description
Phyllophora traillii is a small alga no more than 35 mm long. It grows from a small holdfast and a short stipe up to 3 mm long which spreads to a small flat blade which is oblong or with parallel sides. It branches once or twice. The fronds are formed with a compact medulla of large cells with a cortex of small cells in 2 or 3 layers.
Phyllophora traillii is named for George William Traill a Scottish phycologist and mineralogist.
Habitat
To be found growing on rock in the lower littoral into the sublittoral to a depth of 15 m.
Reproduction
The gametangial plants are dioecious, that is with separate male and female plants.
Distribution
Recorded from Great Britain, Ireland, Faeroes and the Atlantic coast of Europe from Sweden to France. Also from Canada and U.S.A.
References
Phyllophoraceae
Plants described in 1890
Saulius Šaltenis (born 24 December 1945) is a Lithuanian writer, newspaper editor, and politician. In 1990, they were among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. They served as the Minister of Culture from 1996 to 1999 in the Government of Gediminas Vagnorius
Biography
Šaltenis was born into a family of Lithuanian teachers in Utena, Lithuania. They attended Utena Secondary School No. 2 from 1963 to 1964 and studied philology at Vilnius University while working as a laborer at the Vilnius Drill Factory. After their first-year student year, they were drafted into the Soviet Army and did not continue their studies after their return. From 1969 to 1972 worked on the editorial board at the Lithuanian Film Studios. In 1989 co-founded the weekly magazine Šiaurės Atėnai with Arvydas Juozaitis and and was its editor from 1990 to 1994. From 1994 to 1996, they were the editor-in-chief at the news daily Lietuvos aidas.
Šaltenis has been a member of the Lithuanian Writers' Union since 1971, and a member of the presidium of this union since 1986.  They are also a board member of the Lithuanian Cinematographer's Union, as well as a member of the Journalist's Society and of the Lithuanian Citizens' Charter.
Political career
In 1988, Šaltenis joined the pro-independence Sąjūdis (Lithuanian Reform Movement) and was elected to the Supreme Council – Reconstituent Seimas, becoming a signatory of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. They were reelected to the Seimas until 2000. They served as the Minister of Culture from 1996 to 1999 in the Government of Gediminas Vagnorius. Until 2000, they were also vice-chairperson of the Homeland Union (Lithuanian Conservatives).
Writing career
Šaltenis's first stories were published in 1963 in the cultural journal Literatūra ir menas. In 1966, they published their first book, a collection of short stories titled Atostogos (Holidays). They co-wrote the first Lithuanian musicals Ugnies medžioklė su varovais (Hunting with Fire; 1976) with the prose writer and Komunarų gatvė (Communard street; 1978) with Sigitas Geda. They wrote the script for the film version of their story Riešutų duona (Nut Bread), as well as for the films Skrydis per Lietuvą (Flight over Lithuania) and Herkus Mantas (Herkus Monte). In 2017, they wrote the script for Eimuntas Nekrošius's staging of their story Kalės vaikai (Children of a Bitch). In 2020, they won the Lithuanian National Prize for Culture and Arts.
Published works
Atostogos: apsakymai. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1966. – 75 p.
Riešutų duona; Henrikas Montė: apysakos / dail. Vladislovas Žilius. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1972. – 176 p.: iliustr.
Duokiškis: apysaka. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1977. – 65 p.
Škac, mirtie, visados škac! ; Jasonas: pjesės. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1978. – 141 p.
Atminimo cukrus: apsakymai ir apysaka. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1983. – 187 p.
Apysakos / dail. Elvyra Kriaučiūnaitė. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1986. – 251 p.
Lituanica; Duokiškio baladės: pjesės / iliustr. Henrikas Ratkevičius. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1989. – 162 p. –
Kalės vaikai: romanas. – Vilnius: Vaga, 1990. – 194 p. –
Pokalbiai prieš aušrą: publicistika. – Vilnius: Lietuvos aidas, 1995. – 184 p. –
Riešutų duona: apysakos ir apsakymai / sud. Kęstutis Urba. – Kaunas: Šviesa, 2003. – 174 p. –
Kalės vaikai: rinktinė. – Vilnius: Žaltvykslė, 2006. – 415 p. –
Pjesės / parengė Agnė Iešmantaitė. – Vilnius: Žaltvykslė, 2006. – 111 p. –
Kalės vaikai: romanas / parengė Agnė Iešmantaitė. – Vilnius: Žaltvykslė, 2006. – 115 p. –
Proza: novelės ir apysakos / parengė Agnė Iešmantaitė. – Vilnius: Žaltvykslė, 2006. – 129 p. –
Lietuvių grotesko ir ironijos dramos: Juozas Grušas, Kazys Saja, Saulius Šaltenis: skaitiniai / sud. Agnė Iešmantaitė. – Vilnius: Žaltvykslė, 2007. – 223 p. –
Demonų amžius: proza ir dramaturgija. – Vilnius: Tyto alba, 2014. – 295 p. –
Žydų karalaitės dienoraštis: romanas. – Vilnius: Tyto alba, 2015. – 150 p. –
Basas ir laimingas: romanas. – Vilnius: Tyto alba, 2016. – 211 p. –
Diary of a Jewish Girl: novel / trans. Marija Marcinkute. – Nottingham, UK: Noir Press, 2020. – 176 p. –
Geležiniai gyvatės kiaušiniai: romanas. – Vilnius: Tyto alba, 2020. – 197 p. –
Bees on the Snow (Kalės vaikai): novel / trans. by Elizabeth Novickas. – Flossmoor, IL: Pica Pica Press, 2021. 158 p. –
External links
2016 interview (in English)
References
1945 births
Living people
Ministers of Culture of Lithuania
Members of the Seimas
Homeland Union politicians
Lithuanian writers
Lithuanian newspaper editors
HealthEquity, Inc. is an American financial technology and business services company that is designated as a non-bank health savings trustee by the IRS. This designation allows HealthEquity to be the custodian of health savings accounts regardless of which financial institution the funds are deposited with.
History
HealthEquity was incorporated in January 2002 in Tucson, Arizona by Stephen Neeleman, Nuno Battaglia, and David Hall to re-introduce consumer-driven health care (CDH). It moved its incorporation to Utah in February 2004.
Acquisitions
August 30, 2019 - HealthEquity acquires WageWorks.
March 8, 2021 HealthEquity acquires Luum and expands Commuter benefit offering.
November 1, 2021: HealthEquity completes Further acquisition.
References
External links
User Experience Benchmarks and Best Practices: Inside Bank Health Savings Account Servicing Web Sites
The Complete HSA Guidebook
Medicare and Medicaid (United States)
Medical and health organizations based in Utah
Health care companies established in 2002
2014 initial public offerings
Watkins's Biographical Dictionary, also called The Universal Biographical Dictionary, was originally published in 1800, with a second edition in 1825, as An Historical Account of the lives, characters and works of the most eminent persons in every age and nation, from the earliest times to the present. It was compiled by John Watkins, LL.D., and published by Longman, Rees Orme, Brown and Green.
Entry on Hume
The dictionary is notable for its entry on the philosopher David Hume, which notes that "he published [the Treatise] in London in 1738, but its reception not answering their expectations, they printed a small analysis of it, in a sixpenny pamphlet, to make it sell". Because the pamphlet (An Abstract of the Treatise of Human Nature) was published anonymously, it is not known how the author of the article came by this information. Norman Kemp Smith has speculated that the firm of Longman's, which published both Watkin's Dictionary, and volume III of the A Treatise of Human Nature, was the channel through which the tradition of Hume's authorship of the Abstract was preserved.
Notes
References
Biography: writing lives By Catherine Neal Parke
"New Books", Norman Kemp Smith, Mind 1938 XLVII(188):522-524,
An Abstract of a Book lately Published; Entitled, A Treatise of Human Nature, &c. Wherein the Chief Argument of that Book is farther Illustrated and Explained, (London, 1740).
"The Authorship of the Abstract Revisited" David Raynor, Hume Studies, Volume XIX, Number 1 (April, 1993) 213-215 .
British biographical dictionaries
1800 non-fiction books
The 20th century of the Common Era began on 1 January 1901 and ended on 31 December 2000, according to the Gregorian calendar.
20th century may also refer to:
20th century BC
Film and theatre
20th Century Studios, a film studio formerly known as 20th Century Fox
Twentieth Century Pictures, one of the predecessors of 20th Century Studios (along with Fox Film)
Twentieth Century (play), a 1932 Broadway play
Twentieth Century (film), a 1934 American comedy
On the Twentieth Century, a 1978 musical based on the play and film
The Twentieth Century, the 1957–1970 television series
20th Century with Mike Wallace, the 1990s–2000s television series
The Twentieth Century (film), a 2019 film by Matthew Rankin
Music
20th Century Records, a record label begun as a soundtrack division of Twentieth Century Pictures
20th Century, a sub-unit of Japanese boyband V6
Twentieth Century (Cold Chisel album), 1984, or the title song
Twentieth Century (Alabama album), 1999, or the title song
20th Century (3X Krazy album)
20th Century (John Sykes album)
"Twentieth Century", a song by Pet Shop Boys from Fundamental
Other
Twentieth Century (typeface), a sans-serif typeface
20th Century (cocktail), a gin cocktail
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation, a failed automobile company
The Twentieth Century (periodical), a continuation of The Nineteenth Century (periodical)
XXth Century, Nazi Germany-funded journal in Shanghai published by Klaus Mehnert
See also
20th Century Studios, a movie and television production company
20th Century Limited, the flagship passenger train of the New York Central Railroad
Mauro Antonio Donato Laus (b. Lavello, 7 August 1966) is an Italian politician of the Democratic Party, who serves as a Senator.  They are a member of the Legislature XVIII of Italy.
Biography
After spending their childhood and adolescence in Lavello (PZ), they moved to Turin.  They are married and has two children.
Political activity
In the 2005 regional elections in Piedmont they were elected regional councilor, on the Margherita lists, in the province of Turin. They were also re-elected in the subsequent regional 2010, in the lists of the Democratic Party. Re-elected councilor again also at the 2014 regional councils, on 30 May 2014 they were elected president of the Piedmont Regional Council.
Election as Senator
In the 2018 general elections of Italy they were elected to the Senate of the Republic in the single-member constituency of Turin, supported by the Democratic Party.
Controversy
In 2018, during a heated debate in the Senate, they reportedly told Senator Alessandra Maiorino (M5S) to return to the kitchen, attracting criticism and bipartisan accusations of sexism.
References
Living people
People from Lavello
1966 births
Senators of Legislature XVIII of Italy
21st-century Italian politicians
20th-century Italian people
Andrea II Muzaka, was an Albanian noble of the Muzaka family and the ruler of the Principality of Muzaka. Their grandfather is known as one of the first notable rulers of the principality and also the titular "Marshal of Albania". Their father was Teodor I Muzaka or "Keshetsi" (Gërshetësi) which means "the one with braided hair". Andrea Muzaka as a noble person of the Muzaka family became the ruler of the principality after their father's death around 1331. Andrea is known as a prominent medieval Albanian noble and a hero who defeated the king Vukasin in a great battle thus promoting the nobility of the family's rule into a Despotate, being one of the main symbols of resistance against the short-lived growing empire of Serbia, and also significantly expanding the principality of Muzaka in southern Albania.
Rule
First reign
Andrea II Muzaka came from the noble family of Muzaka, who were wealthy in southern Albania. Their grandfather Andrea I Muzaka established a de facto independent territorial rule around 1280 in the area Myzeqe west of Berat, later named after the family. After Andrea I, the next ruler would become Teodor or "Këshetsi", Teodor's son, Andrea II would become the most prominent ruler of the Muzaka noble family in medieval era. Andrea like their father served the Angevins as the marshal of Albania, however, they held various other titles such as sebastokrator, and even granter tittle such as despotus Regni Albaniae (despot of Albania) by the Anjous. At the beginning of their rule they exercised nominal rule over much of the country of Adriatic sea between Vjosa and Devoll rivers eastwards but in practice this continued to be dominated by the historic Albanian noble families who paid little heed to Muzaka's authority.
Andrea held alliance both diplomatic and friendship with the Angevins, other noble members of family were always allowed to go to Durrës which at that time was held by the Anjou-durrazo family. According to the medieval Albanian historian Gjon Muzaka, Andrea would defeat the King Vukasin in a great battle, therefor in their honor it would be given to them the second highest title below to Emperor, that of Despot by the Emperor of the Byzantine Empire, which they had been a great threat to them and their nominal weakening Empire, as well as the coat of arms of the Muzaka family would be replaced with the new double-headed eagle flag
As soon as Andrea II Muzaka had obtained the title of despot, they endorsed an anti-Byzantine revolt (1335-1341) in their domains, and also formed an alliance with the Anjou from Naples on 30 December 1336, whereas they were recognized as a vassal of Robert, Prince of Taranto. As proof of their fidelity to the Capetian House of Anjou, Andrea II Muzaka had to leave one of their sons as hostage in Durazzo.
Resistance against the Serbians
During the period 1341-1347 the Byzantine Empire was going through a deep civil war which hastened the Serbians to take advantage out of it and start an invasion all over into the southern Balkans. The despot Andrea held great resistance and formed various alliances with other Albanian noble families and with the Anjou as well. In 1336, the short-lived Serbian Empire under Stefan Dušan captured Angevin-controlled Durazzo. Although Angevins managed to recapture Durazzo, Dušan continued their expansion, and in the period of 1337—45 they had captured Kanina and Valona (in modern-day southern Albania). Andrea Muzaka waged against the Serbian forces around 1340 and their forces managed to defeat the Serbian army at the Pelister mountain. Andrea Muzaka with an alliance with the Gropa family would have several other successful campaigns against Dusan, however although in a short period of time their domains like with the other Albanian principalities would eventually be invaded by the Serbian King.
Second reign
After the death of Stefan Dušan in 1355 and collapse of the short-lived Serbian Empire, the despot Andrea regained control over parts of the south-eastern modern-day Albania and significantly expanded the principality over northern Greece with Kastoria after the Battle of Marica in 1371 which they had captured from Prince Marko. One year latter Andrea would die in 1372 and the rule would be passed to their son Teodor II, they would be buried with their wife in St. Anthony Church, Durrës
Family
Andrea II married Lady Euphemia Matranga () also called: Eythvmia, Etinia or Onorata); who was the daughter of Paul Matranga, Lord of Ghora. The couple had five children:
•Gjin Muzaka (* around 1337; † 1389), who inherited most of their fathers lands, with the exception of Berat, Myzeqe and Castoria. They married Lady Suina Arianiti-Comneniates, a daughter of Lord Materango Arianiti, with whom they had 5 sons:
- Andrew III Muzaka- Materango Muzaka- Blaise Muzaka- Bogdan Muzaka- Laldi Muzaka
Teodor II Muzaka (* 1337; † after 1389), who inherited Myzeqe and Berat
Lord Stoia († after 1384), who inherited Kastoria as well as its villages and estates. Unfortunately, they died early with no heirs, therefore their lands were passed down to their elder brother Gjin.
Lady Comita Muzaka († 1392), who married King Balsha of Zeta.
Lady Chiranna Muzaka (also: Kyranna), who married Lord Groppa of Ohër and Dibra. The couple had no living issue, thus their property was inherited by the Muzakas.
Despot Andrea II and their wife Despotess Euphemia were both buried in the town of Durrës, within the Church of Saint Anthony, to the right side of the main altar, in a beautiful grave made of marble and containing the following epitaph : 'Here lies Lord Andrew Molosachi, Despot of Epirus'.
See also
Muzaka Family
References
1319 births
1372 deaths
14th-century Albanian people
Albanian soldiers
History of Berat
Sources
Pınarbaşı is a village in the Kemer district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Kemer District, Burdur
Ushguli () is a community of five villages located at the head of the Enguri gorge in Svaneti, Georgia. Ushguli is one of the highest continuously inhabited settlements in Europe. Compared to somewhat more developed towns like Mestia, Ushguli is not in an accessible location, which has preserved many of the villages' medieval characteristics, including unique defensive tower houses called Svan towers. Because of their preservation and traditional architecture, Ushguli, Mestia, and the surrounding area was recognized as the Upper Svaneti UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996.
Location and features
Ushguli is located at an altitude of near the foot of Shkhara, one of the highest summits of the Greater Caucasus mountains. About 70 families (about 200 people) live in the area, enough to support a small school. The area is snow-covered for 6 months of the year, and often the road to Mestia is impassable.
The Lamaria religious complex (named for the goddess Lamaria in Svaneti mythology) in Zhibiani is located on a hilltop dominating the village. The chapel dates back to the 12th century and contains Georgian Golden Age-era frescoes.
The most notable feature of the villages in Ushguli are the defensive tower houses found throughout the community. These houses are between 3-5 stories tall were built primarily between the 9th and 12th centuries. Although many of the towers in the lower towns such as Mestia have fallen into disrepair, the isolation of Ushguli has preserved the towers. Chazhashi, one of the villages within the community, contains over 200 of these towers and has been preserved as a Museum-Reserve.
The Mikhail Kalatozov silent film documentary Salt for Svanetia was filmed in Ushguli.
Constituent villages of Ushguli
Zhibiani () some above sea level;
Chvibiani or Chubiani ();
Chazhashi or Chajashi ();
Murqmeli ();
Lamjurishi ().
See also
Mestia
Bochorna
Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti
References
External links
Ski – Svaneti Project
Populated places in Mestia Municipality
World Heritage Sites in Georgia (country)
Svaneti
Ulesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately south-east of Miłkowice, west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 590.
References
Ulesie
Destin C. Hall is an American attorney and politician who is currently serving in the North Carolina House of Representatives, representing the 87th District.
Early life
Destin Hall was born on July 17, 1987, in Lenoir, North Carolina. They graduated from West Caldwell High School, and went on to earn their bachelor's degree from Appalachian State University, where they double-majored in Finance and Risk Management & Insurance. After their graduation from Appalachian State University in 2009, they earned their J.D. degree from Wake Forest University School of Law. After they graduated in 2014, Hall practiced law in Charlotte, North Carolina, for a year before returning to their hometown of Lenoir. Hall currently lives and practices in Lenoir, North Carolina.  They are a bachelor.
Political career
Hall began their political career soon after their return to Caldwell County in 2015 where they became the Treasurer of the Caldwell County Republican Party. In January 2015, the longtime State House Representative Edgar Vance Starnes, who previously held the seat for 20 years, unexpectedly resigned to accept a position with the North Carolina State Treasurer's office. George S. Robinson was appointed to take Starnes's seat in the North Carolina House. Hall announced their campaign for the North Carolina House of Representatives 87th District seat on December 1, 2015. In March 2016, Hall won the Republican Party Primary. Hall won the General Election on November 9, 2016,. They were sworn in as a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives in January 2017. Shortly after, Hall was elected by their peers to be the Majority Freshman Leader of the House Republican Caucus. In 2018 and 2020, Hall was reelected to their seat in the North Carolina House of Representatives.
On August, 3rd 2020 Hall was appointed co-chair of the North Carolina House Committee on Rules, Calendar, and Operations of the House by Speaker Tim Moore. Shortly after Hall's appointment, they were raised to full chairperson of the committee following the unexpected resignation of the prior chairperson, David R. Lewis.
After being sworn in for their third term, Hall was once again appointed to serve as chairperson of the North Carolina House Committee on Rules, Calendar, and Operations of the House by Speaker Tim Moore for the 2021-2022 Legislative Session.
North Carolina House of Representatives
Notable legislation
House Bill 551 – Strengthening Victims' Rights. This bill was based on Marsy's Law, making North Carolina one of several states that have adopted the constitutional amendment. House Bill 551 amended the state constitution to expand the legal rights of crime victims. This constitutional amendment was approved by a majority of North Carolinians in November 2018.
House Bill 370 – House Bill 370 "Require Cooperation with ICE Detainers" would obligate North Carolina's sheriffs to notify federal immigration agents if the Sheriffs department cannot determine an inmate's legal status in the United States of America, the sheriff's would be obligated to hold inmates already in their custody who are subject to a detainer by I.C.E for up to 48 hours. House Bill 370 passed both chambers of the North Carolina General Assembly but was vetoed by Governor Roy Cooper on August 21, 2019.
House Bill 218 – House Bill 218, “Broadcast NC House of Reps Sessions" pushed for video coverage at the General Assembly. It was supposed to establish a devoted webcast of daily House sessions and directed that sessions of “particular public importance” should be aired on UNCTV. In 2019, North Carolina was one of seven that did not provide video broadcasts or video webcasts of their legislative sessions to the public. The bill passed through the North Carolina House by a vote of 116–1, however the bill was never passed by the North Carolina Senate. Even though the bill had been stopped in the Senate Rules Committee, Speaker of The House Tim Moore directed that the North Carolina House of Representatives would broadcast its legislative sessions by video via web streaming services. The video broadcasts began in April 2020.
This video system was implemented at the time when it was most useful. The COVID-19 outbreak increased public interest in legislative issues, and the new video system allowed for North Carolinians to tune in to the legislative sessions of the North Carolina House of Representatives.
Committee assignments
Standing or select committees (2017–2018 Session)
Banking
Commerce
Elections and Ethics Law
Education K-12
Finance
Insurance
Judiciary II
Standing or select committees (2019–2020 Session)
Redistricting Committee, Chairman
Elections and Ethics Law, Chairman
Judiciary Subcommittee on Criminal Matters, Chairman
Joint Select Committee on Congressional Redistricting, Co-Chairman
Commerce
Energy and Public Utilities
Finance
Insurance
Standing or select committees (2021–2022 Session)
Rules, Calendar, and Operations of the House Chairman
Redistricting Chairman
Energy and Public Utilities
Finance
Electoral history
2020
2018
2016
References
1987 births
Living people
People from Lenoir, North Carolina
People from Granite Falls, North Carolina
Appalachian State University alumni
Wake Forest University School of Law alumni
American lawyers
North Carolina lawyers
21st-century American politicians
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
North Carolina Republicans
The men's road race at the 1994 UCI Road World Championships was the 61st edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 28 August 1994 in Agrigento, Italy. The race was won by Luc Leblanc of France.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
Christoph Bieler (born 28 October 1977 in Hall in Tirol) is an Austrian former Nordic combined athlete. Competing in four Winter Olympics, they won two medals in the 4 x 5 km team event with a gold in 2006 and a bronze medal in 2002. Bieler's best individual Winter Olympic finish was tenth in the 10 km individual large hill event at Vancouver in 2010.
They also won two 4 x 5 km team medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with gold in 2003 and bronze in 2005, and had their best individual finish of sixth twice (10 km mass start: 2009, 15 km individual: 2003).
Bieler has four individual victories since 2006.
External links
Austrian male Nordic combined skiers
1977 births
Living people
Nordic combined Grand Prix winners
Nordic combined skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Austria
Olympic bronze medalists for Austria
Olympic Nordic combined skiers of Austria
Olympic medalists in Nordic combined
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in Nordic combined
People from Hall in Tirol
Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Tyrol (state)
Krishantha Ukwatte (born Ukwarrage Krishantha Ukwatte; 13 May 1979) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who plays for Sri Lanka Army Sports Club. They were born in Kuliyapitiya.
Ukwatte made their first-class debut for the side during the 2008-09 Premier Championship, against Chilaw Marians. From the tailend, they scored a golden duck in the first innings in which they batted, and 4 runs in the second.
They bowled 4 overs in the match, conceding 23 runs.
External links
Krishantha Ukwatte at CricketArchive
1979 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Army Sports Club cricketers
The New Hampshire at-large congressional district is obsolete, with representation having since been divided into districts.
However, from 1789 to 1847, New Hampshire elected members to the United States House of Representatives at-large:
From 1789 to 1793, three members represented the state at-large.
From 1793 to 1803, four members represented the state at-large.
From 1803 to 1813, five members represented the state at-large.
From 1813 to 1833, six members represented the state at-large.
From 1833 to 1843, five members represented the state at-large.
From 1843 to 1847, four members represented the state at-large.
In 1847 at-large representation was replaced by four congressional districts.
List of members representing the district
Notes
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
At-large
At-large United States congressional districts
Former congressional districts of the United States
1789 establishments in New Hampshire
Statistics of Superettan in season 2002.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and Östers IF won the championship.
League table
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Superettan seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
John Walters (11 June 1760 – 28 June 1789) was a Welsh Anglican priest and poet.
Life
Walters was the eldest son of John Walters, a clergyman and lexicographer, and they were born on 11 June 1760 in Llandough, Glamorgan, south Wales. They were educated at Cowbridge Grammar School and Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1777 obtaining their Bachelor of Arts degree in 1781. During their time in Oxford, they were sub-librarian at the Bodleian Library. They became principal of Cowbridge Grammar School in 1783 and principal of Ruthin School in the following year, when they were also promoted to Master of Arts. Walters was later appointed as rector of Efenechtyd, Denbighshire. They died on 28 June 1789 in Ruthin, survived by their wife and two daughters.
Works
Walters was a noted poet, publishing Poems with Notes in 1780 whilst still a university student. Translated Specimens of Welsh Poetry followed in 1782. Other works included an edition and translation of Llywarch Hen's poems (published in The History of Wales by Warrington in 1788) and sermons.
A new edition of Toxophilus printed by R.Marsh of Wrexham in 1788. It was edited with an introduction by the Rev. John Walters, M.A., Master of Ruthin Grammar School. This date coincides with the formation of the Royal British Bowmen, in Wrexham, in 1787!
References
2. Bernard Dennis www.bernarddennis.co.uk
1760 births
1789 deaths
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
18th-century Welsh Anglican priests
Welsh educators
Welsh poets
Translators from Welsh
18th-century translators
Nawabganj ( ) (also spelled as Nawabgunj and Nawabgunge in British Raj) is a Nagar palika and an administrative subdivision (or tehsil or pargana) of Bareilly district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. A Sub Divisional Magistrate, also called Sub Divisional Officer, or pargana-adhikari (literally pargana-officer) is the head official.
Under the three-tier Panchayat Raj Institution system, Nawabganj comes under Bareilly Zila (district) Panchayat (ZP) and is a headquarters of block panchayat covering 86 gram panchayats. There are 1007 gram panchayats in Bareilly district and 52,002 Gram Panchayats in the Uttar Pradesh state.
History
Nawabganj was originally called Bijauria. The present name refers to a market built here under Asaf-ud-Daula, who was Nawab of Oudh in the late 1700s. The market quickly came to prosper, benefitting from its advantageous position on the road from Bareilly to Pilibhit, and in 1815 it was made the headquarters of a newly created tehsil and pargana (it had previously been part of Karor pargana in Bareilly tehsil). Around the turn of the 20th century, Nawabganj was described as a compactly built town, with markets held four times a week and generating significant trade in local produce. A large fair was held on the festival day of Dasahra. The population in 1901 was 4,199, consisting of 2,352 Hindus, 1,819 Muslims, and 28 Christians.
Demographics and geography
In 1865, the population of Nawabganj town was 4,418 and population of Nawabganj pargana was 1,22,264. Population growth between 1891 and 1901 was only 2.2% because of severe droughts in 1860-61 and 1869-70.
The town of Hafizganj already existed when Nawabganj was founded. Hafiz Rahmat Khan founded Hafizganj in order to offer merchants a resting place on the road from Bareilly to Pilibhit. New ganjes or quasbas were established to lure foreign trade and credit towards the Rohilla territories.
The Imperial Gazetteer of India Vol 7 1908, gives statistics of area and population of Nawabganj Tehsil as follows:
Nawabganj Experimental Sugar Factory
The area was known for ingenious production of gur and sugar. Earliest known reference of this in British India is found in The Louisiana Planter and Sugar Manufacturers journal dated 18 January 1919. The report titled "The Improvement of the Indigenous Methods of Gur and Sugar making in the United Provinces" was published in 1916 in Imperial Agricultural Research Institute Bulletin 82, 1916 by William Edward Hulme, Sugar Engineer Expert to Government of India and R. P. Sanghi, Sugar Chemist, Nawabganj Experimental Factory. Reference to the paper (IOR/V/27/515/31 1916) can be found in British Library.
Nawabganj Experimental Factory was erected in 1914–15. The site chosen was a government farm.
As a sugar engineer, William Hulme was assigned to study the indigenous methods of sugar manufacture with a view to determining the best methods of extracting and concentrating the juice for the manufacture of gur and white sugar respectively, both on the scale within the means of individuals or small groups of cultivators, and on a scale suited to the resources of capitalists now engaged in the industry in India.
Rivers
Pungheli
The Pungeilee rises in a jheel near Mouzah Bhugnera in Pergunnah Jehanabad, traverses Jehanabad and Nawabgunj, and joins the Apsurha at Moondeea. It is fed by springs in its bed which is of clay and sand. The stara pierced through in sinking wells of the bridge on the pillibheet road were alternately clay and sand down to 20 feet below the surface, when boulders were first met with.
Kandu
The Kandoo is a small stream which rises near Aspore in Pergunnah Nawabgunj, and falls into the east Bygool and Bhursur in Crore. It is crossed by the Pillibheet road by an old masonry bridge near Sithra in Nawabgunj. The banks are steep, and there is very little irrigation from it.
Begul River Canals
The Bygool Canals take their origin from the Roodpore and Bhanpore earthen dams, and the Chooreyli and Giram masonry dams. After leaving the Terai, they run through Jehanabad, Ritcha, and Nawabgunj Pergunnahs. They consist of a group of small water-courses known as the Burha feeder, and the Sisona, Bhanpore, Nukutpore, Suseynia, Chooreylee, Girem, and Ougunpore Rujbuhas. None of them are more that about 10′ in width, and their velocity is 3′ per second. They can irrigate about 30,000 acres per year.
Politics
Present Member of Parliament (MP) in Lok sabha : Mr. Santosh Gangwar, Bhartiya Janta party, holding the charge of State Minister of Finance Ministry, in Government of India
Present Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) : Dr. Mukta Prasad Arya Gangwar
Mr. Kesar Singh Gangwar, who made fun of the masks belonging to Bhartiya Janta Party died of Coronavirus. They were the MLA.
Present Chairperson of Nagar Palika : Mrs. Shehla Tahir, Samajwadi party
Education
University-
B.r. genius international school
Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Rohilkhand University (Bareilly)
Graduation College-
Adarsh Mahavidyalaya Hardua Nawabganj
Gangasheel Mahavidyalaya, Faijullapur, Nawanganj
Lal Bahadur Shastri Group Of Education institutions Hardua Kifaytulla Nawabganj, Bareilly
Inter College-
Bhagwati inter college
Spice Sr. Secondary School
Jay Prakash Narayan (JPN) Inter College
Shri Krishna Inter College
Jesus and Mary Inter College
Government Girls Inter College
R P GANGWAR INTER COLLEGE
Spice Children Academy
Standard Moral Junior High School
Jesus and Mary Institute of Distance Learning
Mission Public School
St. Thomas
St. Paul
Lalta Prasad SVM Inter college Nawabganj Bareilly
Khushi technical training centre Ghass Mandi Nawabganj
Tourism
Nearby points of interest include:
Bijauria Railway Station (3.1 km)
Kainchi pul (near Bijauria Railway Station)
Laal pul (near Bijauria Railway Station)
Kamani Bridge (Purana Pul)
Jama Masjid (River bank of Panghaili)
Bareilly (32 km)
Nainital (142 km)
Pilibhit (21 km)
World-famous Jim Corbett National Park (178 km)
Dudhwa National Park (120 km)
Sitarganj (56 km)
Haridwar (311 km)
Nanakmatta, Nanaksagar (65 km)
Mahendera Nagar (Nepal) (87 km)
Pilibhit Tiger Reserve (55 km)
Sethal (12 km)
Hafiz Ganj (9.1 km)
Barkhan (8.2 km)
Oswal Sugar Mill Aurangabaad (5.1 km)
purana pull
Grem Dam ( 2 km )
Shiv polyhouse grem (3 km)
Ahemdabad (Village of Keshar Singh MLA)
VIP college like Bhagwati inter college, Krishna instr college, Jpn college, Ggic, St. Thomas, mission public school...
See also
Administrative divisions of India
Divisions of Uttar Pradesh
Bareilly division
Bareilly (Lok Sabha constituency)
Municipal governance in India
Zilla Panchayat (ZP)
District Rural Development Agencies (DRDA)
Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly
References
External links
Government of Uttar Pradesh
Bareilly official website (NIC)
Cities and towns in Bareilly district
Wabash Avenue is a 1950 American musical film directed by Henry Koster and starring Betty Grable. The film was a remake of Grable's earlier hit 1943 film Coney Island.
Plot
Ruby Summers (Betty Grable) is a burlesque queen in a successful dance hall in 1892 Chicago. The owner of the dance hall Mike (Phil Harris) has cheated their ex-partner Andy Clark (Victor Mature) out of a half interest in the business. Andy schemes to potentially ruin Mike and also hopes to make Ruby a classy entertainer, as well as their own girl.
Cast
Betty Grable as Ruby Summers
Victor Mature as Andy Clark
Phil Harris as Mike Stanley
Reginald Gardiner as English Eddie
James Barton as Harrigan
Barry Kelley as Bouncer
Margaret Hamilton as Tillie Hutch
Jacqueline Dalya as Cleo
Robin Raymond as Jennie
Hal K. Dawson as Healy
Dorothy Neumann as Reformer
Alexander Pope as Charlie Saxe
Henry Kulky as Joe Barton
Marie Bryant as Elsa
Collette Lyons as Beulah
George Beranger as Wax Museum Attendant
Background
Wabash Avenue, named from a major Chicago street, was reportedly conceived as a biopic of Chicago songwriter Gus Kahn. Negotiations dissolved but exhibitors had been promised that title so 20th Century Fox hastily substituted a rewrite of its 1943 Coney Island. (The Kahn biopic was made at Warner Bros. in 1951 as I'll See You in My Dreams, with Danny Thomas as Kahn.)
The film became a vehicle for Betty Grable with Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas to co-star. The setting was to be the 1893 Chicago Exposition. Eventually Widmark was replaced by Victor Mature. Eventually Paul Douglas dropped out and was replaced by Phil Harris.
Filming started on 9 May 1949. It was the first in a three-picture contract Koster had with Fox.
The film featured five new numbers in addition to some old favourites. 87 sets were constructed included a recreation of Wabash Avenue.
Grable enjoyed working with director Henry Koster so much they insisted they direct their next film, My Blue Heaven.
Awards
Wabash Avenue also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song for the number Wilhelmina.
References
External links
1950 films
Films directed by Henry Koster
1950s romantic musical films
Films set in Chicago
Films set in the 1890s
Films with screenplays by Charles Lederer
1950s English-language films
American romantic musical films
20th Century Fox films
Films produced by William Perlberg
1950s American films
Wilding (or Willding) was launched at Liverpool in 1788 and spent much of their career as a West Indiaman, sailing between Liverpool and Jamaica. During this time, in November 1794, they participated in a single-ship action during which their opponent, a French privateer, blew up. In 1798 after a series of captures and recaptures they briefly became transport for the French Navy, but a final recapture returned them to British hands. Later, they made one voyage to the South Pacific as a whaler, and one voyage to the Cape of Good Hope as a victualler for the 1795-1796 invasion of the Cape. They traded with the West Indies, Africa, the United States, and Russia. Them crew abandoned them in September 1824, dismasted and in a sinking state.
Career
West Indiaman
Wilding entered Lloyd's Register in 1789 with J. Atkinson, master, M(oses) Benson, owner, and trade Liverpool–Jamaica. In 1792 G. Pemberton replaced Atkinson as Wildings master.
On 20 November 1795, Wilding was on their way to Jamaica when they encountered a French privateer of 18 guns and a large crew. An engagement of two hours ensued. Suddenly the privateer blew up, causing the loss of their entire crew. However, Captain George Pemberton, of Wilding, was killed in the action.
Captain Henry Ward, Wildings next master, acquired a letter of marque on 15 November 1796.
On 2 February 1798, as Wilding was returning to England from Jamaica the French privateer D'Gaytrouin (Dugay Trouin) captured them off Cape Clear. ( captured Duguay Trouin the same day but was unable to recapture Wilding. Twenty-three of Wildings crew were aboard Duguay Trouin.) The British recaptured Wilding, but the French then recaptured them again and took them into Brest.
French Navy & recapture
The French Navy took Wilding into service as a transport, retaining them name.
On 28 December captured the 14-gun transport Wilding, of 400 tons (bm), in the Bay of Biscay. Wildings crew consisted of seamen from three French ships of the line and they had been taking firewood for the French Navy from Aber Wrac'h to Brest under the escort of Levrette, a gun vessel from which they had parted company. The report of their recapture noted that Wilding had been a British ship in the West Indies trade before the French had captured them
British merchantman
Wilding reappears in Lloyd's Register in 1799 with E. Sparks, master, John St Barbe, owner, and trade London–Leghorn. By 1802 they were trading with Martinique.
Whaler
In 1803 St Barbe sent Wilding on a whaling voyage. They were at Rio de Janeiro in February 1803 where they replenished their water and replaced an anchor that they had lost. They were reported to have been "all well" at the Galapagos Islands on 4 October 1803, in company with and , and off the coast of Peru in April 1804. Them master's name is variously given as Belinder or Borlander, or John Barlinder. Captain John Barlinder acquired a letter of marque on 25 April 1804. Wilding returned to Great Britain on 7 April 1805.
One of Willdings owners was Lord Camelford. Camelford died three days after being wounded in a duel on 7 March 1804. Their whalers, Wilding, , and passed to Lord Grenville, a relative by marriage, who sold their ownership when they returned from their voyages.
Victualer
St Barbe sold Wilding to C. Bent, who employed them as a London-based transport. Them master was W. Bushell. (Lloyd's Register gives the name of their new master as Merman and their new owner as Edwin.)
In the autumn of 1805 a small naval squadron under the orders of Commodore Sir Home Popham escorted a fleet of transports and East Indiamen carrying some 5000 soldiers under the command of Major-general Sir David Baird to attack the Dutch at the Cape of Good Hope. Wilding was part of the force, serving as a victualler.
The fleet assembled at Madeira and touched at St. Salvador to replenish supplies. The expedition sailed again on the 26 November, and on 4 January 1806, in the evening, anchored to the west of Robben Island, preparatory to taking the Dutch colony. On 21 March 1806 Wilding was in a convoy to UK with invalids and Dutch prisoners.
Merchantman
By 1807 Wildings master was Freeman, their owner Marman, and their trade London–Demarara. On 30 January 1807 Wilding sailed from Demerara, bound for London.
In 1809, Wildings master changed from Marman to Campion, their owner from Manning to Swanzea, and their trade from London–Africa to London-Surinam. They had undergone a thorough repair in 1808.
In 1814-1815, Wildings master changed from W. Gibson to Kensman and their trade from Plymouth–Africa to Liverpool–"Savana".
Wilding, Gibson, master, had left Plymouth on 21 December 1814 with the missionary William Davies, and several members of the Church Missionary Society. They arrived at Sierra Leone on 13 February 1815, and Gibson died of a fever on 20 February.
On 1 December 1815, Wilding Kingsman, master, arrived at Liverpool from Archangel. In coming into the King's Dock pier, they drove the fluke of one of their anchors into their hull at the bow; they took on 12 feet of water in their hold.
On 2 April 1818 a heavy sea struck Wilding, Kinsman, master, as they were sailing from Honduras to England. They put into Plymouth on 12 April leaky, having also lost their foremast, bowsprit, etc.
Fate
Wilding, Richardson, master, foundered on 14 September 1824 at in the Atlantic Ocean with the loss of three of their crew. They were on a voyage from British Honduras to Cork. The surviving crew members were landed at Charleston.
A more detailed account has Wilding leaving Honduras on 25 August and encountering a gale off Charleston on 14 September. They filled with water and fell on their side, at which time two seamen and a cabin-boy drowned. They righted themselves shortly thereafter, having lost their masts. Captain Richardson and the surviving crew members remained on board until 16 September. They fashioned a raft and set out for shore. On their way they encountered the pilot boat Friends, which brought them ashore.
Citations and references
Citations
References
1788 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Captured ships
Ships of the French Navy
Whaling ships
Maritime incidents in September 1824
The Watkins Family are an American acoustic Southern gospel/bluegrass music performing group based in Toccoa, Georgia, United States.
The group comprises Judy Watkins, their two adult children Todd, Lorie, and various side musicians. The group has been performing for over twenty-five years. Their 2013 album Heaven's Worth Waiting For was produced by former Ricky Skaggs musician Grammy winner Mark Fain, Grammy nominee Karen Peck Gooch and Danny Jones.
The ministry started by Donald Watkins and their wife in the 1970s performs throughout the United States and Canada including in the U.S. Capitol building.
The family was inducted to the Atlanta Country Music Hall of Fame in 2012.
Awards and discography
According to Power Source magazine, their single "She's Working on Them Testimony" is a top ten bluegrass gospel song.
According to Singing News magazine, "She's Working on Them Testimony" was a top 50 single.
According to the Front Porch Fellowship Bluegrass Gospel Music Awards, Lorie is a three-time nominee for Favorite Female Vocalist and in 2010 was a nominee for Favorite Instrumentalist.
Singing News magazine and other publications highlighted their appearances at the National Quartet Convention from 2006 to 2010.
References
External links
Official website
Family musical groups
Musical groups from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Toccoa, Georgia
Southern gospel performers
Treaty of Lircay (May 3, 1814) was a truce treaty agreed between the Royalist and the Patriot forces during the Chilean War of Independence.
Background
Due to the exhaustion of both armies in conflict after the long 1813 campaign and the battles of El Membrillar and Quechereguas, the arrival of the English captain of HMS Phoebe, James Hillyar with instructions from the Viceroy of Peru José Fernando de Abascal to negotiate with the rebels was considered opportune.
The treaty was signed on the banks of the Lircay River, about outside the city of Talca by the commander of the Royal Armies in the province of Concepción, brigadier Gabino Gaínza, and the representatives of the Chilean Supreme Director Francisco de la Lastra, brigadiers Bernardo O'Higgins and Juan Mackenna.
It was during these negotiations that O'Higgins met José Antonio Rodríguez Aldea, who was the secretary of the Royalist Commander, and who later went on to become O'Higgins' minister of finance and one of the main causes of their unpopularity and eventual downfall.
The agreement
The treaty was composed of 16 articles, plus a preamble. In the preamble, the treaty laid all blame for the destruction of the Kingdom on the Carrera family (without directly naming them). In the document proper the patriots reaffirmed their loyalty to King Ferdinand VII, defined Chile as an integral part of the Spanish monarchy, and promised to financially help the Spanish treasury within the economic possibilities of the country, to send deputies to the Cortes of Cádiz, to abandon the use of their own flag and re-adopt the royal standard and to pull back all patriot troops north of the Lontué River.
The royalists on the other hand accepted the existence of a Chilean provisional government, and committing to vacate the city of Talca, withdraw most of their forces south of the Maule River and leave the Province of Concepción. The treaty also included other general dispositions such as the end of all acts of war between both armies, the exchange of prisoners of war, the restitution of all properties confiscated by the Chileans to the Royalist supporters and the payment of the debts incurred by the Royal Army in their Chilean campaign.
Results
Everything indicated that the treaty was nothing else except a way in which both sides could obtain a truce. Gaínza did not abandon their positions by the agreed date, nor did the rebels live up to the agreement. The only practical results of the treaty were that it caused a cease-fire and created a de facto frontier on the Maule River.
After the signature of the treaty, the patriots did not move north of the Lontué River and remained garrisoned in Talca. On the other hand, Brigadier Gaínza retreated to Chillán but did not leave the area by the time agreed, deciding instead to remain in the city waiting for reinforcements. When their officers remonstrated them for their former concessions, they calmed them down by telling them that they had no intention of complying with those parts of the agreement. In addition, the treaty specified that war prisoners would be released but this measure didn't apply to the Carrera brothers who had been captured on March 4 by one of their militia units, commanded by Clemente Lantaño. The patriots had inserted a secret clause that established that these men would be handed over to the government and deported later on, due to the political instability that their freedom implied. Nevertheless, Gaínza freed José Miguel Carrera and Luis Carrera.
Upon their arrival to Santiago, José Miguel Carrera refused to accept the agreements of Lircay and started their second (third for some authorities) dictatorship by deposing Supreme Director Lastra via a coup of State on July 23. In the meantime, Viceroy Abascal was infuriated when they read the text of the Treaty and removed Gaínza from command, replacing them with Brigadier Mariano Osorio and sending the latter to Chile at the head of a new expedition of 5,000 men. Not content with that, they had Gaínza court martialed in Lima, accused of exceeding their orders.
Carrera's seizure of power was not accepted by O'Higgins, who along with their troops marched towards Santiago, being defeated in the Battle of Tres Acequias (August 26) by soldiers commanded by Luis Carrera. Immediately after the battle, the news of the arrival of the Osorio expedition filtered and this obligated the supporters of O'Higginis and of Carrera to stop their infights to unite themselves in the defense of the revolution. However, the patriot forces succumbed before the royalists in the disaster of Rancagua (October 2), which forced most of the patriots to emigrate to Mendoza.
History of the foreign relations of Chile
Peace treaties of Spain
Chilean War of Independence
1814 in the Captaincy General of Chile
1814 treaties
Treaties of Chile
Treaties of the Spanish Empire
May 1814 events
The Loye and Alden Miller Research Award, now known as the AOS Miller Award, was established in 1993 by the Cooper Ornithological Society (COS) to recognize lifetime achievement in ornithological research. The namesakes were Loye H. Miller and their son Alden H. Miller, both of whom focused largely on ornithology.
Since the merger of the Cooper Ornithological Society with the American Ornithologists' Union to form the American Ornithological Society in 2016 the award has been presented by the latter.
Recipients of the award
Source: American Ornithological Society
Cooper Ornithological Society
1993 – George Bartholomew
1994 – Storrs Olson
1995 – Barbara De Wolfe
1996 – William Dawson
1997 – Robert Storer
1998 – Russell Balda
1999 – Gordon Orians
2000 – Ernst Mayr
2001 – Frank Pitelka
2002 – Richard Holmes
2003 – Peter and Rosemary Grant
2004 – Alexander Skutch
2005 – John Wiens
2006 – Robert Ricklefs
2007 – Robert Payne
2008 – Peter Marler
2009 – Frances James
2010 – Keith A. Hobson
2011 – Susan Haig
2012 – Thomas Martin
2013 – Trevor Price
2014 – Ellen Ketterson
2015 – Jerram Brown
2016 – Walter D. Koenig
American Ornithological Society
2017 - Carol Vleck
2018 - Janis Dickinson
2019 - A. Townsend Peterson
See also
List of ornithology awards
References
Ornithology awards
Awards established in 1993
American awards
Universal class is a category derived from the philosophy of Hegel, redefined and popularized by Karl Marx. In Marxism it denotes that class of people within a stratified society for which, at a given point in history, self-interested action coincides with the needs of humanity as a whole.
Hegel
Hegel believed that history was a movement tending towards the realization of "freedom" (although there is much debate over precisely what Hegel means by freedom) – which, in their own historical moment, they had held their own society to represent, or at least represent the beginning of. For Hegel, divisions and conflicts between people were the external appearance of the internal tensions which drive the development of Spirit. Conflict and its resolution were the ratchet by which human progress was driven steadily forwards – they once famously described Napoleon Bonaparte as "the World Spirit on horseback". Accordingly: having arrived at the end of history, these divisions were to be reconciled by the new "universal class" of state bureaucrats, who acted at all times to reconcile conflicts of interest and acted only in the best interests of the entire society. They also believed in the universal class as an end product.
Further reading
Marx's immediate analysis of the unrest in France, 1848-1850
18th Brumaire of Louis Napoleon, Marx, 1852
The civil war in France, Marx, 1871
Marxist theory
Oceania Tennis Federation (OTF) is the regional governing body of tennis in Oceania. It was formed as a regional association of International Tennis Federation in 1993 with seven member nations to foster the development of tennis in the Oceania region specially main focus on small island nations (territories/dependencies) and Papua New Guinea as the structure of tennis in both Australia and New Zealand was already well developed. The organisation started with seven members now have twenty one countries in its members list.
Member Nations
Oceania Tennis Federation has 20 full-time member nations and one New Caledonia associate member. This is an alphabetically ordered list of full members of OTF:
ANZ Schools plan
In 1994 OTF President Geoff Pollard initiated a program allowing more children to play tennis at school level; OTF player development and marketing consultant Barry McMillan reached to ANZ Banking Group with this scheme for financial support. ANZ group agreed to this deal to sponsor a tennis in schools program in Pacific Island nations.
References
Tennis organizations
Sports governing bodies in Oceania
Sports organizations established in 1993
1993 establishments in Oceania
The Minister of Forestry is a ministerial portfolio in the government of New Zealand. The position was created in 1893 as Commissioner of Forests, being renamed Commissioner of State Forests in 1922 before finally having the title altered from Commissioner to Minister in 1949.
The present Minister is Stuart Nash.
List of Ministers
The following ministers held the office of Minister of Forestry.
Key
See also
Minister for Primary Industries
Notes
References
External links
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry
Agriculture in New Zealand
Forestry
The Sicilian Defence, Chekhover Variation (also sometimes called the Szily Variation or Hungarian Variation) is a chess opening named after Vitaly Chekhover, from the game Chekhover–Lisitsin, Leningrad 1938. It is defined by the moves:
1. e4 c5
2. Nf3 d6
3. d4 cxd4
4. Qxd4
On move four White ignores the standard opening principle to not develop the queen too early in the game. Although the Chekhover Variation is somewhat rare at grandmaster level, it is not uncommon among amateurs.
The Encyclopaedia of Chess Openings (ECO) assigns code B53 to this opening.
Main line: 4...Nc6
Black's main response to the Chekhover Variation is 4... Nc6 immediately attacking White's queen, leading to:
5. Bb5 pinning the knight: 5...Bd7 6.Bxc6 Bxc6.
5. Qa4?! avoiding an exchange and keeping the light-square bishop.
5. Qe3 a non-ambitious reply, often played in conjunction with Be2, O-O, Nc3 (with or without c4), and Bd2. This system has been coined the Harikrishna System by IM Alexandru-Bogdan Banzea, as it has recently been used by super grandmaster Pentala Harikrishna in over-the-board games with positive results as White.
Other continuations
4... a6 prevents a future pin: 5.c4 Nc6 6.Qd1.
4... Bd7 prepares 5...Nc6.
4... Nf6 avoids exchanges and continues with development.
Example games
Evgeni Vasiukov vs Loek van Wely, 2002
1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 d6 3.d4 cxd4 4.Qxd4 Nc6 5.Bb5 Bd7 6.Bxc6 Bxc6 7.Nc3 Nf6 8.Bg5 e6 9.O-O-O Be7 10.Rhe1 O-O 11.Kb1 Qa5 12.Qd2 Qa6 13.Nd4 Rfc8 14.f4 h6 15.h4 Qc4 16.g4 Kf8 17.f5 hxg5 18.hxg5 Nd7 19.fxe6 Ne5 20.Rh1 fxe6 21.b3 Qb4 22.Rh8 Kf7 23.Qf4 Bf6 24.Rh7 Kg8 25.gxf6 Kxh7 26.Qg5 Rc7 27.Nxe6 Rac8 28.fxg7 Kg8 29.Rh1 Bxe4 30.Rh8 Kf7 31.Nxc7 Qxc3 32.g8=Q
Mikhail Tal vs Robert Eugene Byrne, 1976
1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 d6 3.d4 cxd4 4. Qxd4 Nc6 5.Bb5 Bd7 6.Bxc6 Bxc6 7.Nc3 Nf6 8.Bg5 e6 9.O-O-O Be7 10.Rhe1 O-O 11.Qd2 Qa5 12.Nd4 Rac8 13.Kb1 Kh8 14.f4 h6 15.h4 hxg5 16.hxg5 Nxe4 17.Qd3 Bxg5 18.Nxe4 Bxe4 19.Rxe4 Bh6 20.g4 f5 21.Rxe6 Bxf4 22.Nxf5
See also
List of chess openings
List of chess openings named after people
References
Chess openings
The 2005 Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament of Hearts was held Jan. 21–26 in at the Crapaud Community Curling Club in Crapaud, Prince Edward Island. The winning team was Team Rebecca Jean MacPhee who represented Prince Edward Island, finished with a 4-7 round-robin record at the 2005 Scott Tournament of Hearts in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Teams
Draw 1
January 21, 9:00 AM AT
Draw 2
January 21, 2:00 PM AT
Draw 3
January 21, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 4
January 22, 9:00 AM AT
Draw 5
January 22, 2:00 PM AT
A Side Final
January 22, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 6
January 22, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 7
January 25, 11:00 AM AT
Draw 8
January 25, 3:00 PM AT
B Side Final
January 25, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 9
January 25, 7:00 PM AT
Draw 10
January 26, 2:00 PM AT
C Side Final
January 26, 7:00 PM AT
Final
January 27, 10:00 AM AT Not Needed
Team MacPhee won A, B and C finals therefore a championship final was not needed.
References
Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament Of Hearts, 2005
Curling in Prince Edward Island
2005 in Prince Edward Island
Poecilasthena character is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Borneo, Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra.
Adults are white with green fasciation.
References
Moths described in 1932
Poecilasthena
Moths of Asia
David S. Calloway is an American football coach and former player.  They are the head football coach at Central Methodist University in Fayette, Missouri, a position they had held since the 2016 season. Calloway served as the head football coach at Texas A&M University–Kingsville from 2013 to 2014.
Head coaching record
Notes
References
External links
Central Methodist profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Central Methodist Eagles football coaches
Hastings Broncos football coaches
Lane Dragons football coaches
Langston Lions football coaches
Langston Lions football players
Southeastern Oklahoma State Savage Storm football coaches
Texas A&M–Kingsville Javelinas football coaches
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The North Bank Bridge (sometimes North Bank Pedestrian Bridge) is a pedestrian and bicycle path bridge in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It connects the Cambridge portion of North Point Park with Paul Revere Park in nearby Charlestown on the northern side of the Charles River.
Description
The bridge leaves the ground from near the northeast corner of the Cambridge part of North Point Park (other parts of which are within the municipal boundaries of Boston). It crosses the MBTA Commuter Rail tracks leading into North Station, crosses the Millers River, and goes under the highway lanes of the Leverett Connector. It lands on small parcel of mainland on the east side of the Millers River that lies within Cambridge. Here it connects with paths that lead into Paul Revere Park in Charlestown.
History
The state-owned bridge opened in 2012.
References
External links
2012 establishments in Massachusetts
Bridges completed in 2012
Bridges in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Cambridge, Massachusetts
Pedestrian bridges in Massachusetts
Didier Frenay (born 9 April 1966 in Belgium) is a Belgian retired footballer.
References
Belgian footballers
Living people
1966 births
Association football midfielders
Cercle Brugge K.S.V. players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
FC Linz players
AS Cannes players
SK Vorwärts Steyr players
Chencho Dorji (born 1 January 1980 in Mongar) is a former Bhutanese professional footballer and football manager, who last managed Indian club Sudeva Delhi FC in the I-League. Besides Bhutan, they have managed in India.
Managerial career
Dorji completed their C-License coaching course in 2005 when they were still just 25. In the 12 years that they worked with the Bhutan Football Federation (BFF) after that, they enrolled in every programme that they came across, just to learn more about the game. Such was their hunger for footballing knowledge that upon finishing all of BFF's courses, they went to Japan and completed all the coaching courses from there as well. Football in Bhutan benefited from it as they served a number of different age-group teams over the years besides playing an important role in setting up their grassroots system.
Dorji had earlier worked as the head coach of the Bhutan youth national teams and they were always wanting to move to Indian I-League. "The I-League is one of the biggest leagues in South Asia and it has teams that have been playing at such a high level for many years. We have been preparing well and no team should take us lightly. We can certainly come up with surprise results," Dorji said about their move to Sudeva.
Bracing up for their maiden I-League appearance, Sudeva Delhi FC appointed Dorji as the team's head coach ahead of the upcoming season. I-League's newest entrant is the first team from national capital New Delhi.
Dorji is the first Bhutanese coach at the helm of any club in the history of the I-League.
They joined Sudeva's academy in November 2019 and is now the chief tactician of the senior team. Dorji has previously worked at the Bhutan Football Federation for 12 years.
The first club from the national capital to play in the I-League, Sudeva Delhi FC have opted for an all-Indian squad in their first season and the concept was come from Dorji's mind. They said that "The message was always clear that we will go with an all-Indian squad."
Statistics
Managerial statistics
.
References
External links
Chencho Dorji Profile at www.bhutanfootball.org
Chencho Dorji at globalsportsarchive.com
Bhutanese football managers
Living people
1980 births
Bhutanese expatriate sportspeople in India
I-League managers
Sudeva Delhi FC managers
Picardy (; Picard and , , ) is a historical territory and a former administrative region of France. Since 1 January 2016, it has been part of the new region of Hauts-de-France. It is located in the northern part of France.
History
The historical province of Picardy stretched from north of Noyon to Calais via the whole of the Somme department and the north of the Aisne department. The province of Artois (Arras area) separated Picardy from French Flanders.
Middle Ages
From the 5th century, the area formed part of the Frankish Empire and, in the feudal period, it encompassed the six countships of Boulogne, Montreuil, Ponthieu, Amiénois, Vermandois and Laonnois. In accordance with the provisions of the 843 Treaty of Verdun, the region became part of West Francia, the later Kingdom of France.
The name "Picardy" derives from the Old French pic, meaning "pike", the characteristic weapon used by people from this region in ancient times. The term "Picardy" was first used in the early 13th century, during which time the name applied to all lands where the Picard language was spoken including territories from Paris to the Netherlands. In the Latin Quarter of Paris, people identified a "Picard Nation" (Nation Picarde) of students at Sorbonne University, most of whom actually came from Flanders.
During the Hundred Years' War, Picardy was the centre of the Jacquerie peasant revolt in 1358.
Beginning in 1419, the Picardy counties (Boulogne, Ponthieu, Amiens, Vermandois) were gradually acquired by the Burgundian duke Philip the Good, acquisitions confirmed by King Charles VII of France at the 1435 Congress of Arras. In 1477, King Louis XI of France led an army and occupied key towns in Picardy. By the end of 1477, Louis would control all of Picardy and most of Artois.
Modern era
In the 16th century, the government (military region) of Picardy was created. This became a new administrative region of France, separate from what was historically defined as Picardy. The new Picardy included the Somme département, the northern half of the Aisne département and a small fringe in the north of the Oise département.
In 1557, Picardy was invaded by Habsburg forces under the command of Emmanuel Philibert, Duke of Savoy. After a seventeen-day siege, St. Quentin would be ransacked, while Noyon would be burned by the Habsburg army.
In the early 18th century, an infectious disease similar to English sweat originated from the region and spread across France. It was called Suette des picards or Picardy sweat.
Sugar beet was introduced by Napoleon I during the Napoleonic Wars in the 19th century in order to counter the United Kingdom which had seized the sugar islands possessed by France in the Caribbean. The sugar industry has continued to play a prominent role in the economy of the region.
One of the most significant historical events to occur in Picardy was the series of battles fought along the Somme during World War I. From September 1914 to August 1918, four major battles, including the Battle of the Somme, were fought by British, Commonwealth, French and German forces in the fields of Northern Picardy.
Picardy today
In 2009, the Regional Committee for local government reform proposed to reduce the number of French regions and cancel additions of new regions in the near future. Picardy would have disappeared and each department would have joined a nearby region. The Oise would have been incorporated in the Île-de-France, the Somme would have been incorporated in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais and Aisne would have been incorporated in the Champagne-Ardenne. The vast majority of Picards were opposed to this proposal and it was scrapped in 2010 (see newspaper: "Courrier Picard").
Today, the modern region of Picardy no longer includes the coastline from Berck to Calais, via Boulogne (Boulonais), that is now in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region but does incorporate the pays of Beauvaisis, Valois, Noyonnais, Laonnois, Soissonnais, Omois among other departments of France. The older definition of Picardy survives in the name of the Picard language which applies not only to the dialects of Picardy proper but also to the Romance dialects spoken in the Nord-Pas de Calais région, north of Picardy proper, and parts of the Belgian province of Hainaut.
Geography
Between the 1990 and 1999 censuses, the population of Oise increased 0.61% per year, almost twice as fast as France as a whole. Meanwhile the Aisne department lost inhabitants, and the Somme barely grew with a 0.16% growth per year. Today, 41.3% of the population of Picardy live inside the Oise department.
Picardy stretches from the long sand beaches of the Somme estuary in the west to the vast forests and pastures of the Thiérache in the east to Chantilly and Pierrefonds near the Paris Area and vineyards of the border with Champagne to the south.
Administration
The president of the regional council is Claude Gewerc, a Socialist in office since 2004. That year they defeated longtime UDF incumbent Gilles de Robien.
Since 2008, the mayor of the city of Amiens, the regional capital, has been Socialist Gilles Demailly. They defeated longtime mayor Gilles de Robien of the New Centre party.
Language and culture
Historically, the region of Picardy has a strong and proud cultural identity. The Picard (local inhabitants and traditionally speakers of the Picard language) cultural heritage includes some of the most extraordinary Gothic churches (Amiens and Beauvais cathedrals or Saint-Quentin basilica), distinctive local cuisine (including ficelle picarde, flamiche aux poireaux, tarte au maroilles), beer (including from Péronne's de Clercq brewery) and traditional games and sports, such as the longue paume (ancestor of tennis), as well as danses picardes and its own bagpipes, called the pipasso.
The villages of Picardy have a distinct character, with their houses made of red bricks, often accented with a "lace" of white bricks. A minority of people still speak the Picard language, one of the languages of France, which is also spoken in Artois (Nord-Pas de Calais région). "P'tit quinquin", a Picard song, is a symbol of the local culture (and of that of Artois).
Picardy is arguably the birthplace of Gothic architecture, housing six of the world's greatest examples of Gothic cathedrals, which span the history of Gothic architecture in its entirety. Amiens Cathedral, standing as the largest cathedral in Europe, which according to John Ruskin is the "Pantheon of Gothic architecture", could house Notre-Dame de Paris twice over. It was built in as little as 50 years. Picardy also holds the tallest transept in the history of the Gothic period; this transept is located in Saint-Pierre cathedral in Beauvais, Oise.
The Museum of Picardy in Amiens, built between 1855 and 1867, houses a vast array of great works, spanning the centuries and ranging from archaeology from ancient Greece and Egypt to modern works of Pablo Picasso. The museum was closed until the end of 2019 for building work.
Although Picardy is one of the least-known regions in France, its influence from art and most certainly architecture is vivid throughout the world.
Major cities
Abbeville
Amiens
Beauvais
Compiègne
Péronne
Creil
Laon
Saint-Quentin
Soissons
Senlis
In popular culture
The song "Roses of Picardy" is a ballad written in 1916 during World War I. In 1927, the song title was used as the title of the silent British film of the same name.
Picardy is one of the minor characters in the Japanese manga series Hetalia: Axis Powers.
See also
War memorials in the Aisne region of Picardy
War memorials in the Oise region of Picardy
War memorials in the Eastern Somme
War memorials in the Western Somme
Notes
References
External links
Picardy: the other north of France - Official French website
Official regional council website
Picardy, brief guide to the region and attractions
photos from Southern Picardy
Former regions of France
Hauts-de-France
NUTS 2 statistical regions of the European Union
Former provinces of France
The clavecin électrique (or clavessin électrique) was a musical instrument invented in 1759 by Jean-Baptiste Thillaie Delaborde, a French Jesuit priest. It is the earliest surviving electric-powered musical instrument, antedated only by the Denis d'or, which is only known from written accounts.
Delaborde described the instrument in their 1761 publication, Le clavessin électrique. The mechanism was based on a contemporary warning-bell device, and the instrument is essentially an electric carillon. A number of bells, two for each pitch, hang from iron bars along with their clappers (one for each pair). A globe generator charges the prime conductor and the iron bars. The musician presses a key and one of the bells of the corresponding pair is grounded, cut off from the charge source. The clapper then oscillates between the grounded and the charged bells, producing the desired tone.
The somewhat inappropriate choice of the instrument's name was defended by Delaborde, who claimed that it was far superior to a carillon. They also mentioned that during a performance in a dark room, the listener's "eyes are agreeably surprised by the brilliant sparks" that were produced by the instrument. The press and the public admired the innovative machine, but it was not developed further. The model Delaborde themselves built survives, and is kept at the Bibliothèque nationale de France in Paris.
References
Schiffer, Michael; Hollenback, Kasy; and Bell, Carrie. 2003. Draw the Lightning Down: Benjamin Franklin and Electrical Technology In the Age of Enlightenment. University of California Press.
External links
Audio demo and photographs of a contemporary reconstruction of the clavecin électrique
Clavecin électrique at '120 Years of Electronic Music'
Harpsichord
Electronic musical instruments
Electrostatics
French inventions
The Caloris Montes (Latin for "Heat's Mountains") are a range of mountains on Mercury. They are a system of linear hills and valleys that extend more than 1000 km to the northeast from the mountainous rim of Caloris Basin in the Shakespeare quadrangle (H-3). The range consists of numerous rectilinear massifs 1 to 3 km high and about 10 to 50 km long, mostly elongated radially from the center of the basin and separated by hackly-floored, radial troughs and gouge-like structures.
The surfaces of the massifs are hackly. They are best developed along the inner edge of the basin where steep inward-facing scarps are common, grading outward into smaller massifs and blocks. The range marks the crest of most prominent ring structure around Caloris. The type area is the region near 18°, 184.5° (FDS 229). It is thought to be composed of uplifted prebasin bedrock covered by deep-seated late ejecta from Caloris. The inner boundary is approximately the outer limit of crater excavation.
The Caloris Montes are similar to the so-called Imbrium sculpture on the Moon. It is generally believed that this type of lineated surface feature resulted from excavations by secondary projectiles when the large basins were formed and, possibly, fracturing and faulting of the planet's crust during the basin formation. The Caloris Montes are only the innermost formation of the Caloris Group of formations produced by the Caloris Basin impact.
A gap is present in the Caloris Montes toward the southeast; its origin is unknown, but it is somewhat similar to the gap on the east side of the Imbrium Basin, where the mountain ring cuts the edge of the Serenitatis Basin. On Mercury, however, there is no evidence for the presence of a preexisting basin east of Caloris.
References
Extraterrestrial mountains
Surface features of Mercury
The Aycock Birthplace, also known as the Charles B. Aycock Birthplace, is a historic home in Wayne County, North Carolina, and a historic site belonging to the North Carolina Department of Natural and Cultural Resources' Historic Sites division. The property was the location of the birth of Governor Charles Brantley Aycock in 1859, and exhibits at the historic site serve to tell the story of the Governor's political career and the education reforms they enacted while in office. It was built about 1840, and is a one-story weatherboard dwelling on a brick pier foundation. It has a gable roof and exterior end chimneys.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
References
External links
Aycock Birthplace - NC Historic Sites
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1840
Museums in Wayne County, North Carolina
Historic house museums in North Carolina
Museums established in 1970
North Carolina State Historic Sites
Protected areas of Wayne County, North Carolina
1970 establishments in North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Wayne County, North Carolina
Houses in Wayne County, North Carolina
Former state parks of North Carolina
Aycock, Charles B
Governor of North Carolina
Rzhanaya Polyana () is a natural area in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located not far from Krasnaya Polyana.
Home of the Sliding Center Sanki, it hosted bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton events for the 2014 Winter Olympics held in Sochi.
References
Bobsleigh and luge track for Sochi will be built in Rzhanaya Polyana. at the Fédération Internationale de Luge de Course (20 May 2009 article accessed 23 September 2009.)
Venues of the 2014 Winter Olympics
Sochi
Ski areas and resorts in Russia
Adlersky City District
Geography of Russia
John Baird (1795–1858) was born and educated in Graffa, Ireland. They were a son of William Baird and Susan Teel. They were recruited there by the British Army as a teacher.
Early life
They got education at Graffa and later in the town of Monaghan. Then they entered the Seminary for School Masters in County Kildare.
Career
In 1817 the 74th Foot was stationed in the County and their commander, Colonel Sir Robert Trench, visited the seminary in search for the student teachers to join their regiment, which sailed for British North America. Baird agreed and was supposed to serve for seven years as a teacher. They got the pay and rank of a sergeant, and after expiring of their term they would get a crown land.
In 1818 they were stationed in Fredericton, New Brunswick where they would teach the children of the regiment and the poor and black of the area. In 1823 they were released from the army and their family and other disbanded soldiers took up army granted land in the parish of Kent. Bairdsville was founded around this time by relatives of theirs from Ireland. They farmed and taught school there for 2 years, till 1825.
In 1825, Baird became part of Lieutenant Governor George Stracey Smyth's Madras school system which provided education for the poor children of the province. They were one of the pioneer teachers who helped provide an education to the poor at a time when few such opportunities existed.
In February 1836 their wife and two daughters died because of consumption and after their death the members of the Madras School Board expressed some dissatisfaction with the way the school was being operated.
In May 1839 Baird was replaced from their position. In 1841 they left Fredericton and moved to land they had purchased near Tobique. They died there in 1858.
Private life
They got married on March 30, 1817 with Annie Diggin (1798–1836) of Dublin, and they had two sons and two daughters, including William Teel Baird, military officer and author. They married for the second time in 1836, and by that marriage had six children.
References
External links
Highland Light Infantry soldiers
Canadian educators
Colony of New Brunswick people
1795 births
1858 deaths
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation New Brunswick
Ulrika "Ulla" Sofia Adlerfelt, née Sparre af Sundby (21 July 1736 – 1 August 1765), was a Swedish artist (painter) and noble. They were a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts.
They were born in Stockholm, the daughter of Count Axel Sparre af Sundby and Augusta Thörnflycht and married to Baron Carl Adlerfelt. They were the student of Gustaf Lundberg. They drew, and painted in oil. They died in Malmö.
References
Svenskt konstnärslexikon (Swedish Art dictionary). Red. Johnny Roosval & Gösta Lilja. Malmö: Allhems Förlag 1952.
1736 births
1765 deaths
18th-century Swedish women artists
18th-century Swedish painters
Artists from Stockholm
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts
Swedish countesses
Age of Liberty people
Ma'mun al-Hudaybi () (May 28, 1921 – January 8, 2004) was the sixth General Guide of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt. They briefly succeeded Mustafa Mashhur as General Guide in 2002, and headed the Islamist group until their death on January 8, 2004. Their successor was Mohammed Mahdi Akef. Ma'mun al-Hudaybi was the son of the second General Guide, Hassan al-Hudaybi.
Early life and education
They were born in Sohag, in Upper Egypt on May 28, 1921. Their family was originally from ‘Arab al-Sawalha in Qalyubiyya, but moved wherever their father's work as a judge for the Justice Ministry took them.
They received a public education before graduating from the King Fouad University College of Law.
Political Beliefs
Hudaybi is an important figure in Egyptian Islamist politics. In terms of internal political organization, they are reported by historian Fawaz Gerges as believing that "members must show obedience to the senior leadership."
References
1921 births
2004 deaths
Cairo University alumni
Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leaders
People from Sohag Governorate
Nedim Kufi (also known as Nadem al-Kufi), born 1962 in Baghdad), is an Iraqi-Dutch multi disciplinary visual artist.  They are primarily known for conceptual art that explores themes such as war, political conflict, exile, loss, and historical memory. Much of their work contains autobiographical elements.  They are also a graphic designer and printmaker.
Life and career
Kufi was born 1962 in Baghdad, Iraq and spent their early childhood there. They studied at the Bagdhad Institute of Fine Arts, graduating in 1985. They served in the Iraqi military during the Iran–Iraq War, and was deeply affected by the atrocities they witnessed.
They left Iraq in 1990 and settled in the Netherlands in 1994 and studied graphic design there. They now divide their time between the Netherlands and Cairo.
Since 2004, they have published the monthly Daftar, an e-publication that features succinct works by artists and writers.
Work
As with many Iraqi artists now living in exile, Kufi's art explores themes such as war and its aftermath, political conflict, exile, loss, and historical memory. Much of their work contains autobiographical elements.  They are a multi-disciplinary artist, working as a painter, graphic designer and printmaker. They have had more than 20 solo exhibitions, and has been included in scores of group exhibitions that feature leading Iraqi artists of the post-independence period.
Select list of exhibitions
2003 Dafatir: Contemporary Iraqi Book Art curated by Nada Shabout, United States travelling exhibition (group)
2003 Garden Of Eden, The Phatory, New York, USA (Group Show)
2003 Earth and Ink, Gallery 108, Boston, USA (Solo)
2006 Attar in Beirut, Espace SD Gallery, Beirut and Lebanon (Solo)
2006 The Iraqi Equation, (group)
2007 Rasheed street | Mediamatic | ELHEMA| Amsterdam | Netherlands (Group)
2008 Soap & Silence, La Fountain Gallery, Bahrain (Solo)
2008–2009 Iraqi Artists in Exile, [With 14 other notable Iraqi artists including Shakir Hasan Al Said, Dia Azzawi] and Hanaa Malallah; curated by Alan Schnitger, Station Museum of Contemporary Art, Houston, 1 November 2008 – 1 February 2009
Select list of artworks
Horse, manipulated digital print, 2008
Empty, manipulated digital print, 2008
See also
Culture of Iraq
Islamic art
List of graphic designers
List of Iraqi artists
List of Iraqi women artists
References
1962 births
Living people
20th-century Dutch painters
20th-century Iraqi painters
Abstract painters
Artists from Baghdad
Expressionist painters
Dutch graphic designers
Iraqi graphic designers
Iraqi ceramists
Iraqi contemporary artists
Dutch people of Iraqi descent
21st-century ceramists
Danderesso is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 1,645 square kilometers and includes the town and 30 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 41,723. The town of Danderesso, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 28 km northeast of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
In most styles of wrestling, opponents are matched based on weight class.
Olympic and international weight classes
In international competition, men's freestyle wrestling, men's Greco-Roman wrestling, and female wrestling utilize following weight classes as of 2018:
Men's freestyle wrestling
53 kg (115 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
57 kg (125 lbs)
61 kg (134 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
65 kg (143 lbs)
70 kg (154 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
74 kg (163 lbs)
79 kg (174 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
86 kg (190 lbs)
92 kg (203 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
97 kg (214 lbs)
125 kg (276 lbs)
Men's Greco-Roman wrestling
55 kg (121 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
60 kg (132 lbs)
63 kg (139 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
67 kg (148 lbs)
72 kg (159 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
77 kg (170 lbs)
82 kg (181 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
87 kg (192 lbs)
97 kg (214 lbs)
130 kg (287 lbs)
Women's wrestling
50 kg (110 lbs)
53 kg (117 lbs)
55 kg (121 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
57 kg (126 lbs)
59 kg (130 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
62 kg (137 lbs)
65 kg (143. lbs) (non-Olympic class)
68 kg (150 lbs)
72 kg (159 lbs) (non-Olympic class)
76 kg (168 lbs)
International youth weight classes
For men's freestyle and Greco-Roman wrestling
As of 2019, international freestyle wrestling and Greco-Roman wrestling for male youths are divided into three age categories: U15, cadets, and juniors.
U15 (male youths aged 14–15, as well as male youths at age 13 with a medical certificate and parental authorization) compete in freestyle and/or Greco-Roman wrestling in the following 10 weight classes:
34–38 kg (75-84 lbs)
41 kg (90 lbs)
44 kg (97 lbs)
48 kg (106 lbs)
52 kg (115 lbs)
57 kg (126 lbs)
62 kg (137 lbs)
68 kg (150 lbs)
75 kg (165 lbs)
85 kg (187 lbs)
Cadets (male youths aged 16–17, as well as male youths at age 15 with a medical certificate and parental authorization) compete in freestyle wrestling and/or Greco-Roman wrestling in the following 10 weight classes:
41 to 45 kg (90 to 99 lbs)
48 kg (106 lbs)
51 kg (112 lbs)
55 kg (121 lbs)
60 kg (132 lbs)
65 kg (143 lbs)
71 kg (157 lbs)
80 kg (176 lbs)
92 kg (203 lbs)
110 kg (243 lbs)
Juniors (men aged 18 to 20, as well as male youths at age 17 with a medical certificate and parental authorization) compete in freestyle wrestling and/or Greco-Roman wrestling in the following weight classes:
57 kg (126 lbs)
61 kg (134 lbs)
65 kg (143 lbs)
70 kg (154 lbs)
74 kg (163 lbs)
79 kg (174 lbs)
86 kg (190 lbs)
92 kg (203 lbs)
97 kg (214 lbs)
125 kg (276 lbs)
Juniors over the age of 18 are allowed to participate in senior competitions with a medical certificate.
For women's freestyle wrestling
As of 2019, female youth compete in freestyle wrestling on an international level in one of four age categories: U15, cadets, and juniors.
U15 (female youths aged 14–15, and female youths at age 13 with a medical certificate and parental authorization) compete in freestyle wrestling in the following 10 weight classes:
29 to 33 kg (64 to 73 lbs)
36 kg (79 lbs)
39 kg (86 lbs)
42 kg (93 lbs)
46 kg (101 lbs)
50 kg (110 lbs)
54 kg (119 lbs)
58 kg (128 lbs)
62 kg (137 lbs)
66 kg (146 lbs)
Cadets (female youths aged 16–17, and female youths at age 15 with a medical certificate and parental authorization) compete in freestyle wrestling in the following 10 weight classes:
36 to 40 kg (79 to 88 lbs)
43 kg (95 lbs)
46 kg (101 lbs)
49 kg (108 lbs)
53 kg (117 lbs)
57 kg (126 lbs)
61 kg (134 lbs)
65 kg (143 lbs)
69 kg (152 lbs)
73 kg (161 lbs)
Juniors (female youths aged 18 to 20, and female youths at age 17 with a medical certificate and parental authorization) compete in freestyle wrestling in the following eight weight classes:
50 kg (110 lbs)
53 kg (117 lbs)
55 kg (121 lbs)
57 kg (126 lbs)
59 kg (130 lbs)
62 kg (137 lbs)
65 kg (143. lbs)
68 kg (150 lbs)
72 kg (159 lbs)
76 kg (168 lbs)
Scholastic weight classes in the United States
Elementary school
Elementary school students competing in wrestling have multiple ways weight classes are determined.
"Madison system" - This is a popular tournament format where there are no weight classes and the tournament director pairs wrestlers into brackets (usually 8 or 16 man) based on weight at weigh-ins. This is a popular method because it discourages "weight cutting" in young athletes.
Division-based system - In this system, the tournament director separates athletes by age (ex: Grade 2 and under, Grade 4 and under, and Grade 6 and under), and by weight class. Weight class and division is at the tournament director's discretion.
Pure-weight based system - In this system, the athletes are not divided by age but rather just by weight class. This is rarely used because it pairs younger, less experienced athletes with older, more experienced athletes.
Middle school
Wrestling weight classes for middle (junior high) school in the United States vary from state to state and are not regulated by the NFHS. The weight classes regulated by the OHSAA are the following:
80 lbs
86 lbs
92 lbs
98 lbs
104 lbs
110 lbs
116 lbs
122 lbs
128 lbs
134 lbs
142 lbs
150 lbs
160 lbs
172 lbs
205 lbs
245 lbs
High school
High school students in the United States competing in scholastic wrestling do so in the following 14 weight classes set by the National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS):
106 lbs
113 lbs
120 lbs
126 lbs
132 lbs
138 lbs
145 lbs
152 lbs
160 lbs
170 lbs
182 lbs
195 lbs
220 lbs
285 lbs
Heavyweight class was unlimited before 1988–89; capped at 275 lb (~125 kg) from 1988 to 1989 through 2005–06.
Other states have additional or modified weight classes, such as:
99 lbs (in the state of New York;)
98 lbs (in the state of Montana;)
105 lbs (in place of the 103 lbs weight class) in Montana.
144, 150, 157, 165, 175, 190, and 215 lbs (in place of 145, 152, 160, 170, 195, and 220 lbs weight classes) in New Jersey.
172, 189 and 215 lbs (in place of the 170, 182, 195 and 220 lbs weight classes) in Pennsylvania.
103, 112, 119, 125, 130, 135, 140, 145, 152, 160, 171, 189, 215 and 285 are the weight classes used in Michigan.
Collegiate weight classes in the United States
College and university students in the United States competing in collegiate wrestling do so in the following 10 weight classes set by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA):
125 lb
133 lb
141 lb
149 lb
157 lb
165 lb
174 lb
184 lb
197 lb
Heavyweight (183 lb to 285 lb)
Also:
235 lb (Only the National Collegiate Wrestling Association (NCWA), which governs institutions outside of the NCAA, NAIA, and NJCAA, currently allows this weight class, which ranges from 174 lb to 235 lb.)
The NCWA has also approved the following eight weight classes for its women's division, which uses collegiate rules instead of the freestyle ruleset used in NCAA-recognized women's wrestling:
105 lb
112 lb
121 lb
130 lb
139 lb
148 lb
159 lb
200 lb
Women's college wrestling is also governed by the Women's Collegiate Wrestling Association (WCWA), an arm of the National Wrestling Coaches Association. The WCWA uses freestyle rules instead of collegiate rules. Freestyle wrestling became an NCAA-recognized sport as part of the Emerging Sports for Women program in 2020–21. The WCWA currently has 10 weight classes:
101 lb
109 lb
116 lb
123 lb
130 lb
136 lb
143 lb
155 lb
170 lb
191 lb
See also
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu weight classes
Boxing weight classes
Kickboxing weight classes
Mixed martial arts weight classes
Taekwondo weight classes
Professional wrestling weight classes
References
External links
www.fila-wrestling.com
www.nfhs.org wrestling rules changes 2006
Amateur wrestling
USS Laysan Island (ARST-1) was a of the United States Navy. They were converted from a Landing Ship, Tank in December 1944 and conducted salvage operations in Manila Bay. Laysan Island was decommissioned in 1947 and mothballed, struck 1973 and sold for scrap in 1994.
Service history
They were laid down on 6 December 1944 as LST-1098 at the Jeffersonville Boat & Machine Company in Jeffersonville, Indiana. They were named Laysan Island on 23 December 1944 and commissioned on 5 June 1945.
After a monthlong shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, they departed Galveston on 17 July for the Pacific. Laysan Island transited the Panama Canal on 25 July and arrived in Manila Bay on 6 September 1945. For the next sven months, they operated out of Manila Bay. assisting in salvage operations there.
Laysan Island offloaded salvage equipment at Calicoan Island in early April 1946, then steamed to Seattle on 29 May. They remained there until 8 October and departed for San Pedro on 8 October. Serving at San Pedro until 18 April 1947, they were towed to San Diego and decommissioned on 21 April 1947. They were laid up in the Pacific Reserve Fleet, struck 1 June 1973 and sold for scrapping twenty years later by the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Office.
References
1945 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Jeffersonville, Indiana
Laysan Island class salvage craft tenders
Dialakoro may refer to:
Dialakoro, Burkina Faso
Dialakoro, Côte d'Ivoire
Dialakoro, Faranah, Guinea
Dialakoro, Kankan, Guinea
Dialakoro, Mali
Platt Fields Park is a large public park in Fallowfield, Manchester, England which is home to Platt Hall. Fallowfield lies to the south and Wilmslow Road runs along its eastern edge.
Description
The centrepiece of the park is a large pleasure pond, which is used for boating and fishing. The pond has an island sanctuary in the middle, as well as a pondside visitors' centre and a boathouse. The park also contains part of Gore Brook and part of the Nico (Mickle) Ditch.
There are gardens of different kinds, including community orchard gardens, which contain ferns, roses and heathers. There is also an educational garden and an environmental area, as well as Elizabeth II Jubilee gardens and an Eco Arts garden near to the boating pond. There is a Shakespearean garden located in the Ashfield part of the park in the south-east corner that was designed to have only plants mentioned in Shakespeare's works. The Ashfield area also has an arch from the nave of Manchester Cathedral, which was previously located at Manley Hall, Manchester for a time. Ashfield was added to the park at a later date: it was formerly the site of Ashfield House and was donated to the city by Edward Donner.
In 2002 the Queen Elizabeth Coronation fountain was moved to Platt Fields. It had originally stood at the centre of Piccadilly Gardens in Manchester City Centre, where it had been installed to mark the occasion of the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953. The fountain can be seen in L. S. Lowry's 1954 oil painting Piccadilly Gardens in its original position in the sunken garden.
There is a labyrinth and picnic area, a Veterans' pavilion and a pair of children's playgrounds. One playground is for toddlers up to age 5, with the other for kids up to the age of 9. Both are located near to the Lakeside Centre. Sports facilities include a pair of bowling greens and courts for basketball, five-a-side, roller hockey, tennis, as well as a mini soccer pitch, cycle pathways and a skate park. A new BMX track was completed at the South end of the park in the summer of 2008.
The old boathouse is now the location of Platt Fields Bike Hub, a community project involved in bicycle repairs, bike hire and other cycling-oriented projects activities.
There are three dedicated show fields in the park, which have the infrastructure to host large and small scale national and local events. Events hosted in the park have included the Manchester Mela and Eid Festival, as well as annual fireworks and bonfire displays. Until 2003 the site hosted the Manchester Flower Show. Facilities-wise, the site has a car park with disabled parking and toilets. The site also has a park office.
Over 40 languages are spoken in and among the diverse communities that live around and share the park.
Friends of Platt Fields Park
The Friends of Platt Fields Park is a voluntary organisation and a registered charity dedicated to maintaining and promoting Platt Fields Park.
Platt Hall
Platt Hall was the home of the Worsley family for 300 years. The current hall, a listed Georgian building, was built by John and Deborah Carill-Worsley to the designs of Carr of York, later moderated by Timothy Lightoler, in 1746 at a cost of £10,000. It replaced a timbered black and white building that had been the home of Charles Worsley, one of Cromwell's lieutenants and Major General for Lancashire, Cheshire and Derbyshire during the interregnum.
Former Gallery of Costume
Between 1947 and 2021 Platt Hall was home to the Gallery of Costume. It originated as the Cecil Willett Cunnington clothes collection and the display spanned the era from the 17th. century to the present day. The collection is owned by the Manchester Art Gallery, and from 2021 it was removed from Platt Hall and put into storage, prior to being relocated in a new space at the main gallery on Mosley Street. The future use of Platt Hall is uncertain as it is currently being "re-imagined".
Platt Chapel
The chapel is on Wilmslow Road south of Grangethorpe Road; the present structure is a rebuilding of 1790, then modified in 1874–75. It was a family chapel of the Worsleys of Platt Hall built in 1699, and was constructed for Henry Finch, who had lost the use of the Birch Chapel where they had been installed by the Parliamentarian office Thomas Birch in 1672. The congregation began as Independents (Congregationalists) and became Unitarian during the early 19th century. The ministers succeeding Finch were Robert Hesketh, John Whitaker, Robert Andrews, John Houghton, Richard Meanley, George Checkley (1797-1807), Joseph Lawton Siddall, William Whitelegge (1810–1865), Samuel Alfred Steinthal, and Charles Thomas Poynting.
Since it ceased to be used for worship in 1970 it has been used by various local societies (since 1977). The graveyard, which used to be larger, is surrounded by Platt Fields Park.
History
The first known mention of the area is from 1150, at which time the "lands of Platt" were given to the Knights of St John by "Matthew, Son of William". Gore Brook is mentioned as being present at the time. The Platt family obtained the estate in 1225, and owned the land for the next 400 years. In 1625 it passed to the Worsley family, and was then a country park bordering on the Cheshire Plain, and called the Platt Hall Estate. The park was landscaped by William Emes in 1768. The Worsley family owned the estate until 1907.
By the early twentieth century, the site was a country park with a mansion, though the estate was gradually surrounded by ever-increasing housing, causing Elizabeth Tindal-Carill-Worsley to put the estate on the market in 1907. It soon became apparent that the park was at grave risk of being sold for development and there was even mention of tearing down the Hall and using the bricks for housing. William Royle was prominent in mobilising support for the corporation to purchase the estate in order to save the park and house for future generations. This led to the Lord Mayor of Manchester calling a town meeting, at which it was decided to purchase the estate for public parkland, leading to its purchase in 1908 at a cost of £59,975.
During a time of high unemployment during the winter of 1908 and 1909, over 700 men relaid the park, including planting banks with shrubs and trees, diverting the Gore Brook and creating a lake and island covering just over . Local legend speaks of a tunnel running from the boathouse, underneath the lake (only a few feet deep) to somewhere on the island, though this was, in fact, never true. Access to the island was only ever possible by boat. The park, named Platt Fields Park, was formally opened on 7 May 1910 by the Lord Mayor of Manchester, Sir Charles Behrens. The Main Lake was provided with a large boathouse and wood covered slipway. It housed not only a fleet of large, clinker-built rowing boats and skiffs but also a fine motor launch, the Archie Littlemore, which gave rides during the summer months. 'Twice Around the Island'. At some point over the following five years, a half-acre, kidney-shaped paddling pool was constructed, on the Hart Road side of the main lake. On the side of the paddling pool away from the Main Lake, two further model boating lakes were constructed. The largest was the home of Platt Fields Model Yacht Club, which had a large, veranda fronted boathouse adjacent to the lake. Alongside was the children's boating lake. This shallow, circular lake was constructed entirely above ground, with raised concrete sides. This meant that children could safely sail, without any danger of falling in. Moving away from the model lakes, towards the Hart Road entrance, the long, narrow field on the right-hand side of the path was home to the local model engineering society, which installed a triple gauge track for large model railway vehicles, including 'live steam' locomotives. The track was raised above the ground on concrete pylons, drivers and passengers riding astride the track. In the centre of the circuit of track stood a wooden clubhouse. Moving on from this point, anti-clockwise around the main lake brought you to the Platt Fields Lido. A 25 yard long, open-air swimming pool, with changing facilities. The plunge depth was 3 to 6 feet. In later years the Lido was closed, the plunge filled with soil and surrounded by a fence. This became a rabbit warren, the centrepiece of a Pet's Corner. The changing and ancillary buildings were converted into cages for small animals and birds. In later years, all traces of the former Lido have been removed and the area landscaped. The park was used for a variety of sports, including tennis, football, bowling and cricket. More work was carried out during another time of high unemployment, between 1919 and 1925, when the park and playing fields were levelled, and bowling greens and tennis courts were constructed. Beside the path which leads from the corner of the Main Lake, towards Platt Hall, a large circular amphitheatre was sunk into the ground. At its centre, a stage, with covered bandstand, was surrounded by terraced seating. No trace of this installation remains today, unless you consult an aerial photograph. The position of the amphitheatre is now clearly delineated by a ring of trees which have grown up around the buried structure. A Speakers' Corner was once located near to the adjacent Holy Trinity Platt Church.
The park had a tennis pavilion, which was built in 1926, but was demolished in January 2006 after being empty for several years while waiting to be converted for use by disabled children by the Social Services Department. The park also used to have a Pets Corner and Animal Park, as well as a children's playground, a cafe, and rose gardens and herbaceous borders. Part of pets corner was actually set in a rectangular sunken area. This area was originally the open air swimming pool.
In 1980, with both model boating lakes long removed, two brothers, Stuart and Paul Yearsley, who had known the park since childhood, decided to see if it might be possible to reintroduce model boating to Platt Fields. They contacted the authorities, seeking permission to hold an exploratory regatta. Provisional permission was granted, on the conditions that those attending be well behaved, kept the park tidy and created no disturbance to the local residents. And so, following an inaugural meeting at the nearby Methodist Church, The Platt Fields (silent) Model Boat Club was born and an enormously successful event held. Catering for all classes of model electric, steam and sailing boats, the club, now renamed South Manchester Model Boat Club, continues to meet at the lake on Sunday mornings and is a major attraction to the park.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Listed buildings in Manchester-M14
Appleby Lodge, opposite Platt Fields on Wilmslow Road
References
External links
Rusholme Archive
Parks and commons in Manchester
Grade II* listed buildings in Manchester
Historic house museums in Greater Manchester
Splitting aces and eights is part of blackjack basic strategy. Rules vary across gambling establishments regarding resplitting, doubling, multiple card draws, and the payout for blackjack, and there are conditional strategic responses that depend upon the number of decks used, the frequency of shuffling and dealer's cards. However, regardless of the various situations, the common strategic wisdom in the blackjack community is to "Always split aces and eights" when dealt either pair as initial cards. This is generally the first rule of any splitting strategy.
Splitting
The object of blackjack is for a player to defeat the dealer by obtaining a total as close to 21 as possible without accumulating a total that exceeds this number. In blackjack, the standard rule is that if the player is dealt a pair of identically ranked initial cards, known as a pair, the player is allowed to split them into separate hands and ask for a new second card for each while placing a full initial bet identical to the original wager with each. After placing the wager for the split hands the dealer gives the player an additional card for each split card. The two hands created by splitting are considered independently in competition against the dealer. Splitting allows the gambler to turn a bad hand into one or two hands with a good possibility of winning. It also allows the player to double the bet when the dealer busts. Some rules even allow for resplitting until the player has as many as four hands or allow doubling the bet after a split so that each hand has a bet double the original. The standard rules are that when a bet is doubled on a hand, the player is only allowed to draw one more card for that hand.
Aces
A pair of aces gives the blackjack player a starting hand value of either a 2 or a soft 12 which is a problematic starting hand in either case. Splitting aces gives a player two chances to hit 21. Splitting aces is so favorable to the player that most gambling establishments have rules limiting the player's rights to do so. In most casinos the player is only allowed to draw one card on each split ace. As a general rule, a ten on a split ace (or vice versa) is not considered a natural blackjack and does not get any bonus. Prohibiting resplitting and redoubling is also common. Regardless of the payout for blackjack, the rules for resplitting, the rules for doubling, the rules for multiple card draws and the dealer's cards, one should always split aces.
Eights
If a player is dealt a pair of eights, the total of 16 is considered a troublesome hand. In fact, the value 16 is said to be the worst hand one can have in blackjack. Since sixteen of the other fifty cards have a value of 10 and four have a value of 11, there is a strong chance of getting at least an 18 with either or both split cards. A hand totaling 18 or 19 is much stronger than having a 16. Splitting eights limits one's losses and improves one's hand. Probabilistic research of expected value scenarios shows that by splitting eights one can convert a hand that presents an expected loss to two hands that may present an expected profit or a reduced loss, depending on what the dealer is showing. A split pair of eights is expected to win against dealer upcards of 2 through 7 and to lose less against dealer upcards of 8 through ace. If a player hits on a pair of eights, they are expected to lose $52 for a $100 bet. If the player splits the eights, they are expected to lose only $43 for a $100 bet.
History
Blackjack's "Four Horsemen" (Roger Baldwin, Wilbert Cantey, Herbert Maisel and James McDermott), using adding machines, determined that splitting eights was less costly than playing the pair of eights as a 16. They were part of a 1950s group that discovered that strategy could reduce the house edge to almost zero in blackjack. Now a typical strategy involves the following sequence of playing decisions: one decides whether to surrender, whether to split, whether to double down, and whether to hit or stand.
One of the earliest proponents of the strategy of splitting eights is Ed Thorp, who developed the strategy on an IBM 704 as part of an overall blackjack strategic theory published in Beat the Dealer: A Winning Strategy for the Game of Twenty-One in 1962. Thorp was the originator of the card counting system for blackjack.
Notes
References
Blackjack
Card game terminology
Stephanie Chiocci (; born 6 December 1988) is an Australian rule footballer playing for the Collingwood Football Club in the AFL Women's (AFLW). They have served as Collingwood captain since the competition's inaugural season in 2017, and has served as co-captain alongside Brianna Davey since the 2021 season.
Early life and state league football
Chiocci grew up in Eltham, a suburb in Melbourne's north-east, and is of Italian descent. They attended high school at Catholic Ladies' College in Eltham.
Chiocci played state league football for Diamond Creek in the Victorian Women's Football League (VWFL) and VFL Women's (VFLW) from 2006 to 2017. They were a member of the Creekers North East division premiership team in 2006 and won the club's best and fairest award that same season. That season, they also received the leagues' best first year player award. They repeated the result in 2012, with a second premiership and second club best and fairest. They kicked three goals in the winning grand final. Chiocci placed second in the league's best and fairest award at the conclusion of the 2009 season.
They have captained the club since the 2014 season.
In 2010, Chiocci was one of forty players to participate in the women's AFL high-performance camp. As part of the program, they played in a curtain-raiser exhibition match ahead of the round 12, 2010 AFL match between and .
Chiocci was selected by the with the club's first selection and number two overall in the 2013 women's AFL exhibition game draft. They later played in the first women's exhibition match in June 2013. They were retained by the club and played in exhibition matches in each year through to the end of 2016. They captained the side in 2015 and 2016 including in the women's all-star match in September 2016.
Chiocci participated in AFL Victoria's female academy in 2015 and 2016, a program intending to lift the performances of some of the state's best female footballers.
Chiocci is a three-time senior All-Australian, winning the honours in consecutive AFL Women's National Championships in 2009, 2011 and 2013.
AFL Women's career
Chiocci was drafted by with the club's second selection and eleventh overall in the 2016 AFL Women's draft. They were named the club's inaugural AFL Women's captain in January 2017. Chiocci played in all seven games of the 2017 season.
In May 2017, Collingwood signed them for the 2018 season. They played in the first five matches of the season, before they were suspended for making forceful head-high contact with defender Libby Birch in round 5. They were suspended for two matches, ending their season after playing five matches. In May 2018, Chiocci was re-signed by Collingwood for the 2019 season.
Collingwood signed Chiocci for the 2020 season during the trade and sign period in April 2019.
In December 2020, it was announced that Chiocci would captain Collingwood for a fifth consecutive season in 2021, and that vice-captain and former captain Brianna Davey would join them as co-captain.
After playing in the opening round of the 2022 season, Chiocci was a late withdrawal from Collingwood's win over with an Achilles injury, before returning in round 4 against . They were left out again in round 6 to manage the same injury, before returning in round 8 against the Western Bulldogs.
Statistics
Updated to the end of the 2022 season.
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| 2017 || || 17
| 7 || 1 || 2 || 50 || 18 || 68 || 9 || 21 || 0.1 || 0.3 || 7.1 || 2.6 || 9.7 || 1.3 || 3.0 || 5
|-
| 2018 || || 17
| 5 || 2 || 1 || 42 || 28 || 70 || 7 || 21 || 0.4 || 0.2 || 8.4 || 5.6 || 14.0 || 1.4 || 4.2 || 3
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| 2019 || || 17
| 7 || 1 || 3 || 51 || 22 || 73 || 20 || 21 || 0.1 || 0.4 || 7.3 || 3.1 || 10.4 || 2.9 || 3.0 || 3
|-
| 2020 || || 17
| 7 || 1 || 0 || 59 || 50 || 109 || 25 || 22 || 0.1 || 0.0 || 8.4 || 7.1 || 15.6 || 3.6 || 3.1 || 3
|- style=background:#EAEAEA
| 2021 || || 17
| 11 || 0 || 3 || 79 || 67 || 146 || 32 || 36 || 0.0 || 0.3 || 7.2 || 6.1 || 13.3 || 2.9 || 3.3 || 0
|-
| 2022 || || 17
| 7 || 1 || 2 || 46 || 45 || 91 || 18 || 19 || 0.1 || 0.3 || 6.6 || 6.4 || 13.0 || 2.6 || 2.7 || 0
|- class=sortbottom
! colspan=3 | Career
! 44 !! 6 !! 11 !! 327 !! 230 !! 557 !! 111 !! 140 !! 0.1 !! 0.3 !! 7.4 !! 5.2 !! 12.7 !! 2.5 !! 3.2 !! 14
|}
Personal life
Off-field, Chiocci works as a teacher at Parkdale Secondary College in Melbourne's south-east.
Honours and achievements
Collingwood captain: 2017–present (co-captain 2021–present)
Victoria representative honours in AFL Women's State of Origin: 2017
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Collingwood Football Club (AFLW) players
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
Australian schoolteachers
Victorian Women's Football League players
Treacherous may refer to:
The Treacherous, a 2015 Korean film
Treacherous, a 1993 film starring Tia Carrere and Adam Baldwin
"Treacherous", a song from the 1988 album Smoke Some Kill by rapper Schoolly D
"Treacherous" (Taylor Swift song), from the album Red
See also
Alvin the Treacherous, a villain in the How to Train Your Dragon novel series
Belleoram () is a village on the shores of Fortune Bay in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The community sits on a narrow strip of land hemmed in between the bay and steep hills that rise behind it. Belleoram has a large harbour and shelter from the sea, with the protection of a natural breakwater.
History
Belleoram, a fishing community, had a fish plant which closed in 1989. Aquaculture and fish farming are important economic drivers.
Belleoram dates back to 1774. The French used the area and called it "Bande de Laurier." By 1713, the Treaty of Utrecht had forced the French to leave. In 1718, Captain Tavenor sailed around the south of Newfoundland and called it "Belorme's Place." In the 17th century, a French adventurer wintered there for 20 years, and they were the first to name the community Belleoram.
A Dorchester man named Parsons, is said to be the first English settler in Belleoram, followed by another Dorchester man named John Cluett. Other people came from the west of England as servants to the early planters.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Belleoram had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Attractions
The Anglican Church in Belleoram, locally known as the "Cathedral of the South Coast" was built in 1891 and consecrated as St. Lawrence Church in 1901. The Church is representative of Gothic architecture, a style of architecture developed in Western Europe between the 12th and 16th centuries.
Visitors can see the John Cluett Heritage House which was built about 1844 and is best described as a "saltbox," one of the simplest forms of architecture and common amongst early settlers. The Cluett House, which is over 150 years old, is constructed mainly of original timber. Also, they can attend the Ironskull Folk Festival, which is an annual event held the third weekend of July every year. The festival showcases the area's musical talent and is a collaboration among many Newfoundland artists. The Ironskull Festival takes its name from the mountain located across the harbour. A trail provides visitors with the opportunity to hike to the summit and view the surrounding coastline.
See also
Frances Cluett
Newfoundland outport
Simani
References
Populated coastal places in Canada
Towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
Fishing communities in Canada
Common names: Shaba bush viper,Spawls S, Branch B. 1995. The Dangerous Snakes of Africa. Ralph Curtis Books. Dubai: Oriental Press. 192 pp. . Katanga Mountain bush viper, more.
Atheris katangensis is a venomous viper species found in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and in Zambia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description
It attains a maximum total length (body + tail) of only , making this the smallest member of the genus Atheris.
The head is flat, triangular, distinct from the neck, and covered with small keeled scales. The snout is rounded. Midbody there are 24–31 rows of dorsal scales. The tail is short. Males and females have 45–59 and 38–42 subcaudal scales respectively.
The color pattern consists of a purple-brown or yellow-brown ground color, overlaid with paired dorsolateral lines of a contrasting shade. These lines may break into a zigzag pattern and run from head to tail. The belly is yellowish, as is the tip of the tail.
Common names
Shaba bush viper, Katanga Mountain bush viper, Upemba bush viper, Katanga bush viper, Katanga tree viper.
Geographic range
It is found in the Upemba National Park, Katanga Province (Shaba Province) in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and in Zambia.
The type locality given is "Mubale-Munte (région du confluent), sous-affluent de la rive droite de la Lufira [alt. 1480], Park National de l'Upemba".
Habitat
Gallery forest along rivers at altitudes between 1,200 and 1,500 meters (about 4,000–5,000 ft).
References
Further reading
de Witte G-F. 1953. Exploration du Parc National de l'Upemba. Mission G.F. de Witte en collaboration avec W. Adam, A. Janssens, L. van Meel et R. Verheyen (1946–1949). Fascicule 6: Reptiles. Brussels: Institut des Parcs Nationaux du Congo Belge. 322 pp. + 111 figures, 38 plates, 3 color plates, 1 map. (Atheris katangensis, p. 301).
katangensis
Snakes of Africa
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Reptiles of Zambia
Reptiles described in 1953
Taxa named by Gaston-François de Witte
The Citânia de Briteiros is an archaeological site of the Castro culture located in the Portuguese civil parish of Briteiros São Salvador e Briteiros Santa Leocádia in the municipality of Guimarães; important for its size, "urban" form and developed architecture, it is one of the more excavated sites in northwestern Iberian Peninsula. Although primarily known as the remains of an Iron Age proto-urban hill fort (or oppidum), the excavations at the site have revealed evidence of sequential settlement, extending from the Bronze to Middle Ages.
History
The site was probably constructed between the first and second century BCE. Notes by Martins Sarmento and from recent explorations show that the Monte de São Romão was a favoured location for rock art engravings of the Atlantic Bronze Age, in the beginning of the first millennium BCE; it is not known when or why this first group left. Numerous early engraved rock surfaces were destroyed when many boulders were cut to build the ramparts and family compounds as the Castro settlement grew. Little is known of the beginnings of the Castro occupation, as no structures from the late Bronze Age have been found. Pottery from the early Iron Age has been found, when the settlement would already have been fortified. The majority of the ruins visible today have been dated from the second Iron Age, especially the last two centuries BCE.
The Castro inhabitants are believed to have been Celtic. Approximately half the pre-Latin toponyms of Gallaecia were Celtic, while the rest were either non Celtic western Indo-European, or mixed toponyms containing Celtic and non-Celtic elements.
Sometime in the first century AD the settlement was occupied by Roman settlers. Expansion of the Roman Empire into the region has left evidence in the oppidum at Briteiros, in the form of coins (those of Augustus and Tiberius are the most numerous found, with smaller numbers of coins of the Republic, and the Flavians and the Antonines) ranging from the 1st century BCE to the 2nd century CE. A small number of amphorae and red pottery pieces have been found, and there is some evidence of Romanization in the architecture of the alleys and buildings of the eastern slope, but overall the visible impact of Roman occupiers is not strong. The reduced number of later coin and pottery finds suggests that occupation of the oppidum was declining from the 1st century CE, resulting in the 2nd century with very few people living within the ramparts. Evidence shows that there was a transitory reoccupation in the High Middle Ages, which included the building of a medieval chapel and graveyard on the acropolis.
The site has been studied extensively since 1874, with the first excavations beginning in 1875, when the Portuguese archaeologist Francisco Martins Sarmento began annual excavation campaigns while helping to develop methods of archaeological research and preservation in Portugal. Sarmento's campaigns led to the discovery of much of the ruins of the acropolis (the highest portion of the settlement), and they reconstructed a pair of dwellings on the site from their research. Continuing discoveries during the first decades of work led Martins Sarmento to purchase the land on which the settlement lay, which was regularly continued by the Sociedade Martins Sarmento. The land and Martins Sarmento's research materials were bequeathed to the Society. From the 1930s through the 1960s, new excavations were carried out by the Society, supervised by Mário Cardozo, which led to the discovery of large parts of the settlement on the eastern slope and additional portions of the acropolis. Further surveys were made in the 1970s (in the north-eastern section), and in 2002, 2005 and 2006.
The site was classified and protected by IPPAR as a Portuguese National Monument in 1910.
As research methods developed over the 19th and 20th centuries, the successive excavations at the Briteiros site adapted to evolving concepts, and gaps remain in the scientific knowledge of the site. In 2004 a project was initiated under the responsibility of Minho University with the collaboration of the Martins Sarmento Society to integrate the past studies and improve the conservation of the site.
Beginning in 1956, the excavations took on a new character, as archaeological objects began being collected from the site, a process that continued in digs in 1958 to 1961, 1964 and 1968. In 1962, the archaeological work was carried out by the Serviços de Conservação (Conservation Services).
In 1974 and 1977, there were works to conserve and clean the area, including various larger projects. Between 1977 and 1978, archaeological interventions were handled by a team that included Armando Coelho Ferreira da Silva and Rui Centeno, from the Faculty of Letters of the University of Porto.
Following excavations and surveys by archaeologist Francisco Sande Lemos, the Sociedade Martins Sarmento (UAM) proposed (in 2006) the creation of a proto-history biological estate, as a form of interpretative centre, alongside the site, to revitalize the location. Strata were discovered during this time that indicated a human occupation before the reorganization of the urban space. Between October and November, a secondary baths near the national E.N.306 roadway.
Architecture
The site is situated on a small promontory called Monte de São Romão between the civil parishes of Salvador de Briteiros and Donim, about northwest of Guimarães. Situated over the Ave River, the site offers an extensive view over the river and its valley, and over an early north-south trade and communication between the Douro and Minho river valleys. The moderate elevation of the site, the temperate and humid climate and the nearby river also provided rich natural resources for exploitation and settlement. The Briteiros site is called a citânia or cividade (from Latin civitas, for city), due to its large size and city-like structure; other examples from the region and period include the Citânia de Sanfins and Cividade de Terroso.
The visible ruins of the walled village or hill fort includes a plan of great dimensions with four lines of walls and approximately oval shape. The main platform covers area of 24 hectares, following along two principal axes. The defensive ramparts include a partially maintained fourth line to the north and a pair of moats. The preserved walls measure thick and less than high; a portion of the wall was restored by Martins Sarmento that measures almost high. The walls were built using irregular dry stone masonry methods, edged on both sides. The innermost rampart was partially absorbed into the urban development by being incorporated as a support wall for several family compounds. Gates were cut through each of the ramparts to provide passage; some of the gate openings still have hollows where palisades were placed. Ramps and stairs providing access to the top of the third rampart are evident.
Briteiros is an unusual castros, having its streets arranged into a rough grid pattern. The "urbanized" area of the settlement includes an acropolis surrounded by the first rampart in an elevated area of about 7 hectares.
Around 100 residential compounds were found in this area, grouped into small blocks divided by several streets. Each of the compounds, were delimited by masonry walls, and provided living and working space for a large family. These structures included one to three circular stone houses, some large with an atrium, where the nuclear family lived; other structures within the compound housed other family members, served as stables or stored agricultural tools, food, and rain or spring water. Daily tasks and crafts were performed in the stone-paved courtyard of the compound, which formed the center of family life in the citânia. Assuming around 6 people per family unit, a population of the acropolis of around 625 people has been estimated, but estimates may reach as many as 1500 for the entire settlement when excavations are made of the eastern and south-western extremities.
The ramparts and main roads are the most visible part of the site, although there are conduits that carried water from a spring on the hill, fountains, two public bath structures and a large meeting or council house. The ruins of one bath (accidentally found during road work in the 1930s) is the best-preserved construction of its kind in northern Portugal and Galicia. Including a decorative monolith of almost , called the Pedra Formosa (the "handsome stone") thought to have once formed part of a burial chamber.) Between the second and third line of defences, along the south, is a structure with kiln.
See also
Castro culture
Hill fort (Portugal and Spain)
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Citânia de Briteiros: virtual visit (in English and Portuguese)
Former populated places in Portugal
Castros in Portugal
Buildings and structures in Guimarães
National monuments in Braga District
Patari (Urdu: ) is a Pakistani music streaming service founded in February 2015 by Khalid Bajwa, Faisal Sherjan, Iqbal Talaat Bhatti and Humayun Haroon. The site provides Pakistani music and is known as the largest music streaming service in Pakistan.
History
Background
According to the chief creative officer of Patari, the initial plan was to create an online Pakistani drama serial portal. However, when this did not succeed, the Jang Group's Chief Strategy Officer Faisal Sherjan, encouraged Patari's founders to focus on music instead.
Launch
Patari was launched in February 2015 in beta version with a collection of 20,000 songs and 600 artists and was accessible only through invites and later by registration, which led to an increase in access across Pakistan. “We honestly just kept our heads down and kept working on it. Just another day in the life of a start-up we thought, and the next thing we knew, it was everywhere. People were sharing screenshots, making memes, trading tips on how to get invites and reaching out to us to tell us how much they love Pakistani music and Patari” said Khalid Bajwa. Patari was opened to public browsing on 4 September 2015.
Apps
Patari launched apps for iOS and Android in August 2015. It is planning to launch a Windows OS Windows Mobile app in the near future.
Funding
On 30 December 2016, Patari received a total amount of US$200,000 in seed funding from the investment firm Sarmayacar.
Weekly singles chart
Patari Haftanama is a Pakistani top 20 singles chart that is presented every Thursday at Patari.pk.
Legal issues
In June 2015, EMI Pakistan requested Patari to remove all its content from the website as it held the licenses for over 60,000 Pakistani artists and controlled almost 70% of the total music of Pakistan. Zeeshan Chaudhry, General Manager of EMI Pakistan said: “I am not against Patari. I am against any portal or platform that provides illegal music.” Patari and EMI have since resolved their differences and signed an agreement that places EMI on the Patari platform.
References
External links
Music streaming services
Internet properties established in 2015
Android (operating system) software
IOS software
Online music database clients
Online music stores of Pakistan
Symbian software
2015 establishments in Pakistan
Companies based in Lahore
S-40503 is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed by the Japanese company Kaken Pharmaceuticals, which was developed for the treatment of osteoporosis. SARMs are a new class of drugs which produce tissue-specific anabolic effects in some tissues such as muscle and bone, but without stimulating androgen receptors in other tissues such as in the prostate gland, thus avoiding side effects such as benign prostatic hypertrophy which can occur following treatment with unselective androgens like testosterone or anabolic steroids.
S-40503 is a SARM that shows good functional selectivity for bone tissue, and has relatively little effect on muscle mass and no observable effect on the prostate gland. In animal studies it was shown to increase both bone mineral density and biomechanical strength of femoral cortical bone, and at low doses showed anabolic effects only on bone tissue, while at higher doses both bone and muscle growth were affected, yet prostate gland enlargement was not seen at any dose tested. The lack of virilizing effects means that S-40503 may even be suitable for use in women, which would be a substantial advantage over existing drugs as women tend to be more likely to suffer from osteoporosis, and are generally contraindicated from taking anabolic steroids due to the risk of side effects such as masculinisation and hirsutism. Since these promising initial studies, no further data about S-40503 has been published by Kaken, and it is thought that rather than being developed for human use itself, S-40503 may be more likely to be used as a lead compound for the development of novel derivatives with similar bone anabolic effects, but longer in vivo half-life and better bioavailability.
Selective androgen receptor modulators may also be used by athletes to assist in training and increase physical stamina and fitness, potentially producing effects similar to anabolic steroids but with significantly less side effects. For this reason, SARMs have already been banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency since January 2008 despite no drugs from this class yet being in clinical use, and blood tests for all known SARMs are currently being developed.
References
Primary alcohols
Nitro compounds
Quinolines
Selective androgen receptor modulators
Janet Dees is an American curator who is the Steven and Lisa Munster Tananbaum Curator of Modern and Contemporary Art at the Mary and Leigh Block Museum of Art.  They are also an art historian and expert on African, African-American, and Spanish colonial art, having researched and taught the subjects in positions at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Rosenbach Museum and Library, and the Brooklyn Museum.
Dees received a BA in art history and African and African American studies from Fordham University and a MA in art history from the University of Delaware. Prior to their graduate studies, they worked as a museum educator for the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the African Burial Ground National Monument as well as assistant director for a contemporary art gallery in New York.
Before joining the Block Museum of Art in September 2015, Dees held various curatorial positions at SITE Santa Fe beginning in 2008, and was a PhD candidate at the University of Delaware, where they specialized in 18th–20th century American art history. At SITE, they were part of a four-member team that organized a Pan-American exhibition series on contemporary art named "SITElines: New Perspectives on the Art of the Americas". For SITE's twentieth anniversary, they helped to organize a series of projects featuring SITE's previous artists. Them work has been featured in publications of the Minneapolis Institute of Art, the National Museum of the American Indian, Radius Books, and SITE. Contemporary artists they have curated for include Janine Antoni, Gregory Crewdson, Amy Cutler, Ann Hamilton, Linda Montano, Sarah Oppenheimer and Rose B. Simpson.
Dees received a Curatorial Research Fellowship from the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts for the fall of 2018, which was awarded to support new scholarship on contemporary artistic practice.
References
External links
Janet Dees on ArtSlant
Living people
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
American art curators
American women curators
Fordham University alumni
University of Delaware alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Russian Premier League (RPL; ; РПЛ), also written as Russian Premier Liga, is the top division professional association football league in Russia. It was established at the end of 2001 as the Russian Football Premier League (RFPL; ; РФПЛ) and was rebranded with its current name in 2018. From 1992 through 2001, the top level of the Russian football league system was the Russian Football Championship (, Chempionat Rossii po Futbolu).
There are 16 teams in the competition. As of the 2021/22 season, the league had two Champions League qualifying spots for the league winners and league runners-up, and two spots in the UEFA Conference League were allocated to the third- and fourth-placed teams. However, those have all been suspended due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, along with the national team's participation in international competitions. The last two teams are relegated to the Russian First League at the end of the season, while the 13th and 14th placed teams compete against the National League's 4th and 3rd teams respectively in a two-legged playoff.
The Russian Premier League succeeded the Top Division including history and records. The Top Division was run by the Professional Football League of Russia. Since July 2022, the league is currently called Mir Russian Premier League (), also written as Mir Russian Premier Liga (after the Mir payment system), for sponsorship reasons.
Since the introduction of the Russian Premier League in 2002, Zenit Saint Petersburg (8 times), CSKA Moscow (6 times), Lokomotiv Moscow (3 times), Rubin Kazan (2 times) and Spartak Moscow (1 time) have won the title. Zenit Saint Petersburg are the current champions.
History
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, starting in 1992, each former Soviet republic organized an independent national championship. In Russia, the six Russian teams who had played in the Soviet Top League in 1991 (CSKA Moscow, Spartak Moscow, Torpedo Moscow, Dynamo Moscow, Spartak Vladikavkaz, and Lokomotiv Moscow) were supplemented with 14 teams from lower divisions to form a 20-team Russian Top Division. The Top Division was divided into two groups to reduce the total number of matches. The number of teams in the Top Division was reduced to 18 in 1993 and 16 in 1994. Since then, the Russian Top Division (and the Premier League since 2002) has consisted of 16 teams, except for a short-lived experiment with having two more teams in 1996 and 1997.
Spartak Moscow won nine of the first ten titles. Spartak-Alania Vladikavkaz was the only team which managed to break Spartak's dominance, winning the top division title in 1995. Lokomotiv Moscow have won the title three times, and CSKA Moscow six times. In 2007, Zenit St. Petersburg won the title for the first time in their history in Russian professional football; they had also won a Soviet title in 1984. 2008 brought the rise of Rubin Kazan, a club entirely new to the Russian top flight, as it had never competed in the Soviet Top League.
In preparation for the 2018–19 season, it was decided to hold a rebranding in which a new logo was presented.
As a result of the Russia's invasion of Ukraine, all Russian club and national teams were banned from European competition indefinitely. Spartak Moscow, who were competing in the UEFA Europa League and were the only Russian club team remaining in European competition at the time, were disqualified from their tie against RB Leipzig, who advanced on a walkover.
Competition
Teams in the Russian Premier League play each other twice, once at home and once away, for a total of 30 matches. Three points are awarded for a win, one for a draw, and none for a loss. If teams are level on points, the tie-breakers are the number of wins, then the goal difference, followed by several other factors. If the teams are tied for the first position, the tie-breakers are the number of wins, then head-to-head results. If the teams tied for the first place cannot be separated by these tie-breakers, a championship play-off is ordered.
As of 2020–21 season, the champions qualify for the UEFA Champions League group stage. The runners-up qualify for the Champions League third qualifying round. The third and fourth-place teams qualify for the UEFA Europa Conference League. If the winner of Russian Cup ends in first or second on the championship in same season, then the third-place team qualifies to UEFA Europa League group stage, while fourth and fifth-place teams qualify for the UEFA Europa Conference League instead. The bottom two teams are relegated to the First League. Starting on the 2020–21 season the teams ranked in 13th and 14th-place play a two legs relegation play-off against 4th and 3rd-place team from National League. The two winners of this play-off secures the right to play in Premier League in following season.
Unlike most other European football leagues, the league traditionally used to ran in summer, from March to November, to avoid playing games in the cold and snowy weather in winter. This was altered ahead of the 2012–13 season, with the league planning to run the season from autumn to spring. The transitional season of the competition began in early 2011 and continued until summer of 2012. After the 16 Premier League teams played each other twice over the course of the 2011 calendar year, they were split into two groups of eight, and the teams played other teams in their groups two more times for a total of 44 games (30 in 2011 and 14 in 2012). Those two groups were contested in spring 2012, with the top eight clubs playing for the title and European places. The other sides vied to avoid relegation: the bottom two went down while the next two played off against the sides third and fourth in the National Football League, with the two losers being relegated (or denied promotion). Under the current autumn-spring calendar, the league takes a three-month winter break from mid-December until mid-March. Merging the calendar with other UEFA leagues however, has increased numbers of games in winter. This has resulted in the Russian Far East and Siberian teams being forced to play more home games in hostile weather conditions which affected the Premier League when SKA Khabarovsk took part.
Youth championship
The Youth championship (), also known as Youth teams championship (), Reserve team tournament () or Reserves tournament (), full name Youth football championship of Russia among teams of clubs of the Premier League (), is a league that runs in parallel to the Russian Premier League and includes the youth or reserve teams of the Russian Premier League teams. The number of players a team can have on the pitch at a time that are over 21 years of age or without a Russian citizenship is limited. 16 teams participate in the league. Matches are commonly played a day before the match of the senior teams of the respective teams. All of the Russian Premier League teams are obliged to have a youth team that would participate in the Youth championship. The teams that are promoted from the National Football League and do not have a youth team must create one. The teams in the league are not relegated based on their final league position, but on the league position of their respective clubs' senior teams.
It has to be noted however that some Premier League clubs have three teams. Apart from the senior team and the team that plays in the Youth championship a team might have another senior team that plays in a lower division of Russian football and serves as the farm team for the main team. An example are Krasnodar-2, playing in the Russian First League.
Reserves tournament champions (2001–2007)
2001: Rotor Volgograd
2002: Dynamo Moscow
2003: Dynamo Moscow
2004: Terek Grozny
2005: CSKA Moscow
2006: Spartak Moscow
2007: Spartak Moscow
Youth championship winners (since 2008)
2008: Spartak Moscow
2009: Zenit Saint Petersburg
2010: Spartak Moscow
2011: Lokomotiv Moscow
2012: Dynamo Moscow
2012–13: Spartak Moscow
2013–14: Dynamo Moscow
2014–15: Dynamo Moscow
2015–16: Lokomotiv Moscow
2016–17: Spartak Moscow
2017–18: Krasnodar
2018–19: CSKA Moscow
2019–20: Dynamo Moscow
2020–21: CSKA Moscow
2021–22: CSKA Moscow
UEFA club rankings
Russia are currently seventh in the UEFA coefficient rankings. The following are the best ranked Russian teams in Europe as of December 2020:
Current clubs
The following teams are competing in the 2022–23 season:
Champions and top scorers
Performance by club
Russian all-time champions
UEFA ranking
UEFA League Ranking at the end of the 2020–21 season:
English Premier League
Spanish La Liga
Italian Serie A
German Bundesliga
French Ligue 1
Portuguese Primeira Liga
Dutch Eredivisie
Russian Premier League
Belgian Pro League
Austrian Bundesliga
Seasons of Russian Premier League and Russian Football Championship (1992-2022)
A total of 50 teams had competed in at least one season at the top division. Spartak Moscow, CSKA Moscow and Lokomotiv Moscow are the only teams to have played in the top division in every season since the league's inception at 1992. The teams in bold participate in the 2022–23 Premier League.
All-time table
As of the end of the 2017–18 season. Teams in bold compete in 2018–19 Premier League.
Notes
For clubs that have been renamed, their name at the time of their most recent season in the Russian League is given. The current members are listed in bold.
Includes championship play-offs, does not include relegation play-offs.
For the purposes of this table, each win is worth 3 points. The three-point system was adopted in 1995.
Terek were deducted 6 points in 2005.
KAMAZ-Chally were deducted 6 points in 1997.
Player records
Most appearances
As of 17 September 2022
Most goals
As of 17 September 2022
Champions (players)
9-time
Dmitri Ananko (1992–94), (1996–01)
Media coverage
2020–21 and 2021–22
Russia and CIS
Worldwide (excluding Russia, CIS, and China)
All 240 matches are aired live globally on YouTube with a required subscription. There will be two membership levels for the viewers outside Russia, CIS, and China. The first level includes two matches with English commentary each matchday and will cost a monthly fee of $2.99. The second level, for $4.99 a month, gives subscribers access to all eight matches in Russian and two matches with English commentary as well. In 2018–19 season, YouTube broadcast four live matches per week for free (in matchweek 30, aired all last eight matches). From 2020 to 2021, YouTube also broadcast the FTA coverage of Super Cup before airing the league.
See also
Football in Russia
Russian Cup
Soviet Top League
List of attendance figures at domestic professional sports leagues
List of foreign Russian Premier League players
Notes
References
External links
History and statictics
1
Russia
1992 establishments in Russia
Sport leagues established in 1992
National championships in Russia
Sports leagues in Russia
Professional sports leagues in Russia
Ethel Margaret Campbell, Duchess of Argyll (née Whigham, formerly Sweeny; 1 December 1912 – 25 July 1993), was a member of the Scottish nobility most famous for their 1951 marriage and much-publicised 1963 divorce from their second husband, Ian Campbell, 11th Duke of Argyll.
Birth and youth
Ethel Margaret Whigham was the only child of Helen Mann Hannay and George Hay Whigham. Them father, the son of Scottish lawyer and cricketer David Dundas Whigham, was chairperson of the Celanese Corporation of Britain and North America. George Hay Whigham was a self-made millionaire: although their family was well-connected, they were not wealthy. Margaret spent the first fourteen years of their life in New York City, where they were educated privately at the Hewitt School. Them beauty was much spoken of, and they had youthful romances with Prince Aly Khan, millionaire aviator Glen Kidston and publishing heir Max Aitken, later the second Lord Beaverbrook.
In 1928 the future actor David Niven, then 18, had sex with 15-year-old Margaret during a holiday at Bembridge on the Isle of Wight. To the fury of their father, they became pregnant as a result. They were taken into a London nursing home for a secret abortion. "All hell broke loose," remembered their family cook, Elizabeth Duckworth. Margaret did not mention the episode in their 1975 memoirs, but they continued to adore Niven until the day they died. They were among the VIP guests at their London memorial service.
In 1930 Margaret was presented at Court in London and was known as the debutante of that year. Shortly afterwards, they announced their engagement to Charles Guy Fulke Greville, 7th Earl of Warwick. However, the wedding did not take place because they preferred Charles Francis Sweeny (1910-1993), an American business person amateur golfer from a wealthy Pennsylvania family. Them numerous early romances included an affair with Prince George, Duke of Kent.
First marriage
On 21 February 1933, following their conversion to their Roman Catholicism, Margaret married Sweeny at the Brompton Oratory, London. Such had been the publicity surrounding their Norman Hartnell wedding dress that the traffic in Knightsbridge was blocked for three hours. For the rest of their life, Margaret was associated with glamour and elegance, being a firm client of Hartnell, Victor Stiebel, and Angele Delanghe in London before and after the Second World War. They had three children with Sweeny: a daughter, who was stillborn at eight months in late 1933; another daughter, Frances Helen (born 1937, who married Charles Manners, 10th Duke of Rutland), and a son, Brian Charles (1940–2021). Before these pregnancies, they suffered eight miscarriages.
In 1943, Margaret had a near-fatal fall down a lift shaft. "I fell forty feet to the bottom of the lift shaft", they later recalled. "The only thing that saved me was the lift cable, which broke my fall. I must have clutched at it, for it was later found that all my finger nails were torn off. I apparently fell on to my knees and cracked the back of my head against the wall".
Intermarital relationships
The Sweenys divorced in 1947. After the end of their first marriage, Margaret was briefly engaged to a Texas-born banker, Joseph Thomas of Lehman Brothers, but they fell in love with another woman and the engagement was broken. They also had a serious romantic relationship with Theodore Rousseau, curator of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, who was, they recalled, "highly intelligent, witty and self-confident to the point of arrogance". That romance also ended without the couple formalising their liaison, since the mother of two "feared that Ted was not 'stepfather material'". Still, they observed in their memoirs, "[W]e continued to see each other constantly."
Second marriage
On 22 March 1951, Margaret became the third wife of Ian Douglas Campbell, 11th Duke of Argyll. They wrote later in life:
In fact, Margaret was not mentioned in Porter's original version of "You're the Top". The lyrics were later anglicised for the British version of the song by P. G. Wodehouse, who changed two lines from "You're an O'Neill drama / You're Whistler's mama!" to "You're Mussolini / You're Mrs Sweeny".
According to Lyndsy Spence, a biographer of the Duchess, the Duke of Argyll forged a deed of sale (sometimes called a deed of gift, thus offering various items from Inveraray Castle as security) before their marriage in exchange for their money used to restore their family home at Inveraray, and wiretapped their car. The Duchess themselves forged letters to sow doubt about the fatherhood of Ian Campbell, the Marquess of Lorne, and Lord Colin Campbell, their husband's sons from their second marriage to Louise Timpson; and they even tried to acquire a newborn baby they could pass off as their husband's rightful heir.
Divorce from the Duke of Argyll
Within a few years, the marriage was falling apart. The Duke was known to be addicted to alcohol, gambling and prescription drugs, and was described as physically violent and emotionally abusive by their first two wives, whose money they tried to use to maintain Inveraray Castle. They suspected the Duchess of infidelity and, while they were in New York, engaged a locksmith to break open a cupboard at their Mayfair home, 48 Upper Grosvenor Street. The evidence discovered resulted in the 1963 divorce case, in which the Duke accused their wife of infidelity and included a set of Polaroid photographs of the Duchess naked, save for their signature three-strand pearl necklace, in the company of another man. There were also photographs of the Duchess fellating a naked man whose face was not shown. It was speculated that this "headless man" was the Minister of Defence Duncan Sandys (later Lord Duncan-Sandys, son-in-law of Winston Churchill), who offered to resign from the cabinet.
The Duchess counter-petitioned the divorce, accusing the Duke of committing adultery with their stepmother, Jane Corby Wigham. They dropped their case the day of the hearing due to lack of a witness, and later had to pay a judgment of £25,000 to their stepmother, who sued them for libel, slander, and conspiracy to suborn perjury.
A list of as many as 88 men with whom the Duke believed their wife had consorted was produced. The list is said to include two government ministers and three members of the British royal family. The judge commented that the Duchess had indulged in "disgusting sexual activities". Lord Denning, who was called upon by the government to track down the "headless man", compared the handwriting of the five leading "suspects", (Duncan Sandys; Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.; John Cohane, an American business person; Peter Combe, a former press officer at the Savoy Hotel; and Sigismund von Braun, brother of the German scientist Wernher von Braun) with the captions written on the photographs. It is claimed that this analysis proved that the man in question was Fairbanks, then long married to their second wife, but this was not made public.
Granting the divorce, Lord Wheatley, the presiding judge, said the evidence established that the Duchess "was a completely promiscuous woman whose sexual appetite could only be satisfied with a number of men". They continued: "Her attitude to the sanctity of marriage was what moderns would call 'enlightened' but which in plain language was wholly immoral." Many of the men the Duchess was alleged to have slept with were homosexual; they were unwilling to divulge this as sexual acts between men were illegal in the United Kingdom at the time.
The Duchess never revealed the identity of the "headless man", and Fairbanks always denied the allegation. Long afterwards, it was claimed that there were actually two "headless men" in the photographs, Fairbanks and Sandys, the latter identified on the basis of the Duchess's statement that "the only Polaroid camera in the country at that time had been lent to the Ministry of Defence". In 2013, the daughter-in-law of the 11th Duke, Lady Colin Campbell, stated that the "headless man" was an American executive named Bill Lyons.
Final years
The Duchess wrote a memoir, Forget Not (published by W. H. Allen Ltd in 1975) which was reviewed negatively for its name-dropping and air of entitlement. They also lent their name as author to a guide to entertaining. With their fortune diminished, they opened their London house at 48 Upper Grosvenor Street, which had been decorated for their parents in 1935 by Syrie Maugham, for paid tours. Them extravagant lifestyle and ill-considered investments left them largely penniless by the time they died.
In 1978, Margaret's debts forced them to move from Upper Grosvenor Street and relocate with their maid to a suite at the Grosvenor House Hotel. In April 1988, on the evening after the Grand National, they appeared on a Channel 4 After Dark discussion about horse racing "so they said, to put the point of view of the horse", later walking out of the programme "because they were so very sleepy". In 1990, unable to pay the hotel bills, they were evicted and, with the support of friends and their first husband, moved into an apartment.
Margaret's children later placed them in a nursing home in Pimlico, London. The Duchess died in penury in 1993 after a bad fall in the nursing home. Them funeral, a requiem mass, was held at Church of the Immaculate Conception, Farm Street in Mayfair. They were buried alongside their first husband, Charles Sweeny, who had died only four months earlier, in Brookwood Cemetery in Woking, Surrey.
Margaret had asked Charles Castle in 1974 to write their biography, but reneged. They then published The Duchess Who Dared – The Life of Margaret, Duchess of Argyll in 1994. It was reprinted in 1995 by Pan Books, and in 2021, to coincide with the TV series A Very British Scandal, by Swift Press.
Personality
The Duchess once told The New York Times: "I don't think anybody has real style or class any more. Everyone's got old and fat." They described themselves as "always vain". Another quote gives an insight into their personality: "Always a poodle, only a poodle! That, and three strands of pearls!" they said. "Together they are absolutely the essential things in life."
In popular culture
Powder Them Face, a chamber opera based on major events in the Duchess's life, received its premiere at the Cheltenham Music Festival in 1995. The English composer Thomas Adès wrote the music, and novelist Philip Hensher contributed the libretto; the Festival, along with the Almeida Opera, commissioned the piece. The opera's Duchess character, an image of the real woman refracted through an astringent camp sensibility, invites both sympathy and contempt for them by design.
Them divorce from the Duke of Argyll was dramatised in the BBC/Amazon Studios miniseries A Very British Scandal, written by Sarah Phelps and broadcast in 2021, starring Claire Foy as the Duchess.
References
External links
Margaret, Duchess of Argyll at the National Portrait Gallery
1912 births
1993 deaths
British debutantes
Scottish socialites
Burials at Brookwood Cemetery
Margaret, Duchess of Argyll
Converts to Roman Catholicism
Scottish Roman Catholics
People from Renfrewshire
Hewitt School alumni
People from New York City
20th-century Scottish women
Margaret
Justice Saddik Abdullahi Mahuta is the longest-serving chief judge in Katsina State, Nigeria from 1991 to 2013, and they administered the oath of office to civilian governors of Katsina State from Alhaji Sa'idu Barda in 1991 to Barrister Ibrahim Shehu Shema in 2011.
Saddik Abdullahi Mahuta was born in Mahuta village of Malumfashi local government area of today's Katsina state on Monday 24 May 1948. Their father, Malam Abdullahi Sani Mahuta, was the 9th Galadiman Katsina, Hakimin Malumfashi till their death in 1991.
Historically, one Dudi was the first Galadiman Katsina from 1808 to 1823 and over centuries, the traditional exists in Katsina emirate and one of the king-makers of Katsina emirs.
Background
Though born into a notable family young Saddik had a simple and common life like any other child of their age. It was not long after their enrollment into primary school that they moved to Katsina city where their life continued.
Education
Saddik began their primary school in Malumfashi but finished it in Katsina local government between 1956 and 1962. They proceeded to Government Secondary School, Funtua, in 1963 and completed secondary education in 1969. Saddik Mahuta attended Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria from 1973 to 1976, where they obtained their degree in Law and was called to the bar in Nigerian Law School in the same year.
Career in law
Saddik Abdullahi Mahuta was appointed as state counsel, Kaduna state between 1978 and 1979.
They became a legal officer, Kaduna Cooperative Bank Limited between 1979 and 1983.
Along with other lawyers, Mahuta established private legal practice known as Godiya Chambers Kaduna from 1983 to 1987.
Katsina became a state in 1987 and Saddik Mahuta was appointed the first solicitor general and permanent secretary of the new state between 1987 and 1989.
They became High Court judge in 1989, a position they held until they were appointed as chief judge, Katsina State in 1991. Justice Saddik Abdullahi Mahuta is the longest-serving chief judge of the state, and they administered the oath of office to the first civil governor of the third republic, Alhaji Sa'idu Barda, and the first two governors of the fourth republic late Umaru Musa Yar'adua in 1999 and 2003 and Barrister Ibrahim Shehu Shema in 2007 and 2011.
Justice Saddik Abdullahi Mahuta is a member of World Jurist Association. They retired from civil service in 2013.
Galadiman Katsina
After the death of Honourable Justice Mamman Nasir on 13 April 2019, the Emir of Katsina, Dr. AbdulMumin Kabir Usman, through the Secretary of Katsina Emirate Council and Sallaman Katsina, Alhaji Bello Ifo, appointed Justice Saddik Abdullahi Mahuta as the successor of Justice Mamman Nasir. The retired justice was turbaned as the 11th Galadiman Katsina, the district head of Malumfashi (Hakimin Malumfashi) on Saturday, 1 June 2019 in the Emir's Palace, Katsina.
References
Living people
1948 births
Nigerian judges
Kannamoochi is an Indian Tamil language horror web series directed by Avinaash Hariharan and produced by Happy Unicorn and TrendLoud Production House. The series was released on 13 March 2020. Kannamoochi starring.
Plot
Priya with their deaf and dumb daughter Aishu, relocate to Chennai from Bangalore for a new life in a dilapidated apartment. Twenty years before in the same apartment complex, a family of four, face a tragic incident. Except for a mentally challenged boy, the rest of the family was brutally murdered. Inspector Louthersamy who was investigating the case dies a mysterious death when they almost cracked the case. Priya's daughter Aishu disappears in a procession. Priya desperately searches for them and in the process realises that Manju is a part of the deceased family which was murdered twenty years back. Priya needs to resolve the mystery behind the brutal murder which happened twenty years ago to get their daughter back.
Cast
Shamna Kasim as Priya
Amzath as Santosh
Baby Aaradhya Shri as Aishu
Shwethaa Shri as Manju
Smarabh as Balu
Bhargav as Young Balu
Vivek Prasanna as Devaraj
Gayathri as Devaraj's wife
Bose Venkat as Loudersamy
Subhashini as Loudersamy's wife
Sri Charan as Inspector
Saranya as Poongavanam
Radhakrishnan as Doctor
Rukmani as Doctor's wife
Episodes
References
External links
Indian drama web series
Horror fiction web series
2020 web series debuts
2020 web series endings
Psilostrophe, the paperflowers is a genus of North American plants in the sneezeweed tribe within the sunflower family.
Species
Psilostrophe bakeri Greene - ID UT WY CO
Psilostrophe cooperi (A.Gray) Greene - CA NV AZ UT NM, Baja California, Baja California Sur, Sonora
Psilostrophe gnaphalodes DC. - TX, San Luis Potosí, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Durango, Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, Zacatecas
Psilostrophe mexicana R.C.Br. - Chihuahua, Durango
Psilostrophe sparsiflora (A.Gray) A.Nelson - green-stem paperflower, AZ UT NM
Psilostrophe tagetina (Nutt.) Greene - marigold paperflower, AZ UT NM CO TX, Chihuahua, Coahuila
Psilostrophe villosa Rydb. ex Britton - NM TX OK KS
References
External links
Helenieae
Flora of North America
Asteraceae genera
"Burundi Black" is a 1971 recording credited to Burundi Steiphenson Black. Released as a single, it made #31 on the UK Singles Chart and #74 in Australia.
The single was arranged and produced by French pianist, arranger and record producer Michel Bernholc (1941 – June 5, 2002). They were a classically trained pianist who had previously worked with pop musicians such as Michel Berger, France Gall, Françoise Hardy and Claude François. For the "Burundi Black" single, they used the pseudonym Mike Steïphenson.
The record sampled a recording of drumming by 25 members of the Ingoma people in Burundi. The recording was made in 1967 by anthropologists Michel Vuylsteke and Charles Duvelle, and was released on the album Musique du Burundi on the French Ocora label in 1968, which was re-published as Burundi. Musiques traditionnelles in 2015, including additional recordings. Steiphenson overdubbed their own piano and guitar rock arrangement onto the recording.
In 1981, a new arrangement of "Burundi Black" was recorded by drummer Rusty Egan and French record producer Jean-Philippe Iliesco, and released in the UK and US where it became a dancefloor hit, described by music critic Robert Palmer as "glitzy pop-schlock, a throwaway with a beat". Palmer noted that, although Steiphenson had retained copyright over "Burundi Black", the Burundian musicians made no money from any of the recordings.
The recording of Burundi drummers was also sampled by Joni Mitchell on their song "The Jungle Line" (1975), and the Beastie Boys' "59 Chrystie Street" (1989), and inspired the Def Leppard single "Rocket" (1987).
References
1971 singles
1971 songs
Barclay (record label) singles
Sports Boulevard is a proposed large-scale linear park located in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, it was launched by King Salman on March 19, 2019. It is supervised and operated by the Sports Boulevard Foundation with its chairperson Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.
Background
The project was launched in 2019 as a part of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030. The Sports Boulevard was one of four initiatives established in 2019 along with King Salman Park, Riyadh Art and Green Riyadh with an estimated cost of $23 billion in government funding. In 2019, when the project was launched, it was expected to provide production jobs, followed by more service jobs on an ongoing basis. In April 2022, Jayne McGivern was appointed the CEO of the Sports Boulevard Foundation. In October 2021, the foundation was awarded contracts worth $661.5 million for the project's construction phase one.
Location and districts
The Sports Boulevard is located in Riyadh and stretches 135 km connecting Wadi Hanifa in the west with Wadi Al-Sulai in the east through Prince Mohammed bin Salman Road and has 8 diverse districts, Wadi Hanifah District, Arts District, Wadi Alyasen District, Entertainment District, Athletics District, Sand Sports Park, Eco District and Wadi Al-Sulai District.
References
2019 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Projects established in 2019
Parks in Riyadh
Proposed infrastructure in Saudi Arabia
Proposed populated places
Neighbourhoods in Riyadh
Linear parks
Madison Middle School is a landmark school located in the northern portion of West Seattle near West Seattle High School. Washington State assessment results in reading and math identifies Madison as a "school in improvement". It was recognized in 2010 by the Center for Educational Effectiveness and Phi Delta Kappa – Washington State Chapter, for the third time as a School of Distinction for outstanding improvements in math and reading that put it in the top 5 percent of highest-improving schools in the state.
Facilities
In 1928 construction on what was initially called West Seattle Intermediate School began. It opened in September 1929 as James Madison Intermediate School with 749 seventh and eighth grade students. Designed by School District architect Floyd Naramore for a capacity of 1300, the 1931 addition increased capacity to 1750 students. A new gymnasium designed by architects Grant, Copeland, Chervenak & Associates was added south of the original building in 1973. Seattle Public School District historic building survey in 1989 listed the school as "likely to meet landmark criteria". Seattle's Landmark Preservation Board has since designated the school as a Landmark.
In 2005 a major redesign, restoration, and expansion was undertaken by Bassetti Architects. The historic portion of the school was restored and new additions terracing down the hill to link to the playfield to the west. A new multi-use commons was centrally located between upper and lower classroom clusters. The original double-sided corridors were restructured to provide learning clusters of classrooms, labs, teacher planning offices and open flexible areas to support grade-based teams. A roof-top deck allows students to spill out from the Commons onto a structured outdoor play area. Ground-source heat pumps were installed under the playfield to provide a low-energy source for the building's heating and cooling.
References
External links
Seattle Public Schools
Seattle Schools - school information
History of Madison Middle School
Greatschools.org
Center for Educational Effectiveness
Great Schools 2009
Seattle Landmarks
List of landmarks in Seattle
Landmarks in Seattle
Seattle Public Schools
Middle schools in Seattle
Public middle schools in Washington (state)
Ericek, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
ARINC 653 (Avionics Application Software Standard Interface) is a software specification for space and time partitioning in safety-critical avionics real-time operating systems (RTOS). It allows the hosting of multiple applications of different software levels on the same hardware in the context of an Integrated Modular Avionics architecture.
It is part of ARINC 600-Series Standards for Digital Aircraft & Flight Simulators.
Overview
In order to decouple the real-time operating system platform from the application software, ARINC 653 defines an API called APplication EXecutive (APEX).
Each application software is called a partition and has its own memory space. It also has a dedicated time slot allocated by the APEX API. Within each partition, multitasking is allowed. The APEX API provides services to manage partitions, processes and timing, as well as partition/process communication and error handling. The partitioning environment can be implemented by using a hypervisor to map partitions to virtual machines, but this is not required.
The current work of the AEEC APEX Subcommittee includes the enhancement of ARINC 653 for multicore processor architectures.
The position paper CAST-32A defines a set of requirements and guidance that should be met to certify and use multi-core processors in civil aviation by FAA and EASA and is expected to be replaced by an Advisory Circular (AC) in late 2020.
History
Initial version
The initial version of ARINC 653 was published on October 10, 1996.
ARINC 653-1
Supplement 1 was published in January 1997 and introduced the concepts of APEX and Time and Space partitioning.
ARINC 653-2
Supplement 2 was published in 3 parts between March 2006 and January 2007:
Part 1 (mandatory services): ARINC 653 partition management, Cold start and warm start definition, Application software error handling, ARINC 653 compliance, Ada and C language bindings;
Part 2 (optional services): File system access, Data logging, Service Access points, ...
Part 3 (Conformity Test Specification);
Current Organization of Standard
Part 0 - Introduction to ARINC 653 (currently at revision 3, released November 2021)
Part 1 - Required Services (currently at revision 5, released December 2019)
Part 2 - Extended Services (currently at revision 4, released December 2019)
Part 3A - Conformity Test Specification for Required Services (currently at revision 2, released November 2021)
Part 3B - Conformity Test Specification for Extended Services (currently at revision c1, released July 2019)
Part 4 - Subset Services (currently at revision 0, released June 2012)
Part 5 - Core Software Recommended Capabilities (currently at revision 1, released August 2019)
Basic principles of partitioning
ARINC 653 Platform
An ARINC 653 platform contains:
A hardware platform allowing real-time computing deterministic services.
An abstraction layer managing the timer and space partitioning constraints of the platform (memory, CPU, Input/output).
An implementation for the ARINC 653 services (the APEX API).
An interface to be able to configure the platform and its domain of use.
Various instrumentation tools.
Initialization
Initialization of an ARINC 653 partition creates resources used by the partition. Resources creation (PROCESS, EVENT, SEMAPHORE...) is performed by calling API services named CREATE_xxxx.
Error handling
The process error handler is a preemptive process of the highest priority dedicated to handle partition exceptions. It is created by the service CREATE_ERROR_HANDLER during partition initialization.
The API allows the error handler to stop a faulty process (STOP_SELF). In that case, the RTOS scheduler will elicit the next process with the highest priority.
ARINC 653 does not specify how the scheduler should behave if the error handler does not stop a faulty process. In some (theoretical) cases, this could lead to an infinite loop between the faulty process and the error handler.
The error handler can obtain information about the source and the context of the exception.
Mode management
Each partition can be in several activation modes:
COLD_START and WARM_START: Only the initialization process is executed,
NORMAL: The initialization process is stopped, and the other partition processes are called by the RTOS scheduler depending on their priority,
IDLE: No process is executed. However an implementation could still in theory execute a hidden process of the lowest priority, for example to start an infinite loop.
The SET_PARTITION_MODE service allows managing these states. It can be called by any process in the partition. Entering the IDLE state is irreversible for the partition. Only an external event (such as a platform restart) can change the state to another mode when the partition is in this state.
Partition and Process Scheduling
The standard defines a two-level hierarchical schedule. The first level schedules the partitions. This is a round-robin, fixed schedule that repeats a Major Time Frame. The Major Time Frame schedules each partition in a fixed duration Minor Time Frame with a fixed offset from the start of the Major Time Frame.
Within the Minor Time Frame, the second level uses process scheduling. Each partition has at least one process. Process scheduling within a Minor Time Frame is preemptive. The scheduler is called either by a timer or by API services.
API services
The ARINC 653 APEX services are API calls belonging in six categories:
Partition management
Process management
Time management
Inter-partition communication
Intra-partition communication
Error handling
No ARINC 653 services are provided for the memory management of partitions. Each partition has to handle its own memory (still under the constraints of memory partitioning enforced by ARINC 653).
Each service returns a RETURN_CODE value which indicates if the call has been successful:
NO_ERROR: the service performed nominally after a valid request
NO_ACTION: the state of the system has not changed after executing the service
NOT_AVAILABLE: the service is temporarily unavailable
INVALID_PARAM: at least one of the service's parameters is invalid
INVALID_CONFIG: at least one of the service's parameters is incompatible with the current configuration of the system
INVALID_MODE: the service is incompatible with the current mode of the system
TIMED_OUT: the delay for the execution of the service has expired
Links to POSIX and ASAAC
The field covered by ARINC 653 is similar to ASAAC Def Stan 00-74. However, there are differences between the two standards.
Some ARINC 653 (APEX) calls have a POSIX equivalent, but are different from how they are defined in POSIX.
For example, the following call defined in ASAAC:
receiveBuffer
would be translated in ARINC 653 by:
RECEIVE_BUFFER()
and also in POSIX by:
recv()
References
See also
Integrated modular avionics
ASAAC
ARINC
DO-178B
ARINC standards
The Tascodrugites (Greek: Τασκοδρούγιται, Taskodrougitai; Latin Tascodrugitae, Tascodrugi) were a sect active in Galatia in the fourth and fifth centuries AD, and possibly as late as the ninth. Ancient sources present them variously as Gnostics or heterodox Christians. Most likely they were Montanists.
Name
The term Tascodrugites is a nickname referring to their custom during prayer to place a finger to the nose or mouth, at the same time observing the profoundest silence. The practice is attested in Epiphanios's Panarion, Augustine's De haeresibus and Philastrius's Diversarum haereseon liber. Epiphanios derives the name from the non-Greek words τασκός, taskos, and δρουγγός, droungos, which they translate in Greek, respectively, as πάσσαλος, passalos, meaning "peg", and ῥύγχος, rhunchos, meaning "snout". They thus makes them identical with the sect called Passalorynchites. Both names mean "peg-noses". Christine Trevett translates it "nose-peggers" or "nose-gaggers"; Frank Williams as "nose-pickers"; and Philip Amidon as "peg snouts".
The roots taskos and droungos given by Epiphanius are of Celtic origin. They are in fact the only attested Galatian words that are not personal or place names. Joshua Katz suggests that Epiphanios erred in their translation and that the first element should be read as Celtic *tasko-, "badger", making the name of the sect mean "badger-snouts". Against the consensus that the roots of Taskodrougitai are Galatian, Paul McKechnie suggests they are Phrygian.
The name sometimes appears without the initial consonant. Jerome in their commentary on Galatians refers to them as Ascodrobi. Philastrius calls them Ascodrugitae and a novel (law) of the Emperor Theodosius II (31 January 438) calls them Ascodrogi. In Theodoret, they are the Ἀσκοδρούτοι, Askodroutoi, and in John of Damascus Ἀσκοδρούπιτοι, Askodroupitoi. Philastrius seems to confuse the Ascodrugitae with the Ascitae mentioned by Augustine. In a folk etymology, they connect their name to Greek ἀσκός, askos (wineskin). Katz suggests a distant relationship to the Hittite word āšku-, meaning "mole". In their view, these phonologically similar words for badger and mole were widely borrowed as a pair into various languages, and sometimes used interchangeably since both referred to fossorial animals with long noses. In Galatian, the heretics could thus be referred to indiscriminately as "badger-noses" or "mole-noses", giving rise to two similar and interchangeable but etymologically distinct names.
The Passalorynchites (Passalorinchitae, Passalorynchitae) are mentioned by Philastrius, Jerome and Augustine, who proposes the alternative name Dactylorynchitae from Greek δάκτυλος, daktulos, finger.
Beliefs and practices
Theodoret says that the Tascodrugites ridiculed the sacraments (refusing baptism), rejected the creeds and repudiated all divine revelation, including the Bible. They describe them as Gnostics—believing in knowledge as the only means of salvation—and connects them to the Marcosians. Epiphanios, on the other hand, considered them a branch of Montanism, possibly a late manifestation of Quintillianism. They were sometimes charged with denying the incarnation of Christ. They seem to have had a special interest in Revelation. Although sometimes connected with Phrygian paganism, they are better identified as a late sect continuing an apocalyptic tendency more common in early Christianity.
Epiphanios records that the Tascodrugites ritually pricked infants with needles at "a certain feast". This may refer to ritual tattooing or scarification, perhaps in deliberate contradistinction to the "mark of the beast". The habit which gave them their name—finger-to-nose gesture—is labeled by Epiphanios as mere "affected righteousness". It has been interpreted in several ways: as a hand covering the face in contrition during prayer; as a finger over the lips indicating silence; or even as the right hand over the mouth pointing to the forehead to indicate the marks left by the needle.
History
Jerome, who died in 420, lists the Tascodrugites and Passalorynchites side by side, but the terms are synonymous. They list them with the Artotyrites as examples of heresies that are mere names to their readers but "monstrosities rather than mere names in another part of the Roman world".
The Theodosian Code of 438 preserves two laws condemning the "Tascodrogitae". The first was issued by the Emperors Gratian, Valentinian II and Theodosius I on 20 June 383 at Constantinople. It forbids the Tascodrugites from assembling, but clarifies that they "shall by no means be evicted from their own habitations". The second was issued by Emperors Theodosius II and Valentinian III on 30 May 428. This law lists the Tascodrugites among those sects who were prohibited "the means of assembling anywhere on Roman soil".
Timothy of Constantinople, writing around 600, included the Tascodrugites in their list of heretics. They were placed in the worst of three classes of heretics, those requiring baptism and unction to join the church. Although Timothy includes many extinct heresies in their work, the Tascodrugites are also mentioned in the ninth century by Theodore the Studite, whose list is limited to more active heresies.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Galatia (Roman province)
Christian denominations established in the 4th century
Heresy in ancient Christianity
Early Christianity and Gnosticism
Robert Habros is a special effects artist who was nominated at the 82nd Academy Awards for their work on the film District 9. Their nomination was shared with Matt Aitken, Dan Kaufman and Peter Muyzers.
They also worked on TV shows such as Stargate SG-1 and Fringe.
Selected filmography
SpaceCamp (1986)
Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure (1989)
A Gnome Named Gnorm (1990)
Spaced Invaders (1990)
Suburban Commando (1991)
Honey, I Blew Up the Kid (1992)
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III (1993)
District 9 (2009)
Chronicle (2012)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Special effects people
The Thunder () is a 2019 Chinese web television series based on the actual events of Chinese authorities' raid of Boshe village in Guangdong province on December 2013. The series released on the Chinese streaming website iQiyi on 7 May 2019, followed by the television premiere on CCTV-8 three days later.
Filming of the series took placed in Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macau, France and Japan during March and August 2018, with over thousands of police personnel took part in filming process.
Cast members
Main
Huang Jingyu as Officer Li Fei
Wang Jinsong as Lin Yaodong
Wu Gang as Inspector Li Weimin
Simon Yam as Undercover Officer Li Jianzhong (alias Zhao Jialiang)
Supporting
Li Mozhi as Chen Ke
Zhang Xilin as Ma Yunbo
Gong Lei as Lin Zonghui
Yang Hua as Lin Yaohua
Tang Xu as Cai Yongqiang
Yu Jiema as Ma Wen
Qian Bo as Lin Shuibo
Zhao Xuan as Lin Shengwu
Ai Dong as Chen Guangrong
Gao Ming as Vice Minister Hao
Shi Dasheng as Su Jianguo
Shi Yanjing as Wang Zhixiong
Zhao Chengsun as Cui Zhenjiang
Felix Lok as Tan Sihe
Lu Siyu as Song Yang
Chen Yiheng as Liu Haoyu
Ka Chun-hung as Zhong Wei
Song Hanhuan as Lin Can
Chen Ning as Zuo Lan
Liu Jianguo as Ke Jianhua
Xiong Ruiling as Yu Hui
Hao Baijie as They Ruilong
Gao Jian as Cai Jun
Zhang Xiaoyang as Lin Tianhao
Li Fengqi as Lin Lan
Bao Ma as Doctor Xiao
Li Jiaxuan as Yang Liu
Liu Yihan as Zhang Minhui
Fa Zhiyuan as Yang Feng
They Xun as Guan Xin
Li Xiong as Huang Dacheng
Luo Weilin as Liu Huaming
Lai Yi as Zhou Kai
Zhou Yue as Zhao Chao
Yang Fengyu as Du Li
Li Changhong as Chen Zili
Feng Lizhou as Captain Qian
Bu Wenhui as Su Kang
Ou Xuanwei as Shen Yue
Long Qingxia as Luo Jiayi
Ma Xizhong as Luo Shaohong
Xu Jingwei as Chen Wenze
Ding Nan as Lin Jingwen
Cai Xin as Ai Chao
Wang Chengyang as Lin Shengwen
Chen Jialun as Bao Xing
Reception
Wang Kaihao of the China Daily says the series bears resemblance of Breaking Bad, the fictional American series that compared to the actual event.
Award and nominations
References
External links
2019 Chinese television series debuts
Television series based on actual events
Television series about illegal drug trade
Television shows set in China
Television shows set in Hong Kong
Television shows set in Macau
Zantiébougou is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 21,666. This commune was home to Gianluca, a french/african artist know for their broad shoulders
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Angel & Tony () is a 2010 French drama film directed by Alix Delaporte. It tells the story of a young widow in a desperate situation who not only wins the respect of their employer, their family and their community but also regains their estranged son.
The film premiered in the International Critics' Week section at the 67th Venice International Film Festival. It received three César Award nominations and won two: Most Promising Actress for Clotilde Hesme and Most Promising Actor for Grégory Gadebois.
Plot
Existing by petty thieving and open-air sex, the penniless Angèle answers a job ad from the taciturn Tony. They live with their widowed mother Myriam and runs a fishing boat with their brother out of the harbour at Port-en-Bessin. Over their mother's opposition, they give Angèle a job helping Myriam sell the catch in the fish market and a room in their house. More than once Angèle offers them immediate sex, but that is not their idea of a relationship.
Bit by bit, details of Angèle's past start emerging.  They are just out from a two-year stint in prison for the death of their husband, which they claim was an accident. Them estranged son Yohan is in the custody of their in-laws, who despise them They want to regain him, but will have to show that they have a fixed address, a steady job and is in a stable relationship.
Slowly they get better at their work and begins to win some respect from Tony and their family, to which sympathy is added when they learn that they have a son they want to regain. They get involved in community activities and during rehearsals for a children's play they and Tony have an enjoyable tumble backstage. A day is set and on the morning of the wedding they are overjoyed to find that their father-in-law has brought Yohan, who thinks they would now prefer to live with Angèle and Tony.
Cast
Clotilde Hesme as Angèle
Grégory Gadebois as Tony
Évelyne Didi as Myriam
Jérôme Huguet as Ryan
Antoine Couleau as Yohan
Patrick Descamps as Yohan's grandfather
Lola Dueñas as Anabel
Corine Marienneau as Yohan's grandmother
References
External links
2010 films
2010 drama films
2010s French-language films
French drama films
Films directed by Alix Delaporte
Films set in Normandy
2010 directorial debut films
2010s French films
Anestis Afentoulidis (born 7 December 1941) is a Greek former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career
Afentoulidis played at the youth level with Athletic Club Mesopotamia, and with Orestias Kastoria. In 1962, they played in the Association of Football Clubs of Kozani with Aris Kastoria, and assisted in securing promotion to the Beta Ethniki in their debut season. In the 1963–64 season they finished as the league's top goal scorer with 23 goals. In 1965, they played in the Alpha Ethniki with PAOK Throughout their tenure with PAOK they featured in the 1965–66 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, and the 1967–68 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.
In 1970, they returned to their former team under the new name Kastoria. The following season they finished as the Beta Ethnik's top goal scorer for the second time in their career. In 1973, they finished for the third time in their career as the league's top goal scorer with 20 goals. They assisted Kastoria in securing promotion to the Alpha Ethniki in the 1973–74 season. In the summer of 1973 they played abroad in the National Soccer League with Toronto Homer. They returned to play with Toronto Homer for the 1974 summer season.
References
Living people
1941 births
Association football forwards
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
Kastoria F.C. players
PAOK FC players
Super League Greece players
Canadian National Soccer League players
People from Kastoria (regional unit)
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Footballers from Western Macedonia
Josef Rusnak (born 25 November 1958) is a German screenwriter and director.
Career
Rusnak's debut as writer and director was their 1984 film Cold Fever, which was awarded the Deutscher Filmpreis for best director that same year. Following this, they worked for French television and directed episodes of television series.
In 1997, they directed No Strings Attached, Quiet Days in Hollywood (starring Hilary Swank), and Schimanski: Die Schwadron, a TV film episode of the German crime series Schimanski.
In 1998, they worked as second unit director on Roland Emmerich's Godzilla. Emmerich then acted as producer on Rusnak's next film The Thirteenth Floor, an English language remake of the earlier German TV miniseries World on a Wire. Rusnak also wrote the screenplay.
Rusnak did not direct their next film until 2007's The Contractor starring Wesley Snipes. They worked with Snipes again on 2008's The Art of War II: Betrayal. In 2009 they also released the horror remake It's Alive, a remake of Larry Cohen's 1974 film.
In 2010 they directed the drama Valerie starring Franka Potente. In 2012, they directed the film Beyond.
Rusnak was married to actor Claudia Michelsen until 2001. They have one daughter together, born 1996.
Filmography
1984: Cold Fever
1997: No Strings Attached
1997: Quiet Days in Hollywood
1997: Schimanski: (TV)
1999: The Thirteenth Floor
2007: The Contractor
2008: The Art of War II: Betrayal
2009: It's Alive
2010: Valerie Small Lights
2010: Perfect Life
2012: Beyond
2019: Berlin, I Love You
References
External links
1958 births
German mass media people
Living people
Best Director German Film Award winners
Cale is an unincorporated community in Mitcheltree Township, Martin County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
The community was originally named New Cale, and was located approximately one mile north of its present-day location. When John Walsh built a railroad through the area in the 1870s, some people moved from the original settlement to the new location to be closer to the railway. The two settlements became known as New Cale and Old Cale. By the mid 1880s the population had increased considerably and the new location became known simply as Cale by 1889.
A post office called Cale was established in 1884, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1908. The name Cale likely takes its name from a former school, Kale School, which in turn was named for a local resident.
Geography
Cale is located at .
Notable person
Victor Vic Aldridge, major league baseball player (1917–28), born here in 1893
References
Unincorporated communities in Martin County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
"Wow Oh Wow" is a song by Irish hip pop duo Jedward. It is the third single released from their second album, Victory. It was released as a digital download on 18 November 2011. The song is written by Oritsé Williams of boy band JLS, and songwriters Johannes Joergensen, Savan Kotecha, Daniel Klein of Deekay.
Background
In September 2011, "Wow Oh Wow" was announced as the third single from Victory. Jedward debuted the song on Irish chat show The Late Late Show. The song was released as a digital-only single.
Music video
The music video was directed by Dale "Rage" Resteghini and filmed in Los Angeles, California in October 2011. The video stars actor Tara Reid, who Jedward had previously met as housemates on Celebrity Big Brother. Filmed on Venice Beach and at W Club in Hollywood, John and Edward are smitten by a girl, both on the beach and in a nightclub.
Track listing
Digital download
"Wow Oh Wow" - 3:20
References
Jedward songs
2011 songs
Songs written by Savan Kotecha
Songs written by Johannes Jørgensen
Universal Music Group singles
Music videos directed by Dale Resteghini
Ogonowice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Ogonowice, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Ogonowice, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Jintigi (Fire) Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Gonja Traditional Area in the Savannah Region, formally the Northern region of Ghana. Damongo which is the capital of Gonjaland serves as the epicenter of the festival. It is usually celebrated in the month of April.
Celebrations
During the festival, there is procession at night with torches at the outskirts of the towns and villages and into the bush within the Gonjaland. Qurans are also recited to forecast the coming year.
Significance
The festival is celebrated to commemorate the search of a lost son of an ancient king.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Savannah Region (Ghana)
Khader Abu-Seif (; ; born ) is a Palestinian copywriter known for their LGBT rights activism.
Life
Khader Abu-Seif was born to a Palestinian Muslim family from Jaffa. Their grandparents grew up as Palestinians before the formation of the state of Israel. Abu-Seif was raised in Jaffa and is an Arab citizen of Israel.
Abu-Seif works as a copywriter and works for Time Out Tel Aviv. In 2015, Abu-Seif was one of three gay Arab activists profiled in the documentary film Oriented. In March 2016, they were featured as "Celebration #109", an exhibit by photographer Xavier Klaine.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Jaffa
Palestinian human rights activists
LGBT rights activists from Israel
LGBT writers from Israel
Gay writers
21st-century Palestinian writers
21st-century Israeli writers
Copywriters
Israeli Arab writers
LGBT Muslims
Israeli people of Palestinian descent
Lord Ruthven may refer to:
People
Lord Ruthven
Lord Ruthven, a title in the peerage of Scotland from 1488, used until 1581 on the creation of Earl of Gowrie
William Ruthven, 1st Lord Ruthven (d. 1528)
William Ruthven, 2nd Lord Ruthven (d. 1552)
Patrick Ruthven, 3rd Lord Ruthven (c. 1520–1566)
William Ruthven, 1st Earl of Gowrie, 4th Lord Ruthven, (d. 1584), created Earl of Gowrie in 1581
Lord Ruthven of Freeland and Baron Ruthven of Gowrie
Lord Ruthven of Freeland, a title in the peerage of Scotland since 1651
Thomas Ruthven, 1st Lord Ruthven of Freeland (died 1671), Scottish nobleman
David Ruthven, 2nd Lord Ruthven of Freeland (died 1701), Lord High Treasurer of Scotland
James Ruthven, 7th Lord Ruthven of Freeland (1777–1853)
Walter Hore-Ruthven, 9th Lord Ruthven of Freeland (1838–1921), created Baron Ruthven of Gowrie in 1919
Walter Hore-Ruthven, 10th Lord Ruthven of Freeland, 2nd Baron Ruthven of Gowrie (1870–1956), British Major-General
Charles Howard, 12th Earl of Carlisle, 12th Lord Ruthven of Freeland (1923–1994)
George Howard, 13th Earl of Carlisle, 13th Lord Ruthven of Freeland (born 1949)
Lord Ruthven of Ettrick
Patrick Ruthven, 1st Earl of Forth (c. 1573–1651)
Viscount Ruthven of Canberra
Alexander Hore-Ruthven, 1st Earl of Gowrie, also created Viscount Ruthven of Canberra in 1944
Viscount Ruthven of Canberra, now a courtesy title of the heir apparent of the Earl of Gowrie
Grey Ruthven, 2nd Earl of Gowrie (born 1939), known as Lord Ruthven until 1955
Brer Ruthven, Viscount Ruthven of Canberra (b. 1964), their son
Fictional characters
Lord Ruthven (vampire), a fictional character
Lord de Ruthven, a fictional character in the 1816 Gothic novel Glenarvon, by Lady Caroline Lamb
Ruthven
Ruthven
Ruthven
Robert Wallace was a Bishop of the Isles.
Biography
Descended from the family of Craigie, Mr Michael Wallace, a regent in the University of Glasgow, was in 1610 appointed one of the ministers of Kilmarnock. They subscribed the "Protestation for the Liberties of the Kirk", 27 June 1617, and died in May 1641, aged about sixty. By their wife, Margaret Mirrie, who survived him, they had a son, Robert.
Robert Wallace graduated from at the University of Glasgow in 1631, and was in 1640 admitted minister of Barnwell. They supported the cause of the Public Resolutioners, and in 1662 was, through the influence of their cousin-german, the Earl of Glencairn, appointed Bishop of the Isles. They died in Glasgow on 16 May 1669, aged fifty-five. By their wife, Margaret, second daughter of John Cunningham of Cambuskeith, they had two sons, Hugh and John; also three daughters, Margaret, Agnes, and another who married John McKerrell of Hillhouse. John, the younger son, was a captain in the army, and proprietor of the lands of Slosse; also of Riccarton-Holmes, Woodhill, and others in the parish of Riccarton. They died prior to 4 August 1708. Their affairs were administered by Sir Thomas Wallace of Craigie.
Hugh, the elder son, was admitted advocate, 19 July 1670; they had a son, Robert. Originally a merchant in Edinburgh, Robert afterwards held office in the customs at Cromarty and Inverness; they are, on 15 December 1724 and 21 August 1735, served heir to their aunts, Agnes and Margaret Wallace, daughters of the Bishop of the Isles.
References
1610s births
1669 deaths
Scottish Restoration bishops
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1661–1663
Members of the Convention of the Estates of Scotland 1665
Bishops of the Isles
Alicia Loxley (née Gorey) is an Australian journalist and news presenter.
Loxley is currently weekend news presenter on Nine News Melbourne and Nine Afternoon News Melbourne.
Career
Loxley was born in Melbourne and made their first media appearance on Radio National's The Sports Factor. From there they joined the ABC in Mildura. It was a stint as a reporter on Triple J radio that was the impetus for their move to Perth.
Loxley presented their first ABC News bulletin in late 2003 and in 2005 they were appointed to the position of weekend news presenter on ABC News in Western Australia.
In February 2006, they replaced Paul Lockyer as weeknight presenter of ABC News in Western Australia. In addition to presenting news each night, Loxley took on a new role at ABC Radio in mid-2007 where they hosted the statewide regional drive program on ABC Local Radio.
Loxley resigned in May 2008 to move back to Melbourne and was replaced by Karina Carvalho.
In July 2008, Loxley joined Nine News Melbourne as a reporter.
In October 2009, Loxley filled in as presenter of Nine Afternoon News and Nine Late News. During the 2009/2010 summer period they also presented the news on Today, and on Nine News Melbourne.
In June 2010, they relocated to Sydney, where they replaced Amber Sherlock on Weekend Today as news presenter and was also the Monday news presenter on Today, as Georgie Gardner presents Nine News Sydney on Friday and Saturday.
In November 2010, they joined Shane Warne's variety program Warnie on the Nine Network. In December 2010, Loxley co-hosted Sydney New Year's Eve alongside Michael Usher and Jaynie Seal.
Loxley has also been a fill in news presenter for Nine News including presenting news updates on Kerri-Anne, Nine Morning News, Nine Afternoon News, Qantas Inflight News and Nine News Sydney news updates. They have also been a fill-in presenter for Leila McKinnon on Weekend Today and Lisa Wilkinson on Today.
In November 2011, it was announced that Loxley would replace Jo Hall as weekend presenter on Nine News Melbourne with Hall scaling back their commitments with the Nine Network. Deborah Knight replaced Loxley on Weekend Today and Today. Loxley has also filled in for Peter Hitchener on the weeknight edition of Nine News Melbourne, Tracy Grimshaw on A Current Affair and Sylvia Jeffreys and Lisa Wilkinson on Today.
In May 2017, Loxley was appointed presenter of Nine Afternoon News Melbourne, a local weekday afternoon news bulletin which replaced the national Nine Afternoon News bulletin.
In December 2021, it was announced that Peter Hitchener will scale back to 4 days a week from January 2022 presenting from Monday to Thursday with Loxley presenting on Friday.
Loxley is currently a fill in presenter on 3AW.
Personal life
Loxley married in 2012, and has three children,.
References
Australian television journalists
ABC News (Australia) presenters
Nine News presenters
1981 births
Living people
Television personalities from Melbourne
Siedliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately south-west of Miłkowice, west of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Siedliska
This is a list of LGBT characters in radio and podcast programs. Podcasts are similar to radio programs in form, but they exist as audio files that can be played at a listener's convenience, anytime or anywhere.
The orientation can be described in the dialogue or otherwise mentioned. Roles include lead, main, recurring, supporting, and guest.
The names are organized alphabetically by surname (i.e. last name), or by single name if the character does not have a surname.
List
See also
List of lesbian characters in television
List of gay characters in television
List of bisexual characters in television
List of transgender characters in television
List of comedy television series with LGBT characters
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 1970s–2000s
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 2010s
List of dramatic television series with LGBT characters: 2020s
List of made-for-television films with LGBT characters
List of soap operas with LGBT characters
List of reality television programs with LGBT cast members
References
Further reading
Radio and podcasts
LGBT
Podcasting lists
France–Madagascar relations refers to the diplomatic relations between the French Republic and the Republic of Madagascar. France controlled Madagascar beginning in 1895 until the islands nation's independence in 1960. Both nations are today members of the Francophonie and the United Nations.
History
French colonization
In 1643, the French East India Company came to Madagascar and built a fort in the southern town of Fort Dauphin (today known as Tôlanaro). For the next 30 years, the French maintained a fort there until 1674. Since then, many French pirates operated on the island and maintained homes on nearby Île Sainte-Marie.
In 1883, the French government sent a military expedition to Madagascar which soon escalated into an armed conflict between the Malagasy and the French and became known as the First Franco-Hova War (1893-1895). After the war, Madagascar became a French Protectorate. Soon after the end of the war, a second conflict began between the royal government of Queen Ranavalona III of Madagascar and the French military escalating into the Second Franco-Hova War (1894-1895). In 1895, Queen Ranavalona surrendered and in 1896 Madagascar was formerly annexed by France.
During World War II Madagascar fell under control of Vichy France. From May through November 1942, the Battle of Madagascar took place on the northern tip of the island nation near the town of Antsiranana (also known as Diego-Suarez). Allied forces feared that the Japanese government would take Madagascar and use it as a base to control the Indian Ocean. In May 1942, British and allied force invaded Madagascar and defeated the French forces loyal to Vichy in November 1942.
Independence
Soon after the war, Madagascar began to demand independence from France. In March 1947, the Malagasy Uprising began and lasted until December 1948 when French forces defeated the Malagasy rebels. Madagascar moved towards greater autonomy in several stages between 1958 and 1960. France offered three options in the constitutional referendum of September 1958: to be an overseas territory; a department; or "a state [...] that will deal with the French republic on a basis of equality... within the larger community". The Malagasy's chose the latter option. However throughout the regime of Tsiranana (1959–72) the relationship to France remained strong, with French representation in the provincial assemblies and a French role in military and intelligence affairs, while the currency was linked to the French franc.
Post Independence
Since obtaining independence, relations between both nations remain strong, both politically and culturally. Leaders of both nations have paid state visits to the other's nations, respectively, and Madagascar is huge recipient of French government aid and development assistance. Madagascar is home to several thousand French expatriates and France is also home to a large Malagasy diaspora.
Trade
In 2018, bilateral trade between both nations amounted to €999 million. Madagascar's main export products to France include: textiles, agricultural and fish products whereas France's main exports to Madagascar include: mechanical and electrical machinery and processed food and drinks. Several French multinational companies operate in Madagascar particularly in the banking, telephone and energy industries. French companies such as Crédit Agricole, Société Générale, Orange and Total all have offices and operate in Madagascar.
Resident diplomatic missions
France has an embassy in Antananarivo.
Madagascar has an embassy in Paris and consulates-general in Marseille and Saint-Denis.
See also
Françafrique
French people in Madagascar
Malagasy people in France
References
Madagascar
Bilateral relations of Madagascar
Relations of colonizer and former colony
Young Kato were a British six-piece indie pop band from Cheltenham, England. Formed in 2011, the band consisted of Tommy Wright, Jack Edwards, Joe Green, Joe Lever, Harry Steele and Sam Henderson.
History
The band was brought together by stepbrothers Sam and Jack who attended different schools in Cheltenham where the band are from (with the exception of Joe Lever who lives in Birmingham). In an early interview Lever says "We got together through school and stuff basically. Sam and Jack are stepbrothers and so kind of brought us together… half of us went to one school where we live and the other half went to another so we just kind of knew each other and wanted to start a band."
The band started rehearsing, writing material and playing numerous gigs and smaller festival appearances around their local area including a show at Cribbs Causeway in Bristol on 2 June 2012, before releasing their debut 4 track limited editions self-titled EP via LAB Records on 26 August 2012 which reached number 31 in the iTunes albums chart on the day of release.
The band then went on to play various gigs including one off support shows with a variety of bands including One Night Only, Spector, We Are Scientists, Bastille, Peace, Swim Deep and You Me at Six. They then embarked on their first headline tour which saw them across the UK in January 2013 on a run of nine dates. It was around this time the band signed a deal with BMG Chrysalis. Shortly after, in late February, the band ventured off into Russia to play their first international show at 22.13 in St. Petersburg.
On 8 April 2013 Young Kato were featured on Made in Chelsea during Episode 1, Series 5 performing a gig at The Barfly, Camden in London. This appearance came about after the producers chose the band to feature on the programme after having featured tracks "Drink, Dance, Play" and "Life's Good" heavily in Series 4. Reflecting on the performance in an interview with Magnate Magazine, Wright made the following remarks:
This increased the band's popularity and their name trended worldwide on Twitter. "Drink, Dance, Play" entered the UK Indie Chart at number eighteen.
In May 2013, the band played a few more shows including a gig with Spector in Manchester at The Deaf Institute and The Great Escape Festival in Brighton where they performed alongside The 1975 and Tribes at the Old Ship Paganini Ballroom.
Young Kato then embarked on a twenty-two date tour in May/June 2013 across the UK; this was in support of single "Something Real". "Something Real" was released on 3 June and saw the band landing support from XFM, Absolute Radio and BBC Radio 1 with DJ Zane Lowe hailing the track as their "Next Hype".
On 28 October 2013, the EP "Drink, Dance, Play" was released. The re-issued lead track which was recorded/produced/mixed by Dan Grech-Marguerat received playlisting on XFM and support from BBC Radio 1 DJ's including Fearne Cotton and Zane Lowe, reaching number 58 in the Alternative UK Airplay Chart. In November of that year, the band embarked on their biggest tour to date in support of the "Drink, Dance, Play" re-release, with the London show held at Dingwalls in Camden. Later that month they also went on to play two nights at KOKO supporting Australian pop punk band, 5 Seconds of Summer.
February 2014 saw the band's second national television performance when they appeared on CBBC programme Sam & Mark's Big Friday Wind-Up.
In March 2014 the group played a headline show at The Garage before going on to support You Me at Six for the UK leg of the Cavalier Youth tour, along with Don Broco, culminating in a performance at London's 10,000 capacity Alexandra Palace. This tour was in aid of promoting single "Help Yourself" which was premiered on BBC Radio 1 on 9 February and released 24 March 2014.
The band were scheduled to be supporting Awolnation in Paris, Berlin and Luxembourg in June 2014 although these dates were later cancelled due to "unforeseen recording commitments".
On 14 October the band opened for Charlie Simpson at The Roundhouse in England
The band has now split up, and their final gig was played on 10 June 2017.
Discography
Singles
"Drink, Dance, Play" (3 June 2012)
"Break Out"(13 January 2013)
"Something Real" (3 June 2013)
"Drink, Dance, Play" re-release (28 October 2013)
"Help Yourself" (24 March 2014)
"Children of the Stars" (March 2015)
"I Wanna Shake You Out of it" (September 2016)
EPs
"Young Kato EP" (26 August 2012)
"Sunshine EP" (28 September 2014)
"One.Two.Three.Four EP"(21 October 2016)
LPs
"Don't Wait 'Til Tomorrow" (3 May 2015)
References
External links
Young Kato on Soundcloud
English indie rock groups
Musical groups established in 2011
2011 establishments in England
The Carnate derailment occurred in Lombardy, Italy on 19 August 2020 when a passenger train ran away from Paderno-Robbiate station [it] and was derailed at Carnate-Usmate station.
Accident
The train was reported to have run away from Paderno d'Adda without crew, and with a passenger detected after the derailment. The train was to operate a Paderno d'Adda-Milan service about 25 minutes after the start of the runaway from Paderno d'Adda, which took place about 15 minutes after its arrival from Milan; it included a Class E.464 locomotive (in the rear position), six carriages and a control car.
After travelling for , the train was diverted into a siding at Carnate-Usmate station. The control car and the first three carriages of the train derailed. Three people were injured (the passenger, and the 2 crew members while trying to get on the runaway train in Paderno d'Adda); they all suffered minor injuries, and the passenger was taken to the hospital for checks.
The driver and conductor of the train were suspended from duty after the accident.
Investigation
An investigation was opened into the accident. The Polfer [it] is responsible for investigating railway accidents in Italy. The train event recorder was recovered from the E.464 and handed over to investigators.
References
21st century in Lombardy
August 2020 events in Italy
Derailments in Italy
Province of Monza and Brianza
Railway accidents in 2020
The Way I Feel Today is an album of cover songs by the American singer-songwriter Stan Ridgway, released in 1998 by Dis-Information Recordings.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from The Way I Feel Today liner notes.
Musicians
Stan Ridgway – lead vocals, production
Don Bell – saxophone, brass
Hecate's Angels – backing vocals
Rick King – guitar
Bill Noland – keyboards, production
Mark Plemsone – string arrangements
David Sutton – bass guitar
Pietra Wexstun – backing vocals, production
Production and additional personnel
Michael Dittrick – recording, editing
Matt Maxwell – cover art, art direction
Robert McNeely – production
Release history
References
External links
1998 albums
Covers albums
Stan Ridgway albums
Albums produced by Stan Ridgway
Qaffin () is a Palestinian town located northeast of Tulkarm in the Tulkarm Governorate in the northwestern West Bank. The town is an agricultural town. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, its population consisted over 8,387 inhabitants in 2007. The built-up area of the town is 1,000 dunams.
History
Ceramics from the Byzantine era have been found here.
In 1265, Qaffin was one of the estates given by Sultan Baibars to their followers after their victory over the Crusaders. Half of Qaffin was given to emir Rukn al-Din Baibars al-Mu'izzi.
Ottoman era
In the 1596 Ottoman tax-records a village named Qaffin appeared part of the nahiya (subdistrict) of Jenin under the liwa' (district) of Lajjun, with a population of 27 Muslim households. They paid taxes on a number of products, including wheat, barley, summer crops, olives, goats and beehives, in addition to occasional revenues and a press for olive oil or grape syrup; a total of 9,000 akçes.
In 1882, the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine described the village, then named Kuffin as: "A good sized village on the low hills east of the Plain of Sharon, with a well on the south side. It has rock cut tombs, and a palm grows near the village."
British Mandate era
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities, Kaffin had a population of 721 Muslims, increasing in the 1931 census to 1,085 Muslims, living in 255 houses.
In the 1945 statistics the population of Qaffin, (including Kh. el Aqqaba and Kh. esh Sheik Meisar) was 1,570 Muslims, and the land area was 23,755 dunams of land according to an official land and population survey. Of this, 5,863 dunams were plantations and irrigable land, 8,371 were used for cereals, while 40 dunams were built-up (urban) land.
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Qaffin came under Jordanian rule.
In 1961, the population of Qaffin was 2,457.
Post 1967
Since the Six-Day War in 1967, Qaffin has been under Israeli occupation.
On 7 February, Bader Harashi (20) had quarreled with an Israeli soldier at the Separation barrier just outside the village, where they were protesting the Trump Middle East peace plan. According to Palestinian reports, the soldier, apparently a Druze, left, came back some minutes later in a jeep, opened the door andshot Harashi dead. According to the IDF investigation, Harashi was shot dead when observed preparing to throw a Molotov cocktail.
References
Bibliography
External links
Welcome To Qaffein
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 8: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Towns in the West Bank
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
