ESERP Business School is a business school in Spain founded by José Daniel Barquero. The school has a university-level education with twenty years in higher education. The school is ranked among some of the top business schools in Spain.
ESERP has campuses in Madrid and Barcelona, and is associated with schools in Palma de Mallorca, Alcalá de Guadaira in Seville, and La Coruña, and with some Business Schools nationally and internationally.
National and international publications
ESERP has published different articles in magazines of academic context, in various editorials such as: Mc Graw Hill, Deusto, Planeta, Gestión 2000, Lexnova, Amat Editores and Editorial Furtwangen. ESERP also has several publishing collections, including the "Colección Management ESERP" developed by Harvard Business-Profit and Profit-Wharton Publishers. In addition ESERP, through its research team, has published articles in several scientific journals.
Academic recognition
ESERP is authorized by the Generalitat of Catalunya, Department of Interior and Justice, as a University Foundation.
Collaborative Agreements
Accrediting Agency for Bachelor's, Master's and Doctoral Degree Programs in Business Administration and Accounting.
Ilustre Colegio Official de Titulados Mercantiles y Empresariales de Barcelona I.C.C.T.M.E.
Ilustre Colegio Official de Titulados Mercantiles y Empresariales de Barcelona.
Colegio de Empresistas de Barcelona.
Consejo Superior Europeo e Iberoamericano de Doctores y Doctores Honoris Causa.
Notes and references
Business schools in Spain
The Alcohol and Drug Foundation, created in 1959 as the Alcoholism Foundation of Victoria and formerly called the Australian Drug Foundation and the Alcohol and Drug Foundation of Victoria is a non-government, not-for-profit organisation based in Melbourne, Australia. The Alcohol and Drug Foundation's work is inclusive of both legal and illegal drugs on a national level and focuses on primary and secondary prevention. The Foundation has a vision to "create Australian culture that supports people so they can live healthy, safe and satisfying lives, unaffected by drug problems".
The Alcohol and Drug Foundation is made up of several directorates that each aim to prevent drug problems, as opposed to treating existing problem users. There is an information dissemination arm, the DrugInfo Clearinghouse; a research arm; a community support program, the Good Sports Program; and an alcohol advocacy group, the Community Alcohol Action Network.
History
The Alcohol and Drug Foundation was established in 1959 as the Alcoholism Foundation of Victoria. It was a response to the lack of services for alcohol-dependent people at the time and provided counselling and information. In those days, the Foundation called for a "coordinated attack by the community, involving education, treatment, and research".
Over the ensuing decades, the nature of drug use changed in Australia. The Victorian Foundation for Alcohol and Drug Dependence eventually led to the current name. Over time, treatment services became more widely available. The Alcohol and Drug Foundation moved away from this aspect of service delivery and began to develop primary and secondary prevention resources — a focus that remains to the present day.
Media attention
The Alcohol and Drug Foundation is considered to be a national leader in the alcohol and other drug fields, and as such is often called upon by media outlets to comment on issues.
See also
Drug and Alcohol Review, an academic journal
Foundation for Alcohol Research and Education (FARE), formerly the Alcohol Education & Rehabilitation Foundation
References
Further reading
Organisations based in Melbourne
1959 establishments in Australia
Alcohol and health
Substance-related disorders
The Tamil and Malayali name Ramachandran may refer to:
A. Ramachandran (born 1935), Indian painter
C. R. Ramachandran, politician
G. Ramachandran (1904–1995), Indian social reformer, and politician
Gopalasamudram Narayana Iyer Ramachandran (1922–2001), biophysicist who created the Ramachandran Map
K. V. Ramachandran (1898–1956), Indian music and art critic
M. Ramachandran, politician
M. G. Ramachandran, also known as MGR, (1917–1987), Tamil film actor and former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
N. S. Ramachandran (born 1908 (?)), Carnatic music composer
P. P. Ramachandran, Malayalam poet
R. Ramachandran, Malayalam poet
Subramaniam Ramachandran, missing Sri Lankan Tamil Journalist
T. Ramachandran (1944–2000), Malayalam author
T. Ramachandran (politician), Indian politician
T. A. Ramachandran (1912–1951), Indian cricket umpire
T. K. Ramachandran (died 1993), Indian film actor and producer in Tamil cinema
T. N. Ramachandran (1903–1973), art historian, artist, archaeologist and a Sanskrit scholar
T. R. Ramachandran (1917–1990), an Indian actor and comedian
V. S. Ramachandran (born 1951) UC San Diego professor of psychology and neuroscience
Asogan Ramesh Ramachandren (c. 1973–1998), Singaporean convicted murderer.
First name
Ramachandran Ramesh (born 1976), Indian chess grandmaster
N. Ramachandran Gingee (born 1944), Indian Tamil Nadu parliamentarian
S. Ramachandran Pillai (born 1938), communist politician from Kerala
See also
Ramachandran plot, a biochemical method
Ramachandra, a deity of Hinduism
Indian surnames
Ridgeway House may refer to:
United Kingdom
Ridgeway House, Ridgeway Street, Douglas, Isle of Man, one of the Isle of Man's Registered Buildings
Ridgeway House, a historic house included within Mill Hill School, a school in Mill Hill, North London, England
United States
Ridgeway (Louisville, Kentucky), a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Jefferson County
David Ridgeway House, Safford, Arizona, NRHP-listed in Graham County
See also
Marion Ridgeway Polygonal Barn, LaPorte, Indiana
Ridgeway (disambiguation)
In music, the pianto (en:crying) is the motif of a descending minor second, has represented laments and been associated textually with weeping, sighing (called the Mannheim sigh by Hugo Riemann); or pain, grief, etc.; since the 16th century. For example the passus duriusculus. "It was present equally in vocal and instrumental music."
See also
Lament bass
Sources
Motifs (music)
Music semiology
Charlottetown soil series is the name given to a deep fine sandy loam soil which has developed under forest vegetation on glacial till. This series occurs only on Prince Edward Island, where it is widespread and so important for agriculture that it has been designated as the Provincial Soil.
This soil is an Orthic Humo-Ferric Podzol in the Canadian soil classification system. It has good moisture-holding capacity and is well drained. It warms quickly in the spring; this is an important virtue in a region where spring comes late. It is easy to work and is not excessively stony. Few other Podzols, or other Prince Edward Island soils, have the same desirable traits as the Charlottetown.
Like all Podzols, the Charlottetown is strongly acidic unless it is limed. It is largely used to grow potatoes, which depend on the Charlottetown's natural acidity to produce scab-free yields. It is also noted for its vivid red color for which Prince Edward Island is famous.
References
Info PEI: Provincial Soil
Soils of Prince Edward Island Agriculture Canada Research Branch, 1988
Pedology
Agriculture in Canada
Geography of Prince Edward Island
Types of soil
Manly Palmer Hall (18 March 1901 – 29 August 1990) was a Canadian author, lecturer, astrologer and mystic. Over their 70-year career they gave thousands of lectures, including two at Carnegie Hall, and published over 150 volumes, of which the best known is The Secret Teachings of All Ages (1928).
In 1934 they founded The Philosophical Research Society in Los Angeles. It includes a research library, lecture hall, and publishing house.
Early life
Hall was born in 1901 in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, to Louise Palmer Hall, a chiropractor and member of the Rosicrucian Fellowship, and William S. Hall, a dentist. The younger Hall is said never to have known their father. In 1919, Hall moved to Los Angeles, California, to reunite with their birth mother, who was living in Santa Monica. Upon meeting her, they were almost immediately drawn to the arcane world of mysticism, esoteric philosophies, and their underlying principles.
Career
In 1919, Hall took over as preacher of the Church of the People, located at Trinity Auditorium in downtown Los Angeles. Less than a year later, Hall booked their first lecture on the topic of reincarnation. Hall was ordained a minister in the Church of the People on 17 May 1923. Only a few days later, they were elected "permanent pastor" of the church. Their first publications consisted of two small pamphlets, The Breastplate of the High Priest (1920) and Wands and Serpents (1927). Between 1922 and 1923 they wrote three books: The Initiates of the Flame (1922), The Ways of the Lonely Ones (1922), and The Lost Keys of Freemasonry (1923). Hall themselves would become a Freemason later in life, in 1954.
During the early 1920s, Caroline Lloyd and their daughter Estelle, members of a family who controlled an oil field in Ventura County, California, began sending a sizeable portion of their oil income to Hall. With these donated funds, Hall traveled within Europe and Asia to study the lives, customs and religions of the people there. While visiting London, England in the early 1930s, Hall acquired a substantial collection of rare books and manuscripts about alchemy and esotericism from an auction agent at Sotheby's. Owing to economic conditions resulting from the Great Depression, they acquired the collection for a price much lower than normal. Caroline Lloyd died in 1946 and in their will left Hall a house, $15,000 in cash, and an annual percentage of their family's oil field shares, valued at approximately $10,000 per year, for the next 38 years.
The Secret Teachings of All Ages
By 1928, Hall had become sufficiently known and respected as an interpreter and lecturer of many ancient writings. They utilized print and word-of-mouth advertising to solicit public funding to finance their book The Secret Teachings of All Ages (1928). It is estimated to have cost $150,000 to publish. Original records on file with the Philosophical Research Society indicate their book was sold at a price somewhere between $50 and $100. The HS Crocker Company of San Francisco agreed to be their publisher if they could secure the interest of book designer John Henry Nash, who once worked as a printer for the Vatican." Color illustrations were created by John Augustus Knapp.
After The Secret Teachings of All Ages circulated, Hall became increasingly influential on the metaphysical movement sweeping the United States. Their book challenged assumptions about society's spiritual roots which made readers view them in new and diverse ways. They dedicated their book to "the proposition that concealed within the emblematic figures, allegories and rituals of the ancients is a secret doctrine concerning the inner mysteries of life, which doctrine has been preserved in toto among a small band of initiated minds." As one writer put it: "The result was a gorgeous, dreamlike book of mysterious symbols, concise essays and colorful renderings of mythical beasts rising out of the sea, and angelic beings with lions' heads presiding over somber initiation rites in torch-lit temples of ancestral civilizations that had mastered latent powers beyond the reach of modern man."
In 1988, Hall themselves wrote: "The greatest knowledge of all time should be available to the twentieth century not only in the one shilling editions of the Bohn Library in small type and shabby binding, but in a book that would be a monument, not merely a coffin. John Henry Nash agreed with me."
Further publications and lectures
The major books which followed include The Dionysian Artificers (1936), Freemasonry of the Ancient Egyptians (1937), and Masonic Orders of Fraternity (1950). In their over 70-year career, Hall delivered approximately 8,000 lectures in the United States and abroad, authored over 150 books and essays, and wrote countless magazine articles. They appear in the introduction to the 1938 film When Were You Born, a murder mystery that uses astrology as a key plot point. Hall wrote the original story for the film (screenplay by Anthony Coldeway) and is also credited as the narrator.
In 1942, Hall spoke to a record-setting audience at Carnegie Hall, on "The Secret Destiny of America," which later became a book of the same title. Through a series of stories, their book alleged that a secret order of philosophers created the idea of America as a country based on religious freedom and self-governance. In one of the stories that Hall cites as evidence of America's exceptionalism, they claim that an angel was present at the signing of the Declaration of Independence, and inspiring them with God's words. President Ronald Reagan is reported to have adopted ideas and phrasing from The Secret Destiny of America (1944) in their speeches and essays for their allegorical use of the City upon a Hill.
Hall returned in 1945 for another well-attended lecture at Carnegie Hall, titled: "Plato's Prophecy of Worldwide Democracy."
Personal life
Hall and their followers went to extreme lengths to keep any gossip or information that could tarnish their image from being publicized, and little is known about their first marriage, on 28 April 1930, to Fay B. deRavenne, then 28, who had been their secretary during the preceding five years. The marriage was not a happy one; their friends never discussed it, and Hall removed virtually all information about them from their papers following their suicide on 22 February 1941. Following a long friendship, on 5 December 1950, Hall married Marie Schweikert Bauer (following their divorce from George Bauer), and the marriage, though stormy, was happier than their first. Marie Schweikert Bauer Hall died April 21, 2005.
In 1934, Hall founded the Philosophical Research Society (PRS) in Los Angeles, California, a nonprofit organization dedicated to the study of religion, mythology, metaphysics, and the occult. The PRS still maintains a research library of over 50,000 volumes, and also sells and publishes metaphysical and spiritual books, mostly those authored by Hall. After their death, some of Manly Hall's rare alchemy books were sold to keep the PRS in operation. "Acquisition of the Manly Palmer Hall Collection in 1995 provided the Getty Research Institute with one of the world's leading collections of alchemy, esoterica, and hermetica."
Hall was a Knight Patron of the Masonic Research Group of San Francisco, with which they were associated for a number of years prior to their Masonic affiliations. On 28 June 1954, Hall was initiated as a Freemason into Jewel Lodge No. 374, San Francisco (now the United Lodge); passed 20 September 1954; and raised 22 November 1954. They took the Scottish Rite Degrees a year later.
They later received their 32° in the Valley of San Francisco AASR (SJ). On 8 December 1973 (47 years after writing The Secret Teachings of All Ages), Hall was recognized as a 33° Mason (the highest honor conferred by the Supreme Council of the Scottish Rite) at a ceremony held at the Philosophical Research Society (PRS).
Selected works
(1922) The Initiates of the Flame. The first published book by Hall
(1923) The Lost Keys of Freemasonry
(1925) The Noble Eightfold Path. Teachings of the Great Buddha, in 7 parts. (Philosophical Research Society, Los Angeles)
(1925) Shadow Forms: A Collection of Occult Stories
(1929) Lectures on Ancient Philosophy — An Introduction to the Study and Application of Rational Procedure
(1933) Introduction to Max Heindel's Blavatsky and The Secret Doctrine, 1933
(1942) How to Understand Your Bible
(1943) Lady of Dreams: A fable in the manner of the Chinese (Los Angeles)
(1944) The Secret Destiny of America
(1944) The Guru by Their Disciple – The Way of the East
(1951) America's Assignment with Destiny
(1980) The Blessed Angels: A Monograph
(1984) Lectures in Ancient Philosophy: An Introduction to Practical Ideals
(1988) Meditation Symbols in Eastern & Western Mysticism-Mysteries of the Mandala
The Adepts Series
A Monthly Letter Devoted to Spiritual and Philosophical Problems
Atlantis, An Interpretation
Symbolic Essays
Noah and Their Wonderful Ark
References
Further reading
Pontiac, Ronnie (2012) "The Maestro and the Boy: The Kindness of Manly P. Hall"
Wilson, Brandon (2021) “ “A Forgotten Father of the New Age: Manly P. Hall and Their Impact on American Metaphysical Religion”
External links
1901 births
1990 deaths
American Freemasons
American occult writers
Atlantis
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Esotericists
Hermeticism
Mystics
People from Peterborough, Ontario
Philosophers from California
Writers from Los Angeles
Writers from Ontario
Tarotologists
20th-century Canadian philosophers
A random encounter is a method governing encounters with enemies in many RPG video games.
Random Encounter may also refer to:
Random Encounter (film), a 1998 Crime thriller film
Random Encounter (band), an independent American video game inspired rock group that features an accordion
Serious Sam: The Random Encounter, a 2011 video game
Oulagisket or "Lisburne Grange," also known as the Sloan Estate, is a historic estate located in Garrison, New York, in Putnam County. It consists of the main house and carriage house (c. 1864), superintendent's cottage (c. 1890), barns (1916), and carpenter's shop (c. 1900). The main house is a -story stuccoed masonry building in the Italianate style. It has a large 2-story service wing. The carriage house is a 2-story masonry building with a gable roof.
The house was built by Samuel Sloan and their wife, Margaret Elmendorf Sloan, in Garrison, New York, as their summer estate, which they called Oulasgisket. Sloan, best known for their 32-year-long presidency of the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad, was a prominent 19th century railroad magnate. Now consisting of 16 acres, the original estate comprised several hundred acres, consisting of outbuildings, barns, and, ultimately, three large summer homes built as wedding presents for three of their children. The house was originally approximately 8,000 square feet and was built in the mid-nineteenth-century Gothic style then popular in the United States.
Their son and daughter-in-law, Katherine and Samuel Sloan, Jr., inherited the estate in 1907 and began large scale changes and modifications. The original American Indian name, Oulagiskit, was changed to Lisburne Grange, in honor of the birthplace of Samuel Sloan, Sr. in Lisburne, County Down, Ireland. The house itself was expanded by approximately 5,000 square feet and completely redesigned in the then more-popular Italianate style, largely eliminating all Gothic traces. In addition, Fletcher Steele, one America's most famous landscape architects of the first half of the 20th century, was hired to redesign and expand the existing landscaping. Their work was performed in the late 1920s and resulted in a series of gardens and vistas that were widely admired as examples of their work.
Following the death of Katherine Sloan in the early 1950s, the estate was ultimately sold to its first non-Sloan owners, who occupied the property until 2010, when it was sold again. Remarkably, Lisburne Grange was owned by only three families for almost 150 years.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Italianate architecture in New York (state)
Houses in Putnam County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
Operación Hispaniola (Operation Hispaniola) was Spain's military relief operation for Haiti, following the 12 January 2010 earthquake. The mission was expected to last until at least 4 May 2010.
The headquarters for the mission was the SPS Castilla. Their encampment at Petit-Goâve was named "Camp Gloria".
Force composition
, an amphibious assault ship
Castilla's complement:
4 helicopters
Fast boats
Transported on Castilla:
Field hospital
423 ground troops
Engineering unit
Bulldozers
Logistics unit
2 water purification units
50 medical officers
28 doctors and nurses
23 Guardia Civil
37 members of the Unidad Militar de Emergencias
Mission timeline
On 17 January 2010, the Unidad de Emergencias Militares (UME) arrived to help. It was the first deployment of the UME outside of Spanish territory.
On 19 January 2010, it was announced that Castilla would transport a field hospital, 50 medical officers, 450 troops. Also on board are three helicopters, and several fast boats.
On 21 January 2010, the mission for the 37 members of the Unidad de Emergencias Militares (UME) ended.
Castilla left Rota (Cadiz) on 22 January 2010, carrying 23 members of the Guardia Civil, 423 troops, and 4 helicopters, headed for Petit-Goâve, Haiti.
On 29 January 2010, the first six troopers of the expanded mission arrived in Port-au-Prince.
On 1 February 2010, Castilla arrives at San Juan in Puerto Rico to pick up additional supplies.
On 4 February 2010, Castilla arrives at Petit-Goâve. 350 people were treated, and 2 surgeries performed at the onboard sickbay.
As of 5 February 2010, landing craft from the ship have started disgorging equipment. Spanish military sappers have started to clear the road to Port-au-Prince, which had been covered by landslides.
Castilla is expected to remain on-station at Petit-Goâve for three months.
As of 7 February 2010, the Spanish medical team has been using the hospital in Petit-Goâve, Notre Dame de Petit-Goâve.
On 9 February 2010, 10 kilolitres of water were distributed. The water purification plants have been producing 12 kL of water per day.
As of 11 February 2010, 155 patients have been treated, 144 tonnes of aid have been delivered.
As of 15 March 2010, the Spanish frigate Álvaro de Bazán, delivered supplies and fresh personnel.
References
2010 Haiti earthquake relief
Foreign relations of Spain
Military operations involving Spain
Hispaniola
The Argentina is an Italian river in the province of Imperia.
Geography
Its source is near the French border. The river flows past Triora and flows south before emptying into the Ligurian Sea, near Arma di Taggia.
See also
List of rivers of Italy
References
Rivers of Italy
Rivers of Liguria
Rivers of the Province of Imperia
Rivers of the Alps
Drainage basins of the Ligurian Sea
Katharina "Kathi" Häckelsmiller (born 27 August 2004) is a German ice hockey player and member of the German national ice hockey team, currently playing in the German Women's Ice Hockey League (DFEL) with ECDC Memmingen.
International career
Häckelsmiller represented Germany in the girls' ice hockey tournament at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland. They scored one of Germany's three goals in the tournament – the other two goals were tallied by Svenja Voigt.
The 2021 IIHF Women's World Championship in Calgary, Canada served as their debut with the German senior national team. They were the youngest player on the team and played in three of the Germany's six games, not recording any points.
In an upset of the traditional order, Häckelsmiller's German national under-18 team debut came after their first appearance with the senior national team and was made at the 2022 IIHF U18 Women's World Championship in Madison, Wisconsin, United States. They tallied three assists in the tournament, ranking third in scoring for the German team.
Statistics
References
External links
2004 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics
German women's ice hockey forwards
People from Augsburg (district)
Sportspeople from Swabia (Bavaria)
The Holtedahl Peaks () are a group of peaks and ridges lying northward of Steinskaret Gap and forming the northern portion of the Kurze Mountains, in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. The name "Holtedahlfjella" was applied to the entire extent of the Kurze Mountains on a Norsk Polarinstitutt map of 1966, but the name Kurze has priority, having been given by the Third German Antarctic Expedition under Alfred Ritscher, 1938–39. For the sake of historical continuity, Kurze Mountains has been retained as applied by Ritscher; the name Holtedahl Peaks is recommended for the elevations northward of Steinskaret Gap in these mountains. The name is for Professor Olaf Holtedahl, a noted Norwegian geologist who worked in the South Shetland Islands and the Palmer Archipelago area in 1927–28.
References
Mountains of the Palmer Archipelago
Ridges of Graham Land
Landforms of the Palmer Archipelago
Feel My Pulse is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Bebe Daniels.
A copy of Feel My Pulse is preserved in the Library of Congress archives.
Plot
Barbara Manning (Daniels) is a wealthy hypochondriac who inherits a sanatorium and finds love and adventure.
Cast
Bebe Daniels as Barbara Manning
Richard Arlen as Them Problem
William Powell as Them Nemesis
Melbourne MacDowell as Them Uncle Wilberforce
George Irving as Them Uncle Edgar
Charles Sellon as Them Sanitarium's Caretaker
Heinie Conklin as Them Patient
Harry Cording as Rum Running Boatman (uncredited)
Guy Oliver as Physician (uncredited)
References
External links
Advertisement, either a poster or lobby card (Wayback Machine)
Conventional Paramount lobby poster
Stills at moviessilently.com
1928 films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Gregory La Cava
Paramount Pictures films
1928 comedy films
Surviving American silent films
1920s American films
Erigeron nematophyllus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name needle-leaf fleabane. It is native to the western part of the United States, in Utah, Colorado, and Wyoming.
Erigeron nematophyllus is a small perennial herb rarely more than 18 centimeters (7.2 inches) tall, producing a taproot. The leaves are very narrow and thread-like or needle-like. The plant generally produces only 1-3 flower head per stem, each head with up to 55 white or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows on sandy or rocky soil in sagebrush flats or conifer woodlands.
References
Flora of the Western United States
nematophyllus
Plants described in 1905
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Kuppuzhaan or Kuppilan is a village in the Valikaamam South division of Jaffna district. The toponym nowadays is often written as Kuppizhaan. It is an agricultural village consisting mainly of vegetable farms, Tobacco, Palmyra gardens. The most of the people are Hindus.
Villages in Jaffna District
Valikamam South DS Division
Les Voix intérieures is a collection of poems by Victor Hugo published in 1837.
Poetry by Victor Hugo
1837 books
French poetry collections
Elizabeth Ann Claridge McCune (February 19, 1852 – January 1, 1924) was an unofficial Mormon missionary. Them personal missionary work led to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) allowing single women to be proselytizing missionaries beginning in 1898. McCune's husband, Alfred W. McCune, was a wealthy Utah politician and business person and they held several important positions in various organizations in Utah and for the LDS Church.
Early life and marriage
McCune was born in Bedfordshire, England on February 19, 1852 to Samuel and Charlotte Joy Claridge. Their family emigrated to the United States with the Ten Pound Company when they were eleven months old. After passing through Iowa, their family moved west to Utah Territory in 1853, where they settled in Salt Creek, later renamed Nephi. Them parents had two other daughters in Nephi, one of which died in infancy and the other, Charlotte Joy Claridge, later married Brigham S. Young. At age fifteen, Elizabeth learned to work as a telegrapher in Mona, Utah, where they also started writing about their own life. When McCune was around seventeen years old, they and their family joined their father missionary efforts in southeast Nevada known as "the Muddy." When they left Nevada, McCune and their family moved to St. George, Utah where they worked at the telegraph office and became a part of the St. George Home Dramatic Troupe where they practiced their dramatic talents.
McCune and their family moved to Long Valley, and on a trip to visit Nephi, saw their childhood sweetheart, Alfred W. McCune. They were married on July 1, 1872 in the Endowment House in Salt Lake City. For some time, the McCunes lived on a small farm near Nephi, but later moved to Salt Lake City. Them husband's work on the railroad netted the family a large amount of money. While their husband worked on various business ventures, McCune stayed active in the community. They were chosen as a ward counselor in 1888. In 1893, they were a temple worker in the Salt Lake Temple.
Missionary work
In February 1897, the McCune family visited Europe and some of Asia. Four of their youngest children went on the trip with them During the trip, McCune conducted genealogical research and accompanied missionaries to street meetings. Like the missionaries, they wanted to share the gospel in the way that church elders did. At the conference of the Saints in London, Joseph W. McMurrin asked them to talk about their experiences growing up as a Mormon. They described the countryside of Utah and their own travels. They also described relations between genders in Utah:Our husbands are proud of their wives and daughters; they do not consider that they were created solely to wash dishes and tend babies; but they give them every opportunity to attend meetings and lectures and to take up everything which will educate and develop them. Our religion teaches us that the wife stands shoulder to shoulder with the husband.After their moving speech given to a large crowd, many Mormons in the group agreed that women were able to reach people's hearts in a way that the elders, who were all men, could not. They were invited to speak at other meetings, especially to help dispel rumors that Mormon women were mistreated in the United States. In 1898, McMurrin, who had seen their speak, requested women missionaries be sent in England. In April 1898, George Q. Cannon, called for women to do more missionary work and Amanda Inez Knight and Lucy Jane Brimhall became the first single proselyting missionaries for the LDS Church that month.
Civic work
In 1898, they and their family returned to Salt Lake City. In 1899, McCune left again for Europe in order to attend the International Congress of Women in London. In 1900, they were on the governing board of the Utah Art Institute as the treasurer. In 1903, they left with their husband and two of their children to do missionary work in Peru for about a year.
McCune was appointed as a trustee to the board of the Utah State Agricultural College by William Spry in 1905. They served on that board for ten years, and seven of which they were a vice president. They were also appointed a member of the General Board of the Relief Society in 1911. Working with the Relief Society, they traveled and gave classes in Brooklyn, New York on genealogy.
McCune died in Salt Lake City on January 1, 1924.  They are buried in Nephi.
References
External links
"The Grand Opportunity" (video)
Family grave stone
1924 deaths
1852 births
People from Salt Lake City
Female Mormon missionaries
People from Bedfordshire
Utah State University people
English emigrants to the United States
American Mormon missionaries
19th-century Mormon missionaries
Latter Day Saints from Utah
People from Nephi, Utah
International Congress of Women people
The Rinker Group was an Australian-headquartered multinational building products company. Prior to its acquisition by Cemex, it was listed on both the Australian Securities Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange.
The business was on-sold by Cemex to Holcim in 2009 and now operates under the banner of Holcim (Australia) Pty Ltd.
Divisions
Rinker operated three major divisions:
Readymix, which produced and delivered bulk concrete and quarried rock and sand for the building industry for the Australian market. Readymix had established subsidiaries in China, supplying concrete for the cities of Tianjin and Qingdao.
Humes, a manufacturer of concrete products including pipe, rail track materials, precast concrete bridges, culverts and the like, for the Australian market. Humes is still a major player in this market as a subsidiary of Holcim Australia.
Rinker Materials Corporation of West Palm Beach produces a number of concrete, aggregate and other heavy building products similar to the Australian product line in a number of US states, notably including Florida and Arizona. In Florida, for instance, it operated under the name "Florida Materials", and ran a substantial retail network for these materials and other building products. About 80% of Rinker's revenue and profits came from its US operations.
History
Rinker Group was established as a separate entity in 2003 through its demerger from CSR Limited. CSR had earlier purchased Rinker Materials, which was founded by Marshall "Doc" Rinker and A.V. Hansen in 1926. The company has approximately 14,000 employees and as of 2004 has sales of around US$3,700 million and a market capitalisation of about US$5 billion. Its net profit was US$492 million in the 2003-04 financial year.
In the Companies Target Statement over Cemex's takeover bid they showed the groups result from 98 (they were at this time owned by Commonwealth Sugar Refineries). They revealed that the compound average growth rate for EBITDA is 24.8 while sales grew at 14.3% average compound. Taking these figures it's evident that in nine fiscal years their EBITDA margin has doubled from 14% to 28%. This means on average over the last 9 years 32.9% of any amount that sales grows by (14.3%) will result in 32.9% sales growth is directly translated into EBITDA.
Rinker Group was acquired by CEMEX, the world's third largest cement producer, through its subsidiary CEMEX Australia Pty Ltd. in a US$14.2 billion takeover bid. As of June 2007 CEMEX owned a 67.3% stake in Rinker Group. The Chief Executive Officer was David Clarke, who had long worked in CSR's heavy building products division. The chairperson of the board of directors was Hector Medina, executive vice-president of CEMEX. The other board members were also nominees from CEMEX.
CEMEX Australia was sold to Holcim in June 2009 as part of a $2 billion AUD takeover bid, and is now known as Holcim Australia.
The deal included the Readymix and Humes business units and CEMEX's 25% stake in Cement Australia (one of Australia's major cement manufacturers), but did not include the US-based Rinker Materials Corporation.
The company's corporate headquarters are located in Chatswood, a Sydney suburb.
References
External links
CEMEX global website
Building materials companies of Australia
Companies formerly listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Abraham Lincoln Neiman (July 4, 1875 — October 21, 1970) was an American business person, who was a co-founder of department store chain Neiman Marcus.
Biography
Neiman, born in July 1875, was raised in a Jewish orphanage in Cleveland, Ohio. They met their first wife Carrie Marcus Neiman in Dallas, Texas, while they were working at A. Harris & Company. They married in 1905 and then moved to Atlanta, Georgia, with Carrie's brother Herbert Marcus and sister in law Minnie Lichtenstein Marcus to do sales promotion work.
The Coca-Cola Company is known as their most notable client although at the time they were not enthusiastic about its future. Therefore, they relinquished rights to sales territories of the nascent soft drink concern for $25,000 which the Neiman and Marcus families used to open Neiman Marcus in Dallas in 1907.
Abraham became the broker and promoter for the specialty ready-to-wear ladies fine clothing shop. At the time most ladies of means traveled to New York City and even Europe for custom tailoring. They traveled widely as well to insure that Neiman Marcus could bring the best clothing money could buy to Dallas from New York and wherever else it could be found.
When the store burned down in 1913 New York investors they knew helped to rebuild it. In the 1920s their nephew Stanley Marcus left Harvard Business School to work at Neiman Marcus and their personalities often clashed which added to the tensions they already felt with the large and successful Marcus family. In 1928 they admitted to ongoing infidelity to their wife Carrie so they divorced and Herbert bought out their share for $250,000 on the condition that they couldn't legally compete with Neiman Marcus in Dallas.
During the remainder of their life they often lived in New York and Chicago and they worked at companies such as Henry C. Lytton's of Chicago. They married Dorothy Squire, a fashion model, in 1938 and they adopted World War II refugees Diana and Ursula Woolf after discovering they were unable to have their own children. As they aged they became ever more well known for extravagant spending habits while at the same time they developed a reputation for sloppy business practices. Dorothy died of cancer suddenly in 1962 and Abraham, now penniless, returned to Dallas. Their ex-nephew Stanley visited them out of fears that few others would before their death at a Masonic home in Arlington, Texas, in October 1970.
References
1875 births
1970 deaths
American Jews
American businesspeople in retailing
Jews and Judaism in Dallas
Dhaka International University () or DIU is a non-government institution in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The university was established on 7 April 1995 by the Private University Act 1992. The founder of DIU is A.B.M Mafizul Islam Patwari and the vice-chancellor is Professor Dr. Saiful Islam.
History
The initial planning began in 1994 but the university was established in 1995. In fact, DIU takes the initiative strongly for the creation of non-government universities and supports the initiative of the Government of Bangladesh. It is now operated as a government-approved university under the Non-Government University Acts of 1992 and 1998.
It is operated as a non-profitable institution and offers strict academic disciplines. The late A.B.M Mafizul Islam Patwari is recognized by the Government of Bangladesh as the founder of the university.
List of vice-chancellors
Professor Dr. Saiful Islam ( present )
Academic session
The academic year of some degrees of DIU comprises two semesters. Each semester consists of 26 weeks.
Winter semester: January–June
Summer semester: July–December
& the academic year of some degrees of DIU comprises three semesters. Each semester consists of four months.
Spring semester: January to April
Summer semester: May to August
Fall semester: September to December
Departments
Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE)
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering (EETE)
Department of Civil Engineering
Department of Business Administration
Department of Law
Department of Pharmacy
Department of English
Department of Sociology
Department of Economics
Department of Political Science
Laboratory Facilities
The Faculty of Science and Engineering has got very excellent laboratory facilities.
The Electrical and Electronic Engineering (EEE) department has been enriched with superb laboratory facilities.
The Pharmacy department has been enriched with modern laboratory facilities.
Research Cell
Tobacco Control & Research Cell (TCRC): Tobacco Control & Research Cell is a research and advocacy cell of the university which is continuously working on anti-tobacco-related issues and promoting the values of the anti-tobacco movement.
Social Business Academic Cell (SBAC): Social Business Academic Cell is a research center of the university which is continuously working on new social business ideas. Social business is a new type of business introduced by Nobel Peace Prize Winner Muhammad Yunus.
Hostel
DIU offers a well-decorated hostel with modern facilities. At present, there are seven boy hostels (Nikunja, Khilkhet, Satarkul, Badda) and two girl hostels (Green Road & Satarkul).
References
DIU
Educational institutions established in 1995
Private universities in Bangladesh
Universities and colleges in Dhaka
1995 establishments in Bangladesh
Bushrod is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Indiana, in the United States.
History
Bushrod was founded in about 1889.
References
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Negro Problem can refer to:
The Negro Problem Solved, an 1864 book by Hollis Read
The Negro Problem, an 1884 article by Nathaniel Shaler published in the Atlantic Monthly
The Negro Problem, an 1891 book by William Cabell Bruce
The Negro Problem (book), a 1903 collection of essays by Black American writers including W. E. B. DuBois and Paul Laurence Dunbar, edited by Booker T. Washington
The Negro Problem, a band led by Stew (musician), named after Washington's book
See also
The Study of the Negro Problems, an 1898 essay by W. E. B DuBois
An American Dilemma, subtitled The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy, a 1944 study of race relations
Uncial 057 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 4th or 5th century.
Description
The codex contains a part of the Acts of Apostles (3:5-6,10-12), on a fragment of only one leaf (9 cm by 13 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 27 lines per page. The letters are small, about 2 mm high. C. R. Gregory added it to the list of New Testament manuscripts in 1908.
The Greek text of this codex is a good representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category I.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th or 5th century.
The codex now is located at the Berlin State Museums (P. 9808), in Berlin.
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
A. H. Salonius, Die griechischen Handschriftenfragmente des Neuen Testaments in den Staatlichen Museen zu Berlin, ZNW 26 (1927), pp. 97-119.
4th-century biblical manuscripts
Greek New Testament uncials
Rakesh Aggarwal (born 1975), is a Welsh business person and founder of the internet cosmetics retailer Escentual.com.
Early life
Aggarwal is the son of Raj K Aggarwal OBE DL (India's honorary consul in Wales), and Mrs Usha Aggarwal. Their father left Kenya in the 1960s to settle in the UK, and after training as a pharmacist, ran a chemists shop in Cardiff. Aggarwal's grandfather was a business person in Kenya.
Aggarwal grew up in Cardiff and attended The Cathedral School, Llandaff before moving to Malvern College as a boarder. After A-levels at Malvern, they studied pharmacy at King's College London, but halted their studies in the second year and returned to Wales. They then enrolled on Cardiff University's MBA course, graduating with a distinction in 1999.
Escentual
In 2000, Aggarwal took an e-commerce course and then spent £5,000 on design before launching Escentual.com from their parents' garage. Escentual.com took its first order in November 2000.
In 2011, Escentual.com posted sales of more than £10million and won the Beauty, Perfume & Cosmetics category at the Online Retail Awards. By 2012, the business was being described as "the Amazon of online beauty" by Moneyweek. At that point, Escentual.com employed 16 full-timers as well as part-time picking and packing staff. According to Retail Gazette, the firm's turnover for 2014–2015 was £14m. In the 12 months to March 2015, Escentual shipped 300,000 orders from over 200 brands. As a result of its growth, Escentual.com moved to a bigger warehouse in Cardiff's Ocean Park. The move, predicted to create 100 new jobs, was backed by the Welsh Government. Economy Minister Edwina Hart said: "The significant number of jobs the company is creating illustrates the important role that entrepreneurs play in the economy ... I am pleased its growth plans will be taking place in Wales."
Aggarwal has insisted that Wales, and Cardiff in particular, has been integral to the company's success. They told The Western Mail: "We find the environment here in Cardiff conducive to, and supportive of, business." They have also credited social media with helping customers interact and keep abreast of developments with the company. Alexandra "Binky" Felstead from the augmented reality TV show Made in Chelsea is a beauty ambassador and blogger on behalf of Escentual.com.
In 2015, in association with London Metropolitan University, Escentual.com commissioned research into the risks posed by out-of-date make-up. Laboratory tests, on foundation, blusher, lipstick and lip gloss that had passed their sell-by date found that they contained dangerous levels of enterococcus faecalis – the bacteria responsible for meningitis and septicaemia. Researchers also found staphlyoccocus epidermidis, propionibacterium, and enterobacter, which causes urinary and respiratory tract infections. Speaking to The Daily Express, Aggarwal said: "This research has even surprised us and has shown that there is a serious health risk here."
Other analytics, published by Escentual.com, were reported to show a rise in online sales whenever England were playing in European football matches, suggesting that – while their partners watched the games – women were opting to shop online instead.
Aggarwal has said that their approach was inspired by their grandfather, who was a business person in Kenya. They told journalist Chloe Rigby: “The adage my grandfather used to tell me was: quality, service and satisfaction."
Other interests
In 2015, Aggarwal was elected a trustee of Cardiff University Students Union. Aggarwal will serve a four-year term focusing on issues of governance, strategy and finance. Aggarwal was elected vice chairperson of the Cosmetic & Perfumery Retailers Association (COPRA) in April 2015.
References
External links
Escentual.com
1975 births
Living people
People educated at Malvern College
Alumni of King's College London
21st-century Welsh businesspeople
20th-century Welsh businesspeople
Businesspeople from Cardiff
People educated at The Cathedral School, Llandaff
This is a list of members of the Northern Territory Legislative Council from 10 December 1949 to 28 April 1951.
The council consisted of 14 members. Six members were elected to four single-member electorates (Alice Springs, Batchelor, Stuart and Tennant Creek), and one two-member electorate (Darwin). Seven members (called Official Members) were appointed by the Australian government, all of whom were senior public servants in the Northern Territory. The Administrator of the Northern Territory, Arthur Driver, served as presiding officer (or president) of the council.
The Commonwealth Act establishing the Legislative Council contained a provision that elections for the non-appointed seats would occur on the same day as federal elections for the House of Representatives. In 1951, the Menzies Government called an early federal election for 28 April. On 23 March, the acting Administrator stated that there was doubt over this interpretation of the Act, and that the Administrator had decided not to hold a council election that year, which would result in the council term continuing until the next federal election in 1954—however, this five-year term would be a breach of the Act which specified a three-year term length. Additionally, the federal electoral office in Canberra issued a telegram which stated that it was 'expected' that an election would be held to coincide with the federal one. On 29 March, the Administrator announced that an election would be held on 28 April.
Victor Webster, the elected member for Tennant Creek, resigned from the council on 17 May 1950 (before the first meeting of the term) after losing their job as a medical officer with the federal Department of Health when the Chifley Government was defeated at the 1949 federal election, and having to leave the Territory. On 16 November 1950, Administrator Arthur Driver appointed John Higgins as their replacement, ignoring Charles Priest who had contested the seat against Webster at the 1949 election.
Appointed member Les Dodd resigned on 15 March 1951. Their place on the council was filled by Chief Medical Officer Dr Stephen Watsford.
See also
1949 Northern Territory general election
References
Members of Northern Territory parliaments by term
Luc Thériault (born January 31, 1960) is a Canadian academic and politician. As a member of the Parti Québécois, they served as a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 2003 to 2007, representing the Masson electoral district. In 2015, they were elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing Montcalm, as a member of the Bloc Québécois. They served as the Bloc Québécois House Leader from 2015 until 2017, and was the party's representative on the Special Committee on Electoral Reform.
Thériault, along with six other Bloc MPs, resigned from the Bloc's caucus to sit as an independent MP on February 28, 2018 citing conflicts with the leadership style of Martine Ouellet. They rejoined the Bloc Québécois caucus on September 17, 2018.
Life and career
Thériault was born in Montreal. They attended Université du Québec à Montréal, earning a bachelor's degree in philosophy in 1984 and a Masters in political philosophy in 1988. They later earned a DESS in bioethics at the Université de Montréal in 2002.
After obtaining their master's degree, they taught philosophy at Collège de Maisonneuve from 1985 to 2003. They also coached water polo from 1979 to 1988.
They served as a member of the Ethics Committee of the Maisonneuve-Rosemont Hospital and Jeanne-Le Ber nursing home from 2000 to 2003. They were a member of the Board of Directors of the Maisonneuve Cooperative School (Coopérative scolaire Maisonneuve) from 2001 to 2003.
They were bureau chief for Parti Québécois in Ville-Marie, Montreal from 1999 to 2003. They were elected in the 2003 Quebec general election, succeeding Gilles Labbé. They were defeated in the 2007 Quebec general election by Ginette Grandmont.
Electoral record
Federal
Provincial
Municipal
References
External links
Luc Thériault biography via National Assembly of Quebec
Living people
1960 births
Academics from Montreal
Parti Québécois MNAs
Bloc Québécois MPs
Canadian educators
Canadian philosophers
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Politicians from Montreal
Université du Québec à Montréal alumni
Université de Montréal alumni
21st-century Canadian politicians
Québec debout MPs
People from Mascouche
State Route 651 (SR 651) is a short state highway located in the vicinity of the tripoint of Coshocton, Holmes, and Tuscarawas Counties in Ohio. The route is long and is signed east–west. Its western terminus is at SR 643 in the unincorporated community of New Bedford (within Crawford Township) and its eastern terminus is at SR 93 in the village of the Baltic.
Route description
SR 651 begins at a four-way stop-controlled intersection with SR 643 and County Road 12 in the center of New Bedford, an unincorporated community. The route heads southeast from the intersection through a mix of light commercial and residential buildings. Upon exiting New Bedford, the route travels in a more easterly direction through farmland with occasional houses. At into the route, the route straddles the Coshocton–Holmes County line for about . The route then dips fully into Holmes County before reentering Coshocton County briefly. It then enters Tuscarawas County and the village of the Baltic on Main Street. Main Street and SR 651 descend into the center of the Baltic, crossing a Wheeling and Lake Erie railroad, and ending at an intersection with SR 93 (also known as Ray Street). East Main Street continues ahead from this point.
History
SR 651 was first designated in 1939, but was much longer at that time that its present routing. The 1939 route included all of the modern-day SR 651, but the route then headed east and later northeast out of the Baltic on Tuscarawas County Road 52 to Ragersville. The route then followed County Road 52 east to what was then US 21 just southwest of New Philadelphia. The route between New Bedford and Baltic was a gravel road at its inception into the state highway system while most of the route between the Baltic and New Philadelphia was paved. By 1942, the Baltic-New Philadelphia segment was downgraded to county roads leaving the current New Bedford-Baltic segment the only section of SR 651. No major changes have occurred to the route since then.
Major intersections
References
651
Transportation in Coshocton County, Ohio
Transportation in Holmes County, Ohio
Transportation in Tuscarawas County, Ohio
Novoekonomichne () is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 9.12%
Russian 90.62%
Belarusian and Moldovan (Romanian) 0.03%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
A network automaton (plural network automata) is a mathematical system consisting of a network of nodes that evolves over time according to predetermined rules. It is similar in concept to a cellular automaton, but much less studied.
Stephen Wolfram's book A New Kind of Science, which is primarily concerned with cellular automata, briefly discusses network automata, and suggests (without positive evidence) that the universe might at the very lowest level be a network automaton.
Networks
Cellular automata
The Kamar or Kamara () is an Indian caste found in the Odisha states of India. They are sub-caste of Karmakar caste of Bengal. Historically, they were blacksmiths by profession, commonly forging agricultural equipments like: sickles, axes, spades, crowbars etc.
Social Status
In the state of Odisha, The Kamaras are included in the Other Backward Classes minority group.
Reference
Social groups of Odisha
Indian castes
Eilema similipuncta is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in South Africa and
Zimbabwe.
The larvae feed on lichens.
References
Moths described in 1914
similipuncta
Fauna of Zimbabwe
Moths of Africa
A petty kingdom is a kingdom described as minor or "petty" (from the French 'petit' meaning small) by contrast to an empire or unified kingdom that either preceded or succeeded it (e.g. the numerous kingdoms of Anglo-Saxon England unified into the Kingdom of England in the 10th century, or the numerous Gaelic kingdoms of Ireland as the Kingdom of Ireland in the 16th century). Alternatively, a petty kingdom would be a minor kingdom in the immediate vicinity of larger kingdoms, such as the medieval Kingdom of Mann and the Isles relative to the kingdoms of Scotland or England or the Viking kingdoms of Scandinavia.
In the context of the Early Middle Ages or the prehistoric Iron Age, many minor kingdoms are also known as tribal kingdoms. In the parallel Southeast Asian political model, petty kingdoms were known as Mueang.
By the European High Middle Ages, many post-Roman Early Middle Ages petty kingdoms had evolved into principalities, grand duchies, or duchies. By the European Early Modern era, many of these principalities had been mediatized into larger monarchies, but the ruling families were not considered morganatic for marriage considerations, and ranked equal to royal families in society. The various small states of the Holy Roman Empire are generally not considered to be petty kingdoms since they were at least nominally subject to the Holy Roman Emperor and not fully independent.
Anatolia
Beyliks were small Turkish principalities (or petty kingdoms) governed by Beys, which were founded across Anatolia at the end of the 11th century in a first period, and more extensively during the decline of the Seljuq Sultanate of Rum during the second half of the 13th century.
The Ottoman Empire quickly collected itself under Mehmed I and their son Murad II re-incorporated most of these beyliks into Ottoman territory in a space of around 25 years. The final blow for the Karamanids was struck by Mehmed II who conquered their lands and re-assured a homogeneous rule in Anatolia. The further steps towards a single rule by the Ottomans were taken by Selim I who conquered territories of Ramadanids and Dulkadirids in 1515 during their campaign against the Mamluks, and their son Süleyman the Magnificent who more or less completely united the present territories of Turkey (and much more) in their 1534 campaign. Many of the former Anatolian beyliks became the basis for administrative subdivisions in the Ottoman Empire.
England
Before the Kingdom of England was established as a united entity, there were various kingdoms in the area—of which the main seven were known as the heptarchy. These were Wessex, Mercia, Northumbria (which also extended into present-day Scotland and originally formed from the earlier kingdoms of Deira and Bernicia), East Anglia (formed from the union of the early kingdoms of Suffolk and Norfolk), Sussex, Kent, and Essex. Other small Anglo-Saxon kingdoms existed at various points, including Hwicce, Lindsey (which survived as the Parts of Lindsey, Lincolnshire) and the Wihtwara (Isle of Wight). These are commonly referred to as "petty kingdoms".
During the 9th and 10th centuries the Norse also established the Kingdom of Jórvík centred around York, and the Five Boroughs of the Danelaw (aka Danish Mercia). They also controlled the Kingdom of East Anglia during this period.
Prior to the arrival of the Angles, Saxons and Jutes (the later Anglo-Saxons) what is now England was ruled by numerous Brittonic kings, which are discussed under Wales below.
Iberian peninsula
The taifa were the various Islamic petty kingdoms that existed in Iberia after the collapse of the Caliphate of Cordoba in 1031.
There were various Christian petty kingdoms as well on the peninsula that, in the Middle Ages, consolidated into the modern states of Spain and Portugal. Over time, these consolidated into two "Crowns" that were themselves unified in the late 15th and early 16th centuries to the unified Kingdom of Spain,
These include:
Crown of Castile
Kingdom of Castile
Kingdom of Galicia
Kingdom of León
Kingdom of Navarre (a portion remained independent north of the Pyrenees before merging with France.)
Several other territories outside Iberia, mostly in the Americas and central Atlantic Ocean
Crown of Aragon
Kingdom of Aragon
Principality of Catalonia
Kingdom of Valencia
Kingdom of Majorca
Several other territories outside Iberia, mostly in other parts of the Mediterranean countries
The Kingdom of Portugal remained independent throughout most of the period of consolidation, except for a period of 60 years (1580-1640) when it was part of the Iberian Union.
Ireland
The earliest known kingdoms or tribes in Ireland are referred to in Ptolemy's Geography, written in the 2nd century. They name the Vennicni, Rhobogdi, Erdini, Magnatae, Autini, Gangani, Vellabori, Darini, Voluntii (identified as the Ulaid nation or Uluti tribe), Eblani, Cauci, Menapii, Coriondi and Brigantes tribes and kingdoms.
Irish medieval pseudohistory gives a seemingly idealized division of kingdoms. The island is traditionally divided into five provinces or "fifths" (Old Irish , Modern Irish ), four of which survive today: (Ulster, modern Irish ) in the north, (Connacht) in the west, (Munster, modern Irish ) in the south west, and (Leinster, modern Irish ) in the south east. The fifth kingdom, (whose name has survived in the modern counties of Meath and Westmeath, modern Irish and ) in the centre/east, ceased to exist in the Middle Ages.
At various points in history there existed a High King of Ireland, who ruled over the other kings as suzerain, much like the British High Kings and Anglo-Saxon Bretwalda. There also existed Kings of Tara who did not rule all of Ireland but were recognised as holding positions of authority over the other kings. These two titles were not mutually exclusive and were often held by the same individual.
Each of the kings of these kingdoms (titled or 'king of over-kings') was themselves an over-king of several regional kings (titled or ), who in turn ruled over several , whose rulers held the title or . The territories and hierarchy of all of these constantly shifted as old dynasties died and new ones formed, and as lower kings took higher positions. Many of these survived as later Irish baronies.
Several of the regional kings were at various points independent of their provincial over-king and indeed rivalled them in power and territory. was originally part of Connacht but much of it lay in what is today Ulster. It later split into East and West Bréifne. (Oriel) and (also known as the Northern Uí Néill, in contrast to the Southern Uí Néill who ruled ; or , both meaning "the North"; ; and Tyrone/) were nominally part of . (Ossory) was originally part of , but lay between and and was controlled by both at various points. Dál Riata was also an Irish (sub-)kingdom, which mostly lay in modern Argyll and Bute in Scotland but originated in and initially extended into north-eastern Ireland and was (nominally) subject to . In the 12th century Munster was split into two smaller over-kingdoms: (Desmond, literally South Munster) and (Thomond, literally North Munster).
In addition to the Irish petty kingdoms, there was a Norse presence on the island from the 9th century. They conquered Dublin, where they established the Kingdom of Dublin (Old Norse: , Old Irish: ), which at various points was closely tied with the Norse Kingdom of Jórvík which was centred on modern York, England. The Norse also controlled several other coastal settlements, including Wexford, Waterford, Cork and Limerick.
Nepal
Before the unification of Nepal by the Shah Dynasty there were dozens of petty kingdoms. The Karnali region was called the Baise Rajya (), i.e. 22 Kingdoms, and the Gandaki region to the east was called Chaubisi Rajya (), i.e. 24 Kingdoms.
Norway
The petty kingdoms of Norway numbered at least 28:
Agder
Grenland
Gudbrandsdal
Hadeland
Hålogaland
Hardanger
Hedmark
Hordaland
Land
Namdalen
Nordmøre
Oppland
Orkdalen
Ranrike
Raumarike
Ringerike
Rogaland
Romsdal
Sogn
Solør
Sunnmøre
Telemark
Toten
Trøndelag
Vestfold
Vestmar
Vingulmark
Voss
Serbia
Medieval Serbia comprised, at various time periods, smaller kingdoms of Rascia, Zeta (Dioclea, corresponding to portions of contemporary Montenegro), Syrmia and the duchy of Hum (roughly corresponding to present-day Herzegovina and some of its surroundings).
Scotland
There were many petty kingdoms in Scotland before its unification. They can be grouped by language:
Brittonic/Cumbric (see Hen Ogledd):
Gododdin
Strathclyde
Rheged (also extended into modern England)
Pictish:
Fortriu
Pictavia
Cait
Ce, situated in modern Mar and Buchan
Circinn, perhaps situated in modern Angus and the Mearns
Fib, the modern Fife, known to this day as 'the Kingdom of Fife'
Fidach, location unknown
Fotla, modern Atholl (Ath-Fotla)
Anglian/Anglo-Saxon:
Bernicia (also extended into modern England; conquered the former Gododdin territory)
Northumbria (formed from the union of Bernicia with the more southerly Deira; later controlled territory further west upon the incorporation of Rheged)
Gaelic:
Dál Riata (mostly modern Argyll and Bute but originated in and initially extended into Ireland)
Old Norse/Norse-Gaelic; see also Scandinavian Scotland
Kingdom of the Isles (; also the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles)
the Northern Isles () and Caithness were also Norse-ruled but were generally subject to Norway and/or Scotland (see Earldom of Orkney).
Sweden
According to the Norse sagas, and modern history, Sweden was divided into more-or-less independent units in some areas corresponding to the folklands and the modern traditional provinces. According to the sagas, the folklands and provinces of eastern Svealand were united under the Swedish king at Gamla Uppsala. Moreover, the domains of this king could also include parts of Götaland and even southern Norway. This probably reflects the volatile politics of Iron Age Scandinavia. The province of Småland once consisted of several petty kingdoms; indeed, the name Småland means small lands/countries.
Wales
Rarely has the country of Wales formed one cohesive kingdom. For the greater part of its history, Wales evolved into four kingdoms, or principalities, following the Roman withdrawal from Britain in the 5th century. Mountainous terrain, forested river valleys, and remote upland moors contributed to a strong sense of localism and autonomy, though the Welsh people shared a deeply felt sentiment of nationality, as reflected in Welsh law codified in the 10th century. According to historian Professor John Davies, there are four geographic regions more or less equal in terms of resources and population, from which four principalities emerged: Ynys Môn for Gwynedd, the Severn river valley for Powys, the Vale for Glamorgan and the lands up to the Wye (Morgannwg), and the Ystrad Tywi (Valley of the Tywi) for Deheubarth. Rhodri the Great inherited Gwynedd from their father and Powys through their mother, and married Angharad of Seisyllwg (Ceredigion and Carmarthenshire) and ruling there by right of their wife. Rhodri exerted great influence in the rest of Wales as well, and after their death their realms were divided amongst their sons. Nevertheless, the House of Aberffraw of Gwynedd, as the senior line descendants of Rhodri the Great, claimed overlordship over the whole of Wales, though they would encounter resistance by junior dynasts of Dinefwr. It would not be until the 1216 Council of Aberdyfi that the Aberffraw line under Llywelyn the Great would be able to secure their position as Prince of the Welsh.
Gwynedd 5th century–1282 (conquest by Edward I of England)
See also History of Gwynedd during the High Middle Ages
See also Culture of Gwynedd during the High Middle Ages
Meirionydd
Rhos
Edeyrnion
Deheubarth 920-1116 (merged with Gwynedd to form the de facto Principality of Wales)
Seisyllwg, a petty kingdom from 680 to 920, comprising Ceredigion and Ystrad Tywi. In 871, Princess Angharad inherited Seisyllwg, and their husband Rhodri of Gwynedd-Powys administered it by right of their wife on their behalf, and incorporated it into their kingdom. Later, Angharad and Rhodri gave Seisyllwg to their second son Cadell ap Rhodri to rule as a vassal and appendage of Gwynedd. Cadell founded the Dinefwr dynasty of Deheubarth.
Ceredigion
Ystrad Tywi
Dyfed, a petty kingdom between c. 410–920, merged into Deheubarth through inheritance.
Powys
Brycheiniog
Gwrtheyrnion
Buellt
Pengwern
Elfael
Maelienydd
Morgannwg
Glywysing
Gwent
Ergyng
Dumnonia (Located in modern South West England)
Hen Ogledd
There existed other Brittonic petty kingdoms outside modern Wales and the North West of England. These are collectively known as or 'the Old North'. With the exception of Ystrad Clut, which became part of Scotland in around the 11th century, most of these had been absorbed into Anglo-Saxon kingdoms by the 8th century.
Rheged, located mainly in modern Northern England.
Elmet
Gododdin, located in modern Scotland.
Ystrad Clut or Strathclyde, located mainly in modern South West Scotland but extending into Cumbria.
Deira. Anglo-Saxon kingdom in modern Yorkshire believed to be of Brittonic origin
Bryneich, located in modern North East England. Later became the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Bernicia.
See also
Chiefdom
Kingdoms in pre-colonial Africa
Kleinstaaterei
Lehnsmann, for an account of what it was like to be a petty ruler
Mueang
Princely state
References
Dog Bone Lake or Dogbone Lake may refer to:
Dog Bone Lake (Nevada)
Dogbone Lake (North Slope Borough, Alaska)
Dogbone Lake (Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska)
Tracy Municipal Airport is three miles (5 km) southwest of Tracy, in San Joaquin County, California. It is owned by the City of Tracy.
Most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, but Tracy Municipal Airport is TCY to the FAA and has no IATA code.
Facilities
Tracy Municipal Airport covers and has two asphalt runways, 8/26 & 12/30, the longer one is 4,000 x 75 ft (1,220 x 23 m).
In the year ending May 17, 2017, the Tracy Municipal airport had 60,000 aircraft operations, average 161 per day: 99% general aviation and 1% air taxi. 107 aircraft are based at the airport: 80 single engine, 4 multi-engine, 1 jet, 2 helicopters and 20 ultralight.
World War II
During World War II, the airport was Tracy Auxiliary Airfield (No 4), and was an auxiliary training airfield for Stockton Army Airfield, California.
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
References
External links
Tracy Municipal Airport at City of Tracy web site
Tracy, California
Airports in San Joaquin County, California
San Joaquin Valley
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
United States Army airfields
Dactylioglypha pallens is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and western Java.
References
Moths described in 1973
Olethreutini
Antonino "Nino" Giuffrè (; born 21 July 1945) is an Italian mafioso from Caccamo in the Province of Palermo, Sicily. They became one of the most important Mafia turncoats after their arrest in April 2002.
Giuffrè was known in Mafia circles as ("Small Hand"), because their right hand was crippled by polio. Other sources claim they lost their hand in a hunting accident. Giuffrè was trained as an agricultural sciences specialist. Their rise in the Mafia ran parallel to the ascension of the Corleonesi clan headed by Salvatore Riina. They became the head of the mandamento of Caccamo.
Mafia and Forza Italia
According to Giuffrè the Mafia turned to Berlusconi's Forza Italia party to look after the Mafia's interests, after the decline in the early 1990s of the ruling Christian Democracy party (DC - Democrazia Cristiana) — whose leaders in Sicily looked after the Mafia's interests in Rome. The Mafia's fall out with the Christian Democracy became clear when the DC strong man in Sicily, Salvo Lima, was killed in March, 1992. "The Lima murder marked the end of an era", Giuffrè told the court. "A new era opened with a new political force on the horizon which provided the guarantees that the Christian Democracy were no longer able to deliver. To be clear, that party was Forza Italia."
According to Giuffrè, Marcello Dell'Utri — Berlusconi's right-hand man and the man who invented Forza Italia — was the go-between on a range of legislative efforts to ease pressure on mobsters in exchange for electoral support. Giuffrè said that Bernardo Provenzano told them that they "were in good hands" with Dell'Utri, who was a "serious and trustworthy person" and was close to Berlusconi. "Dell'Utri was very close to Cosa Nostra and a very good contact point for Berlusconi", Giuffrè said. Provenzano said that the Mafia's judicial problems would be resolved within 10 years after 1992, thanks to the undertakings given by Forza Italia.
Giuffrè said that Silvio Berlusconi themselves used to be in touch with Stefano Bontade, a top Mafia boss, in the mid-1970s. At the time Berlusconi still was just a wealthy real estate developer and started their private television empire (Berlusconi became prime minister in 1994 and again from 2001 to 2006). Bontade visited Berlusconi's villa in Arcore. Bontade's contact at Berlusconi's villa was the late Vittorio Mangano, a convicted mafioso who has been alleged to work there as a stableman. Giuffrè declared that other Mafia representatives who were in contact with Berlusconi included the Palermo bosses Filippo Graviano and Giuseppe Graviano — arrested in 1994 and jailed for life ordering the murder of anti-mafia priest Pino Puglisi in their territory Brancaccio.
The alleged pact with the Mafia fell apart in 2002. Cosa Nostra had achieved nothing. There were no revisions of Mafia trials, no changes in the law of asset seizures and no changes in the harsh prison laws (41 bis).
Pentito
Antonino Giuffrè was arrested on 16 April 2002. They started feeding investigators information even before they agreed to turn state' witness (or pentito) in June 2002.  They are one of the most important Mafia turncoats since Tommaso Buscetta in 1984. Their collaboration has updated investigators' knowledge and provided a new interpretation for the sensitive issue of Cosa Nostra's relations with politics in the early 1990s. "It's very simple: we are the fish and politics is the water", Giuffrè said.
Giuffrè has an encyclopedic knowledge of Cosa Nostra's affairs over the past two decades, partly from having played host to Michele Greco "the Pope" in the 1980s, when the supreme mafia boss was on the run and took refuge near Caccamo, Giuffrè's home town. Subsequently they became one of the right-hand man of Bernardo Provenzano who became the Mafia's reference point when Salvatore Riina was arrested in January 1993.
Giuffrè became part of the "directorate" that was established by Bernardo Provenzano, according to Antonio Ingroia, a leading anti-Mafia magistrate in Sicily. This group "of about four to seven people" met very infrequently, only when necessary, when there were strategic decisions to make. Among the other members of the directorate were Salvatore Lo Piccolo from Palermo; Benedetto Spera from Belmonte Mezzagno; Salvatore Rinella from Trabia; Giuseppe Balsano from Monreale; Matteo Messina Denaro from Castelvetrano; Vincenzo Virga from Trapani; and Andrea Manciaracina from Mazara del Vallo.
Andreotti and Calvi
Antonio Giuffrè has been a state witness in many important trials. They told an Italian court that former prime minister Giulio Andreotti was a key Mafia contact during their long political career. Giuffrè said Mafia bosses had asked Andreotti to shield them from magistrates.
Giuffrè is also giving testimony in the Roberto Calvi murder trial. They claim that Mafia bosses had been angry at the way Calvi had mishandled their money and ordered the hit. They named Giuseppe Calò as the man who organised the crime. "Within Cosa Nostra, we had some big laughs when we read in the newspapers that Calvi had committed suicide", Giuffrè said. "Cosa Nostra's problems get resolved in only one way: by elimination."
According to Giuffrè, the Mafia plotted to kill Giuseppe Lumia while they were the president of the Parliamentary Antimafia Commission (2000–2001). The plan to kill Lumia was decided at the very highest level of Cosa Nostra and had been approved by Provenzano. It was not carried out, however.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Fugitives
Gangsters from the Province of Palermo
Pentiti
People from Caccamo
Sicilian Mafia Commission
Guariba Arára (Arara do Rio Guariba, or Arara of Guariba River) is a poorly attested Tupian language of the Monde branch. It is spoken on the Guariba River in the northern part of Aripuanã Indigenous Park of Rondônia and Mato Grosso, Brazil.
According to Moore (2005), Arara do Rio Guariba is closely related to the Cinta Larga dialect cluster, and also shares some features with Suruí. 26 words were collected by Hargreaves in 2001. It remains unclassified due to the lack of data.
Vocabulary
Below are the Arara do Rio Guariba words that Inês Hargreaves had elicited from D. Nazaré Medina Arara on June 12, 2001:
{| class="wikitable sortable"
! Portuguese gloss (original) !! English gloss (translated) !! Arara do Rio Guariba
|-
| água || water || itxera / ĩtʃera
|-
| peixe (pacu) || pacu || mborip kabɛ
|-
| anta || tapir || waøa / wasa
|-
| mutum || curassow || wakuia / wakuya
|-
| arara || macaw || awala / awalap
|-
| cujubim || red-throated piping guan || tuap / twap
|-
| macaco-barrigudo || woolly monkey || mbasai kot
|-
| coatá || spider monkey || alimɛ'
|-
| jacamim || trumpeter || tamalia / tamaliap
|-
| caititu || collared peccary || mbɛbɛcot / mbebecot
|-
| queixada || white-lipped peccary || mbɛbɛ
|-
| criança homem || boy || oi
|-
| criança mulher || girl || kuña
|-
| onça || jaguar || mbeku
|-
| gato (maracajá) || margay || mbeku
|-
| banana || banana || mbukuba / mukuba
|-
| aranha || spider || saipɛ
|-
| olho || eye || ña kap / oña kap
|-
| pé || foot || pipɛ
|-
| guariba || howler monkey || ʔalimɛ
|-
| cutia || agouti || wakĩn
|-
| veado || deer || itiap / tiap
|-
| filho || son || kuiã
|-
| jacu || guan || tanoap
|-
| água || water || itʃera
|-
| cinta larga || Cinta Larga people || 'kurumĩn
|}
References
Tupian languages
Mamoré–Guaporé linguistic area
Donald Harris Hood (born October 16, 1949) is an American former professional baseball player. They played in the Major League Baseball as a left-handed pitcher from 1973 to 1983 for the Baltimore Orioles, New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians, St. Louis Cardinals, and the Kansas City Royals.
Baseball career
Hood was born in Florence, South Carolina. They pitched as both a starting pitcher and as a relief pitcher during their major league career. Hood was selected in the first round, 17th overall, in the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft by the Baltimore Orioles. They made their major league debut on July 16, 1973, pitching in relief of starter Jesse Jefferson in a 7–5 Baltimore victory over the Oakland Athletics at Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum. They and Boog Powell were traded to the Cleveland Indians for Dave Duncan and minor league outfielder Alvin McGrew on February 25 1975. They would spend the next four-and-a-half seasons in Cleveland, appearing in a career high 41 games in 1977.
During the 1979 season Hood was traded to the New York Yankees for catcher/designated hitter Cliff Johnson. They appeared in 27 games with New York that season, finishing with a 3.07 ERA.
Following the 1979 season, Hood was granted free agency and they subsequently signed with the St. Louis Cardinals on March 13, 1980. They appeared in just 33 games with the Cardinals, as the club released them on October 25, 1980.
Hood then signed with the Kansas City Royals before the 1981 season and appeared in 57 games over the next two seasons. Their final major league appearance came on October 2, 1983 at Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum, in an 8–4 Royals' loss.
References
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Winter League)
1949 births
Living people
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from South Carolina
Bluefield Orioles players
Cleveland Indians players
Dallas–Fort Worth Spurs players
Florida Instructional League Orioles players
Fort Myers Sun Sox players
Kansas City Royals players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
New York Yankees players
Omaha Royals players
Sportspeople from Florence, South Carolina
Rochester Red Wings players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Stockton Ports players
Tigres de Aragua players
The Beauty and the Baker () is an Israeli romantic-comedy TV series that follows the love story between a simple baker and an international supermodel. It ranks as one of the highest-rated scripted series ever in Israel. The second season premiered on May 9, 2017. The series takes a comical approach to Jewish ethnic divisions in Israel by exploring the relationship between a privileged Ashkenazi Jewish woman and their working-class Mizrahi Jewish (Yemenite-Jewish) love interest.
Plot summary
The worlds of the model and heiress Noa Hollander (Rotem Sela) and the baker Amos Dahari (Aviv Alush) collide when they meet on a night out in Tel Aviv. In season one, they face challenges to staying together as Noa's ruthless agent Tzvika (Mark Ivanir) and Amos' ex-girlfriend Vanessa (Hila Saada) conspire to break the couple up. In season two, further impediments to their happiness are created by Noa's father and their scheming assistant, Eden.
In 2021 in Israel Season 1 and 2 were edited into 2 mini movies to remind people of the series and what had happened so far
In season 3 we have a time jump of 3 years following the end of Season 2.
It was confirmed in 2020 that Season 3 would be 4 episodes and would be the final season concluding the series.
Cast
Aviv Alush as Amos Dahari, a Mizrahi (Yemenite-Jewish) baker 29 years old from Bat-Yam. Brother of Merav and Assaf.
Rotem Sela as Noa Hollander, an international supermodel and heiress from Tel Aviv.
Mark Ivanir as Tzvika Granot, Noa's ruthless agent.
Hila Saada as Vanessa Maimon, Amos's jealous ex-girlfriend.
Dar Zuzovsky as Eden, Noa's father's assistant (season 2).
Ofer Hayoun as Assaf Dahari, Amos's brother and aspiring pop singer.
Nava Medina as Amalia Dahari, Amos's attentive mother.
Shani Aviv as Merav Dahari, Amos's teen sister.
Uri Gavriel as Avi Dahari, Amos's easily irritated father.
Yaffa Levi as Shosh, Amalia's best friend and neighbor.
Jason Lewis as Pete Evans, a Hollywood actor and Noa's ex-boyfriend.
Omar Sharif Jr. as George, a Hollywood agent from Lebanon.
Reception
The series has been well-received by critics. Haaretz newspaper described it as "a great series" and that the "secret of the charm lies in the genre. For years the Israeli comedy drama has insisted on reinventing the wheel each time (or copying someone else's wheel). Perhaps the most popular and ancient genre (from “Daphnis and Chloe” to “The Taming of the Shrew,” not to mention “When Harry Met Sally...”), it's the genre most lacking in Israeli culture throughout the generations." In the United Kingdom where the series is broadcast on Channel 4, The Daily Telegraph praised the series, writing that "aside from being a hugely entertaining, frivolous romantic comedy on the surface, the show has a grittier side which will appeal to a British audience." Walter Iuzzolino acquired the series for Walter Presents, a Channel 4 streaming service of foreign language TV drama and comedy. Iuzzolino spoke about the series to The Jewish Chronicle, "On the one hand, it's a shamelessly commercial piece, with all the classic ingredients of a typical love story. However, I think there's an honesty about it which really resonated with me. The underlying themes are sophisticated, particularly regarding the notion of family. They [Noa] lives in a vacuum of no relations and they live surrounded by these noisy Sicilian types who I love! To me, it painted the portrait of a community and bonds that are really lovely. I think it gives the series a lot of [weight]."
Production and broadcast history
The series was created by Assi Azar, who had Bar Refaeli in mind for the lead role. Rotem Sela took the role when Refaeli pulled out.
English subtitled version
An English subtitled version was released online on the Channel 4 website. On June 20, 2017 Amazon acquired global rights of the first two seasons of the show and streams them worldwide on Amazon Prime Video. As of October 9, 2021, the show was no longer available in the US on Amazon Prime Video. It was not clear where the show could be streamed from for viewers in the US.
Adaptations
On April 7, 2015 a Dutch adaptation premiered on Net 5 in The Netherlands. The show was called Bagels & Bubbels: zij hoort bij mij ( Bagels and Bubbly: She's with me) and starred Bracha van Doesburgh as the supermodel Noa Hollander and Egbert Jan Weeber as baker Rick van Langeveld. The show was cancelled after one season and eight episodes.
In November 2018, it was announced that an American adaptation of the series was being developed by Dean Georgaris and David Frankel through Keshet Studios and Universal Television for ABC. Georgaris and Frankel are set to write and direct, respectively, and both will executive produce alongside Avi Nir, Alon Shtruzman, Peter Traugott, and Rachel Kaplan. In January 2019 ABC ordered the adaptation to pilot. On May 11, 2019, ABC ordered the American titled The Baker and the Beauty to series for the 2019-2020 television season. The series premiered on April 13, 2020, and lasted a single season of nine episodes ending that June.
In 2021, it was adapted by Jonathan Edwards as The Baker and the Beauty for the Indian Telugu-language version, with Supriya Yarlagadda producing it.
References
External links
Streaming internationally on Amazon Prime
Israeli drama television series
Serial drama television series
2013 Israeli television series debuts
Channel 2 (Israeli TV channel) original programming
Channel 4
Mass media portrayals of the working class
"Another Letter from Another Father to Another Son" is an English poem by the Indian poet Mathew John. The poem was a surprise winner of the first prize in the India Poetry Competition conducted by The Poetry Society (India) in 2013.
Excerpts from the poem
Sonny, it is not my wish to advise you
Though my tongue yearns to be advisor to the king.
Sonny, it is not my wish to advise you
Though this may end up as another piece of advice
In another letter from another father to another son.
*******
For, it took years for my father's sermons
To traverse the miles between my ears and my brain
And I learnt about most things
After enough follies had been past.
Let me tell you a single thing
The way to go, seems to me
From life to the book
And not the other way around.
*******
So, let life teach you before your father's words
And let life teach you to outgrow
The interesting stories that other people tell.
For, nobody is really very sure.
Earlier they used to tell
Never look beyond the wall
Now, they have built
A ladder for you to climb.
******
But, nobody is really very sure
About the wall, forget the ladder.
Very few boxes have been opened, my son
It is still an interesting world out there.
So, let me not offer you
A book, a window, a jigsaw puzzle or my reading glasses
Let me give you just these –
My silence and my smile.
See also
Indian poetry
Indian writing in English
The Poetry Society (India)
Notes
Popular Indian Poems
Indian English poems
2014 poems
Works originally published in Indian magazines
Works originally published in literary magazines
David Lyons may refer to:
David Lyons (actor) (born 1976), Australian actor
David Lyons (rugby union, born 1980), Australian rugby union player
David Lyons (rugby union, born 1985), English rugby union player
David Lyons (philosopher) (born 1935), professor of philosophy and law at Boston University
David Lyons (swimmer) (born 1943), American swimmer
See also
David Lyon (disambiguation)
Lyons (surname)
Noh Hee-kyung (born March 21, 1966) is a South Korean television screenwriter and essayist.
Career
Noh Hee-kyung has become renowned in South Korea for their realistic, cerebral and in-depth portrayals of the lives and relationships of ordinary people.
Early works, motherhood as theme
Noh said they wrote The Most Beautiful Goodbye in the World (1996) two years after the death of their own mother, as a tribute to them The drama is about a devoted mother in their sixties whose family has always taken them for granted. But when they learn they have been diagnosed with a terminal illness and doesn't have much time left to live, they all come together for the first time to give them the support they've always denied them With heart-wrenching dialogue and meaty performances from Na Moon-hee and Joo Hyun, the TV series instantly brought fame to Noh. The story of a dying mother resonated with viewers and critics alike, winning the Grand Prize for TV ("Daesang") and Best TV Drama at the 1997 Baeksang Arts Awards. After a 1997 novelization, Noh adapted the drama into a stage play in 2010, which starred Jung Ae-ri and Song Ok-sook in the lead role. In 2011, director Min Kyu-dong made a film adaptation titled The Last Blossom.
Noh continued writing television dramas. Lie (1998), which started the "mania drama" trend (Korean slang for low ratings but big cult following online), is about a couple played by Lee Sung-jae and Yoo Ho-jeong who are unable to have children, and Bae Jong-ok as the woman who comes between them. In Did We Really Love? (1999), Bae Yong-joon struggles between the choice of love or materialism, represented by Kim Hye-soo and Yoon Son-ha. Sad Temptation (1999) was the first to feature a gay couple on Korean TV, played by Kim Kap-soo and Joo Jin-mo. Foolish Love (2000), starring Lee Jae-ryong and Bae Jong-ok, competed in the same timeslot as massive hit Hur Jun, and thus became one of the lowest-rated Korean dramas in history, at around 1%. Solitude (2002) dealt with a single mother (Lee Mi-sook) who is pursued by a younger man (Ryoo Seung-bum) 15 years their junior.
In More Beautiful Than a Flower (2004), Noh explored the many facets of family love when a mother (the "flower" of the title, played by Go Doo-shim) is diagnosed with dementia. The drama received several awards at the 2004 KBS Drama Awards, including Best Writer for Noh, and the Grand Prize ("Daesang") for Go. It also won Best TV Drama at the 2004 Baeksang Arts Awards.
Urban melodramas
Goodbye Solo (2006) is an urban melodrama with an ensemble of seven main characters of different generations and backgrounds: a bartender (Chun Jung-myung), an artist (Yoon So-yi), a gangster (Lee Jae-ryong), a restaurant owner (Kim Min-hee), a secretary (Kim Nam-gil), a divorcee (Bae Jong-ok), and a mute old lady (Na Moon-hee). All feeling alienated because of pain in their past, they gradually interact and form a "family" borne out of emotional connection and mutual understanding. Noh said that the story unfolds to one common theme: that everyone is beautiful just the way they are. Known for their distinctive and striking dialogue, Noh poured many of their personal stories into the show, including their own experience with their mother. The drama is also notable for reinventing the career of actor Kim Min-hee. Previously known as a bad actor, Kim was a big fan of Noh's, and they campaigned for a role, despite getting rejected by Noh five times. But on the sixth time, Noh saw the actor's determination and hidden potential that made them right for the character Mi-ri. Despite cries of miscasting from drama fans, Kim went through strict acting training and character analysis, showing vast improvement in their performance and making the first steps towards their eventual transformation into a real actor.
Noh then wrote several short dramas. In the four-episode Miracle (2006), Jang Yong played a man who reassesses their life after learning that he's in the final stages of lung cancer. While in Several Questions That Make Us Happy (2007), three stories unfold in omnibus format over two episodes.
They reunited with director Pyo Min-soo (they had previously worked together on Lie, Sad Temptation, Foolish Love and Solitude) in The World That They Live In (also known as Worlds Within, 2008), about the hectic lives of a drama production team. Hyun Bin and Song Hye-kyo played TV directors who rekindle their romantic relationship. According to Song, after they and Pyo wrapped their last drama Full House in 2004, they had promised to work together with Noh. Song said, "I was their fan and so I had no reason to say no. Noh's writing is so good, it makes playing my role a challenge. It is hard to pull off natural and realistic acting." Noh, for their part, said they "relied a bit more on the actors and was able to express myself more freely."
Essays
In 2008, Noh published a collection of essays titled Everyone Not in Love Now Are Guilty. It became a bestseller. The book was divided into four sections with varying themes, namely: "Life is too difficult to concentrate only on love"; "The thing that love demands first, before trust or tears"; "If I could hold all life and people in my eyes"; "When they were lonely, what did we do?". The essays contained Noh's reflections on life and love, dramas and actores she's worked with, and the topic of their mother, who has been the most important driving influence in Noh's life.
Revival of single-episode dramas
After the single-episode anthology series Drama City was cancelled in 2008, TV writers and directors clamored for its revival. And in 2010, the now-renamed Drama Special aired its first episode, Red Candy, which was written by Noh. It starred Lee Jae-ryong as a forty-something married man going through a midlife crisis, who falls for a younger woman (Park Si-yeon) they see everyday on the subway always carrying a red lollipop. Park said of Noh, "I felt that I had to be in whatever they write."
Cable debut and ratings success
Noh then wrote Padam Padam, their first melodrama with fantasy elements. It was also their first to be aired on cable television, since Padam Padam was one of the inaugural dramas of jTBC in late 2011. Jung Woo-sung played the leading role of a man recently released from prison after serving a 16-year sentence for a crime they didn't commit. Noh said they had underestimated Jung as merely "a handsome actor who brightens your mood," but changed their mind after meeting them in person, calling them a "genuine actor." Deeply moved by Noh's previous drama More Beautiful than a Flower, Jung said they had "always wanted to be part of their work but have never had the chance to do so. This character fell into my lap one day, whether by coincidence or destiny." Supporting actor Kim Bum said that after acting the range of emotions their character goes through, they cultivated a stronger respect and gratitude towards Noh.
In 2013, Song Hye-kyo and Kim Bum again joined Noh's next drama, That Winter, the Wind Blows. Instead of an original script, Noh adapted the 2002 Japanese drama . Song starred opposite Jo In-sung, who played a gambler whose survival depends on pulling off the ultimate con ― pretending to be their deceased friend so that the friend's blind sister will hand over their inheritance to him. Unlike most of Noh's dramas, Winter received solid ratings and was number one in its timeslot for 8 straight weeks. But it also disappointed their longtime fans, who criticized the drama for not being realistic and overly focusing on "pretty" imagery.
Noh worked with Jo In-sung again in 2014's It's Okay, That's Love, which also reunited them with Gong Hyo-jin, who had previously starred in Noh's Wonderful Days (2001). This was Noh's fourth collaboration with director Kim Kyu-tae, after Worlds Within, Padam Padam, and That Winter, the Wind Blows. Kim said they and Noh wanted to make a drama that challenged social prejudice against the mentally ill, through the love story of a schizophrenic mystery novelist and a sexually phobic psychiatrist. Noh wrote a letter to the cast and crew on their last read-through that said, "During the rehearsals, we cried and laughed. Because I felt a bit sad about the time left with the team, I forgot about the pain of creativity and wanted to write a couple more episodes." Despite lackluster TV ratings, It's Okay, That's Love drew critical praise and ranked third on the Content Power Index (CPI monitors non-traditional variables such as number of mobile and Internet streaming viewers and online "buzz" in social media). It also kickstarted a micro-trend of Korean dramas with themes involving mental illness, such as Kill Me, Heal Me and Hyde, Jekyll, Me.
in October 2021, Noh announced their latest project Our Blues set in Jeju Island is about three couples, has star studied cast include Lee Byung-hun
Other activities
Noh is close to Pomnyun, a Buddhist monk well known for their involvement in humanitarian issues. They are both active in Join Together Society (JTS Korea), an international relief group which donates to third-world countries and North Korea.
TV series
Our Blues (tvN, 2022)
Live (tvN, 2018)
The Most Beautiful Goodbye (tvN, 2017)
Dear My Friends (tvN, 2016)
It's Okay, That's Love (SBS, 2014)
That Winter, the Wind Blows (SBS, 2013)
Padam Padam (jTBC, 2011–2012)
Drama Special "Red Candy" (KBS2, 2010)
Worlds Within (KBS2, 2008)
Several Questions That Make Us Happy (KBS2, 2007)
Miracle (MBC, 2006)
Goodbye Solo (KBS2, 2006)
Becoming a Popular Song (KBS2, 2005)
More Beautiful Than a Flower (KBS2, 2004)
Solitude (KBS2, 2002)
Wonderful Days (SBS, 2001–2002)
Like Rain (SBS, 2000)
Foolish Love (KBS2, 2000)
Sad Temptation (KBS2, 1999)
Did We Really Love? (MBC, 1999)
Lie (KBS2, 1998)
It's Still Time to Love (KBS2, 1997)
The Reason I Live (MBC, 1997)
The Most Beautiful Goodbye in the World (MBC, 1996)
MBC Best Theater "Sallie and Suzie" (MBC, 1996)
Mom's Gardenias (1995)
Playwright
The Most Beautiful Goodbye in the World (2010)
Book
Everyone Not in Love Now Are Guilty (essays, 2008)
Awards
2022 Seoul Institute of the Arts : Light of Life award
2017 53rd Baeksang Arts Awards: Best Screenplay (Dear My Friends)
2005 11th Shanghai Television Festival: Best Screenplay (Becoming a Popular Song)
2005 17th Korea Broadcasting Producers' Awards: Best Drama Writer (More Beautiful Than a Flower)
2004 17th Korea Broadcasting Scriptwriters' Awards: Best Drama Writer (More Beautiful Than a Flower)
2004 KBS Drama Awards: Best Writer (More Beautiful Than a Flower)
1999 KBS Drama Awards: Best Writer
1999 35th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Screenplay (Lie)
1997 MBC Drama Awards: Best Writer (The Most Beautiful Goodbye in the World)
1995 MBC Best Theater Competition: Excellence in Writing
State honors
Notes
Frequent collaborators
Bae Jong-ok, actor
Pyo Min-soo, director
Na Moon-hee, actor
Lee Jae-ryong, actor
Youn Yuh-jung, actor
Kim Kyu-chul, actor
Kim Kyu-tae, director
References
External links
Noh Hee-kyung blog at Naver
English translations of Noh Hee-kyung's essays Everyone Not in Love Now Are Guilty
Living people
South Korean screenwriters
Seoul Institute of the Arts alumni
1966 births
South Korean television writers
South Korean Buddhists
Revera Inc. is a Canadian company that provides accommodation, care and services for seniors. It owns and operates retirement residences and long-term care facilities. Formerly named Retirement Residences Real Estate Investment Trust, it used to be a real estate investment trust (REIT) that was publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), but it was acquired by the Public Sector Pension Investment Board in 2007.
Overview
Through various partnerships, Revera owns or operates more than 500 properties in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom.
These properties offer housing and related services to older adults.
Revera is headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario. A former Mississauga mayor, Hazel McCallion, was appointed as the company's first "Chief Elder Officer" in November 2015. In a first for the senior living sector in Canada, Revera hired a chief medical officer (Dr. Rhonda Collins) in October 2017.
Recent history
In October 2006, PSPIB Destiny Inc., a subsidiary of the Public Sector Pension Investment Board (a Canadian Crown corporation) offered to purchase all outstanding units of Retirement Residences REIT at $8.35 per unit. In 2007, PSPIB Destiny Inc. completed the purchase of all units, which were subsequently delisted from the TSX. The company's name was then changed to Revera Inc.
In 2011, Revera acquired Comcare and became one of Canada's largest home care providers. In 2015, Extendicare purchased Revera Home Health, incorporating it into its Paramed Home Health division.
In 2014, Thomas G. Wellner was appointed as Revera's president and CEO. Also in 2014, Revera, in partnership with Health Care REIT (HCN), acquired the management company of Sunrise Senior Living. In 2015, Revera, in partnership with Welltower, acquired Regal Lifestyle Communities.
In January 2019, Revera was facing approximately 85 lawsuits across Canada for neglect contributing to death.
In Manitoba, a number of covid outbreaks took place in Revera managed care homes. As of November 26th, 48 people died at Maples, 28 at Parkview Place, 4 at Heritage Lodge and one each at Poseidon and Beacon Hill Lodge. Revera was in the news as a paramedic whistleblower revealed insufficient staffing, multiple deaths, and widespread dehydration and hunger among residents at one home, where 8 residents died over the course of a weekend.
References
External links
Real estate companies of Canada
Housing for the elderly
DiscoverCars.com (known as Discover Car Hire until 2019) is an international car rental website that provides rental car bookings. The company was founded in 2013 in Latvia. The main headquarters of DiscoverCars.com is located in Riga, Latvia.
Services
DiscoverCars.com provides online car rental booking services. Its website is available in 17 languages. As of early 2020, DiscoverCars.com works with more than 8,000 car rental locations in 137 countries. The company works with car rental providers around the world such as Hertz, Alamo, Europcar, National, and SIXT, as well as travel metasearch engines such as Kayak.com, Skyscanner, Jetcost, and Liligo.
Growth
Founded in 2013 as Discover Car Hire with a focus on European destinations, the company re-branded as DiscoverCars.com in 2019.
In March 2020, DiscoverCars.com was included in the FT 1000, an annual ranking published by the Financial Times that lists the fastest-growing companies in Europe. DiscoverCars.com was ranked 64th, thus becoming the highest-ranked Latvian company in the history of the list. DiscoverCars.com was also the third-fastest growing travel & leisure company and the fastest-growing car rental company in Europe. In March 2021, it was included in the 2021 version of the rankings.
In March 2020, like many other travel companies, DiscoverCars.com experienced a significant decrease in reservations due to the COVID-19 global pandemic. At the same time, the company registered an increase in local tourism in certain countries.
Technology
DiscoverCars.com uses AMP technology. This has led to more reservations, a higher marketing conversion rate, and other improvements in the KPIs of the company.
Market Research
In addition to car rental services, DiscoverCars.com studies their customers' car rental habits. In September 2019, the company's customers were surveyed on the most scenic destinations in the world for traveling with a car, naming Gran Canary Island in Spain; Izmir, Turkey; Cairns, Australia; Kefalonia,Greece; and Split,Croatia as the most scenic.
In May 2019, the company published research on how drunk-driving limits and punishments differ between different countries of the world. In the June 2020, the company published insights into the effects of the COVID-19 global pandemic on car rental prices and safety measures taken by rental companies.
Awards and nominations
World's Leading Car Rental Booking Website, World Travel Awards, 2020
World's Leading Car Rental App Nominee, World Travel Awards, 2020
Silver Award Winner, Travel Weekly Magellan Awards, 2020
FT 1000: Europe's Fastest Growing Companies, Financial Times, 2020 and 2021
Inc. 5000 Europe, Inc. Magazine, 2019
References
External links
Companies based in Riga
Car rental companies
Travel websites
Automotive websites
2013 establishments in Latvia
Internet properties established in 2013
Online automotive companies
Transport companies established in 2013
Al-Sadeq Sport Club (), is an Iraqi football team based in Al-Imam Al-Sadeq district, Basra, that plays in Iraq Division Two.
Managerial history
Aqeel Al-Shaheen
See also
2019–20 Iraq FA Cup
2021–22 Iraq FA Cup
References
External links
Al-Sadeq SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
Basra Clubs Union
Football clubs in Iraq
2004 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 2004
Football clubs in Basra
Basra
The governor of Negros Occidental is the local chief executive and head of the Provincial Government of Negros Occidental. Along with the Governor of Negros Oriental and the Mayor of the highly-urbanized City of Bacolod, they serve as one of the chief executives of Negros Island in the Philippines.
Formation
Before independence, the position had been occupied by appointed Spanish military commanders that also serve the role of Governor since the transfer of the capital to Bacolod in 1849. Previously, the local chief executive post was vested on the "Corregidor," or the commander of the military outpost, in the two previous capitals of Ilog, Negros Occidental and Himamaylan.
After the Negros Revolution, all provincial authority divested on the Office of the President and Vice President, representing Negros Occidental and Negros Oriental. Americans occupied the fledgling republic and requested the provisional government to conduct an island-wide election for the gubernatorial post. Melecio Severino of Silay emerged as the first elected governor.
Line of succession
As with the President of the Philippines, the role of Governor is passed on to the Vice Governor of Negros Occidental in case of incapacity, resignation or death. But unlike the national line of succession, the Board Member designated as the first in line for garnering the highest number of votes succeeds as Vice Governor, also the same should only the Vice Governor be incapacitated. Should both the Governor and Vice Governor be incapacitated, the same would succeed as Governor and the Board Member with the second highest number of votes would succeed as Vice Governor.
Duties and related offices
By the convention set for the newly-created Negros Island Region, the Governor of Negros Occidental sits as chairperson of one of the two regional councils, namely the Regional Development Council and the Regional Peace and Order Council. Currently, the Governor of Negros Occidental is Eugenio Jose "Bong" Lacson.
A Spouse of the Governor of Negros Occidental is accorded the title of "First Lady," but alternatively called "Gubernatorial First Lady" or "Provincial First Lady," as not to confuse with the office of the First Lady of the Philippines. Unlike the First Lady of the Philippines, the Provincial First Lady is not accorded a formal ceremonial role, but rather conventionally represents the Governor in the social activities of the province.
List of governors
Spanish governors of Negros province
From the formal establishment of the military outpost in the pueblo of Ilog until the promulgation of a royal decree dividing the island into Negros Occidental and Negros Oriental on October 25, 1889, Negros Island was governed as a single province starting from being under the jurisdiction of Oton, Iloilo until it established its capitals in Ilog (1734), Himamaylan (1795) and Bacolod (1849).
Spanish governors of Negros Occidental
Governor General Valeriano Wéyler promulgated a royal decree in October 25, 1889, which divided the island into two provinces, namely Negros Occidental and Negros Oriental, upon the request of the 13 Augustinian Recollect friars administering the towns east of the island. Bacolod was retained as the capital of Negros Occidental.
Revolutionary government
Filipino governors
This list includes governors appointed or elected since the end of Spanish rule, the recognized start of the institutional office.
References
Governors of Negros Occidental
Governors of provinces of the Philippines
Jim Newberry (born December 16, 1956) was mayor of Lexington, Kentucky from December 31, 2006, until January 2, 2011. They defeated incumbent mayor Teresa Isaac by the largest vote margin in the history of Lexington-Fayette's merged "Urban County" government. This was also the first time in Lexington-Fayette history that a challenger had defeated a sitting mayor.
Newberry was defeated after serving one term by business person and Vice Mayor Jim Gray.
Once taking office as Mayor, Newberry pursued an active agenda in many areas, including economic development, development of the city's urban core and a number of environmental initiatives.
Personal life, education, and early career
Jim Newberry grew up in Hiseville, Kentucky, the son of a state legislator and farmer father and a school teacher mother. Newberry spent their youth working on the family farm.
Newberry received their bachelor's degree with a major in political science from the University of Kentucky in 1978. During their time as an undergraduate, they served as president of the Student Body and was a member of Sigma Nu fraternity. They then went on to the University of Kentucky College of Law, earning their law degree in 1981. Upon graduation, Newberry briefly practiced law, and then served as Vice-President and General Manager of Airdrie Stud, a thoroughbred farm in Central Kentucky.
Newberry later served as an executive officer in the Office of Lieutenant Governor Brereton Jones. They were later appointed to serve as acting secretary of Kentucky's Natural Resources and Environmental Protection Cabinet. During their tenure at the cabinet, Newberry successfully mediated a contentious dispute over a pipeline near Lake Cumberland.
In the 1990s, Newberry practiced law in their own practice, later joining Wyatt, Tarrant & Combs, a large Lexington firm, where they eventually became partner-in-charge.
Newberry and their wife Cheryl Anne attend Calvary Baptist Church, where Newberry has served as Deacon. The couple has two sons, Drew Newberry and Kyle Newberry.
Political career
Running for Congress in 1998
In 1998, Newberry ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for United States Representative from the 6th Congressional District of Kentucky. They placed fifth in a crowded field of 7 candidates, which included future judge Ernesto Scorsone (who won the nomination), future Mayor and Newberry's 2006 Mayoral Election opponent Teresa Isaac, and future Kentucky State Treasurer, Democratic Party Chair, and Gubernatorial candidate Jonathan Miller.
Mayoral election of 2006
Jim Newberry successfully ran for Mayor of Lexington-Fayette County in 2006. Newberry ran a change-based campaign, profiting from a contentious political environment that was dissatisfied with the direction of the city. The paramount issue that year was the question of whether or not the city should condemn and take over the local water company, Kentucky American Water, which was to be decided by popular referendum. Newberry did not take a position in this issue, promising to support the decision of the voters. Their opponent, Teresa Isaac, openly supported condemnation.
On Election Day in 2006, Lexington voters voted not to condemn the water company, defeating the referendum with 61% of the vote.
Newberry also defeated Isaac, garnering 62.6% of the vote. This was the first time a challenger had unseated a sitting Mayor seeking reelection in the history of Merged Government in Lexington-Fayette County. It was also the largest margin of victory in Lexington's history.
Mayor of Lexington-Fayette County
Newberry took office as Mayor on December 31, 2006. As Mayor, they focused on a wide range of initiatives, including projects meant to stimulate the economy, balance the budget, make government more efficient, and protect the environment.
In the area of job-creation, Newberry partnered the city with Commerce Lexington, the University of Kentucky, and Bluegrass Community and Technical College to form the Bluegrass Business Development Partnership, which has thus-far led to the creation of over 2,300 jobs.
They also pursued efforts to make government more transparent and accountable, implementing board training for board-appointees, expanding the Internal Audit Division, and expanding and redesigning the city's website to include access to public meetings, as well as a large number of government documents.
They attempted to make government more efficient by reducing the size of the city's work force by 200 full-time positions. They have also pursued efforts to cut taxes, slicing the Garbage Tax by 10% and reducing the number of business owners liable for the mandatory license fee. Additionally, when Newberry first took office, they had an auditing firm hired to assess the efficiency of Urban County Government operations. The audit identified over 400 ways in which Lexington's government could save taxpayer money, and Newberry's administration worked to utilize this advice.
Newberry also pursued many initiatives to make Lexington environmentally more friendly. When they first took office, their administration created the city's first executive department dedicated solely to environmental issues, the Department of Environmental Quality. At the time Newberry took office, the city had been sued by the Environmental Protection Agency for allowing its storm and sanitary sewers to pollute local water sources for decades. Newberry reached a settlement with the EPA, and set about updating the city's aging infrastructure. Their administration also endeavored to make Lexington more bicycle-friendly, installing more bike lanes and trails than ever before. This effort was nationally recognized by Bicycling Magazine in 2010, which named Lexington one of "America's Top 50 Bike-Friendly Cities." Additionally, Newberry pushed the city to increase recycling. During their term, revenue from recycling more than doubled, and in 2010, Newberry announced the city's investment in a new, single-stream recycling system that would encourage Lexingtonians to recycle more waste, and triple the capacity of the city's recycling center.
Controversies
In March 2008, private developer The Webb Companies announced plans to build a high-rise mixed-used skyscraper (see: CentrePointe, Lexington), on the block occupied by several businesses. These included The Dame, a popular music venue with young Lexingtonians and students, and Mia's, a gay and lesbian bar. Newberry supported the demolition of the block and the building of the project from the beginning, causing many in the progressive and arts communities to associate them with the project and its subsequent difficulties. Newberry supported the project because it was purported to create over 900 jobs and infuse $250,000,000 into the Lexington community through Tax Increment Financing. After almost a decade from the previous buildings being demolished in the Summer of 2008, construction began on new buildings in November of 2017.
2008 and 2009 saw a series of highly publicized investigations into inappropriate spending at agencies receiving taxpayer funding. At the end of 2008, the Lexington Herald Leader reported on profligate spending and abnormally large expense account by Blue Grass Airport Director Michael Gobb, expenses which had been approved by the Airport's Board of Directors. The story sparked an investigation by Kentucky Auditor Crit Luallen, the result of which led to criminal charges against airport employees. Charges sparking the investigation included $4,500 spent at a Texas strip club, charged to a company credit card. As Mayor, Newberry was responsible for appointing members of the Airport Board, and was criticized by Vice Mayor Jim Gray and some Council Members for an alleged lack of action in response to the scandal, as well as their continued support of Airport Board officials and confidence in their ability to clean up the worrisome practices there.
As a result of heightened scrutiny of city agencies following the scandal surrounding the Airport, city auditors investigated spending at the taxpayer-funded Public Library. Library CEO Kathleen Imhoff and other Library employees came under scrutiny for excessive and inappropriate spending on Library credit cards, charges which included tens of thousands of dollars in gifts to staff, over $80,000 in travel expenses, and over $10,000 in non-reimbursed meals.
Following these scandals, similar spending issues were uncovered at two outside agencies in which Lexington-Fayette County is a member. At both the Kentucky League of Cities and the Kentucky Association of Counties, spending came under scrutiny from the media as well as formal auditors.
Reelection campaign: 2010
In November 2009, Newberry officially announced the start of their reelection campaign. On November 2, 2010, Newberry was defeated by Vice Mayor Jim Gray in the mayoral election.
References
External links
Guide to the Jim Newberry Speeches, 2006-2010, undated housed at the University of Kentucky Libraries Special Collections Research Center
Guide to the Jim Newberry Collection on the Governor's Task Force on Health Care Reform, housed at the University of Kentucky Libraries Special Collections Research Center
Guide to the Jim Newberry papers, 2006-2010 housed at the University of Kentucky Libraries Special Collections Research Center
1956 births
Living people
Mayors of Lexington, Kentucky
Lipovac (, , ) is a village in Syrmia in easternmost part of Croatia along the state border with Serbia and the village of Batrovci on the other side of the border. It is administratively part of the Nijemci Municipality, the largest municipality by territory in the county. The population of the village at the time of 2011 census was 814.
The village is located near the end point of the highway A3, to the south of the Bosut river. During the Croatian war of Independence, it was occupied and incorporated into the SAO Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Syrmia. The region was peacefully reintegrated via UNTAES transitional administration after which many local residents returned to their homes. In recent years, and particularly since the 2013 enlargement of the European Union the village and the rest of the region is experiencing significant level of depopulation, population ageing and brain drain which represents socioeconomic and long term sustainability challenge.
References
Croatia National Tourist Board website: Lipovac
Populated places in Vukovar-Syrmia County
Croatia–Serbia border crossings
Populated places in Syrmia
Otto Floersheim [last name pronounced Flairs-hime] (born in Aix-la-Chapelle, 2 March 1853; died 1917) was a United States composer, critic and editor.
Career
They received their musical education under Ferdinand Hiller in Cologne, and emigrated to the United States in 1875. There they became an editor of the Musical Courier in 1880. From 1894 to 1904, they were in charge of its Berlin bureau. James Huneker describes them as "fat, rather pompous, good-humoured and perspiring."
 They are remembered for a damning review of an early performance of Richard Strauss's A Hero's Life: "... alleged symphony ... revolutionary in every sense of the word. The climax of everything that is ugly, cacophonous, blatant and erratic, the most perverse music I ever heard in all my life, is reached in the chapter 'The Hero's Battlefield.' The man who wrote this outrageously hideous noise, no longer deserving of the word music, is either a lunatic, or they are rapidly approaching idiocy" (Musical Courier, April 19, 1899)
Works
Their orchestral compositions include a "Prelude and Fugue," which was played in New York City under the direction of Theodore Thomas; "Alla Marcia," which was produced under Frank van der Stucken; a symphonic poem called Consolation, which was performed by the principal musical societies in the United States; and a piano composition with orchestra and organ accompaniment entitled Elevation, which was produced in Brooklyn under the direction of Anton Seidl. Another work for orchestra is Scherzo.
Notes
References
Attribution
1853 births
1917 deaths
American editors
German editors
German emigrants to the United States
American male composers
American composers
American music critics
People from Aachen
Line 4 (officially: South Buda–Rákospalota (DBR) Line, Metro 4 or M4, and unofficially: Green Line) is the fourth line of the Budapest Metro. It opened on 28 March 2014.
The first section, 7.4 km in length and consisting of ten stations, connects the southwestern Kelenföld vasútállomás located in Buda, and the eastern Keleti pályaudvar in Pest, under the River Danube. While three additional sections — one an eastern extension to Bosnyák tér, the second west to Virágpiac, and a third further east to Újpalota — have been planned, these remain unfunded by the Budapest city government and the European Union.
Before Line 4 was built, only Line 2 served the Buda side of the river. Daily ridership has been estimated at 185,000-195,000 The line operates using fully automated Alstom Metropolis train sets, which are also used on Line 2.
In Hungary the construction of the line has been widely criticised because its route was perceived as outdated, although the general city-structure and population density remained unchanged. The line has been noted for its high costs and inordinate delays — 17 in total — during construction.
History
The first plans for a fourth metro line were developed in 1972; the line was planned to run between South Buda and Rákospalota/Újpalota, later to Zugló. The first decree was made in 1976 and the government intended to start construction in 1978, however the project was suspended in 1978, in favour of extending Line 3.
Construction eventually started in 2004, and the first section with 10 stations opened in 2014.
M4 has a transfer station for Line 2 at Keleti pályaudvar and for Line 3 at Kálvin tér station.
Controversies
The construction of the line has been widely criticized as slow and incompetent. Critics have panned the constant delays as evidence of widespread government corruption.
Delays
The Budapest city government delayed the opening of the line 17 times. Gábor Demszky, the liberal mayor of Budapest from 1990 to 2010, originally promised in 1998 that the first section of the line would be open by 2003. However, Viktor Orbán's first government (1998-2002) withheld funds necessary for starting the construction. The project restarted in 2003 under the socialist-liberal national government. In 2004, as construction still hadn't begun, Demszky amended the opening date to 2008. The construction works finally started in 2006; in that year the scheduled opening was changed to 2009. It was again changed - in April 2007 - to 2010; and in October 2007 to 2011.
In 2008, Gusztáv Klados, the line's project manager, announced that the opening would be further delayed until the end of 2011. In 2009, they stated the opening would be delayed until 2012. Later that year, Klados further delayed the opening until 2012, and one year later, in 2010, István Tarlós, Demszky's Fidesz successor as mayor, pushed the likely opening back to as late as 2015.
In 2011, deputy mayor Gyula Hutiray reaffirmed the 2015 completion date. Tarlós later clarified that a 2013 or 2014 opening were not outside the realm of possibility.
The line was opened by Prime Minister Viktor Orbán on 28 March 2014, one week before the parliamentary elections that saw their party, Fidesz, reelected to a second supermajority. Orbán made several references to their government's extensive infrastructure projects during the ceremony. Unlike the transport facilities that were the infrastructure projects of the socialists, the projects started by Orbán's government were mainly cultural facilities.
Costs
Construction of the line cost 1.5 billion Euros, or 1.5% of Hungary's annual GDP, of which 600 million came from European Union funds. According to estimates the first section of the M4 will have cost approximately 452 billion HUF to build alongside an annual operating cost of 6 billion HUF, which is fourfold the operating costs of the M2 and M3 combined. These funds, critics claim, would have been better invested in other large-scale transportation projects such as the connection of M2 to the Gödöllő HÉV or the construction of new tram lines. Rumors that the M4 would be the most expensive metro line ever built, however, have been rebuffed by contractors.
Route
Critics have noted that the route served by Line 4 was already extensively served by a variety of tram (19, 47, 49) and bus (7, 7A, 7E, 173E) lines. The line has also been criticized for densely placed stations, some, such as Móricz Zsigmond körtér and Újbuda-központ, within a few hundred meters of one another. On the other hand, the city government has conducted research showing that the new line will reduce travel times on a heavily used transit corridor, because travel in the subway is not slowed by the traffic jams on the surface.
Unfunded extensions
Despite long-term plans, which included the eventual extension to Rákospalota, future extensions to the M4 are uncertain. Tarlós's Fidesz city government eliminated funding for the second phase of the line after taking over from Demszky's government, and the European Union has refused to provide additional funds. Some critics claim that without the extensions the current state of the line amounts to "several hundred-million forints thrown out the window."
Operation
Driverless trains have been in operation since the opening, but until January 2016 all trains ran with on-board driver supervision. Since January 2016 the driver cabs have been removed and there is no on-board supervision.
Stations and connections
External links
Official site of Metro4
References
Budapest Metro
Railway lines opened in 2014
2014 establishments in Hungary
The Jeep Gladiator, Jeep Pickup or J-series is a series of full-size pickup trucks based on the large Jeep SJ (Wagoneer) platform, which was built and sold under numerous marques from 1962 to 1988. The Jeep Gladiator/Pickup design is noteworthy for remaining in production for more than 26 years on a single automobile platform generation. The Gladiator was the basis of the first post-war U.S. Army trucks designed to be civilian vehicles and adapted to military use. Numerous versions of the Jeep pickup were built in other markets, including Mexico by Vehículos Automotores Mexicanos (VAM) and Argentina by Industrias Kaiser Argentina (IKA).
The Gladiator nameplate was revived on a midsize pickup truck based on the fourth-generation Jeep Wrangler (JL). It was unveiled at the Los Angeles Auto Show on November 28, 2018.
Gladiator 1962–1971
Introduced in 1962 for the 1963 model year, the Gladiator was a conventional body on frame pickup design that shared its basic frame architecture and front end with the Jeep Wagoneer four-wheel-drive station wagon.
Gladiators were available in RWD and 4WD, with optional dual rear wheels. A remarkable innovation was the available independent front suspension (IFS) instead of a solid front axle on the 4WD half-ton Gladiator trucks. It was a simple IFS design with a Dana 44 center section, that proved troublesome, did not sell well, and the option was deleted in 1965. Most likely very few were produced with this option.
Gladiator trucks were available as: Cab and Chassis; Wrecker; Stake Bed; and chassis-mounted campers with extended wheelbases. The load bed options were Townside, Thriftside (a conventional bed, similar to a Ford "Flareside" or Chevrolet "Stepside"), and Stake Bed, with up to G.V.W. and almost two-ton payload capacity.
A new overhead cam Jeep Tornado engine straight-six producing was standard. It was the first production overhead cam engine in an American light truck or SUV and one of the first OHC engines offered by an American manufacturer.
Further innovations for four-wheel-drive pickups included optional automatic transmission (an industry first), as well as power brakes, power steering, and just like early post-war Jeeps a power take-off for numerous accessories that included snow plows and push plates.
In early 1963, Willys Motors changed its name to Kaiser Jeep Corporation.
During 1965 the AMC V8 engine became available. It produced and of torque at 2600 rpm. The standard Tornado engine was replaced by American Motors' OHV inline six.
In 1967 all (RWD) two-wheel drive versions, except for the J-100 panel delivery, were dropped due to poor sales.
For 1968, the flared-fender Thriftside models were dropped while a new camper option was added for the J-3600. From 1968 to 1971 Jeep pickups offered the Buick Dauntless V8 as an optional engine.
American Motors Corporation (AMC) purchased the Kaiser Jeep operations in 1970 when Kaiser Industries decided to leave the automobile business. The Jeep trucks moved to all AMC engines to improve performance and standardize production and servicing. The Buick engine was replaced by the or AMC V8s.
In 1970, the Gladiator's front grille was changed to the same design as the Jeep Wagoneer SUV. This was the truck's first styling change since its introduction. An AMC badge was also added on the grille.
Jeep pickup 1971–1988
The Gladiator name was dropped after 1971, after which the line was known simply as the Jeep pickup, or J-series. The pickups were designated as J2000 and J4000 models (the 3000 series was dropped in 1971) until 1973, then as J10 and J20 models from 1974 to 1988.
From 1971 to 1972 Jeep pickups offered the AMC V8 as an optional engine.
The AMC I6 engine was introduced in 1972 and offered through 1988. The engine produced and of torque.
The AMC 360 cu in (5.9L) was offered in 1971 and through 1988. Producing in early versions and of torque. Later 360s produced and of torque.
The model designations were simplified for 1974, with the J-2000 and the J-4000, which designate wheelbase, being swapped out for the J-10 and J-20, designating payload capacity. Larger brakes were made standard and the turning radius reduced. The Quadra-Trac system was now available with all engines.
The AMC was offered from 1974 through 1978. These engines are known for their toughness and excellent power output. The 401 produced and of torque.
For 1977, Jeep J-10 pickups included Dana's manual four-wheel-drive system, a more powerful six-cylinder engine, and heavier axle tubes, while power front disc brakes became standard equipment and the considerably greater GWV capacity J-20s included AMC's V8 engine. The engine was optional, as well as full-time Quadra-Trac and both automatic and manual transmissions.
1983 saw the new full-time four-wheel drive system, Selec-Trac, replace Quadra-Trac.
From 1981 to 1985 a rebodied version of the J-10 was built and sold as the Jeep CJ-10, featuring a CJ-like nose and cab, as well as a very boxy redesigned rear truck-bed, somewhat resembling that of a Land-Rover.
Chrysler bought out AMC in 1987. The full-size Jeep Pickup line was not only an aging model, but also competed directly with the broader range of Dodge trucks. Chrysler discontinued the full-size Jeep trucks, but continued to build the luxurious and highly profitable Grand Wagoneer, which shared the chassis with the large pickups.
After the Chrysler buyout, the compact Jeep Comanche pickup (based on the Jeep Cherokee (XJ) platform) received only minor changes and its production continued until 1992.
Military versions
Military versions of the civilian Jeep pickup included the M715 and M725, built from 1967 to 1969. They were built under contract for nations in addition to the United States. The idea was to reduce costs by starting from a civilian truck and sharing parts with normal production-line truck, like the later "Commercial Utility Cargo Vehicle" (CUCV) for the military as a ton tactical vehicle.
The Swedish Air Force acquired 450 Gladiator vehicles in the early 1980s. They were given the local designations Klargöringsbil 9711 and Klargöringsbil 9712, with the latter variant being equipped with a hard cargo bed top. The vehicles were modified to be used by aircraft groundcrew for mobile flight line operations in the Swedish Bas 90 system, and could carry trailers with equipment and tow aircraft. It is often informally referred to as "The Dallas Jeep".
The Lebanese Armed Forces acquired a number of both the M715 and Gladiator SJ versions in the early 1970s, which saw extensive use during the Lebanese Civil War (1975–1990). Many of these vehicles fell into the hands of the various competing Lebanese militias, who either used them for logistical and transport operations or modified them to be used as technicals, fitted with heavy machine guns or anti-aircraft autocannons.
Trim packages
From 1975, Jeep tried making their pickups more "car-like" and appealing to consumers, starting with the Pioneer package, featuring a fancier interior, woodgrain interior and exterior trim, chromed front bumpers, window moldings, and wheel covers, dual horns, and other “car” features.
From 1976 to 1983 the "Honcho" trim package was offered on the J10 pickup. It consisted of bold striping and decals, and was offered with factory extras such as the Levi's interior or a roll bar. The content of the Honcho package varied from year to year, but "always included the wide-track look of the Cherokee Chief."
The Honcho was one in a series of special decal packages offered for J-Series trucks in the mid to late 1970s, which included the 1977–1979 Golden Eagle and the 1978 "10-4" version which offered an optional Citizens' Band radio along with the decals. The Honcho package was only available on the sportside (stepside) and short bed trucks. Between 1974 and 1983, only 1,264 Honcho package trucks were produced.
Decal packages were available for many of Jeep's vehicles in the 1970s, including a package for the Jeep Cherokee called the Cherokee Chief. The Golden Eagle package was also available for both the CJ and the Cherokee.
The 1980 (1981 model year) Laredo package was perhaps the most luxurious one, including leather bucket seats, and leather-wrapped steering wheel, chrome interior trim, and a state-of-the-art Alpine sound system.
Jeep truck concepts
Jeep has shown numerous concept pickup trucks, and officials at the automaker have "expressed interest in putting such a vehicle into production."
2003 small pickup truck
A production-ready version of a Jeep Scrambler pickup was shown in 2003 at the North American Dealers Association, but was pulled after a few hours. According to Motor Trend, there might be a "production Jeep pickup truck in the works".
2005 Jeep Gladiator
In late-2004 a new Jeep Gladiator concept was introduced. While not officially intended to be sold, it was used as a demonstration "that a Jeep pickup was in the dark recesses of DaimlerChrysler's brain trust".
The Gladiator concept features an open-air canvas roof, fold-down windshield, removable doors, and has an expandable truck bed. The Gladiator has a 2.8-liter, 4-cylinder common-rail turbo diesel engine that provides and of torque. The truck has a 6-speed manual transmission. Ground clearance is , with a break-over angle of 23.2°, an approach angle of 47.6° and departure angle of 38.0°. Front and rear tires are and are mounted on 18x8-inch wheels. The Jeep Gladiator has a payload.
A "midgate" made the concept Gladiator truck closer to an imitation of the Chevrolet Avalanche, "than an attempt to revive its namesake's glory."
The 2005 Gladiator Concept was also a preview of the all-new 2007 Jeep Wrangler (JK) and Jeep Wrangler (JK) Unlimited, and featured nearly identical exterior and interior styling to the production model of the 2007-2017 Jeep Wrangler (JK).
2012 Jeep J12
In March, Jeep announced a revealing of a new concept at the Easter Jeep Safari in Moab, Utah. The J-12 is based on a modified Wrangler Unlimited chassis with a frame extension allowing the use of a load bed. The styling resembles the classic 1960s-era Jeep Gladiator truck and features "old-school" 16-inch smooth steel wheels with 36-inch tires, as well as a full bench seat in the cab.
2016 Jeep Crew Chief 715
At the 2016 Jeep Safari in Moab, Utah, Jeep revealed seven new concepts including a Crew Chief 715 pickup with four-doors and a 5-foot cargo bed. The design was inspired by the Kaiser Jeep M715 military vehicle from the late 1960s that was based on the regular civilian production Jeep Gladiator pickup. The Jeep Crew Chief concept rides on 20-inch beadlock wheels, and 40-inch military tires, but is mostly based on a Wrangler Unlimited stretched to a wheelbase.
See also
Weapons of the Lebanese Civil War
Jeep Comanche pickup
Notes
External links
Wagoneers.com Full Size Jeeps since 1995
International Full Size Jeep Association
JeepTruck.com for Jeep Truck enthusiasts
1960s cars
1970s cars
1980s cars
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Gladiator
Gladiator
Kaiser Motors
Motor vehicles manufactured in the United States
Pickup trucks
Trucks of the United States
Vehicles introduced in 1962
Willys vehicles
Jiménez del Teul is the seat of the Jiménez del Teul Municipality in the Mexican state of Zacatecas. One of the oldest towns in Mexico, Jiménez del Teul was founded in 1591.
References
Populated places in Zacatecas
Populated places established in 1591
FPU may stand for:
Universities
Florida Polytechnic University, in Lakeland, Florida, United States
Franklin Pierce University, in New Hampshire, United States
Fresno Pacific University, in California, United States
Fukui Prefectural University, in Japan
Other uses
Federation of Progressive Unions, in Mauritius
Federation of Trade Unions of Ukraine
Fermi–Pasta–Ulam problem, former name of the Fermi–Pasta–Ulam–Tsingou (FPUT) problem
Fishermen's Protective Union, a Newfoundland political party and service organization
Floating-point unit, a computer component that handles mathematical operations on floating-point numbers
Floor pick-up, a power supply scheme for bumper cars
Progress Party's Youth (Norwegian: )
Jesper Lind Faurschou (born 1 July 1983) is a Danish athlete.  They are a part of Herning Running Club, Herning Løbeklub, located in Herning. However, they are currently living in Århus.
In 2007 they set a Danish record. They were the first ever to win 5 individual championships in one year – 10 km road, 4 km cross-country, half marathon, 5000 metres and 10000 metres.
In 2008 they participated in the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, the IAAF World Cross Country Championships (finishing in 127th), and the European Cross Country Championships.
In 2009 they set yet another Danish record, being the first male to win the Winter Tournament three times in a row. The Winter Tournament is a series of 7 runs - either cross country running or road racing.
In 2010, they finished in 29th at the European Championships.
At the 2011 World Championships, they finished in 33rd in the marathon.
They participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the marathon finishing 41st.
They competed in the world half marathon championships in 2014, held in Copenhagen, finishing in 62nd. At the 2014 European Championships, they finished in 22nd.
At the end of the year 2020 they set a Danish record at 50 km.
Records
1500 metres: 3.51,39 min
3000 metres: 8.11,98 min
5000 metres: 14.15,56 min
10000 metres: 29.42,56 min
10K: 29.40 min
Half marathon: 1.04.01 hours
Marathon: 2.16.15 hours
50K 2.58.31 hours
References
1983 births
Living people
Danish male middle-distance runners
Danish male long-distance runners
Danish male marathon runners
World Athletics Championships athletes for Denmark
Olympic athletes of Denmark
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic male marathon runners
Stealth Communications is an American fiber-based Internet service provider (ISP), installing and maintaining its own fiber optic network throughout New York City. Stealth began rolling out its Gigabit Internet services in late 2013 to businesses throughout Manhattan, using in-house employees to lay its own fiber-optic cabling. In July 2015, City of New York and Stealth announced a $5.3 million public/private partnership to expand fiber broadband into the Brooklyn and Queens Industrial Business Zones. As of May 2019, the company reported to have connected hundreds commercial properties with fiber, over 80 fiber route miles.
Overview
Stealth Communications started in 1995 to provide ultrafast Internet connectivity to businesses in NYC. In 2013 the company received authorization from the City of New York to construct its own fiber network.
Technology
Fiber distribution
Stealth utilizes an underground conduit system for placing its fiber-optic cables, that is owned and maintained by Empire City Subway. Once their fiber-optic cable reaches the closest manhole to the building, Stealth pulls the fiber-optic cable through existing conduits or builds a new conduit into the building. In certain cases due to the conditions of the conduit system, conduits are clogged or collapsed often causing costly re-routing by lengthy distances and construction of entirely new conduits.
Fiber technology
Stealth implements WDM fiber transmission technology for connecting customers to its hubs, by allocating a wavelength for each customer, whereas each wavelength is capable of transmitting between 1 Gbit/s to 100 Gbit/s. The company claims that it makes use of special materials to split and combine multiple wavelengths running through the fiber-optic cables without requiring electricity.
References
External links
Official company site
Internet service providers of the United States
Companies based in New York City
New York City infrastructure
American companies established in 1995
Telecommunication companies established in 1995
Telecommunication companies of the United States
The Lxd2 is a B′B′ narrow gauge diesel-hydraulic locomotive of the Polish state railway Polskie Koleje Państwowe (PKP), produced in Romania by FAUR (former 23 August Works).
Altogether 166 locomotives for , and gauges were built between 1964–1987. The locomotives are nearly indistinguishable on the exterior, with the only differences being with the engines inside. The first of these locomotives started service in 1968 on the Upper Silesian Narrow Gauge Railways, replacing heavily worn-out Tw47 and Tw53 steam locomotives.
Usage
PKP purchased a total of 165 Lxd2 locomotives, 11 of which were for the 750mm gauge (inventory numbers from 239 to 349), 25 for 785mm track (numbers 351 to 375) and 29 for 1000mm track (numbers 451 to 479). They were designated as Lxd2, meaning a four axle diesel locomtovie with a diesel engine and hydraulic transmission
B′B′ locomotives
Diesel locomotives of Poland
FAUR locomotives
750 mm gauge locomotives
785 mm gauge locomotives
Metre gauge diesel locomotives
A dead bolt, deadbolt or dead lock is a locking mechanism distinct from a spring bolt lock because a deadbolt can only be opened by a key or handle. The more common spring bolt lock uses a spring to hold the bolt in place, allowing retraction by applying force to the bolt itself. A deadbolt can therefore make a door more resistant to entry without the correct key, as well as make the door more resistant to forced entry. A deadbolt is often used to complement a spring-bolt lock on an entry door to a building.
Common types
A deadlock, if it is cylinder operated, may be either single cylinder or double cylinder. A single cylinder deadlock will accept a key on one side of the lock, but is operated by a twist knob on the other side. Double cylinder locks will accept a key on both sides and therefore do not require (and often do not have) any twist knob. This prevents unwanted unlocking of the door by forced access to the interior twist knob (via a nearby window, for example). Double cylinder locks are sometimes banned from areas because they can be difficult to open from the inside and violate fire safety regulations. Some lock manufacturers also have a "lockable" knob: a key is always needed on one side (usually external), and a twist knob can be used on the other (internal), unless a button has been pressed, in which case a key is also needed on the internal side.
A variant of the standard deadbolt is the vertical deadbolt, invented by Samuel Segal. Vertical deadbolts resist jimmying, in which an intruder inserts a crowbar between the door and the jamb and attempts to pry the bolt out of the door.
Other types of deadbolts include:
Classroom-function (thumb-turn only unlocks door)
Exit-only function (no external cylinder)
Push-button deadbolt (mechanical or electrical)
Single cylinder with removable thumb-turn
Safety
The double cylinder design raises a safety issue. In the event of a fire, occupants will be prevented from escaping through double-cylinder locked doors unless the correct key is used. This is often an avoidable cause of death in house fires. The risk can be mitigated by locking the deadlock only when there are no occupants inside the building, or leaving the key near the keyhole. Some fire departments suggest putting the key on a small nail or screw near the door at floor level, since the cleanest air is at floor level and one may be crawling to get to the exit, thus placing the key where it is easiest to find.
Note that single cylinder dead locks (with an unlocked twist mechanism on the inside of the door) do not have this problem, and therefore are most commonly used on fire exits. Some areas have fire safety codes that do not allow a locked exit.
See also
Door security
Lock bumping
References
Doors
Locksmithing
Locks (security device)
Shahrak-e Salehabad (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Şāleḩābād; also known as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Kukherd Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 280, in 59 families.
References
3. الكوخردى ، محمد ، بن يوسف، (كُوخِرد حَاضِرَة اِسلامِيةَ عَلي ضِفافِ نَهر مِهران) الطبعة الثالثة ،دبى: سنة 199۷ للميلاد Mohammed Kookherdi (1997) Kookherd, an Islamic civil at Mehran river, third edition: Dubai
4. محمدیان، کوخری، محمد ، “ (به یاد کوخرد) “، ج1. ج2. چاپ اول، دبی: سال انتشار 2003 میلادی Mohammed Kookherdi Mohammadyan (2003), Beyade Kookherd, third edition : Dubai.
5.محمدیان، کوخردی ، محمد ، «شهرستان بستک و بخش کوخرد» ، ج۱. چاپ اول، دبی: سال انتشار ۲۰۰۵ میلادی Mohammed Kookherdi Mohammadyan (2005), Shahrestan Bastak & Bakhshe Kookherd, First edition : Dubai.
6.عباسی ، قلی، مصطفی، «بستک وجهانگیریه»، چاپ اول، تهران : ناشر: شرکت انتشارات جهان
7. سلامى، بستكى، احمد. (بستک در گذرگاه تاریخ) ج2 چاپ اول، 1372 خورشيدى
8. اطلس گیتاشناسی استان‌های ایران [Atlas Gitashenasi Ostanhai Iran] (Gitashenasi Province Atlas of Iran)
External links
Kookherd Website.
Populated places in Bastak County
Kukherd District
The ePORTUGUÊSe network is a platform developed by the World Health Organization (WHO) to strengthen collaboration among Portuguese-speaking countries in the areas of health information and capacity building of Human Resources for Health, therefore enhancing health information systems in those countries.
According to Ethnologue, Portuguese is the sixth most spoken language in the world and there are more than 300 million speakers distributed through eight countries (Angola, Brazil, Cape Verde, Guinea-Bissau, Mozambique, Portugal, São Tomé and Príncipe, and Timor-Leste) in four WHO Regional Offices (AFRO , PAHO-AMRO , EURO and SEARO ).
Portuguese is also the third most spoken language in the Western hemisphere and the most widely spoken in the southern hemisphere.
In November 2012, ePORTUGUÊSe received a recognition award for its contribution to the South-South and Triangular collaboration at the UN High Level and Directors General Meeting during the Global Development EXPO 2012 held in Vienna, Austria.
In May 2015, the ePORTUGUÊSe network ceased to exist as a WHO Programme.
History
The ePORTUGUÊSe network was established in 2005, after the Ministerial Summit on Health Research held in Mexico City in November 2004. At this event, topics such as digital inclusion and the know-do gap were debated and WHO made a pledge to create health information networks in various languages as a way to contribute to the discussed challenge,.
In April 2005 the ePORTUGUÊSe network was established, with the mission to develop a Portuguese health information network and strengthen the cooperation and knowledge exchange between the eight Portuguese speaking countries and WHO.
Since its establishment, the ePORTUGUÊSe network has been working as a facilitator by establishing alliances with health institutions from different countries. Its main purpose is to disseminate and distribute information in Portuguese, thereby reducing existing language barriers. By using diverse media resources, ePORTUGUÊSe facilitates the access to relevant and up-to-date information that contribute to the work of health professionals in rural and distant areas can be facilitated.
Brazil is now one of the main partners in south-south cooperation. Working together with Portugal, it has developed the Health Cooperation Strategic Plan (PECS/CPLC) for the eight Portuguese-speaking countries (CPLC), signed by the health ministers of those countries in an official ceremony in Estoril, Portugal, in May 2008.
In January 2010, WHO and CPLC signed a cooperation agreement highlighting the commitment to use the ePORTUGUÊSe network, to encourage training and the strengthening of health information systems, particularly in underdeveloped countries.
The ePORTUGUÊSe network provides support to Portuguese-speaking countries so that they can reach their Millennium Development Goals.
Activities
Promoting and improving access to health information available in Portuguese, by developing a Virtual Health Library based on a model created by the Latin American and Caribbean Center on Health Sciences Information (BIREME/PAHO/WHO), a specialized center of the Pan American Health Organization/World Health Organization,;
Supporting and promoting local research in Portuguese;
Delivering health Information in Portuguese through a compact library called – Blue Trunk Library to be distributed to rural and distant areas;
Using information in science and technology (ICT) to build capacity of Human Resources for Health;
Developing platforms in different social media, collaborative space, blogs and discussion groups;
Encouraging training in the HINARI programme (Access to Research in Health Programme);
Strengthening HIFA-pt (Health Information for all in Portuguese) based on HIFA2015 (Health information for all by 2015)– a discussion group with nearly 7000 members from 150 countries that aims to collect tacit knowledge and facilitate the exchange of experiences. HIFA-pt was developed by the ePORTUGUÊSe network in collaboration with the Global Healthcare Information Network.
Structure
The ePORTUGUÊSe network is part of the Knowledge Management and Sharing Department of the World Health Organization (WHO) in Geneva. The ePORTUGUÊSe network has focal points in every country that work together to support the dissemination of health information. The coordinator of the ePORTUGUÊSe Network is Dr Regina Ungerer.
Members
The members of the ePORTUGUÊSe network are: health and information professionals from the eight Portuguese-speaking countries: Angola, Brazil, Cape Verde, Guinea-Bissau, Mozambique, Portugal, São Tomé and Príncipe, and Timor-Leste, as well as anyone with an interest in supporting these countries.
References
External links
WHO ePORTUGUÊSe countries
AFRO
PAHO-AMRO
EURO
SEARO
Blue Trunk Library
HIFA-pt
Knowledge Management and Sharing
ePORTUGUÊSe Network
World Health Organization
Belle Story (born Grace Leard, c. 1887) was an American vaudeville performer and singer, noted for their coloratura soprano style. They appeared in a number of productions at the New York Hippodrome.
In their autobiography, composer Richard Rodgers recalled that Story "had been a leading singer at the New York Hippodrome. They had a lovely coloratura voice and made a big hit wherever we played, particularly with their singing of 'The Marriage of the Lily and the Rose.' "
Selected performances
Chin Chin
Hip Hip Hooray (1916)
Everything (1918)
Happy Days (1919)
Good Times (1920)
References
External links
1917 photo, University of Washington Libraries, Special Collection Division
1887 births
People from Pennsylvania
Vaudeville performers
American stage actores
20th-century American actores
Year of death missing
The EP is the first extended play by 3for3. Maxx Recordings released the EP on July 24, 2015. They worked with Bernie Herms, in the production of this EP.
Critical reception
Awarding the EP three stars from Jesus Freak Hideout, Sarah Berdon writes, "Though the lyrics are not the deepest and the music does not necessarily stand out from other pop albums, the messages 3for3 presents here go beyond what is normally found in debuts". Joshua Andre, giving the EP four stars at 365 Days of Inspiring Media, states, "With Spencer, Benji and Josh delivering high quality songs and poignant melodies for God, this album is one to be savoured and enjoyed throughout this year and many more to come."
Track listing
References
2015 EPs
James Edward Campos (born October 19, 1972) is an American business person who served in the Trump administration as the Director of the Office of Economic Impact and Diversity at the United States Department of Energy (DOE) between 2018 and 2021. Campos was nominated to the position on March 2, 2018 by President Donald Trump and confirmed 98-2 by the United States Senate on April 9, 2018.
Education
Campos has earned a B.A. and an M.S. from the University of Maryland and an M.B.A. from the University of Glasgow. During their master's program, Campos also matriculated at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where they studied business and literature and spent a year in Barcelona, Spain where they studied cultural studies.
Campos is currently enrolled in Stanford University's professional studies certificate program in Energy Innovation & Emerging Technologies. Campos holds an executive business program certificate from Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business and is certified as an Inspector/Investigator by the National Council on Licensure, Enforcement and Regulation. Campos is also a trained conflict resolution mediator with the Clark County, Nevada Neighborhood Justice Center. Campos also holds a graduate certificate in Diversity & Inclusion from Cornell University.
Early Political Career
In 2002, Campos was the Coalitions Director for Nevada Republican Attorney General nominee Brian Sandoval's campaign.
In 2004, Campos worked on the campaign to re-elect George W Bush as president.
In 2005, Campos was the state director of the Young Hispanic Republican Association.
In 2006, Campos worked as the Minority Coalitions Outreach Coordinator on Nevada Republican gubernatorial nominee Jim Gibbons campaign. After the General Election, Campos would go on to serve as Director of Governor Gibbons office in Las Vegas.
In February 2007, Campos was appointed as the statewide Commissioner of the Nevada Consumer Affairs Division (NCAD), the state government entity that regulates deceptive trade practices in the marketplace. During Campos tenure, the NCAD developed the first state-based fraud fighting website in the country: www.fightfraud.nv.gov. The website informed consumers about recent fraudulent activities and scams. In 2007, Campos founded and chaired the Nevada FightFraud Task Force. The task force is composed of local, state and Federal law enforcement agencies and was the first of its kind in the state of Nevada.
In 2008, Campos was the Nevada Hispanic Chair for Republican presidential nominee John McCain's campaign.
In March 2009, the duties of the NCAD were absorbed by the Nevada Attorney General's Office. Subsequently, Campos was named Deputy Administrator of Workforce Solutions in the Nevada Department of Employment, Training & Rehabilitation.
In 2012, Campos was named as a member of Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney's National Hispanic Steering Committee.
From March 2015 to April 2018, Campos served as a State Regulator on the Nevada Taxicab Commission.
Campos has held several additional state-wide gubernatorial appointments in Nevada, including:
Nevada's Equal Rights Commission (April 2011 to 2015);
Nevada's Judicial Selection Commission (temporary member) (July 2011);
Governor's Workforce Investment Sector Council on Gaming, Tourism & Entertainment (Jan. 2014);
Governor's Workforce Investment Sector Councils on Mining and Minerals (Feb. 2014); and
Governor's Office of Economic Development's International Trade Council (May 2014 to October 2017).
Director of the Office of Economic Impact and Diversity
As Director, Campos oversaw the Office of Economic Impact and Diversity and the Office of Civil Rights and Diversity. Campos served as the DOE's Chief Diversity Officer and as the official Federal designee to the White House Interagency Working Group Initiative, which included the White House Initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics and the White House Initiative to Promote Excellence and Innovation at Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
Campos also served as the DOE's Equal Employment Opportunity Director and was the Department's designee on the White House Opportunity and Revitalization Council. Campos also served on The White House Council on Affordable Housing.
In 2018, Campos established the "Equity in Energy" initiative, to "expand the participation of individuals in under-served communities, which includes minorities, Native Americans, women, veterans, and formerly incarcerated persons, in all the programs of the Department." The program has external and internal engagement components. Externally, the DOE conducted listening sessions with underrepresented groups, to gain insights and ideas as to how the DOE can increase minority representation in the energy sector. Internally, the DOE worked with the Department's program offices and the National Laboratories to bring awareness to these issues and address potential solutions.
Career Outside Politics
Campos previously served as the Senior Adviser on Economic Development and Government Relations to President Bart Patterson of Nevada State College. From July 2009 to October 2011, Campos was the Director of Renewable Energy Initiatives and Government Relations for the College of Southern Nevada.
Campos has taught as an adjunct college professor, teaching courses in organizational operations, international management, marketing, strategy, public relations and human resources
Campos is also a very successful entrepreneur having started a successful strategic business and political consulting firm in addition to owning and operating the oldest and most prominent Mexican restaurant in Historic Downtown Las Vegas.
Awards
In 2006, Campos received the "Professional Service Award" from the Las Vegas Latin Chamber of Commerce. In 2010, they received the group's "Young Professional of the Year" award. In 2011, Campos was recognized in the Las Vegas “In Business Magazine's” top five most influential Hispanics in business. Campos was also named as one of the "Most Influential Hispanics in Nevada" by Nevada Hispanic Magazine in 2015, 2016, and 2018.
Personal life
Campos was born on October 19, 1972, the son of Joseph Campos and Christina Campos. Campos has three siblings: sisters Laurie and Vickie and brother Joe. Campos' mother and father were born and raised in Omaha, NE, and the former is the daughter of Ysabel Anaya, the eldest child of Calixto and Cuca de Loa of Omaha's flagship Mexican family, the de Loa family.
Campos father served in the United States Navy during the Korean War, followed by fifteen additional years in the United States Navy Reserve. After the completion of their military service, the elder Campos would go on to serve as a Federal employee, where they were stationed in eight Latin American countries over a sixteen-year period. Campos grandparents were Mexican and immigrated to the United States in the early 1900s.
Campos is engaged to Irma Aguirre.
See also
Lists of Americans
References
Living people
1972 births
University System of Maryland alumni
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
American politicians of Mexican descent
Nevada politicians
Nevada Republicans
Politicians from Las Vegas
21st-century American politicians
Trump administration personnel
United States Department of Energy officials
is a Japanese anime series directed by Osamu Dezaki that aired on NHK-BS2 from July 14, 1991 to May 31, 1992. It was based on the 1975 manga of the same name by Riyoko Ikeda, about an ordinary girl that attends a prestigious girls' school.
Note that the English translations of these titles are unofficial. There were six OVAs produced as summary episodes, and they aired during the run of the anime.
The music of the series are in the enka genre. by Satomi Takada is the opening theme, and the closing theme is by Takako Noda.
The series has been released on VHS, on laserdisc, and in a DVD box set in 2002.
References
Dear Brother
Hyner Run State Park is a Pennsylvania state park in Chapman Township, Clinton County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is east of Renovo and 3 miles (5 km) north of Hyner on Pennsylvania Route 120 (Route 120 here is also known as Bucktail State Park Natural Area). Hyner Run State Park is surrounded by Sproul State Forest.
History
Hyner Run State Park was the site of a Civilian Conservation Corps camp (Camp S-75-PA). The CCC provided work for the unemployed young men of the Great Depression. Camp S-75-PA was one of many such camps spread throughout Pennsylvania. The young men of CCC Company 310 worked to clear the regrowing forests of brush to prevent forest fires. They also constructed roads throughout the forests, built state park facilities, constructed bridges on the state roads, planted trees for reforestation, and cleaned streams. Camp S-75-PA was built by the men in the summer, fall and winter of 1933. The camp was in such a remote area that electricity was not available. Later, a generating plant was installed to provide the camp with electricity and a reservoir was built to supply the camp's water needs. Much of the camp was destroyed by the extensive flooding of the West Branch Susquehanna River in 1936, but some traces remain as a reminder of the days of Camp S-75-PA.
Hyner Run State Park was opened to the public in 1958. It originally included a swimming pool and bathhouse. As well as a concession area, picnic facilities and restrooms. The camping area was opened in 1975.
Recreation
Fishing and hunting
Hyner Run is stocked annually by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission with brook and brown trout. The upper parts of Hyner Run and other small streams have a population of native brook trout. Fly fishing is possible in the Right Branch of Young Womans Creek.
Hunting and trapping are permitted on about of Hyner Run State Park. Hunters are expected to follow the rules and regulations of the Pennsylvania Game Commission. The common game species are ruffed grouse, squirrels, turkey, white-tailed deer, and black bears. Common fur bearers are bobcat, raccoon, red and gray fox, and coyote. The hunting of groundhogs is not permitted at the park. Many more acres of forested woodlands are available for hunting and trapping on the grounds of the adjacent Sproul State Forest.
Camping
A modern cabin that sleeps eight people is available for rent year-round. The two-story house has three bedrooms, two bathrooms, kitchen, dining room, living room and roofed, open front porch. Renters provide their own sheets, blankets and towels. Kitchenware and eating utensils are provided. In the yard of the cabin is a fire ring, charcoal grill, two picnic tables and a swing set.
The camping area is open the second week in April and closes in mid-December, unless posted otherwise. Each of the 30 campsites has a level pad, picnic table and fire ring. The campground has showers, flush toilets and several water outlets. Garbage and recycling receptacles and a sanitary dump station are near the campground entrance. Pets are prohibited in the campground.
Swimming, hiking and picnicking
A large swimming pool is open from Memorial Day weekend to Labor Day weekend. The park serves as a trailhead for the Donut Hole Trail system in Sproul State Forest. There are 150 picnic tables in the picnic area with two pavilions.
Nearby state parks
The following state parks are within of Hyner Run State Park:
Bald Eagle State Park (Centre County)
Bucktail State Park Natural Area (Cameron and Clinton Counties)
Cherry Springs State Park (Potter County)
Colton Point State Park (Tioga County)
Hyner View State Park (Clinton County)
Kettle Creek State Park (Clinton County)
Leonard Harrison State Park (Tioga County)
Little Pine State Park (Lycoming County)
Lyman Run State Park (Potter County)
Ole Bull State Park (Potter County)
Patterson State Park (Potter County)
Prouty Place State Park (Potter County)
Ravensburg State Park (Clinton County)
Sinnemahoning State Park (Cameron and Potter Counties)
Upper Pine Bottom State Park (Lycoming County)
References
External links
148 KB
State parks of Pennsylvania
Protected areas established in 1958
Civilian Conservation Corps in Pennsylvania
Parks in Clinton County, Pennsylvania
1958 establishments in Pennsylvania
Campgrounds in Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Clinton County, Pennsylvania
Peter Bruce Watson (born 30 May 1947) is an Australian politician. They were the Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from February 2001 to March 2021, representing the electorate of Albany.
Watson was born in the Melbourne suburb of Reservoir. After arriving in Western Australia in 1961, Watson attended Perth Modern School and took up athletics. They excelled at the 1500m event and won the Australian title in 1968 and again in 1973. Watson was the third West Australian after Herb Elliott and Keith Wheeler to break the four minute mile. They represented Australia at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1974 Commonwealth Games.
Employed at Australia Post, Watson held various positions, including postal manager, before entering politics. They were successful at the 2001 Western Australian state election, defeating the sitting member, Kevin Prince, and was re-elected in 2005.
At the 2008 election, electoral boundary changes resulting from the adoption of the one-vote one-value principle meant that substantial rural areas were included in the electorate, and it became notionally Liberal. Watson won the seat by 89 votes.
In both the 2008 and 2013 elections, Watson accomplished the feat of winning in the face of swings against the Australian Labor Party in the state as a whole.
Watson retained the seat again at the 2017 election with a swing toward them of 1.8%, winning the seat by 4.1% after preferences. Watson was appointed Speaker of the Legislative Assembly on 11 May 2017.
References
1947 births
Living people
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Speakers of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Olympic athletes of Australia
Australian male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
People educated at Perth Modern School
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
21st-century Australian politicians
Politicians from Melbourne
Athletes from Melbourne
Sportsmen from Western Australia
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Leo Lerinc (; born 30 December 1975) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
A graduate of the youth system at their hometown club Vojvodina, Lerinc made their first-team debut in 1994. They were a regular member of the team that reached the finals of the 1998 UEFA Intertoto Cup. During the 1999 winter transfer window, Lerinc signed with Red Star Belgrade. They spent three and a half seasons at Marakana, winning two championship titles and three national cup trophies.
In August 2002, Lerinc moved abroad and joined Swiss side St. Gallen. They made 13 league appearances and scored one goal in the 2002–03 season, as the club suffered relegation from the top flight. After six months without competitive football, Lerinc signed with Spanish side Ciudad Murcia in January 2004.
In October 2007, just four months upon their return to Vojvodina, Lerinc announced their retirement from football due to chronic injuries.
Personal life
Lerinc is the son of fellow footballer Laslo Lerinc.
Honours
Red Star Belgrade
First League of FR Yugoslavia: 1999–2000, 2000–01
FR Yugoslavia Cup: 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2001–02
Dinamo București
Liga I: 2006–07
References
External links
Association football midfielders
Ciudad de Murcia footballers
Cypriot First Division players
Ethnikos Achna FC players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
FC Dinamo București players
FC St. Gallen players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
FK Vojvodina players
Liga I players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Segunda División players
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate footballers
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Serbian footballers
Serbian people of Hungarian descent
Serbian SuperLiga players
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Swiss Super League players
1975 births
Living people
The Francevillian biota (also known as Gabon macrofossils or Gabonionta) is a group of 2.1-billion-year-old Palaeoproterozoic, macroscopic organisms known from fossils found in Gabon in the Palaeoproterozoic Francevillian B Formation, a black shale province. The fossils are postulated to be evidence of the earliest form of multicellular life. They were discovered by an international team led by the Moroccan-French geologist Abderrazak El Albani, of the University of Poitiers, France. While they have yet to be assigned to a formal taxonomic position, they have been informally and collectively referred to as the "Gabonionta" by the Natural History Museum Vienna in 2014.
Morphology
The fossil organisms are up to in size. Their bodies were flattened disks with a characteristic morphology, including circular and elongated individuals. A spherical to ellipsoidal central body is bounded by radial structures. The fossils show three-dimensionality and coordinated growth. Cell-cell communication must be assumed as it existed before multi-cellularity arose.
A newer 2014 study by El Albani et al. describes multiple types of fossils with different morphologies. There are convoluted tubes, and "string of pearls"-like structures that terminate in a "flower". This is similar to dictyostelid slime molds, amoebal organisms that form multicellular assemblies to migrate. However, dictyostelids are terrestrial, not marine organisms so the structures cannot simply be dictyostelids. Among known fossils, the Ediacaran Nemiana and Beltanelloides are most similar.
Locality
The findings come from shales of the Franceville basin with a high fossil density of up to 40 individuals per square meter. Presumably, the organisms survived at the bottom in shallow seawater in colonies. The geochemistry of the fossil site indicates that they lived on the sediment under an oxygenated water column of a prograding delta, and they might have engaged in aerobic respiration.
Interpretations
In describing the fossils, El Albani and colleagues described them as colonial organisms with possible affinities to eukaryotes, akin to microbial mats, albeit unlike any known structures in the fossil record, yet noting the complexity of the fossils and presence of sterane as suggestive of possible eukaryote identity. In a concurrent news report in Nature, paleontologist Philip Donoghue of Bristol University advocates a more conservative approach pending further evidence before calling them eukaryotes.
Another view, held by Yale's Adolf Seilacher, interprets the fossils as not organisms at all, but rather pseudofossils of inorganic pyrites. El Albani et al. (2014) explicitly disputes Seilacher's interpretation. Both pyritized and unpyritized impressions of the structures remain, as well as lightly pyritized forms. The structures formed in a single event, at the same time as the sediment. This is demonstrated by the uniform distribution of sulfur isotope ratios within the sample. In pyrite flowers, which crystallize slowly, the isotope ratio would vary within the structure. For structures that resemble pollen, chemical analysis also shows that the material in the walls of the "pollen" contains organic material.
Fate
The Francevillian biota disappears and is absent in the overlying black shale. El Albani attributes this to their extinction. The biota formed with the Great Oxidation Event, a temporary increase in atmospheric oxygen, and became extinct from marine anoxia when the event was terminated by the drop in oxygen levels of the Lomagundi event. The biota represents the earliest known experiment in multicellularity.
See also
Ediacaran biota
History of life
References
Prehistoric biotas
Proterozoic life
Precambrian fossils
Paleoproterozoic
Fossils of Gabon
FLY Leasing (FLY) is an aircraft leasing investment company.
Its fleet comprises 110 aircraft, mostly Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 aircraft. FLY does not manage its own fleet, instead leases are managed and executed by BBAM, a leasing management firm. FLY strictly focuses on the investment and return of the aircraft instead of carrying out day-to-day operations. As a result, FLY has few employees. Onex, in December 2012, acquired 50% of FLY's portfolio manager BBAM and invested $75 million into FLY. In August 2021, Carlyle Aviation Partners announced the completion of the acquisition of FLY.
References
External links
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Aircraft leasing companies of the Republic of Ireland
Companies based in Dublin (city)
Companies with year of establishment missing
2021 mergers and acquisitions
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 113 (P. Oxy. 113 or P. Oxy. I 113) is a letter, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the 2nd century. Currently it is housed in the Egyptian Museum (Cat. Gen. 10011) in Cairo, Egypt.
Description
The document is a letter from Corbolon to Heraclides. The measurements of the fragment are 187 by 100 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
Text
Corobolon to Heraclides, greeting. I send you the key by Horion and the piece of the lock by Onnophris, the camel-driver of Apollonius. I enclosed in the former packet a pattern of white-violet color. I beg you to be good enough to match it and buy me two drachmas' weight, and send it to me at once by any messenger you can find, for the tunic is to be woven immediately. I received everything you told me to expect by Onnophris safely. I send you by the same Onnophris six quarts of good apples. I thank all the gods to think that I came upon Plution in the Oxyrhynchite nome. Do not think that I took no trouble about the key. The reason is that the smith is a long way from us. I wonder that you did not see your way to let me have what I asked you to send by Corbolon, especially when I wanted it for a festival. I beg you to buy me a silver seal and to send it me with all speed. Take care that Onnophris buys me what Irene's mother told him. I told them that Syntrophus said that nothing more should be given to Amarantus on my account. Let me know what you have given them that I may settle accounts with him. Otherwise I and my son will come for this purpose. I had the large cheeses from Corbolon. I did not however want large ones, but small. Let me know of anything that you want and I will gladly do it. Farewell. Payni the 1st. (P.S.) Send me an obols worth of cake for my nephew.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 112
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 114
References
113
2nd-century manuscripts
Egyptian Museum
Nupedia was an English-language, online encyclopedia whose articles were written by volunteer contributors with appropriate subject matter expertise, reviewed by expert editors before publication, and licensed as free content. It was founded by Jimmy Wales and underwritten by Bomis, with Larry Sanger as editor-in-chief. Nupedia operated from October 1999 until September 2003. It is best known today as the predecessor of Wikipedia, but Nupedia had a seven-step approval process to control content of articles before being posted, rather than live wiki-based updating. Nupedia was designed by committee, with experts to predefine the rules, and it had only 21 articles in its first year, compared to Wikipedia posting 200 articles in the first month, and 18,000 in the first year.
Unlike Wikipedia, Nupedia was not a wiki; it was instead characterized by an extensive peer-review process, designed to make its articles of a quality comparable to that of professional encyclopedias. Nupedia wanted scholars (ideally with PhDs) to volunteer content. Before it ceased operating, Nupedia produced 24 approved articles that had completed its review process and another 150 articles were in progress. Wales preferred Wikipedia's easier posting of articles, while Sanger preferred the peer-reviewed approach used by Nupedia and later founded Citizendium in 2006 as an expert-reviewed alternative to Wikipedia.
In June 2008, CNET UK listed Nupedia as one of the greatest defunct Web sites in the still-young history of the Internet, noting how the strict control had limited the posting of articles.
History
In October 1999, Jimmy Wales began thinking about an online encyclopedia built by volunteers and, in January 2000, hired Larry Sanger to oversee its development. The project officially went online on March 9, 2000.
By November 2000, however, only two full-length articles had been published.
From its beginning, Nupedia was a free content encyclopedia, with Bomis intending to generate revenue from online ads on Nupedia.com. Initially the project used a homegrown license, the Nupedia Open Content License. In January 2001, it switched to the GNU Free Documentation License at the urging of Richard Stallman and the Free Software Foundation. Also in January 2001, Nupedia started Wikipedia as a side-project to allow collaboration on articles before entering the peer review process. This attracted interest from both sides, as it provided the less bureaucratic structure favored by advocates of the GNE encyclopedia. As a result, GNE never really developed, and the threat of competition between the projects was averted. As Wikipedia grew and attracted contributors, it quickly developed a life of its own and began to function largely independently of Nupedia, although Sanger initially led activity on Wikipedia by virtue of their position as Nupedia's editor-in-chief.
Besides leading to discontinuation of the GNE project, Wikipedia also led to the gradual demise of Nupedia. Due to the collapse of the internet economy at that time, Jimmy Wales decided to discontinue funding for a salaried editor-in-chief in December 2001, and Sanger resigned from both projects shortly thereafter. After Sanger's departure, Nupedia increasingly became an afterthought to Wikipedia; of the Nupedia articles that completed the review process, only two did so after 2001. As Nupedia dwindled into inactivity, the idea of converting it into a stable version of approved Wikipedia articles was occasionally broached, but never implemented. Nupedia's server later crashed in September 2003. Nupedia's encyclopedic content was assimilated into Wikipedia.
Editorial process
Nupedia had a seven-step editorial process, consisting of:
Assignment
Finding a lead reviewer
Lead review
Open review
Lead copyediting
Open copyediting
Final approval and markup
Authors were expected to have expert knowledge (although the definition of expert allowed for a degree of flexibility, and it was acknowledged that some articles could be written by a good writer, rather than an expert per se) and the editors approving articles for publication were expected "to be true experts in their fields and (with few exceptions) [to] possess PhDs".
Ruth Ifcher was someone Sanger depended upon and worked closely with on Nupedia's early policies and procedures. Ifcher, holding several higher degrees, was a computer programmer and former copy editor and agreed to be volunteer chief copy editor.
Software development
Nupedia was powered by NupeCode collaborative software. NupeCode is free/open source software (released under the GNU General Public License) designed for large peer review projects. The code was available via Nupedia's CVS repository. One of the problems experienced by Nupedia during much of its existence was that the software lacked functionality. Much of the missing functionality had been mocked-up using underlined blocks of text which appeared to be hyperlinks, but actually were not.
As part of the project, a new version of the original software (called "NuNupedia") was under development. NuNupedia was implemented for testing at SourceForge, but never reached a sufficient stage of development to replace the original software.
See also
List of online encyclopedias
List of wikis
Scholarpedia
References
Further reading
Larry Sanger, The Early History of Nupedia and Wikipedia: A Memoir Part 1 and Part 2. Slashdot, April 2005.
Larry Sanger, "Nupedia.com Statement of Editorial Policy, Version 2.1," Printable Version dated May 10, 2000.
Larry Sanger, "Nupedia.com Statement of Editorial Policy, Version 3.2," Printable Version dated June 23, 2000.
External links
Earlier versions of Nupedia (from the Internet Archive)
Nupedia— revived Nupedia on Fandom
History of Wikipedia
Internet properties established in 2000
2003 disestablishments in the United States
Defunct websites
Jimmy Wales
The Luxembourg Commission was a 19th-century labour commission introduced by the Provisional Government of France. It was formed on 25 February 1848, following the abdication of Louis-Philippe. The establishment of the Luxembourg Commission, an assembly of workers' delegates headed by Louis Blanc, was charged with the task of surveying social problems and suggesting solutions. The elegant gesture from the Provisional Government was discontinued later that year.
References
Trade unions in France
Karl Rabeder (born 1963) is an Austrian business person who founded the non-profit organization MyMicroCredit in 2009, which aims to reduce poverty in Central and South America. In February 2010, announced that they will be donating their entire fortune of over four million US dollars, including the profits from all of their properties, their car, and their businesses, to charities they set up in Central and South America.
Serious allegations have been raised by the German newspaper, Der Stern, and others as to whether or not Rabeder was actually using the publicity around theirs "giving it all away" to generate revenue for their own personal purposes.
On 21 January 2003 they were the co-pilot with Klaus Ohlmann when they set the world gliding distance record of 3,008.8 km at Chapelco, Argentina
References
External links
MyMicroCredit.org
http://www.stern.de/panorama/karl-rabeder-der-nicht-ganz-so-gutmensch-1802715.html
Living people
Flight distance record holders
1963 births
Amato (Calabrian: ; ) is an Arbëreshë comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
History
Amato is one of the oldest towns in Calabria. It is mentioned by the Greek philosopher Aristotle and by the Roman Pliny the Elder in one of their books. They call it "Sinus Lametinus" (Lametino Harbour).
It appears that the people of Amato originated from the ancient city of Lametia, on the promontory of the Gulf of Saint Euphemia, near the mouth of the Amato River. It was one of the most thriving cities of ancient Bruttium.
It was destroyed during the late age of the Western Roman Empire, the inhabitants taking shelter in the nearby Nicastro. A settlement is mentioned again only starting from the 12th century.
References
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Calabria
Razeni may refer to:
Răzeni, Moldova
Razeni, Iran
Bhavapriya (meaning The one dear to Bhava (Shiva)) is a ragam (musical scale) in Carnatic music (South Indian classical music). It is the 44th Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Bhavāni in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 8th chakra Vasu. The mnemonic name is Vasu-Sri. The mnemonic phrase is sa ra gi mi pa dha ni. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
(shuddha rishabham, sadharana gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham, kaisiki nishadham)
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Hanumatodi (also known as Todi), which is the 8th melakarta.
Janya Rāgams
Bhavapriya has a minor janya rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of Janya rāgams for full list of janya rāgams associated with Bhavapriya and other melakarta rāgams.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Bhavapriya are:
Srikanta niyeda by Thyagaraja
Maam Avasrita by Swathi Thirunal
Sentiru velan by Koteeswara Iyer
Vennai tirudi by Periyasaamy Thooran
Madhava mamava by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
One compositions set to Bhavani is:
Kanikarumbuto by Kalyani Varadarajan
Film Songs
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Bhavapriya's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields two other minor melakarta rāgams, namely, Vagadheeswari and Naganandini. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Naganandini.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
The 2022–23 Saudi Second Division will be the 46th season of the Saudi Second Division since its establishment in 1976. The season began on is scheduled to begin on 30 September 2022 and concluded on 30 April 2023 with the final. The group stage draw was held on 9 June 2022. Fixtures for the 2022–23 season were announced on 25 August 2022.
Overview
Changes
On 9 October 2020, the Saudi FF announced that the number of teams in the league would be increased to 32, with each group consisting of 16 teams, starting from the 2022–23 season. To prepare for these changes it was announced that only 3 teams would be promoted to the MS League and 5 teams would be relegated from the MS League in the 2021–22 season.
On 14 April 2022, the Saudi FF announced that the number of teams in the Pro League would be increased from 16 to 18 teams. To prepare for this change, only 2 teams would be relegated to the First Division League and 4 teams would be promoted to the Pro League. This meant that 5 teams would be promoted from the Second Division to the First Division instead of the usual 3.
Team changes
A total of 32 teams are contesting the league, including 21 sides from the 2020–21 season, 5 relegated teams from the FD League, and 6 promoted teams from the Third Division.
The following teams have changed division since the 2021–22 season
To Second Division
Promoted from the Third Division
Al-Suqoor
Al-Qous
Jerash
Sajer
Qilwah
Al-Shaeib
Relegated from MS League
Al-Jeel
Al-Diriyah
Al-Nahda
Al-Kawkab
Bisha
From Second Division
Promoted to FD League
Al-Arabi
Al-Qaisumah
Al-Riyadh
Relegated to the Third Division
Al-Dahab
Afif
Al-Nojoom
Al-Thoqbah
Teams
;Group A
Group B
Foreign players
The number of foreign players was increased from 3 players per team to 4 players per team.
Players name in bold indicates the player is registered during the mid-season transfer window.
Group A
League table
Results
Group B
League table
Results
Promotion play-off
Both teams that finish third in Groups A and B will face each other in a two-legged match with the winner gaining promotion to the FD League.
Final
The winners of each group will play a single-legged final on 30 April to decide the champion of the 2022–23 Second Division.
Statistics
Number of teams by province
See also
2022–23 Saudi Professional League
2022–23 Saudi First Division League
2022–23 Saudi Third Division
References
3
Saudi Second Division seasons
Tumor necrosis factor receptor type 1-associated DEATH domain protein is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TRADD gene.
TRADD is an adaptor protein.
Function
The protein encoded by this gene is a death domain containing adaptor molecule that interacts with TNFRSF1A/TNFR1 and mediates programmed cell death signaling and NF-κB activation. This protein binds adaptor protein TRAF2, reduces the recruitment of inhibitor-of-apoptosis proteins (IAPs) by TRAF2, and thus suppresses TRAF2 mediated apoptosis. This protein can also interact with receptor TNFRSF6/FAS and adaptor protein FADD/MORT1, and is involved in the Fas-induced cell death pathway.
Interactions
TRADD has been shown to interact with:
FADD,
Keratin 18
RIPK1,
STAT1,
TNFRSF1A,
TNFRSF25, and
TRAF2.
See also
TRAF
RIP
References
Further reading
External links
The Texas District and County Attorneys Association, or TDCAA, is a non-profit organization dedicated to serving Texas prosecutors and attorneys in government representation. The TDCAA is based in Austin and serves the people who work in the district and county attorneys offices around the state by:
producing comprehensive continuing legal education courses for prosecutors, their investigators and key personnel;
providing technical assistance to the prosecution community and related criminal justice agencies; and
serving as a liaison between prosecutor and other organizations in the day-to-day administration of criminal justice.
External links
http://www.tdcaa.com/
Legal organizations based in the United States
Law-related professional associations
Organizations based in Austin, Texas
Swaminatha Swamy Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to god Murugan. It is located in Swamimalai, 5 km from Kumbakonam, on the banks of a tributary of river Kaveri in Thanjavur District, 250 km from Chennai, the capital of Tamil Nadu, India. The temple is fourth abode of Murugan among six (Arupadaiveedugal). The shrine of the presiding deity, Swaminathaswamy is located atop a hillock and the shrine of their mother Meenakshi (Parvathi) and father Shiva (Sundareswarar) is located downhill. The temple has three gopuram (gateway towers), three precincts and sixty steps and each one is named after the sixty Tamil years. The temple has six daily rituals at various times from 5:30 a.m. to 9 p.m., and three yearly festivals on its calendar. The annual Vaikasi Visagam festival is attended by thousands of devotees from far and near.
As per Hindu legend, Muruga, the son of Shiva, extolled the meaning of the Pranava Mantra (AUM) to their father at this place and hence attained the name Swaminathaswamy. The temple is believed to be in existence from the Sangam period from 2nd century BC and was believed to have been modified and rebuilt by Parantaka Chola I. The temple was greatly damaged during the Anglo-French war between Hyder Ali and British in 1740. The temple, in modern times, is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.The
Kandhanathaswamy thirukovil in eraharam is connected to the history of this temple
Nearby Eraharam Murugan temple
In the village of Eraharam there is a murugan temple known as Kandhanathaswamy thirukovil. This temple is considered to be the adhi temple of Swamimalai Swaminathaswamy temple. This Kandhanathaswamy temple can be reacher from kumbakonam and from thirupurambiyam.
Legend
As per Hindu legend, Brahma, the Hindu god of creation, disrespected Muruga (the son of Shiva) at the time of visiting Mount Kailash, the abode of Shiva. The child Muruga got angry with Brahma and asked them how they were creating living beings. Brahma said that they were creating living beings with the help of the Vedas (Hindu scriptures). On hearing the reply, Muruga asked Brahma to recite the texts from Vedas. Brahma started to recite the text with the holy word called Pranav Mantra, "Om". At that time Muruga stopped Brahma and asked them to explain the meaning of the Pranava Mantra. Brahma did not expect such a question from the child and could not reply. Muruga knocked Brahma on their forehead with their clenched fists and punished them with imprisonment. Muruga took up the role of the creator. The Devas (celestial deities) were surprised by the absence of Brahma and they requested Vishnu to negotiate with Muruga to release Brahma. Vishnu could not help and as the last resort, Shiva went to the rescue of Brahma.
Shiva came to Muruga and asked them to release Brahma from imprisonment. Muruga refused to release them stating Brahma was unaware of the meaning of the Om - (Pranav Mantra-Tamil: ௐ AUM). Shiva asked Muruga to explain the meaning and Muruga extolled to Shiva the meaning of Om. Shiva behaved like a student to a teacher, listening with rapt attention from their son, giving Muruga the name "Swaminatha Swami". The meaning of this name is "The Teacher of Shiva". Following the legend, the shrine of the son Muruga is atop the hillock, while the father Shiva's shrine is located at the basement.
As per the Kanda Puranam, once all sages and gods assembled in Kailash to witness the wedding of Shiva with Parvathi. It resulted in the tilting of earth towards one direction. Shiva asked sage Agasthya to move towards South to balance the tilt. Agastya employed a demon by name Ettumba to carry two hills in their shoulders to be placed in the South. The demon carried the hills down south and rested in a place. When they tried to lift one of the hills, it didn't budge and they found a young man standing at the top of the hill not allowing it to be moved. The demon tried to attack the young man, but was smitten. Sage Agastya identified the young man as Karthikeya and asked them to pardon the demon. Karthikeya readily did so and let the hill remain there at Pazhani. It is a practice followed in the modern times where people carry milk in both their shoulders as a devotion to please Karthikeya. The demon carried the other hill to Swamimalai.
Architecture
The temple is located in Swamimalai, a panchayat town located away from Kumbakonam on the Kumbakonam - Tiruvayyaru highway. In Swamimalai, Muruga is known as "Balamurugan" and "Swaminatha Swami". The temple is built on an artificial hill. In Tamil language, such an artificial hill is called "Kattu Malai".Earlier it was called as "Thiruveragam". The temple has three gopuram (gateway towers) and three precincts. Out of the three precincts, one is located in the basement, the second at midway to the top of the hillock and the third on the hillock, around the sanctum of the Swaminathaswamy shrine. There are sixty steps and each one is named after the sixty Tamil years. The first thirty steps lead to the second precinct of the temple. The image of Swaminathaswamy is tall. There are golden armours, golden crowns and a diamond lance for Swaminathaswamy. There is a shrine of Vinayagar outside the first precinct. The central shrine houses the granite image of Swaminathaswamy. The first precinct has the images of Dakshinamurthy, Durga, Chandikeswarar and the festival image of Swaminathaswamy. The images of Sundaresawar as lingam (Shiva) and Meenakshi (Parvathi) are located down hill and the first precinct around their shrines have the images of Dakshinamurthy, Durga, Chandikeswarar and Navagrahas. The second precinct and the largest one of the temple houses a marriage hall and the chariot of the temple. The temple is one of the most visited temples in the district. The original animal mount of Murugan is believed to have been an elephant, compared to the peacock which is considered to be the most common mount. The white elephant, is considered a powerful, terror striking animal. The iconography is maintained only in two places, namely, this temple and Tiruttani Murugan Temple. Unlike other Murugan temples, where peacock is sported axial to the image of the presiding deity, an elephant is seen in front of Murugan in the temple. The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Religious importance
Swamimalai is one of the Arupadaiveedu, believed to be the six main abodes of Muruga, that mark the different phases of their life. According to Hindu belief, Swamimalai is where Muruga preached what as called as "Pranava mantra" to their own father, Shiva, at a young age, after arresting Brahma for not answering their question about Pranava Mantram. The teaching capabilities of Murugan is found as one of their identifying features. The cult of Murugan is of pride to the Tamil people who identify six with Murugan connating six directions and six chakras in human anatomy.
According to Hindu legend, Mahalingaswamy at Thiruvidaimarudur is the centre of all Shiva temples in the region and the Saptha Vigraha moorthis (seven prime consorts in all Shiva temples) are located at seven cardinal points around the temple, located in various parts of the state. The seven deities are Nataraja in Chidambaram Nataraja Temple at Chidambaram, Chandikeswarar temple at Tirucheingalur, Vinayagar in Vellai Vinayagar Temple at Thiruvalanchuzhi, Muruga in Swamimalai Murugan Temple at Swamimalai, Bhairava in Sattainathar Temple at Sirkali, Navagraha in Sooriyanar Temple at Suryanar Kovil and Dakshinamoorthy in Apatsahayesvarar Temple, Alangudi at Alangudi, Papanasam taluk.
Arunagirinathar was a 15th-century Tamil poet born in Tiruvannamalai. They spent their early years as a rioter and seducer of women. After ruining their health, they tried to commit suicide by throwing themselves from the northern tower of Annamalaiyar Temple, but was saved by the grace of Murugan. They became a staunch devotee and composed Tamil hymns glorifying Murugan, the most notable being Thirupugazh. Arunagirinathar visited various Murugan temples and on their way back to Tiruvannamalai, visited Swamimalai and sung praises about Swaminathaswamy.
Worship and religious practises
The temple priests perform the puja (rituals) during festivals and on a daily basis. Like other Shiva temples of Tamil Nadu, the priests belong to the Shaiva community, a Brahmin sub-caste. The temple rituals are performed six times a day; Ushathkalam at 5:30 a.m., Kalasanthi at 8:00 a.m., Uchikalam at 10:00 a.m., Sayarakshai at 5:00 p.m., Irandamkalam at 7:00 p.m. and Ardha Jamam at 8:00 p.m. Each ritual comprises four steps: abhisheka (sacred bath), alangaram (decoration), naivethanam (food offering) and deepa aradanai (waving of lamps) for Swaminathaswamy. The worship is held amidst music with nagaswaram (pipe instrument) and tavil (percussion instrument), religious instructions in the Vedas (sacred texts) read by priests and prostration by worshippers in front of the temple mast. There are monthly rituals like amavasai (new moon day), kiruthigai, pournami (full moon day) and sathurthi. The major festival of the temple, Vaikasi Visagam, is celebrated during the Tamil month of Vaikasi (May -June). As per Hindu legend, the celestial deity Indra worshipped Subramanyaswamy on the day of visagam star and gained strength to defeat the demon Arikesa. Like other Murugan temples, the worship practises include tonsuring in the temple, ablution of the deity with sandal, panchamirtham (a mixture of five ingredients) and milk are performed by devotees. Carrying milk pots (called palkudam) and Kavadi are other common forms of worship. A few years ago, a popular event called Subramanya Sahasranama, meaning doing archana with 1008 forms of Muruga was celebrated every month. Like in Palani Murugan temple, Vibhuti Abhishekam, the ablution of the central deity with ash is performed. The central deity with adorned with diamond Vel every Thursday. The kumbabhisekam of the temple was performed on 9 September 2015.
Kumbakonam Sapta Stana Temple
This is one of the Saptha Stana Temples of Kumbakonam. During the Mahahaman of 2016 the palanquin festival was held on 7 February 2016. Following the tirttavari held at Mahamaham tank on 21 April 2016, the palanquin festival of the Sapta Stana Temples were held on 23 April 2016. The festival which started from Kumbesvara Temple at the 7.30 p.m. of 23 April 2016 completed on the morning of 25 April 2016 after going to the following temples.
Adi Kumbeswarar Temple, Kumbakonam
Amirthakadeswarar Temple, Sakkottai
Avudainathar Temple, Darasuram
Kabartheeswarar Temple
Kottaiyur Kodeeswarar Temple
Kailasanathar Temple, Melakaveri
Swaminatha Swamy Temple
Notes
References
External links
Hindu temples in Thanjavur district
Murugan temples in Tamil Nadu
Kaumaram
Twisted Rails is a 1934 American Western film directed by Albert Herman. It was distributed by the independent Imperial Distributing Corporation for the states-rights market. The plot concerns $50,000 in gold that is hidden on a train and a gang's efforts to get it.
Cast
Jack Donovan as Jim Conway
Alice Dahl as Mary McGuire
Philo McCullough as Black Jack Bolivar
Donald Keith as Louie Weinstock
Victor Potel as Tom Watson
Robert 'Buddy' Shaw as Tommy McGuire
Donald Mack as Dude Malloy
Henry Roquemore as Gilbert Henderson
Pat Harmon as Barney McGuire
Tom London as Sheriff James
Adabelle Driver as Mrs. McGuire
Lawrence Underwood as Master mechanic
External links
1934 films
American black-and-white films
1934 Western (genre) films
Films directed by Albert Herman
American Western (genre) films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Benjamin Sprague Cowen (September 27, 1793 – September 27, 1869) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Life
Born in Washington County, New York, Cowen attended the common schools, and later studied medicine. They served in the War of 1812 as a private. In 1820, they moved to Moorefield Township, Harrison County, Ohio, where they practiced medicine and studied law. They were admitted to the bar in 1829 and commenced practice in St. Clairsville, Ohio. They edited the Belmont Chronicle 1836–1840, and served as delegate to the Whig National Convention at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, in 1839.
Cowen was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1841 – March 4, 1843). They served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1845 and 1846, and as presiding judge of the Court of Common Pleas in 1847.
In 1854, they were on the nominating committee of the Republican Party, representing Belmont County.
They died in St. Clairsville, Belmont County, Ohio, September 27, 1869. Their obituary was published in the September 30, 1869 edition of the Belmont Chronicle.
Family
Cowen was married to Anne Wood (1794–1865) of Washington County, New York in 1820.
They were the father of American Civil War Union Army General Benjamin Rush Cowen.
Notes
References
1793 births
1860 deaths
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
19th-century American newspaper editors
United States Army personnel of the War of 1812
People from Washington County, New York
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state court judges
United States Army soldiers
Physicians from Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Virginia Proctor Powell Florence (October 1, 1897 – 1991) was a trailblazer in both African-American history and the history of librarianship. In 1923 they became the first black woman in the United States to earn a degree in library science. This also made them the second African-American to be formally trained in librarianship, after Edward Christopher Williams.
Early life and education
Virginia Proctor Powell Florence was the only child born to Socrates Edward and Caroline Elizabeth (Proctor) Powell on October 1, 1897 in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania. Powell Florence spent their early years in Wilkinsburg until both their mother and father died in 1913. At this time Powell Florence moved to Pittsburgh to live with their aunt.
After moving to Pittsburgh, Powell Florence graduated from Pittsburgh's Fifth Avenue High School in 1915. They followed in their mother's footsteps and continued their education at Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio. In 1919, Powell Florence earned their Bachelor of Arts degree in English literature from Oberlin and went out into the workforce. They moved back to Pittsburgh where, although having adequate training and experience, they were unable to pursue their desired goal of teaching and spent some time working at their aunt's salon as a beautician. Aware of their passion for children and books, Charles Wilbur Florence, their future husband, encouraged them to pursue a career in librarianship.
During a time when African-Americans were rarely considered for admission into predominantly white universities, Powell Florence was considered for admission into the Pittsburgh Carnegie Library School (now the University of Pittsburgh School of Information Sciences). There was much debate about allowing a black person into the program. School officials were concerned with how white students might react to having a black peer and the likelihood that Powell Florence would find work upon completion of the program was slim. No library in the Pittsburgh area had ever hired a black person with the amount of formal training Powell Florence would have after graduation. After deliberation, school officials decided to admit Powell Florence in 1922 based on their previous academic achievement at Oberlin College. Although the school had accepted her, they still had to face discrimination. They were not allowed to interact directly with the white patrons; they were instructed to allow a white patron to answer any questions patrons would have. Nevertheless, they graduated with a Bachelor of Library Science degree in 1923, after one year of library school.
Career
Although Powell Florence is recognized for their place in the history of librarianship, their first few jobs did not lead them in that direction. Upon graduating from Oberlin, Powell Florence moved to St. Paul, Minnesota to work for the YWCA as a secretary in the Girl Reserves of the Colored Girls Work Section. After only a year, Powell Florence decided St. Paul was not for them and they returned to Pittsburgh.
Upon their return to Pittsburgh, Powell Florence realized that they wanted to become a teacher. While at Oberlin, they had participated in community groups and campus literary clubs, and had a passion for working with children. Powell Florence thought the combination of their experience working with children at the YWCA and their degree in English literature would be more than adequate qualifications for them to become a teacher. Unfortunately, the Pittsburgh school system did not see their qualifications in the same light. The Pittsburgh school system had integrated the student body but they were not yet ready for black teachers to impress knowledge upon white students and therefore would not accept Powell Florence as a teacher. To their dismay, they could not find a job that they desired so they worked in their aunt's beauty salon for two years.
Not only was it apparent to Powell Florence that working in their aunt's salon did not fit into their career goals but it was also apparent to Charles Wilbur Florence. They did not want to see Powell Florence lose sight of their goals and was their main advocate for their pursuit of a degree in librarianship. Florence knew that Powell Florence had the right combination of academic success, determination, and a love for children and books to be triumphant in the program at the Carnegie Library School. Due to their encouragement, Powell Florence applied for the program and was accepted despite the school's apprehension about their race.
Following their graduation, Powell Florence applied to libraries across the country that seemed most likely to hire an African-American librarian. Powell Florence was hired into the New York Public Library system where they remained until 1927. After leaving the New York Public Library system, Powell Florence achieved yet another first: they became the first African-American to take and pass the New York high school librarian's examination. After completion of the test, Powell Florence was appointed librarian at Seward Park High School in Brooklyn.
On July 18, 1931, Virginia Proctor Powell and Charles Wilbur Florence were finally married. They had decided to delay marriage until this time to focus on their educations and careers. In addition to Mrs. Powell Florence's success, Mr. Florence was quite accomplished himself. They earned undergraduate and graduate degrees from the University of Pittsburgh and spent two years at Harvard in a quest for a doctorate, however they did not complete the requirements. While in Boston, Florence was selected to become the president of Lincoln University of Missouri in Jefferson City, Missouri. After the wedding, the couple moved to Jefferson City so Florence could begin their appointment. Powell Florence took an eight-year hiatus from librarianship to take on the role of “First Lady” of Lincoln University. In Missouri, they were described as a stylish, soft-spoken librarian fond of social teas and reading clubs.
In 1938 the couple moved again to follow another career opportunity for Florence, this time in Richmond, Virginia. Powell Florence was unable to find work for themselves in Richmond and decided to take a position in Washington, D.C. away from their husband. The move to Washington, D.C. allowed Powell Florence to return to librarianship where they worked at Cordoza High School until 1945. Due to health complications, Powell Florence stopped working in the Washington, D.C. school system and returned to Richmond.
Powell Florence's health improved and allowed them to return to their career as a librarian. They worked in the Richmond school system at Maggie L. Walker Senior High School until 1965 when they retired from the field of librarianship. Although they were no longer in the work force, they and their husband remained passionate about social justice issues. Powell Florence noted in their 1968 alumni reunion class questionnaire that, "“My husband and I, being negroes, are especially interested in Civil Rights and better race relations. We work with our church, YWCA, and the Richmond Crusade for Voters toward that end.”
Virginia Proctor Powell Florence died in 1991 at the age of 93 in Richmond.
Honors
Powell Florence's contributions to librarianship were acknowledged decades after they became the first black woman in the United States to earn a degree in library science. They were honored by the University of Pittsburgh in 1981 with a Special Award for Outstanding Professional Service and again posthumously in 2004 with a plaque in the lobby of the Information Sciences Building. Additionally the American Library Association recognized their endeavors by honoring Powell Florence in their list “100 of the most important leaders we had in the 20th century,” where they were ranked number 34.
Notes and references
External links
Papers of Virginia Proctor Powell Florence, and Charles Florence, at the University of Pittsburgh
African-American historians
20th-century American historians
American librarians
American women librarians
1897 births
1991 deaths
University of Pittsburgh alumni
Oberlin College alumni
American women historians
African-American librarians
20th-century American women writers
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
African-American women writers
Minima Moralia: Reflections from Damaged Life () is a 1951 book by the philosopher Theodor W. Adorno and a seminal text in critical theory. Adorno started writing it during World War II, in 1944, while they lived as an exile in America, and completed it in 1949. It was originally written for the fiftieth birthday of their friend and collaborator Max Horkheimer, who had co-authored the earlier book Dialectic of Enlightenment with Adorno.
The book takes its title from Magna Moralia, a work on ethics that was traditionally attributed to Aristotle, though modern scholarly consensus attributes it to a later, though sympathetic, writer. As Adorno writes in the Dedication, the "sorrowful science" (a pun on Nietzsche's The Gay Science) with which the book is concerned is "the teaching of the good life", a central theme of both the Greek and Hebrew sources of Western philosophy. In the mid-20th century, Adorno maintains that a good, honest life is no longer possible, because we live in an inhuman society. "Life does not live", declares the book's opening epigram, a quotation from Ferdinand Kürnberger's book Der Amerikamüde. Adorno illustrates this in a series of short reflections and aphorisms into which the book is broken, moving from everyday experiences to disturbing insights on general tendencies of late industrial society. Topics considered include the subversive nature of toys, the desolation of the family, the ungenuineness of being genuine, the decay of conversation, the rise of occultism, the use and abuse of semicolons, and the history of tact. Adorno shows how the smallest changes in everyday behavior stand in relation to the most catastrophic events of the twentieth century.
The book acknowledges its roots in the "damaged life" of its author, one of many intellectuals driven into exile by fascism, who, according to Adorno, are "mutilated without exception". But as one of its aphorisms reads, "The splinter in your eye is the best magnifying glass." So, as splinters left over from the smashed mirror of philosophy, the book's fragments try to illuminate clues as to humanity's descent into inhumanity in their immediate surroundings. A kind of post-philosophy working against the "untrue whole" of philosophy proper, Minima Moralia holds fast to a Judeo-Marxian vision of redemption, which it calls the only valid viewpoint with which to engage a deeply troubled world. By bringing the "Messianic light" of criticism on a landscape of consummate negativity, Adorno attempts to "project negatively an image of utopia."
While grieving the irretrievable loss of a paradise of a privileged childhood, Adorno confronts their sheltered existence with the primitive and anti-Semitic "nightmare of childhood" which they saw as being an incipient form of Fascism. They rejected any attempt, under the aegis of the USA, to reconstruct a 19th-century culture because any such attempt would either be false, or would simply set in motion the very same dynamic that had produced fascism, reasoning possibly inspired by Nietzsche's thought experiment of the eternal recurrence.
Redemption would be a final break with a system which they regarded as deterministic in the large, producing, certainly, a variety of alternative "virtual" histories, but virtual histories that would share common characteristics. Musically speaking and as seen in Mahler, certain themes would return, whether first as tragedy and then as tragic and murderous farce (where the farce of the Second Empire produced the unspoken yet real tragedy of the slaughter of the working class in Paris of 1871, one unmentioned and unmourned because the victims are unfashionable today).
References
Jaeggi, Rahel (March 2005) "“No Individual Can Resist”: Minima Moralia as Critique of Forms of Life" Constellations: An International Journal of Critical & Democratic Theory 12(1): pp. 65–82;
External links
Full text of Minima Moralia, translated by Dennis Redmond
1951 non-fiction books
Frankfurt School
German non-fiction books
Works by Theodor W. Adorno
The Victoria Ground was the home ground of Stoke City from 1878 until 1997, when the club relocated to the Britannia Stadium after 119 years. At the time of its demolition it was the oldest operational ground in the Football League.
History
The Victoria Ground had been Stoke City's home since March 1878 and the first match was a friendly against Talke Rangers on 28 March 1878, Stoke won 1–0 before 2,500 spectators. The ground took its name from the nearby Victoria Hotel and was originally an oval shape, built to accommodate a running track and used by the local athletic club. There was an open grass bank at each end, and a small but compact wooden stand on the east side (Boothen Road) capable of housing 1,000 people. Opposite this stand was another bank which could hold 4,000. The ground remained this way for 30 years during which time Stoke had become members of the Football League. The first league match at the Victoria Ground was on 8 September 1888 and ended in a 2–0 defeat against West Bromwich Albion. Stoke suffered financial difficulties and dropped out of the league in 1908 and attendances varied during their time out. Stoke got back into the league in 1919 and the ground had now been improved considerably. There were two good sized grandstands and an extra wooden one which was situated opposite the main stand and could hold 1,000 supporters.
The players changing rooms were set in the corner of the ground which also included a stove so players could keep warm. Above the changing 'hut' was the directors box, a rather primitive building but could hold around 12 people. During the early 1920s a new, mainly wooden main stand was erected alongside the 'hut' and this could hold 2,000 fans. By 1930 Stoke had added 'City' to their name and the Boothen End was terraced and later covered, and consequently the ground lost its oval shape. 1935, when the likes of Stanley Matthews was beginning to draw in the crowds, the Butler Street Stand was built, giving seating to 5,000 people. In front of the seats was a small paddock, room for another 2,000 and it took the ground capacity to around the 45,000 mark. A record crowd of 51,380 packed into the Victoria Ground on 29 March 1937 to watch a First Division match against Arsenal. During World War II the Butler Street Stand was used as an army storage camp.
Floodlights were installed at the ground in 1956 and local rivals Port Vale marked the 'official' switching on ceremony by playing Stoke in a friendly on 10 October 1956. In 1960 another new main stand was built and the dressing rooms were revamped. In the summer of 1963 concrete was laid on the paddock terracing and it was the Stoke players who helped lay it as part of a team bonding scheme. More improvements continued in the 1960s and the ground remained in a good condition until January 1976.
Over the weekend of the 3/4 January 1976, with Stoke playing Tottenham Hotspur away in the FA Cup, winds of hurricane force battered the Stoke-on-Trent area and especially the Victoria Ground for around eight hours. The strong winds blew a section of the roof off the Butler Street Stand leaving only the west corner intact. Top priority was to put the roof back in order that the replay against Tottenham could take place on 7 January. However, on the day of the match as workmen were replacing timber supports and erecting scaffolding, some of the supports collapsed and a number of workers were injured, The match itself was cancelled on safety grounds. Stoke had to play one home league match against Middlesbrough at Vale Park on 17 January and the Victoria Ground was reopened by 24 January in time for Stoke to play Tottenham in the cup.
The final improvements to the ground were made during the 1980s with the Stanley Matthews suite being opened as well as a new club shop and offices.
With the Taylor Report of January 1990 requiring all clubs in the top two division of English football have an all-seater stadium by August 1994, the club drew up plans to meet the requirements at the Victoria Ground, in spite of relegation to the Third Division in 1990, as the club was intent on re-establishing itself in the top two divisions – which was achieved three years later.
However, after a few years, Stoke chairperson Peter Coates instead decided to move the club to a new location and so in 1997 Stoke left the Victoria Ground after 119 years for the new 28,000-seater Britannia Stadium at Trentham Lakes. The final league match at the Victoria was on 4 May 1997 against the first opponents West Bromwich Albion, Stoke won 2–1 with Graham Kavanagh scoring the final Stoke goal.
The Victoria Ground was demolished in June 1997 and the site stood empty for over 20-years until a housing development was built in 2019 named Victoria Park with the streets named after former Stoke players and managers.
References
External links
Aerial image of Stoke-on-Trent in 1927
Defunct football venues in England
English Football League venues
Sports venues completed in 1878
Sports venues demolished in 1997
Sports venues in Stoke-on-Trent
Stoke City F.C.
Football Alliance venues
Demolished sports venues in the United Kingdom
Four Corners/Geneva is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Boston, Massachusetts. It serves the Fairmount Line. It is located in the Mount Bowdoin section of the Dorchester neighborhood. The new station was being built as part of the Fairmount Line Improvement Project, which included four new stations as well as infrastructure upgrades. It has two full-length high-level platforms with walkways connecting them to Washington Street and Geneva Avenue. Four Corners/Geneva Ave opened on July 1, 2013, along with Newmarket.
History
Mt. Bowdoin
Service on the Fairmount Line (as the Dorchester Branch of the Norfolk County Railroad and later the New York and New England Railroad and New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad) began in 1855 and lasted until 1944. A station named Mt. Bowdoin was located near the Washington Street overpass. The area around the station was largely developed between 1895 and 1916; a real estate office was located across the street from the station. Originally one story, the small inbound station building was awkwardly modified with a second story below street level when the tracks were lowered to eliminate problematic grade crossings. There was a small shelter on the outbound side; a set of wooden steps leading to the outbound side are still extant.
Restoration and planning
Temporary shuttle service resumed on the Fairmount Line in 1979 during Southwest Corridor construction, with stops at Uphams Corner, Morton Street, and Fairmount. The MBTA planned to drop the shuttle after service resumed on the Southwest Corridor in 1987, but the service was locally popular and the Fairmount Line became a permanent part of the system. A plan called the Indigo Line was later advanced by community activists in which the line would add stations and more frequent service to closely resemble a conventional rapid transit line. The Indigo Line plan was not adopted, but elements of it were included when the Commonwealth of Massachusetts agreed in 2005 to make improvements on the Fairmount Line part of its legally binding commitment to mitigate increased air pollution from the Big Dig. Among the selected improvements in the Fairmount Line Improvements project were four new commuter rail stations on the line, including one at Geneva Avenue. The stations were originally to be completed by the end of 2011.
Construction
After several years of planning, the $19.6 million contract to build the station went out to bid on September 4, 2009; the low bid was $17.7 million. Notice to proceed was given on January 28, 2010. A groundbreaking ceremony was held on July 16, 2010.
The inbound platform and ramp were mostly complete by the end of 2011. By April 2012, the station was 75% complete, with the inbound platform and the Geneva Avenue ramp structures in place. Construction delays were caused by the need to redesign the outbound ramp to Washington Street due to a rock vein that was missed by test borings.
On September 13, 2012, the MBTA announced that the station was planned to open in April 2013. By mid-October, the station was at 82% completion. However, the opening was delayed to July 1, 2013, to match Newmarket for publicity purposes. Ribbon-cutting ceremonies were held at Newmarket, Four Corners/Geneva, and Talbot Avenue on July 17, 2013.
References
External links
MBTA – Four Corners/Geneva
Four Corners/Geneva project page
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Boston
Stations along New York and New England Railroad lines
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1855
Railway stations closed in 1944
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2013
1855 establishments in Massachusetts
State of Divinity is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Smiling, Proud Wanderer. It was first broadcast on TVB in Hong Kong in 1996.
Cast
Note: Some of the characters' names are in Cantonese romanisation.
Jackie Lui as Ling-wu Chung
Fiona Leung as Yam Ying-ying
Timmy Ho as Lam Ping-chi
Cherie Chan as Ngok Ling-san
They Meitian as Yee-lam
Wong Wai as Ngok Bat-kwan
Lily Li as Ning Chung-chak
Pau Fong as Fung Ching-yeung
Law Lok-lam as Yam Ngor-hang
Henry Lo as Dong-fong Bat-bai
Lau Kong as Heung Man-tin
Sue Tam as Lam Fung-wong
Kwan Ching as Yu Chong-hoi
Chan Hung-lit as Tso Lang-sim
Tam Yat-ching as Tin-mun
Suen Kwai-hing as Mok Dai
Cheng Lui as Muk Ko-fung
Cheung Ying-choi as Fong-ching
Tam Chuen-hing as Chung-hui
Wah Chung-nam as Monk Bat-kei
Alice Fung as Nga Por-por
Cheng Bak-lun as Tin Bak-kwong
Chan Chi-hung as Wong Yuen-ba
Law Lan as Ting-yat
Leung Bo-ching as Ting-ching
Leung Shun-yin as Ting-man
Cheng Siu-ping as Yee-wo
Wan Seung-yin as Yee-ching
Leung Suet-may as Yee-yuk
Wayne Lai as Lau Ching-fung
Newton Lai as Kuk Yeung
Law Kwok-wai as Lut Chuk-yung
Chan Tik-hak as Tung Bak-hung
Leila Tong as Kuk Fei-yin
Chan Chung-kin as Wong Chung-kung
Leung Yam-kei as Hak Bat-chi
Lee Lung-kei as Tok Bat-yung
Kwong Chor-fai as Dam Ching-sang
Chan Wing-chun as Lo Tak-lok
Tang Yu-chiu as Leung Fat
Lee Ka-keung as Luk Dai-yau
Kong Ming-fai as Ying Bak-law
Cho Kai as Fung Bat-ping
Sit Chun-kei as Sing-bat-yau
Chu Tit-wo as Lam Tsan-nam
Wong Hoi-sam as Lam Tsan-nam's wife
Leung Siu-tik as Ting-min
Fong Kit as Luk Bak
Cheung Hon-ban as Fai Ban
Lee Hoi-sang as Chung Chan
Mak Tsi-wan as Tik-yau
Lau Siu-kwan as Yu Yan-yin
Chan Min-leung as Ka Yan-kwai
Wong Wai-tak as How Yan-ying
Kwok Chuk-wah as Hung Yan-hung
Mak Ka-lun as Yu Yan-ho
Wong Kai-tak as Law Yan-kit
Cheung Hung-cheung as Tin-chung
Leung Ming-wah as Tin-chung
Lui Kim-kwong as Yuk-kai-tsi
Koi Ngok as Yuk-mo-tsi
Shek Wan as Yuk-yam-tsi
Ho Pik-kin as Fong-sang
External links
State of Divinity at the Chinese Movie Database
State of Divinity official page on TVB website
TVB dramas
1996 Hong Kong television series debuts
1996 Hong Kong television series endings
Works based on The Smiling, Proud Wanderer
Hong Kong wuxia television series
Television series set in Imperial China
Television shows based on works by Jin Yong
Guardian is a Malayalam thriller film, directed by Satheesh Paul and starring Saiju Kurup and Miya George. Guardian was released on 1 January 2021 on Prime Reels, one of the first four released on the OTT platform.
Cast
Saiju Kurup as Dr. Arun
Nayana Elza as Shruthi Arun
Miya George as ASP Meera Mohandas IPS
Sijoy Varghese as SSP Nandakumar IPS
Shiyas Kareem as Kiran
Plot
Shruthi is the daughter of a well known business person. They attempt to commit suicide due to love failure and Dr.Arun treats them and they both become good friends. They decide to marry each other. Both of them start to live a happy life when a person blackmails them that they have their intimate pictures. The rest of the movie revolves around police trying to solve the case.
References
External links
2020s Malayalam-language films
2021 films
2021 thriller films
Indian thriller films
The Eklund Hotel, also known as Hotel Eklund and located at 15 Main St. in Clayton, New Mexico, was built in 1892. It is an example of Early Commercial architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
It is located across the street from the historic Luna Theater, also NRHP-listed.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Union County, New Mexico
References
External links
Hotel Eklund, official website
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New Mexico
Buildings designated early commercial in the National Register of Historic Places
Hotel buildings completed in 1892
Buildings and structures in Union County, New Mexico
National Register of Historic Places in Union County, New Mexico
Dalip Tahil (born as Dalip Tahilramani; 30 October 1952) is an Indian film, television and theatre actor. They studied at Sherwood College in Nainital, India. After attending Aligarh Muslim University for a year, they graduated from St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. Tahil is best known for their work in Baazigar (1993) Raja (1995) Hum hai rahi pyar ke (1993) Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak (1988).
Early life
Dalip Tahilramani was born on 30 October 1952 in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India into a Sindhi Hindu family which had migrated from Sindh during the Partition of India.
Stage
Dalip Tahil began to appear on stage while at Sherwood College, Nainital, at the age of 10. Dalip's participation over the years in choir, elocution competitions, Nativity plays, and formal and informal concerts gave them a platform to be cast in principal parts. So, during their senior years at school, they won the Kendall Cup for the best actor in two consecutive years, first as Joseph in the play My Three Angels and again as Macbeth in Shakespeare's Macbeth. They were declared the best actor for a record third time in 1969, their final year at Sherwood College.
Dalip moved with their family to Mumbai in 1968, joined the Theatre Group Bombay and trained under its directors, Alyque and Pearl Padamsee. They appeared in some of its major productions, such as John the Baptist and Jesus in Godspell (India's first English theatre musical, directed by Pearl Padamsee), Stanley Kowalski in Tennessee Williams' A Street Car Named Desire, directed by Alyque Padamsee.
They played Galy Gay, in Amal Alana's production of Bertolt Brecht's Man Is a Man.
 They are internationally known for starring as Madan Kumar in the A.R Rahman theatre musical Bombay Dreams, which they performed in over 500 shows through 2002, at the Apollo Theatre in London.
Films
Director Shyam Benegal noticed Dalip and offered them a part in their first feature film Ankur in 1974. In 1980, Ramesh Sippy offered them the role of a villain in their epic production, Shaan. This was followed by a cameo in Sir Richard Attenborough's,Gandhi, in 1982.
They went on to play principal character roles of a villain or supporting role of a father, police officer, in over 100 Bollywood films from the 1980s to 2013. They appeared in the Merchant Ivory English films The Deceivers and The Perfect Murder (1988).
In 1984, they acted as the father of Baby Sonia in India's first 3-D film, My Dear Kuttichathan, produced by Navodaya. In 2013, they portrayed Jawaharlal Nehru, in Rakeysh Om Prakash Mehra's, Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, with Farhan Akhtar in the title role of Milkha Singh. In 2007, they starred in the Punjabi movie, Sajna ve Sajna.  They are well remembered for their villainous role of Madan Chopra, a wicked business person in Baazigar (1993). Dalip has also played the role of Rupert Dali in Mission Mangal.
Television
On television, Tahil played roles in Sanjay Khan's television serial The Sword of Tipu Sultan and Ramesh Sippy's Buniyaad. Thereafter, Tahil worked in their first British television series, Bombay Blue (TV series).
Tahil gained national recognition across the UK when they won the role of Dan Ferreira, in the iconic BBC1 soap opera EastEnders in 2003, appearing in over 60 episodes. They made their last appearance in the episode aired on 30 December 2003. As a result of an insufficient work permit application, Dalip had to exit the series which compelled them to appeal to the Secretary of State in the UK. Dalip was subsequently granted indefinite leave to remain in the UK in 2005.
In 2007, Tahil appeared in the BBC2 mini-series Nuclear Secrets in the episode "Terror Traders", playing Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan. They later played the role of King Dasaratha in the Indian television series, Siya Ke Ram, which premiered on 16 November 2015 through Star Plus and concluded on 4 November 2016.
Music
They released an album titled Raaz Ki Baaten.
Selected filmography
Ankur (1974)
Shaan (1980) as Kumar
Shakti (1982) as Ganpat Rai
Gandhi (1982) as Zia
Arth (1982) as Dilip
My Dear Kuttichathan (Malayalam) (1984) as Laxmi's father, [India's first 3D Film]
Aaj Ki Awaz (1984) as Suresh Thakur
Trikaal (1985) as Leon Gonsalves
Adventures of Tarzan (1985) as D.K.
Janbaaz (1986) as Farm Manager
Sultanat (1986) as Janna
Aakhree Raasta (1986) as Police Inspector / Police Commissioner Roop Kumar Sahay
Buniyaad (1987) TV serial on DD National as "Bhushan" Haveli Ram's Eldest Son
Jalwa (1987) as D.D.'s Henchman
Nazrana as Banke
Dance Dance (1987) as Brijmohan "Binjo"
Kaash (1987) as Vijay
Mere Baad (1988) as Jeevan
Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak (1988) as Dhanraj Singh
The Deceivers (1988) as Daffadar Ganesha
The Perfect Murder (1988) as Dilip Lal
Ram Lakhan (1989) as Thakur Pratap Singh
Tridev (1989) as Don
Love Love Love (1989) as Amit's Father
The Sword of Tipu Sultan (1989) on DD National
Kishen Kanhaiya (1990) as Mahesh
Ajooba (1991) as Shah Rukh
Ganga Jamuna Ki Lalkar (1991)
Saudagar (1991) as Gajendra Singh
Vishwatma (1992) as DCP Gupta
Deewana (1992) as Ramakant Sahay
Jungle Queen (1993)
King Uncle (1993) as Pradeep Malik
Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke (1993) as Mr. Bijlani
Darr (1993) as Captain Mehra
Baazigar (1993) as Madan Chopra
Professor Ki Padosan (1993) as Ranjeet
Suhaag (1994) as Dr. Sinha
Imtihan (1994) as Dindayal Khanna
Aatank Hi Aatank (1995) as Robert
Raja (1995) as Vishwa Garewal
Jeet (1996) as Ramakant Sahay
Judwaa (1997) as SP Malhorta
Ishq (1997) as Harbanslal
Gupt (1997) as Meghnath Choudhary
Soldier (1998) as Veerendra Sinha
Ghulam (1998) as Siddharth's Father
Mann (1999) as Pratap Singhania
Chal Mere Bhai (2000) as Balraj Oberoi
Dhai Akshar Prem Ke (2000) as Rai Bahadur
Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai (2000) as Mr. Malik
Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani (2000) as Mr. Chinoy
Mujhe Kucch Kehna Hai (2001) as Karan's father
Chhupa Rustam: A Musical Thriller (2001) as Diwan Baldev
Chori Chori Chupke Chupke (2001) as Rajeev Malhotra
Ajnabee (2001) as Priya's Father
Love Ke Liye Kuchh Bhi Karega (2001) as Sapna's Father
Maine Dil Tujhko Diya (2002) as Mr. Chopra
Talaash (2003) as D.K. Sharma
EastEnders (2003) as Dan Ferreira (British soap opera)
Paarewari (2004) as Madhu's father (Sindhi language film)
Nuclear Secrets (2007) as A.Q Khan
Shakalaka Boom Boom (2007) as album producer
Partner (2007) as Raja Singh
Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal (2007) as Johny Bakshi
Race (2008) as Kabir Ahuja
Love Story 2050 (2008) as Karan's fad
God Tussi Great Ho (2008) as TV station owner, Kewalchandani
Rock On!! (2008) as Farhaan Akhtar's boss
Zindagi Tere Naam (2008)
Sajna Ve Sajna (2008) as Kartar Singh
Raat Gayi Baat Gayi (2008) as Saxena
Kisaan (2008)
Hello (2008) as Subhash Bakshi
I Can't Think Straight (2008) as Omar
Dil Bole Hadippa (2009) as Liyaqat Ali Khan (Lucky)
Aazan (2011)
Ra.One (2011)
Loot (2011) as Batliwala
London, Paris, New York (2012) as Lalitha's father
Bhaag Milkha Bhaag (2013) as Jawahar Lal Nehru
War Chhod Na Yaar (2013) as Politician
Entertainment (2014) as Pannalal Johri
Anjaan (2014) as JK
Samvidhaan (2014) TV serial on RS TV as Pandit Nehru
Phir Se... (2015)
Welcome 2 Karachi (2015) as Kedar's father
Jaanisaar (2015) as Kunwar Iqbal Hassan
Salaam Mumbai (2016)
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017) as Ego (Hindi version)
Razia Sultan as Marush
Mission Mangal (2019) as Rupert Desai
Darbar (2020) as Union Home secretary
Toolsidas Junior(2022) as Jimmy Tandon
HIT: The First Case (2022) as Ajit Singh Shekhawat
Web series
Parchhayee (2019) as Dadaji
The Family Man (2019) web series on Amazon Prime as Kulkarni
Hostages (2019) web series on Hotstar as CM Khushwant Lal Handa
Guilty (2020)
A New Day Will Be
Made in Heaven (2019) web series on Amazon Prime as Kishore Khanna
Television
References
External links
BBC – EastEnders – Redirect
1952 births
Living people
Indian people
Sindhi people
Indian Hindus
Indian people of Sindhi descent
Indian male film actors
People from Agra
Indian male television actors
Indian male stage actors
Indian male voice actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Indian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
Sherwood College alumni
The Sainthia train collision occurred on 19 July 2010, at the Sainthia Junction railway station in Sainthia, India, when the Uttar Banga Express collided with the Vananchal Express as it was leaving the platform. 66 people died as a result of the accident, and 165 people were reported injured.
Collision
The collision occurred 191 km from Kolkata at (IST) when the Uttar Banga Express, travelling from New Cooch Behar to Sealdah, hit the Bhagalpur – Ranchi Vananchal Express which was just leaving Sainthia railway station. The impact destroyed the 3 rear compartments of the Vananchal Express.
Injured people were sent to hospitals in Sainthia and Suri. A need for much faster response to such accidents has been expressed by the Home Minister.
Investigation
Railway officials initially described how there may have been something wrong with the drivers of the Uttar Banga Express, detailing how the train had passed through a red signal at high speed, with no evidence of a brake application and with no apparent attempt by the driver or co-driver to jump clear of the train cab before the collision. Both were found dead in the wreckage, still in their seats. The possibility of the two drivers of Uttar Banga Express being drugged had triggered alarm in the railways. However, the post mortem of the drivers at the Suri hospital did not show any evidence of drugs. As a precaution, drivers and guards have been asked not to buy any food or drink at stations.
Sainthia railway station was a scheduled stop for the express, but the train is believed to have passed over a bridge before the accident at three times the line speed. The crew had taken charge of the train at Malda Town 5 hours before the accident, and had appeared fit and well to station staff during a previous unscheduled stop at Gadadharpur, ahead of the accident site.
The signalman in-charge at the station claimed to have heard the station master trying to alert the driver of the Uttar Banga Express via walkie-talkie, but got no response.
The enquiry has found no fault with the train's brakes although, the guard, when questioned said that they had applied the emergency brake after the driver did not respond to them on the walkie-talkie, but the brake failed. Also there was no signal failure, the approach signal was red. Probable causal factors found are the drugging of the drivers and not setting a diversion route when the Vananchal Express was standing at the platform. It was too late to operate points and divert the train when the Uttar Banga Express was seen.
The driver of the Vananchal Express, said that "even though the green signal was given at 1.54am, we could start the train only at 2.01am because we had not received any signal from the guard".
Compensation
Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee has announced compensation of a total of ₹500,000 for the dead, ₹100,000 for the seriously injured, and ₹25,000 for minor injuries.
See also
List of Indian rail incidents
References
External links
Photographs of the unidentified persons who died in the incident of collision of 3148 DN Uttar Banga Express & 3404 DN Vananchal Express on the night of 19 July 2010 at Sainthia Station Reference: Sainthia GRPS Case No. 13/10 dated 19 July 2010 u/s 279/337/338/304A IPC.
Railway accidents and incidents in West Bengal
Railway accidents in 2010
2010 disasters in India
2010s in West Bengal
Train collisions in India
Canada Gate forms part of the Queen Victoria Memorial scheme in London. An entrance to the Green Park, one of the eight Royal Parks in central London, the gate was presented to London by Canada (then the senior Dominion of the British Empire) as part of a vast memorial scheme dedicated to Queen Victoria, who died in 1901.
The entire memorial, more an act of town planning than funerary monument, was designed by Sir Aston Webb. It takes the form of a processional route from Trafalgar Square to Buckingham Palace. Beginning at Admiralty Arch, the project takes in The Mall and culminates in a "rond point" before the palace, with Sir Thomas Brock's Victoria Memorial at its centre. The Canada Gate was commissioned, in 1905, along with the gates for Buckingham Palace and two other similar, but smaller gates presented by Australia and South Africa. The commission was won by the Bromsgrove Guild (a company of modern artists and designers associated with the Arts and Crafts Movement) who completed the work and had the gate in situ by 1911.
The gate stands to the north side of the "rond point" at the junction with Constitution Hill; today, a congested roundabout, but occasionally closed to traffic when the Mall is required for state processions from the palace. From the gate, a long double avenue stretches the width of the park through to Piccadilly.
The gate is in the same style as those of Buckingham Palace and bears the coats of arms of six of the seven Canadian provinces of the time (left to right: Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward Island), while in the centre of the gate is the original coat of arms of Canada of 1868. In design, Canada Gate takes the form of a screen consisting of 5 portals of gilded wrought iron, the central section being the principal and largest gate; the double gates are supported on columns of iron. The two wrought iron bays flanking the central gate contain smaller gates, while the two terminating bays contain smaller pedestrian gates. The screen is terminated by two massive pillars of Portland stone surmounted by patriotic statuary. On the pillars are reliefs of the shields of three other Canadian provinces, British Columbia (left) and Alberta and Saskatchewan (both right). The flanking inner columns are smaller and, like the iron posts, are crowned by gas lanterns of similar design to those on the pillars of the palace railings.
References
See also
Canada Memorial
Grade I listed gates
Canada–United Kingdom relations
Tourist attractions in the City of Westminster
1911 establishments in England
Buildings and structures in Green Park
Hickory Municipal Building is a historic municipal building located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1920–1921, and is a two-story brick building in the Classical Revival style. It has a three-story auditorium. The front facade features a one-story limestone portico, protecting the center entrance. In 1977, the city administrative offices were relocated to the new city hall. It houses the Hickory Community Theatre.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Government buildings completed in 1921
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
City and town halls in North Carolina
Rosa Vicenta Montserrat Coscolín Figueras (25 October 1922 – 4 December 2005) known professionally as Gloria Lasso was a Spanish-born canción melódica singer, long based in France. In the 1950s, they were one of the major competitors to Dalida.
Born in Vilafranca del Penedès (Barcelona) in Catalonia, Spain, they achieved a degree of fame and success in the 1950s and 1960s, with songs such as Amour, castagnettes et tango (1955), Etranger au paradis (1956, a French version of Stranger in paradise by Tony Bennett), Buenas noches mi amor (1957) and Bon voyage (1958).
Eventually superseded by Dalida, they moved to Mexico, but attempted a comeback to France in 1985 performing at the Paris Olympia. They were reportedly married six times.
They died from a myocardial infarction, aged 83, at their Cuernavaca, Mexico home.
Chart positions (France)
Albums
1956 – Le tour de chant de Gloria Lasso – #10
Singles
1955 – Étrangère au Paradis – #2
1956 – Dolorès – #7
1956 – Toi mon démon – #8
1956 – Mandolino – #11
1956 – Amour, castagnettes et tango – #5
1956 – La fête Brésilienne – #41
1956 – Malaguena – #45
1956 – La cueillette du coton – #16
1956 – Lisbon Antigua – #3
1956 – Adieu Lisbonne – #20
1957 – Bambino – #6
1957 – Le torrent – #3
1957 – Canastos (duet with Luis Mariano) – #3
1957 – Amour perdu – #18
1957 – Buenas noches mi amor – #7
1957 – Marianne – #12
1957 – Padre Don José – #46
1957 – Histoire d'un amour – #17
1958 – Gondolier – #10
1958 – Bon voyage – #15
1958 – Diana – #10
1958 – Ça c'est l'amour – #27
1958 – Sarah – #46
1958 – Je t'aimerai, t'aimerai – #22
1959 – Bonjour, chéri – #22
1959 – Vénus – #1 (for 5 weeks)
1959 – La chanson d'Orphée – #6
1959 – Sois pas fâché – #21
1960 – Valentino – #5
1960 – Adios Muchachos / Acercate Mas
1961 – Pépito – #15
1961 – Le goût de la violence – #32
1961 – Oui devant Dieu – #56
1962 – Et maintenant – #17
1962 – Magali – #35
References
External links
InfoDisc Charts in France
1922 births
2005 deaths
People from Alt Penedès
People from Cuernavaca
Spanish women singers
French-language singers
20th-century Spanish women
Spanish expatriates in France
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1956 season.
Overview
It was contested by 13 teams, and Sarkanais Metalurgs won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Rathcline (; ) is a barony in County Longford, Republic of Ireland.
Etymology
Rathcline takes its name from the townland and parish of Rathcline (from Irish Ráth Claon, "rath on the slope").
Location
Rathcline is located in southwest County Longford, to the east of Lough Ree and north of the River Inny.
History
Rathcline barony was formed from the territories of The Callow (Caladh na hAnghaile, left bank of Shannon, Lanesboro to Ballymahon) and the territory of Clanconnor (part Kilcommoc, part Cashel). Rathcline Castle (near modern Lanesborough) was built around the 9th Century by the Ó Cuinn (O'Quinn) clan. Later it was fought for and taken by the Uí Fhearghail (O'Farrell) clan and subsequently taken over by the Normans around the beginning of the 12th Century. Ó Fachtna (O'Faughny) is also noted as chief of the Callow (Callo) into the 16th century.
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Rathcline:
Ballymahon
Keenagh (southern part)
Lanesborough
Newtowncashel
References
Baronies of County Longford
Suitcase Sam is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Toronto, Ontario.  They are known for their self titled project, playing with a full band sometimes described as Suitcase Sam and the Suits or Suitcase Sam and their Orchestra.
Career
Suitcase Sam, inspired by the 1920's Jazz Age and acts like Leon Redbone, released their first EP Get It To Go in 2010. They were originally signed with Pleasance Records. The album was later adapted into a short film for BravoFACT under the same name. After joining Curve Music, Get It To Go was reissued in 2019. They have opened for acts like Courtney Barnett, Elliott Brood and Benjamin Booker.
In 2019 on the Curve label, Suitcase Sam released Goodnight Riverdale Park to favourable reviews. Album collaborations included Marlon Chaplin and members of The Lemon Bucket Orkestra. In October, 2020, a music video for "Frankie and Me" from the album was released, directed by Justin Friesen. In June 2021, a new video for "Edge of Town" was released directed by Justine and Karly McCloskey.
Discography
2010: Get It To Go, EP
2014: Waiting On A Train, EP
2019: Goodnight Riverdale Park, LP
References
External links
Living people
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Canadian singer-songwriters
Musicians from Toronto
21st-century Canadian guitarists
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian male singers
Bob "Nails" Carmichael (4 July 1940 – 18 November 2003) was an Australian tennis player and coach.
As a player, Carmichael won one singles title and 12 doubles titles, and achieved a top-ten ranking in 1970. Partnering Allan Stone, they reached the doubles final of the 1975 Australian Open.
Following their retirement in 1979, Carmichael was a coach for Tennis Australia, and the Australian Institute of Sport. They coached top-ranking professionals Patrick Rafter, Lleyton Hewitt, Darren Cahill and Leander Paes.
Career finals
Doubles (12 titles, 22 runner-ups)
References
External links
1940 births
2003 deaths
Australian male tennis players
Australian tennis coaches
Australian Institute of Sport coaches
Tennis players from Melbourne
Not to Be Taken is a 1938 mystery detective novel by the British writer Anthony Berkeley. It was one of several stand-alone novels they wrote alongside their series featuring the private detective Roger Sheringham. It was written when the Golden Age of Detective Fiction was at its height. It was published in the United States with the alternative title A Puzzle in Poison.
Synopsis
In the small English village of Anneypenney, the death of the squire John Waterhouse is at first taken to be natural. However, their brother suspects murder and demands the body is exhumed and it is revealed they died from arsenic poisoning. The problem is, nobody seems to have a motive for having killed the victim.
References
Bibliography
Herbert, Rosemary. Whodunit?: A Who's Who in Crime & Mystery Writing. Oxford University Press, 2003.
Miskimmin, Esme. 100 British Crime Writers. Springer Nature, 2020.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Turnbull, Malcolm J. Elusion Aforethought: The Life and Writing of Anthony Berkeley Cox. Popular Press, 1996.
Turnbull, Malcolm J. Victims Or Villains: Jewish Images in Classic English Detective Fiction. Popular Press, 1998.
1938 British novels
Novels by Anthony Berkeley
British crime novels
British mystery novels
British detective novels
Hodder & Stoughton books
Novels set in England
Don't Mow Your Lawn is an album by trombonist Ray Anderson and their Alligatory band which was released on the Enja label in 1994.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "Trombonist Ray Anderson is typically uninhibited throughout this joke-filled set. Their high-note screams are well-matched by trumpeter Lew Soloff and some of the vocals (most notably on the title cut) are memorable. There is some strong playing by the two horns ... the humor and philosophizing are often dominant".
Track listing
All compositions by Ray Anderson except where noted
"Don't Mow Your Lawn" (Ray Anderson, Jackie Raven) – 5:39
"Diddleybop" – 8:44
"Damaged But Good" (Anderson, Raven) – 5:31
"Alligatory Pecadillo" – 7:41
"What'cha Gonna Do With That" (Anderson, Raven) – 5:28
"Airwaves" – 10:30
"Blow Your Own Horn" (Anderson, Raven) – 9:45
"Disguise the Limit" – 6:53
Personnel
Ray Anderson – trombone, lead vocal
Lew Soloff – trumpet
Jerome Harris – guitar, background vocal
Gregory Jones – bass, background vocal
Tommy Campbell – drums
Frank Colón – percussion
References
Ray Anderson (musician) albums
1994 albums
Enja Records albums
Middle Georgia College (MGC) was a four-year state college unit of the University System of Georgia. On Jan. 8, 2013, it was consolidated with Macon State College into a new institution, which is now known as Middle Georgia State University.
The college's main campus was in Cochran, and that campus is now a satellite campus of Middle Georgia State University. The campus continues to operate with the same facilities as it had before consolidation. MGC had two other campuses — located in Eastman and Dublin — and they also continue to operate as campuses of Middle Georgia State University.
History
Middle Georgia College dates back to the establishment of New Ebenezer College, which occupied the site of the current Cochran campus of Middle Georgia State University and was established in 1884 by the New Ebenezer Baptist Association. The association was composed largely of Baptist churches in Pulaski, Dodge, Laurens, and Telfair counties.
The first building on the campus was completed in 1886, and classes were first held in 1887 with approximately 100 students. During the early period, the institution was divided into preparatory and collegiate departments. A stated purpose of the curriculum, as described in the catalog of 1887, was "to prepare pupils for business or for the Junior Class in Universities. This includes Latin, Greek, Mathematics, Natural Science and several modern languages, with English studies and Music." The New Ebenezer Baptist Association discontinued their financial support for their namesake college in 1898, forcing the school to close its doors.
The college's building served as a high school for the city of Cochran until 1913, when the high school moved. No documentation exists regarding the facilities from 1913-1919, leading to the presumption that it was unoccupied during that time.
In 1919, the Georgia State College of Agricultural and Mechanic Arts (a division of the University of Georgia) opened a branch dedicated to serving the needs of the Twelfth congressional district in the building formerly used by New Ebenezer College. In 1927, the school's name was changed to Middle Georgia Agricultural and Mechanical Junior College, though it remained a branch of the state agricultural school. In 1929, the school's name was changed to Middle Georgia College and responsibility for its operation was given to a nine-person board of trustees.
MGC was finally made an independent institution in 1931, when it was created as one of the original units of the newly created University System of Georgia.
During World War II, MGC hosted the 50th College Training Detachment of the U.S. Army Air Force and graduated 17 classes of aviation students from March 1943- July 1944.
In 1964, Dr. Louis C. Alderman, Jr. become president. Many new buildings as well as renovations of existing facilities marked their tenure in growing the college's reputation, academic excellence, and campus beauty. During this term, the Dublin Campus was opened in 1984. Dr. Alderman died on December 13, 1987, having served the longest term of any past or subsequent president of the college. Alderman Community Hall was dedicated to their memory on May 21, 2009.
A new program and campus was added to the school in 2007, when the Georgia Aviation Technical College in Eastman was merged with Middle Georgia College.
In January 2012, the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia approved the consolidation of the college with Macon State College. The Board of Regents approved the name change to Middle Georgia State College on Tuesday, May 8, 2012 and also laid out a path for elevating the consolidated institution to university status after a review process. The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, the regional accrediting agency, gave its approval of the consolidation in December 2012, and the Board of Regents acted to make the consolidation official, effective immediately, on Jan. 8, 2013.
Baseball program
The Middle Georgia College Warrior baseball team won 4 NJCAA national championships:
•1979
•1980
•1982
•1995
The team reached the JUCO World Series 13 times:
•1975, Third-Place Finish
•1980
•1982
•1983, NJCAA Runner-Up
•1984, Fourth-Place Finish
•1990, NJCAA Runner-Up
•1995
•1996, Third-Place Finish
•2001
•2002
•2004
•2009
The Warriors won 38 conference, division, or region championships, and finished district runner-up 6 times.
Notable alumni
Antonio Cochran, former NFL player
Andrico Hines, former AFL player
Frank Jones, forer college football coach
Will Pettis, Arena Football Hall of Fame player
Josh Reddick, Major League Baseball player
George Thornewell Smith, politician
Jerry Zulli, college baseball coach
References
Education in Bleckley County, Georgia
Defunct public universities and colleges in Georgia (U.S. state)
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Educational institutions established in 1884
Educational institutions disestablished in 2013
Buildings and structures in Bleckley County, Georgia
Education in Dodge County, Georgia
Education in Laurens County, Georgia
NJCAA athletics
1884 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
2013 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Pornography in the Middle East has been somewhat minimally documented and researched by scholars.
Though broadcast of and internet access to pornography is restricted or banned in many countries in the region, widespread access to pornography is available via satellite dishes.
In Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and almost all other countries in the Middle East, pornography is illegal. However, due to widespread Internet access (in particular, downloading programs) and the existence of a large-scale black market in Western films, a law in Iran was passed in mid-2007 by parliament but still required approval of the Guardian Council, producers of pornographic films face execution if found guilty.
Pornography is readily available for users in a handful of Middle Eastern nations, such as Turkey, Azerbaijan, Lebanon and Israel; and the production of pornography is also legal within Turkey,Lebanon, Azerbaijan and Israel.
In September 2011, a Lebanese-Syrian gang involved in promoting pornographic movies was arrested by the Lebanese general security forces, according to Lebanon's National News Agency. The group sold the films on DVDs to minors in various regions in Lebanon.
See also
Pornography in Turkey
The East is Blue
References
Middle Eastern culture
Luigi Lippomano (also Alvise, or Aloisio, in Latin Aloisius Lipomanus) (1496, Venice – 15 August 1559, Rome) was an Italian bishop and hagiographer.
Life
Luigi Lippomano was the illegitimate son of Venetian patrician Bartolo Lippomano, who determined to provide an ecclesiastical career for their son. They graduated from the university at Padua and eventually entered into service at the papal court in Rome. Distinguished for their piety and integrity of character, they were among the first in Rome to join the "Oratorio della Carità" founded by St. Cajetan of Tiene, and composed of distinguished men, who in the Roman Curia were the leaven of Church reform, and afterwards took a prominent part in the Council of Trent. In 1528 they accompanied the court of Pope Clement VII to Orvieto after the sack of Rome by imperial troops. Later that year they sent their brother Thomas a detailed firsthand report of the great flood of the Tiber.
In 1538, they were consecrated titular Bishop of Methone by Cardinal Gian Pietro Carafa, future Pope Paul IV, and appointed coadjutor cum jure successionis to their cousin Pietro Lippomano, Bishop of Bergamo, who was also active in Catholic reform. Due to their illegitimate birth and some say also opposition from German cardinals, Luigi would never become a cardinal. In 1542 Pope Paul III sent them as nuncio to Portugal to announce the convocation of the Council of Trent. They returned to Italy and took an active part in the council, following the council fathers to Bologna in 1547, where they attended all the sessions.
When Pietro was transferred to Verona in 1544, Luigi accompanied him. Pietro died in Edinburgh Castle during the summer of 1548 while on a diplomatic mission in Scotland, and Luigi succeeded them as Bishop of Verona.
In 1548 they were sent with Bertano and Pighi to Germany. From 1551 they were one of the presidents of the Council until its suspension (25 April 1552), during that period the dogmatic decrees on the Eucharist, penance, and extreme unction were published, as well as several decrees on reform.
In 1555 Pope Paul IV sent them as nuncio to Poland, where, on account of their lively opposition to the pretensions of the Protestant nobility, their reception was mixed. Tired and sick they returned to Verona in February 1557, and later, after recovery to Rome, where they stayed until their death on 15 August 1559.
Works
Amid their numerous official duties, they did not neglect their studies, which, however, they directed towards spiritual edification. Thus they wrote "Catenae in Genesin" (Paris, 1546), "In Exodum" (Paris, 1550)—both works republished at Rome in 1557; (Venice, 1553). Their chief work was Sanctorum priscorum patrum vitae (8 vols., Venice, 1551–60; 2 vols., Louvain 1564), for which they engaged the services of many learned men, and himself, on their travels, searched libraries and archives. This collection gave a great impulse to scientific hagiography, and opened the way for Surius and the Bollandists.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
Notes
Marco Foscarini, Della letteratura veneta (Venice, 1854)
Ferdinando Ughelli, Italia sacra, IV (2nd ed.) 497-9
Streber in Kirchenlexikon, s. v.
Diaria Conc. Trid., I-II (Freiburg, 1901-4), passim.
Lorenzo Tacchella, Il Processo agli eretici veronesi nel 1550: S. Ignazio di Loyola e Luigi Lippomano (Verona, 1979)
Henryk Damian Wojtyska, Acta Nuntiaturae Polonae: Aloisius Lippomano 1555-1557 (Rome, 1993)
Magda Teter, Sinners on Trial (Cambridge, Mass, 2011), chapter 5
1500 births
1559 deaths
Italian Roman Catholic titular bishops
Participants in the Council of Trent
Christian hagiographers
Apostolic Nuncios to Poland
16th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
University of Padua alumni
Italian male writers
16th-century Venetian writers
16th-century male writers
Bishops of Bergamo
Joseph Zacharie Jacques Apoux (5 November 1846, Le Blanc – 11 November 1910, Le Kremlin-Bicêtre) was a French painter, illustrator and engraver of the late 19th century associated with the Decadent movement.
Biography
Joseph Apoux studied painting and drawing under Jean-Léon Gérôme. They then specialized in aquatint and drypoint engraving. They exhibited in salons from 1880 and participated in the international exhibition Blanc et Noir ('Black and White') in 1886.
Apoux produced numerous series of erotic engravings and prints, including Pornographic Alphabet (), Fantastic Reveries, and Etching Caprices (). Their work was published by the L. Joly publishing house (Quai Saint-Michel) and the print merchant René Pincebourde (Rue de Verneuil) between 1880 and 1900.
Apoux lived their whole working life in Paris and married their first cousin Clarisse Camus, who bore them three children: Clarisse, who became a milliner and dressmaker, Marie, and Henri.
References
Bibliography
Oliver, Valerie Cassel, ed. (2011). "Apoux, Joseph". In Benezit Dictionary of Artists. Oxford Art Online. Oxford University Press.
Spiller, Monika (2021). "Apoux, Joseph". In Beyer, Andreas; Savoy, Bénédicte; and Tegethoff, Wolf (eds.). Allgemeines Künstlerlexikon - Internationale Künstlerdatenbank. De Gruyter.
"Apoux (Joseph-Jacques-Zacharie)", Revue du Centre: littérature, histoire, archéologie, sciences, statistique et beaux-arts, 15 June 1886.
"Apoux (Joseph)", Dictionnaire général des artistes de l'école française depuis l'origine des arts du dessin jusqu'à nos jours (Paris, 1887)
"Joseph Apoux", The British Museum Online. Retrieved 2 December 2021.
"'Les Crêpes', an amusing Belle Époque French erotic etching by Joseph Apoux", MarkHill: Antiques and Modern Design. Retrieved 2 December 2021.
External links
"Joseph Apoux", "Alphabet pornographique". HonestErotica.com.
19th-century French illustrators
19th-century French engravers
French erotic artists
French painters
People from Le Blanc
1846 births
1910 deaths
Mike Salmon may refer to:
Mike Salmon (footballer)
Mike Salmon (American football)
Mike Salmon (racing driver)
The 2007 ICC Awards were held on 10 September 2007 in Johannesburg, South Africa. Previous events were held in London (2004), Sydney (2005) and Mumbai (2006). Having been hosted since 2004, the ICC Awards were now into their fourth year. They were presented in association with the Federation of International Cricketers' Associations (FICA) and honours for Associate Player of the Year were also awarded for the first time. The ICC awards the Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy to the Cricketer of the Year, which is considered to be the most prestigious award in world cricket.
Selection Committee
Nominees were voted on by a 56-member academy of current and ex-players and officials from among players chosen by the ICC Selection Committee, chaired by ICC Cricket Hall of Famer Sunil Gavaskar.
Selection Committee members:
Sunil Gavaskar (chairperson)
Chris Cairns
Gary Kirsten
Iqbal Qasim
Alec Stewart
Winners and nominees
The winners and nominees of various individual awards were:
Cricketer of the Year
Winner: Ricky Ponting (Aus)
Nominees: Shivnarine Chanderpaul (WI), Matthew Hayden (Aus), Michael Hussey (Aus), Mahela Jayawardene (SL), Jacques Kallis (SA), Glenn McGrath (Aus), Muttiah Muralitharan (SL), Kevin Pietersen (Eng), Shaun Pollock (SA), Kumar Sangakkara (SL), Mohammad Yousuf (Pak)
Test Player of the Year
Winner: Mohammad Yousuf (Pak)
Nominees: Mohammad Asif (Pak), Shivnarine Chanderpaul (WI), Stuart Clark (Aus), Matthew Hayden (Aus), Michael Hussey (Aus), Mahela Jayawardene (SL), Zaheer Khan (Ind), Anil Kumble (Ind), Brian Lara (WI), Glenn McGrath (Aus), Muttiah Muralitharan (SL), Makhaya Ntini (SA), Monty Panesar (Eng), Kevin Pietersen (Eng), Shaun Pollock (SA), Ricky Ponting (Aus), Kumar Sangakkara (SL), Ryan Sidebottom (Eng), Shane Warne (Aus)
ODI Player of the Year
Winner: Matthew Hayden (Aus)
Nominees: Shane Bond (NZ), Mark Boucher (SA), Nathan Bracken (Aus), Shivnarine Chanderpaul (WI), Stuart Clark (Aus), Michael Clarke (Aus), Michael Hussey (Aus), Mahela Jayawardene (SL), Jacques Kallis (SA), Brett Lee (Aus), Glenn McGrath (Aus), Muttiah Muralitharan (SL), Jacob Oram (NZ), Kevin Pietersen (Eng), Shaun Pollock (SA), Ricky Ponting (Aus), Kumar Sangakkara (SL), Yuvraj Singh (Ind), Mohammad Yousuf (Pak)
Emerging Player of the Year
Winner: Shaun Tait (Aus)
Nominees: Ravi Bopara (Eng), Shakib Al Hasan (Ban), Mitchell Johnson (Aus), Mushfiqur Rahim (Ban), Ross Taylor (NZ), Chris Tremlett (Eng)
Associate Player of the Year
Winner: Thomas Odoyo (Ken)
Nominees: Ashish Bagai (Can), Andre Botha (Ire), John Davison (Can), Trent Johnston (Ire), Dwayne Leverock (Ber), Kyle McCallan (Ire), Tanmay Mishra (Ken), Eoin Morgan (Ire), Asif Mulla (Can), Niall O'Brien (Ire), Peter Ongondo (Ken), Irving Romaine (Ber), Abdool Samad (Can), Ryan ten Doeschate (Nth), Steve Tikolo (Ken), Hiren Varaiya (Ken), Ryan Watson (Sco)
Umpire of the Year
Winner: Simon Taufel (Aus)
Nominees: Mark Benson (Eng), Steve Bucknor (WI), Daryl Harper (Aus)
Captain of the Year
Winner: Ricky Ponting (Aus)
Nominee: Mahela Jayawardene (SL)
Women's Cricketer of the Year
Winner: Jhulan Goswami (Ind)
Nominees: Caitriona Beggs (Ire), Holly Colvin (Eng), Rumeli Dhar (Ind), Maria Fahey (NZ), Ashlyn Kilowan (SA), Johmari Logtenberg (SA), Urooj Mumtaz (Pak), Shelley Nitschke (Aus), Rebecca Rolls (NZ), Sajjida Shah (Pak), Lisa Sthalekar (Aus), Claire Taylor (Eng)
Spirit of Cricket
Sri Lanka
ICC World XI Teams
ICC Test Team of the Year
Ricky Ponting was selected as the captain of the Test Team of the Year. In addition to a wicket-keeper, 9 other players and a 12th man were announced as follows:
Matthew Hayden
Michael Vaughan
Ricky Ponting
Mohammad Yousuf
Kevin Pietersen
Michael Hussey
Kumar Sangakkara (wicket-keeper)
Stuart Clark
Makhaya Ntini
Mohammad Asif
Muttiah Muralitharan
Zaheer Khan (12th man)
ICC ODI Team of the Year
Ricky Ponting was also selected as the captain of the ODI Team of the Year. In addition to a wicket-keeper, 9 other players and a 12th man were announced as follows:
Matthew Hayden
Sachin Tendulkar
Ricky Ponting
Kevin Pietersen
Shivnarine Chanderpaul
Jacques Kallis
Mark Boucher (wicket-keeper)
Chaminda Vaas
Shane Bond
Muttiah Muralitharan
Glenn McGrath
Michael Hussey (12th man)
Short lists
Cricketer of the Year
Shivnarine Chanderpaul
Kevin Pietersen
Ricky Ponting
Mohammad Yousuf
Test Player of the Year
Muttiah Muralitharan
Kevin Pietersen
Ricky Ponting
Mohammad Yousuf
ODI Player of the Year
Matthew Hayden
Jacques Kallis
Glenn McGrath
Ricky Ponting
Emerging Player of the Year
Ravi Bopara
Shakib Al Hasan
Shaun Tait
Ross Taylor
Associate Player of the Year
Ashish Bagai
Ryan ten Doeschate
Thomas Odoyo
Steve Tikolo
Umpire of the Year
Mark Benson
Steve Bucknor
Simon Taufel
Women's Cricketer of the Year
Jhulan Goswami
Lisa Sthalekar
Claire Taylor
Spirit of Cricket
Sri Lanka
See also
International Cricket Council
ICC Awards
Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy (Cricketer of the Year)
ICC Test Player of the Year
ICC ODI Player of the Year
David Shepherd Trophy (Umpire of the Year)
ICC Women's Cricketer of the Year
ICC Test Team of the Year
ICC ODI Team of the Year
References
International Cricket Council awards and rankings
Crick
ICC Awards
HANTRU-1 is a submarine communications cable system that connects the Reagan Test Site in the Kwajalein atoll to Guam. The cable was funded by $100 million from the US Army. Marshall Islands and Federated States of Micronesia arranged to add extensions to this trunk line for total of $30 million. It has cable landing points at:
Guam
Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia
Reagan Test Site, Kwajalein
Ebeye, Kwajalein
Majuro, Marshall Islands
HANTRU-1 is named after owner Hannon Armstrong Capital LLC and operator Truestone LLC. The dedicated Micronesian fiber pair will have an ultimate capacity to transmit 16 10-Gigabit wavelengths. The HANTRU-1 extensions were completed in March 2010. Previously connectivity to these island nations was only available using satellite transmission.
Notes
Submarine communications cables in the Pacific Ocean
Marshall Islands–United States relations
Federated States of Micronesia–United States relations
Conspiracy is a 1973 board game made by Milton Bradley. It can be played by 3 or 4 people, and the main goal is to bring a suitcase to their own headquarters through the use of spies.
About
Conspiracy is a family game that was developed by British game-designer Eric Solomon. It is recommended that the game best be played with 4 players. The game takes approximately 90 minutes to play and is for ages 8 and up. Conspiracy requires three skills in order to win: betting/wagering, bluffing, and memory.
Details
Within the game there are four capitals, four bankbooks, one top secret briefcase, and eight spies that any player can control. The objective to the game is to move the briefcase to your headquarters. Each player has an account of $10,000 and has the opportunity to either secretly pay off or openly move a spy one space on their turn. Each player can also bribe spies in smaller increments of at least $100. Once a spy is moved, another player can challenge that move. If this is to happen, the two players then reveal how much money each has spent on the spy. If the challenger wins, the move is revoked. If the defender wins, the move stays and the challenger loses their or their next turn. Players must cooperate against whichever player is closest to victory. Each player can make secret plans to openly swipe the case or murder a spy and completely turn the tables on a player who is close to winning. This game has no dice and no cards so no luck is involved. Players must work together or the game will end quickly.
Honors
1991 Spiel des Jahres Recommended
Versions
Amigo version (Casablanca) published in 1991 can be played with up to 8 players.
Publishers
The game was published by the following:
AMIGO Spiel + Freizeit GmbH
Clipper
Condor
Gibson Games
References
External links
Board games introduced in 1973
Milton Bradley Company games
Albi (Calabrian: ) is a and town in the province of Catanzaro in the east southeastern portion of the Calabria region of Italy.
External links
Cities and towns in Calabria
Articles which contain graphical timelines
Frequency is an American mystery science fiction drama television series that aired on The CW from October 5, 2016 to January 25, 2017. Inspired by the 2000 film Frequency, the television series was developed by Jeremy Carver. The series was canceled on May 8, 2017; five days later, an epilogue to the series was released.
Premise
In 2016, NYPD Detective Raimy Sullivan discovers that they are able to speak to their deceased father Frank Sullivan in 1996 via their old ham radio. I attempts to save their lives trigger the "butterfly effect", changing the present in unforeseen ways. To fix the damage, they must work with their father across time to solve a decades-old murder case.
Cast and characters
Main
Peyton List as Raimy Elizabeth Sullivan: An NYPD detective who experiences an unusual weather phenomenon that allows them to communicate with their late father through radio transmissions. Born and raised in Queens, Raimy is stationed at the 21st Precinct (the same precinct their father worked out of in 1996) and has been since the start of their career in 2008. They achieved the rank of detective in 2014. After changing the timeline by conversing with their father, Raimy seems to be the only one who notices the changes. Now, they and Frank work across time to solve the Nightingale murders before their mother can become the killer's next victim.
Riley Smith as Francis Joseph "Frank" Sullivan: Raimy's father and an NYPD detective in 1996. They were originally killed while working undercover and posthumously accused of being corrupt, but survived when Raimy changed the timeline by warning them of their impending death. In the new timeline caused by their survival in 1996, Frank saw their daughter grow up and graduate from the police academy, and even served as their training officer in 2008. They die in a car crash in 2011.
Devin Kelley as Julie Elizabeth Sullivan: Raimy's mother and Frank's widow who, once the timeline is changed so that their husband survives, is killed by the Nightingale.
Mekhi Phifer as Detective (1996)/Lieutenant (2016) Satch Reyna: Frank's partner who now runs the 21st Precinct's Detective Squad where Raimy works. They and Stan Moreno were patrol officers in the late 1980s. In the original timeline, Satch's marriage collapsed in the intervening 20 years, and they became estranged from their children.
Anthony Ruivivar as Captain Stan Moreno: The 21st Precinct Commander who, as a narcotics detective in 1996, was responsible for the undercover operation that resulted in Frank's death. In the original timeline, then-Sergeant Moreno, already a legendary narcotics detective, served as Raimy's training officer in 2008. Frank and Raimy believe they are corrupt.
Lenny Jacobson as Gordo: Raimy's childhood friend.
Daniel Bonjour as Daniel Lawrence: Raimy's fiancé in 2016. When Raimy alters the timeline to save their father, they are horrified to discover that they and Daniel have never met and they are dating another woman. Nevertheless, they retain memories of their previous romance. When the timeline is again altered, their engagement is restored by the end of the series.
Recurring
Ada Breker as young Raimy
Sandy Robson as Mike Rainey
Brad Kelly as "Little Jay" Garza
Alexandra Metz as Maya Gowan
Michael Charles Roman as Thomas Goff: A suspect in the Nightingale murders.
David Lipper as Robbie Womack
Melinda Page Hamilton as Marilyn Goff
Britt McKillip as young Meghan
Kenneth Mitchell as Deacon Joe Hurley: A suspect in the Nightingale murders.
Rob Mayes as Detective Kyle Moseby: A fellow NYPD detective who in the changed timeline has a sexual relationship with Raimy.
Episodes
On May 13, 2017, The CW released an epilogue to the series to provide closure after its cancellation.
Broadcast
Netflix acquired the exclusive broadcast rights to Frequency in the United Kingdom, Ireland, India, Canada and Oceania, adding new episodes to its platform less than a day after their original U.S. broadcast.
Reception
Critical response
Frequency has received generally positive reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the series a score of 75% based on 24 reviews. The consensus says, "Frequency confusing timeline and somewhat familiar dramatic framework are offset by solid acting and an intriguingly loaded premise." On Metacritic, the show has a weighted average of 64/100 based on 21 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Ratings
See also
Signal, South Korea / TVN, 2016
Ditto (2000 film)
References
External links
2016 American television series debuts
2017 American television series endings
The CW original programming
2010s American drama television series
2010s American mystery television series
2010s American science fiction television series
Fictional portrayals of the New York City Police Department
Live action television shows based on films
Television series by Warner Bros. Television Studios
Television shows filmed in Vancouver
Television series set in 1996
Television series set in 2016
Television shows set in New York City
2010s American time travel television series
Dilane Roese (born 15 September 1977) is a Brazilian former handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Novo Hamburgo
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Sul
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
William Francis Moran (born 1958) is a United States Navy admiral who served as the 39th Vice Chief of Naval Operations from May 31, 2016, to June 10, 2019. They previously served as the Chief of Naval Personnel and Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Manpower, Personnel, Training and Education (N1) from August 2, 2013, to May 27, 2016.
In April 2019, Moran was nominated to the post of Chief of Naval Operations, and was confirmed to the position by the U.S. Senate in May 2019. However, in early July 2019—before they could assume the position on August 1, 2019—he declined the CNO post and retired from the Navy, citing an inspector general investigation into the use of their personal email account for Navy business and "or continuing to maintain a professional relationship with a former staff officer, now retired, who had while in uniform been investigated and held accountable over allegations of inappropriate behavior."
Early life and education
William Francis Moran was born and raised in New York. They graduated from Valley Central High School in 1977, and received a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Naval Academy in 1981 and a master's degree from the National War College in 2006.
Naval career
A P-3 Orion pilot with operational tours spanning both coasts, Moran commanded Patrol Squadron 46 and Patrol and Reconnaissance Wing 2, and served extensively as an instructor pilot in multiple operational tours and in two tours with Patrol Squadron 30. The additional operational tour included staff members for the commander of Carrier Group 6 aboard .
Ashore, Moran served as assistant Washington placement officer and assistant flag officer detailer in the Bureau of Naval Personnel; executive assistant to Commander, U.S. Pacific Command; deputy director, Navy staff; and executive assistant to the Chief of Naval Operations. As a flag officer, they served as commander, Patrol and Reconnaissance Group and director, Air Warfare (N98) on the staff of the chief of naval operations.
Moran assumed duties as the Navy's 57th Chief of Naval Personnel on August 2, 2013. Serving concurrently as the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, they were responsible for the planning and programming of all manpower, personnel, training and education resources for the United States Navy. They managed an annual operating budget of $29 billion and led more than 26,000 employees engaged in the recruiting, personnel management, training and development of Navy personnel. Their responsibilities included overseeing Navy Recruiting Command, Navy Personnel Command, and Naval Education and Training Command.
Moran was the 39th Vice Chief of Naval Operations from May 31, 2016, to June 10, 2019.
Appointment as Chief of Naval Operations and retirement
On April 11, 2019, Moran was nominated for appointment as Chief of Naval Operations. They were confirmed for the position by the U.S. Senate on May 23, 2019. They were due to assume the position on August 1, 2019. However, on July 8, 2019, they announced that they would instead decline the post and retire based on "an open investigation into the nature of some of my personal email correspondence over the past couple of years and for continuing to maintain a professional relationship with a former staff officer, now retired, who had while in uniform been investigated and held accountable over allegations of inappropriate behavior." The Outgoing Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral John Richardson, praised Moran's 38 years of Navy service, calling them "a close friend and colleague" and "superb Naval Officer and leader."
The Department of Defense Office of Inspector General (OIG) issued a report on the outcome of its investigation in August 2019. The OIG determined that Moran's use of a personal email account to send official military communications violated Department of Defense policies. OIG also found that Moran frequently communicated using the personal email account with a Navy commander who had been removed from the CNO's staff in 2017 for "inappropriate behavior towards junior female officers and a female civilian employee." OIG found that this Moran's continued relationship with the Navy commander did not violate any Navy policy and was a "performance issue" rather than misconduct. In their response to the OIG's conclusions, Moran acknowledged using their personal email account for military business, but stressed that they had never used the account to exchange classified information. With respect to their communications with the former Navy commander, Moran said that they regretted that some viewed "my continuing professional relationship with this Navy commander as insensitive, inappropriate, or wrong" and said that they believed in "a balance between accountability and redemption."
Awards and decorations
References
1958 births
Living people
United States Naval Academy alumni
Military personnel from New York (state)
United States Naval Aviators
National War College alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Navy admirals
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Vice Chiefs of Naval Operations
Three cutters of the United States Coast Guard have been named Willow
, a side paddle steamer originally built for service on the Mississippi River by the United States Lighthouse Service
USCGC Willow (WAGL/WLB-332), a former United States Army mine planter
, a Juniper-class seagoing buoy tender
United States Coast Guard ship names
The Stikine River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia. The park covers a total area of approximately 217,000 hectares. The main feature of the Stikine River Provincial Park is a portion of the Stikine River known as "The Grand Canyon". This portion of the river is approximately eighty kilometers long and runs through a canyon that has been created from the river cutting through the rock that now forms the walls of the "canyon".
See also
Spatsizi Plateau Wilderness Provincial Park
References
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Stikine Country
Protected areas established in 1987
1987 establishments in British Columbia
San Dimas is an under-construction light rail station in the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system. The station is located on San Dimas Avenue near its intersection with Bonita Avenue along the Pasadena Subdivision right of way in San Dimas, California. It will be served by the A Line. It is currently under construction as part of the Gold Line Foothill Extension and is slated to open in 2025.
The former Santa Fe San Dimas depot is located about to the northeast and houses the Pacific Railroad Museum. A city-owned 300 space park and ride facility is located adjacent to the facility at 205 S San Dimas Avenue.
Bus connections
Foothill Transit: 492, 499 to Los Angeles Union Station
References
External links
San Dimas station – Metro Gold Line Foothill Extension Construction Authority
Future Los Angeles Metro Rail stations
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2025
San Dimas, California
Kristijan Stanić (born 20 April 2001) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as winger for First League of FBiH club GOŠK Gabela, on loan from Zrinjski Mostar and both the Bosnia and Herzegovina U19 and Bosnia and Herzegovina U21 national teams.
Club career
Stanić was loaned to Croatian second tier side Solin in summer 2020 and to GOŠK Gabela in October 2020.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Zrinjski Mostar
Bosnian Premier League: 2017–18
References
External links
Kristijan Stanić at whoscored.com
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mostar
Association football wingers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina youth international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 international footballers
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar players
NK Solin players
NK GOŠK Gabela players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
First Football League (Croatia) players
First League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Row Data Gateway is a design pattern in which an object acts as a gateway to a single database row.
References
Software design patterns
An idiochord (, also known as a drum zither) is a musical instrument in which the "string" of the instrument is made from the same material as its resonating body. Such instruments may be found in the Indian Ocean region, disparate regions of Africa and its diaspora, and parts of Europe and North America.
Bamboo is often a popular material for idiochords: a tube of bamboo may be slit to loosen portions of the husk at the middle, leaving them attached at the ends, and these "strings" may be raised up by inserting sticks to serve as bridges. Such bamboo idiochords include the valiha of Madagascar, the kulibit in the Philippines and Indonesia, and the karaniing of the Mon-Khmer "Orang Asli" tribal peoples of Malaysia. A massive one-string bamboo idiochord, the benta, is native to Jamaica and played with a slide, much like a diddly-bow.
Idiochords are also made from other materials; cornstalk was used in North America to make the cornstalk fiddle, and the same instrument was played in the Carpathians, and in Serbia as the gingara or djefje guslice. In Eastern New Guinea, one-string idiochords are made from the rib of the sago palm. The Warao people of Venezuela and Guyana create a monochord idiochord by raising up a fiber from an eta leaf.
Various idiochords are found in mainland Africa, including the akadingidi of Uganda, and the one-string mpeli of the Mpyeme people of Congo and the Central African Republic.
See also
tube zither
References
Zithers
String instruments
The yellow-billed nuthatch (Sitta solangiae) is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It is found in Hainan, Laos, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
yellow-billed nuthatch
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
yellow-billed nuthatch
yellow-billed nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Andrew "Drew" Lasker (born November 20, 1982) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Newcastle Eagles in the British Basketball League (BBL).
Born in Katy, Texas, they attended Point Loma Nazarene University from 2002 to 2004. They began their basketball career in 2004 with the touring Athletes in Action team, an evangelical Christian sports ministry. In 2005, Lasker turned professional by signing for leading British team Plymouth Raiders and has since played for Newcastle Eagles. Known most notably for playing for the Guildford Heat, which Lasker states is their favourite club of all time.
At the start of the 2020–21 season, they launched and co-hosted 'The BBL Show', with former teammate and Plymouth Raiders Head Coach Jay Marriott, the official podcast of the British Basketball League.
References
1982 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in the United Kingdom
American men's basketball players
Basketball players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Basketball players from Texas
Surrey Scorchers players
Newcastle Eagles players
People from Katy, Texas
Plymouth Raiders players
Point Loma Nazarene Sea Lions men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Harris County, Texas
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Till Sebastian Schumacher (born 10 December 1997) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for Austrian Bundesliga side Austria Klagenfurt.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
German footballers
Germany youth international footballers
German expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Regionalliga players
Czech First League players
Czech National Football League players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
Borussia Dortmund players
Borussia Dortmund II players
FC Vysočina Jihlava players
Bohemians 1905 players
SK Austria Klagenfurt players
German expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Footballers from Essen
John Alfred Moretz House is a historic home located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1917, and is a two-story, brick dwelling patterned after a Cotswold (or English) Cottage. It features rough stone entrance arches.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1917
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
1917 establishments in North Carolina
Mell (stylized as MELL) is a female Japanese singer from Sapporo, Japan, who is signed to Geneon Universal Entertainment.  They are a former member of the Sapporo-based I've Sound, and one of its main vocalists. Mell has contributed vocals to several anime soundtracks including Black Lagoon, Hayate the Combat Butler, Rideback, Shakugan no Shana, and Sky Girls.
After battling an unknown illness over a prolonged period, Mell left I've Sound after the release of their compilation album Entrust: The Name of Mell on March 20, 2013.
Discography
Albums
Singles
DVDs
Mell First Live Tour 2008 Scope DVD
Released on April 29, 2009
Under Superstition
Way beyond there
Kill
No vain
On my own
Permit
Proof
Kicks!
Scope
Red fraction
The first finale in me
Egen
Virgin's high!
Song list
I've solo works
(February 5, 1999)
"Fall in Love" (September 24, 1999)
(October 16, 1999)
"Repeat" (October 16, 1999)
"Fly to the Top" (July 16, 2000)
(December 8, 2000)
(December 22, 2000)
(January 26, 2001)
-comment te dire adieu- (March 2, 2001)
"World My Eyes -prototype-" (December 28, 2002)
(December 28, 2002)
"Last in Blue" (February 28, 2003)
"Spiral" (June 27, 2003)
"Out Flow" (September 5, 2003)
"Our Youthful Days" (October 31, 2003)
"Permit" (December 17, 2004)
"Permit" -Unplugged mix- (December 17, 2004)
"Permit" -- (December 17, 2004)
"Permit" -- Unplugged Mix (December 17, 2004)
(Mixed up ver.) (December 29, 2004)
"Egen" (January 14, 2005)
"Two face (Front Line Covers ver.)" (December 28, 2008)
"Disintegration (Front Line Covers ver.)" (December 28, 2008)
(March 25, 2009)
"Bizarrerie Cage" (May 1, 2009)
"Noblest Love" (February 26, 2010)
Mell and Miki
(July 14, 2000)
Kotoko and Mell
"See You" (June 14, 2006)
I've Special Unit
"See You" (P.V ver.) (September 5, 2003)
"Fair Heaven" (July 30, 2005)
; performed as Love Planet Five (April 4, 2007)
Solo
"Dear memories"
"The Winner Takes It All"
"Hello Goodbye" (Silent Half)
"Mermaid"
"Split" (...Split)
"Video-Killed-The-Radio-Star"
"Strange Woman"
"Noyau"
"Mermaid in the City"
"Fin"
"Where Are You Now?"
Orihime
"Love Generation"
Aki & Kotoko & Mell & Naraku & Yokko-Q
C.G Mix featuring Mell
"Detect"
References
External links
Anime musicians
I've Sound members
Japanese women singers
Musicians from Sapporo
NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan artists
Hayate the Combat Butler
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Petros Kanakoudis (; born 16 April 1984) is a Greek footballer who plays as a left back and sometimes as right back.
Career
After 14 years playing in Greece for PAOK, ILTEX Lykoi, Asteras Tripolis, PAS Giannina, Iraklis, Doxa Drama, Veria, Apollon Smyrnis, Kerkyra and Platanias., Kanakoudis signed a year contract with FC Inter Turku, playing abroad for the first time in their career.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Asteras Tripolis
Beta Ethniki: 2006–07
Iraklis
Macedonia FCA Fourth Division: 2019–20
References
External links
Guardian Football
Onsports.gr profile
1984 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greek expatriate footballers
PAOK FC players
Veria F.C. players
Asteras Tripolis F.C. players
PAS Giannina F.C. players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
FC Inter Turku players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Super League Greece players
Veikkausliiga players
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Association football defenders
Footballers from Thessaloniki
Gerfried Hodschar (born 24 March 1945) is an Austrian footballer. They played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1967 to 1968.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Senator Lawson may refer to:
Al Lawson (born 1948), Florida State Senate
Connie Lawson (born 1949), Indiana State Senate
David G. Lawson (born 1946), Delaware State Senate
Iver Lawson (publisher) (1821–1871), Illinois State Senate
John W. Lawson (1837–1905), Virginia State Senate
Robert R. Lawson (1872–1934), New York State Senate
See also
Senator Larson (disambiguation)
Franz Wilhelm Ferling (20 September 1796 – 8 December 1874) was a German oboist, composer, and clarinetist. An accomplished musician, they are chiefly remembered today for their 48 études for oboe, op. 31, which are commonly studied by oboists and saxophonists.
Life
Ferling was born in Halberstadt on 20 September 1796. At the age of 18, Ferling began serving as a court musician for the Duke of Brunswick, a position which they would hold for most of their life. From 1814 to 1816, they were a military musician, playing the clarinet. Afterwards, they received a job as the principal oboist of the Brunswick court orchestra, a post which they held for 44 years. There, Ferling played a wide variety of styles of music, including bel canto, Romantic music, and sacred music.
On 1 November 1858 Ferling filed a petition for pension during their forthcoming retirement, citing persistent rheumatism and impairments in the functioning of their lungs:
Ferling was granted pension on full salary, which came into effect on 1 January 1859. The only condition of this arrangement was that Ferling would play occasionally if required. Ferling died in Brunswick on 18 December 1874. Ferling had two sons; Gustav (b. 1835), a pianist and oboist, and Robert (1843-1881), who worked at the Staatstheater Stuttgart and was a court musician to Alexander II of Russia.
Work
Ferling is remembered today for their collection of 48 Exercises for Oboe, Op. 31, which are commonly studied by oboists and saxophonists. Published in 1840, there is a complete draft of the studies that dates from 1835, currently housed in the British Library. The 48 studies consist of two études in each key—one slow and the other fast. The études are written in a variety of musical styles: there are five bel canto exercises, six romances, two offertories, four toccatas in the style of Niccolò Paganini, three slow movements, seven marches, twelve waltzes, four polkas, two polonaises, and three czardases. After the études were published, Cyrille Rose, a French clarinetist, adapted 32 of Ferling's etudes for the clarinet, often transposing the music or changing the meter, articulation, or dynamics. In addition, Rose occasionally omitted some of Ferling's phrases or composed new ones.
After the first edition was published in 1840, oboist Louis Bleuzet republished the études in the early 20th century. Later, Southern Music, under the direction of Albert Andraud, edited and republished Bleuzet's version in an edition that was marketed for "oboe or saxophone". Marcel Mule also incorporated Ferling's exercises into their own teaching, publishing a version later, although it is unknown whether Mule or Andraud first suggested the studies's use for the saxophone. Meanwhile, oboists continued to study the exercises, with John de Lancie teaching Ferling as one of four étude books (the others being the works of Apollon Barret, Henri Brod, and Georges Gillet. In a conversation with de Lancie, oboist and editor Martin Schuring discussed whether or not the études originally had bass lines, leading Schuring to investigate into the earlier editions of the exercises. While finding that the études never had bass lines, Schuring noticed discrepancies between the original and modern editions. Because of this, they set out to publish an edition that was closer to the original, a project which Alfred Music distributed.
In addition to publishing several other exercises for oboe, Ferling wrote a double concerto for two oboes, which was discovered in a library in the Strahov district of Prague. The work was premiered in 2001 at the annual International Double Reed Society conference. In addition, Ferling composed a clarinet concerto, but it is a lost work, as only fragments remain.
Selected compositions
The selected compositions of Ferling are:
Concertino for Oboe and Orchestra, Op. 5 (1820s)
Divertissement for Oboe quintet, Op. 6 (n.d.)
Concerto for Oboe and Orchestra, Op. 8 (1832)
18 Exercises for Oboe, Op. 12 (n.d.)
3 Duos Concertantes for 2 Oboes, Op. 13 (n.d.)
3 Double concertos for 2 Oboes (n.d.)
Das Jubiläum, pantomime ballet (1839)
48 Exercises for Oboe, Op. 31 (1840)
References
1796 births
1874 deaths
19th-century classical composers
German classical composers
German classical oboists
Male oboists
German male classical composers
German military musicians
Musicians from Braunschweig
People from Halberstadt
19th-century German composers
19th-century German male musicians
Gandurar (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kilersky Selsoviet, Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 39 as of 2010.
Geography
Gandurar is located 6 km southwest of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kiler and Esetar are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
James Brown Willis Reid (1 May 1913 – 3 September 1983) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s.
Reid played predominantly on the wings where they were noted for their speedy bursts and drop kicks but was also used at half forward. They made an impact at South Melbourne despite playing just two seasons, finishing equal ninth at the 1935 Brownlow Medal which made them the best placed South Melbourne player. Reid was a wingman in both the 1935 and 1936 VFL Grand Finals.
They started at Claremont in 1937 and was a member of their premiership team that year as well as the next. In 1939 they won Claremont's 'Best and Fairest' award but missed out on a spot in their third successive Grand Final through injury. Reid, who represented Western Australia at the 1937 Perth Carnival, also won a 'Best and Fairest' in 1940.
References
External links
1913 births
1983 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Sydney Swans players
Claremont Football Club players
The 1953 Southern League was the second season of the regional third tier of speedway racing in the United Kingdom for Southern British teams. It was the final season before being replaced by the Southern Area League. From the previous season, Aldershot Shots dropped out, Wolverhampton Wasps moved up and Oxford Cheetahs came down to replace them.
Summary
Rayleigh Rockets were champions for a second consecutive season whilst Cardiff Dragons withdrew mid-season. Goog Hoskin of Exeter topped the averages.
Final table
Withdrawal (Record expunged) : Cardiff Dragons
Leading Averages
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
Knockout Cup (speedway)
References
Speedway Southern League
1953 in British motorsport
1953 in speedway
"Flores" is the ninth single by Titãs. It was released in 1989 on WEA. A completely reworked acoustic version of the song was later featured on their Acústico MTV live album, with Branco Mello sharing vocals with Marisa Monte. The chorus riff (used in the opening of the Acústico MTV version) was composed by drummer Charles Gavin, one of the song's co-writers.
Music video
The music video of "Flores" won the 1990 MTV Video Music Brasil award. It shows the band performing the song among flowers and shadows that float around the members.
Track listing
References
1989 singles
Titãs songs
Warner Music Group singles
1989 songs
Songs written by Sérgio Britto
Songs written by Paulo Miklos
Songs written by Tony Bellotto
Vítor Hugo Brito Gazimba (born 1 October 1987) is a Portuguese football manager.
Moving to Norway after studying sports science, they were an assistant and academy manager in Strømsgodset for five seasons, and manager of Kongsvinger for one season. They became assistant manager of Örebro in 2020 and manager in 2021. After only four months as manager of the Allsvenskan club, they were sacked in October 2021. In June 2022 they were hired as assistant to Jens Gustafsson in Pogoń Szczecin.
References
1987 births
Living people
Portuguese football managers
Strømsgodset Toppfotball non-playing staff
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball managers
Örebro SK managers
Allsvenskan managers
Portuguese expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Norway
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate football managers in Sweden
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate football managers in Poland
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Tyndall Park is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 2008 from parts of Inkster, Wellington, and St. James electoral districts. The riding's population, according to the 2006 census, was 20,950. Following the 2018 Manitoba electoral redistribution, Tyndall Park is bordered to the east by Burrows, to the south by Notre Dame, to the north by The Maples, and to the west by the rural riding of Lakeside.
The riding contains the northwest Winnipeg neighbourhoods of Brooklands, Weston, and namesake Tyndall Park.
List of provincial representatives
Electoral results
References
Manitoba provincial electoral districts
Politics of Winnipeg
Kosŏng County () is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea. It lies in the southeasternmost corner of North Korea, immediately north of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. Prior to the end of the Korean War in 1953, it made up a single county, together with what is now the South Korean county of the same name. In a subsequent reorganization, the county absorbed the southern portion of Tongch'ŏn county.
Physical features
Kosŏng is largely mountainous, but there is flat land along the coast of the Sea of Japan to the county's east. The mountains here are part of the Taebaek range. A portion of Kŭmgangsan mountain is included in the county.
Climate
Administrative divisions
Kosŏng county is divided into 1 ŭp (town) and 23 ri (villages):
Economy
The local economy is dominated by agriculture, although fishing also plays a role, together with the harvesting of brown seaweed and clams. Significant local crops include rice, maize, soybeans, wheat, and barley. It is particularly well known as a source for bamboo handicrafts.
Transport
Rail
Nearly half the length of the Kŭmgangsan Ch'ŏngnyŏn line of the Korean State Railway is in Kosŏng county. It is operational as far south as Kŭmgangsan Ch'ŏngnyŏn station. From there. the line continues south to Samilp'o and Kamho stations (both in North Korea, but not in regular use), thence across the DMZ to connect to Korail's Tonghae Pukpu line at Jejin.
The section between Kŭmgangsan Ch'ŏngnyŏn and Jejin stations was out of service from the partition of Korea until 2007, when it was reopened for passenger trains from the South to the Mount Kŭmgang Tourist Region; it was closed again after the shooting of a South Korean tourist by a KPA soldier.
Sea
The nearest major port is Wŏnsan.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
Kumgangsan
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
Port cities and towns in North Korea
E. G. Sewell Park is a riverfront park located close to the 17th Street Bridge over the Miami River, in Miami, Florida, United States. It is named for former Miami mayor E. G. Sewell.
Gallery
References
Parks in Miami
Parks in Miami-Dade County, Florida
Before Mars is a 2018 science fiction novel by British writer Emma Newman. It was first published in the United States as a paperback original in April 2018 by Ace Books, and in the United Kingdom by Gollancz. An audio edition of the book was published in April 2018 in the United States by Tantor Audio, and in the United Kingdom by Orion Publishing.
Before Mars is the third book in Newman's four-book Planetfall series, and takes place on Mars during the same period as the events on Earth in the previous book, After Atlas. Before Mars concerns Dr. Anna Kubrin, a geologist and artist, who has been sent to the planet to paint Martian landscapes. The novel was a finalist for the 2018 BSFA Award for Best Novel.
Plot summary
Background
In an interview with Space.com, Newman said they wanted Before Mars to be a "psychological thriller". They wanted to address the subject of memory, how people process it, and how it affects their perceptions of reality and mental illness. Newman said they also wanted to investigate how people in the future would react to being able to record and playback in memory everything they see, hear and feel via a "cam lens" and neural implants. They asked, "does that affect how much you process reality [and how] you process memory?"
In an interview with Syfy Wire, Newman described the groundwork they had done for the book: "I did a lot of research on Mars itself, on traveling to it, and on geology and the survival challenges posed by living on [the planet]". They added that because the story takes place some 80 years into the future, "I had a little leeway in terms of the spacecraft technology." On the subject of gov-corps that feature in their Planetfall books, Newman said they envisage a future where huge corporations control governments and monitor their citizens via neural implants. They added that the prospect of gov-corps becoming a reality is not quite so far-fetched. "This is the future I foresee if we continue as we are, with no change in political structures and no change in the ideologies of the most powerful political factions."
Reception
Writing at Den of Geek, Megan Crouse called Before Mars "a thrilling science fiction mystery, a societal critique, and a character study". They said Newman treats Anna with "careful attention". Them flashbacks "work well" in revealing just enough to create suspense, and the story's first-person point-of-view fills it with "claustrophobia and anxiety". Anna's difficult marriage is sensitively handled, and reminded Crouse of the marriage of convenience in Sheri Tepper's 1989 science fiction novel, Grass. Newman's other characters are all seen through Anna's limited perspective, and while none are "poorly drawn", they are not as well developed as the protagonist. Crouse concluded that while Before Mars "works on many levels", they felt that not all the issues raised are full addressed and the "ending slumps".
In a review in Locus magazine, Adrienne Martini wrote that in Before Mars Newman builds on their Planetfall universe with its corporation-controlled governments and their citizen-monitoring via implanted chips. They remarked that Newman's narrative can be unsettling, leaving the reader "a little removed from the action", which gives the impression that their characters are wrapped in "a thin layer of gauze". Yet, Martini added, "it still works somehow". What they did feel "doesn't work as well" are the reams of backstory, which tend to "bog the story down". They said some of Anna's musings "read like therapy sessions". But overall, Martini concluded that "there's more enjoyable and intriguing moments in Before Mars than not".
Liz Bourke described Before Mars as "a tight and claustrophobic psychological thriller of a novel". In a review of the book at Tor.com they wrote that as in the two previous Planetfall novels, the protagonist is an outsider who does not fit in and feels alienated. Anna feels "trapped by society", "trapped in their marriage" and "trapped ... on Mars", leaving their "isolated either by madness or conspiracy". Bourke felt that readers of After Atlas may not experience the full tension of the novel as the timelines of Before Mars and its predecessor coincide and key outcomes have already been revealed. Bourke added that despite its "compelling prose" and interesting puzzles, Before Mars "didn't really speak to me". They said they found themselves "lacking in a real sense of emotional investment, either in Anna as a character or in the novel's outcome".
In a review of the book in the Los Angeles Times, Swapna Krishna described the ending as "stunning", although "a bit abrupt". But they added that the novel "is [more] about the journey rather than the destination", and it is "an excellent ... page-turn[er]". Krishna called Anna "a well-rounded character" who is open about their fears and failures. A reviewer in the Financial Times called Before Mars "a slow-burn psychological thriller" that has a "dark twist" at the end reminiscent of Paula Hawkins's 2015 novel, The Girl on the Train. Jeremy Brett wrote in Foundation: The International Review of Science Fiction that Anna's "self-doubt and increasing paranoia" adds "a layer of emotional complexity" to Before Mars that lifts it above many other similar science fiction stories. They praised the "flair and accuracy" with which Newman describes human behavior, and said their Planetfall series shows how "the most treacherous place in the known universe is the human heart and its capacity for doing wrong."
References
Works cited
External links
Before Mars at Penguin Random House
Before Mars at Gollancz
Before Mars at Fantastic Fiction
2018 American novels
2018 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Novels set on Mars
Novels set in the future
Ace Books books
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
The 1982–83 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the fourth World Cup season in ski jumping. It began in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy on 18 December 1982 and finished in Planica, Yugoslavia on 27 March 1983. The individual World Cup was won by Matti Nykänen and Nations Cup by Norway.
Map of world cup hosts
All 17 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season.
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
Bohemia Tournament
KOP International Ski Flying Week
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
In mathematics, the term profinite is used for
profinite groups, topological groups
profinite sets, also known as "profinite spaces" or "Stone spaces"
Nicolás Gómez may refer to:
Nicolás Gómez (footballer, born June 1992), Uruguayan defender
Nicolás Gómez (footballer, born December 1992), Argentine midfielder
Nicolás Gómez (footballer, born 1996), Argentine midfielder
"Hold On to Love" is a 1975 single by British singer-songwriter Peter Skellern. It reached number 14 in the UK Singles Chart on 29 March 1975, becoming Skellern's second and final top 20 hit, following their debut single "You're a Lady", which made number 3 in 1972. Skellern described the song as a personal love song like their previous hit, but the song possesses more of a rock backing. The song has been praised by the British musician and journalist Bob Stanley, who highlighted its "spacious, squelchy production" and described it as "maybe my favourite single of 1975". The single's B-side was "Too Much, I'm In Love", which received considerable radio play in the years to follow.
References
1975 songs
1975 singles
Peter Skellern songs
Decca Records singles
Estádio Municipal José Maria de Campos Maia, known as Campos Maia, is a multi-use stadium in Mirassol, São Paulo, Brazil. It is used mostly for football matches, and has a maximum capacity of 15,000 people.
Inaugurated on 3 March 1983 in a match between Mirassol and , the stadium was named after José Maria de Campos Maia, a famous business person and mayor of the city (1951; 1956–1959), who kindly donated the ground for the construction of the stadium as a gift to the people of Mirassol.
References
Football venues in São Paulo (state)
Mirassol Futebol Clube
Sports venues in São Paulo (state)
"(The Closest Thing To) Perfect" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Jermaine Jackson. It was released as a single to the soundtrack from the 1985 film, Perfect. A music video was filmed featuring Jamie Lee Curtis as an aerobics instructor and John Travolta.
Charts
References
External links
Genius: (The Closest Thing To) Perfect - Lyrics
1985 singles
Jermaine Jackson songs
1985 songs
Songs written by Bruce Sudano
Songs written by Michael Omartian
Songs written by Jermaine Jackson
Arista Records singles
Song recordings produced by Michael Omartian
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1973 season.
Overview
It was contested by 12 teams, and VEF won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Measurement and Evaluation in Counseling and Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Psychology. The journal's editor is Bradley Erford (Vanderbilt University). It has been in publication since 2009 and is currently published by Taylor and Francis is association with Association for Assessment and Research in Counseling, a member association of the American Counseling Association.
Abstracting and indexing
Measurement and Evaluation in Counseling and Development is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2018 impact factor is 1.089, ranking it 62 out of 82 journals in the category ‘Psychology, Applied'. and 49 out of 59 journals in the category ‘Psychology, Educational'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Devappa Anna Shetti (known as Raju Shetti) () is an Indian Politician and former Member of Parliament of India from Hatkanangle constituency in the 16th Lok Sabha.  They are the president of the Swabhimani Paksha, the political party which they founded in 2004, after separating from the Shetkari Sanghatana. They also founded Swabhimani Shetkari Saghtana.
Personal life
Raju Shetti was born in Shirol, a tehsil in Kolhapur district of Maharashtra to a Digambar Jain family, on 1 June 1967.  They are the son of Anna Shetti and Ratna Bai Shetti. They did their SSC,10th Pass Bagani Highschool Bagani, Dist- Sangli In Year 1983-84, Kolhapur.  They are married to Sangeeta Shetti and has a son.
Career
Raju Shetti was associated with Sharad Joshi's Shetkari Sanghatana (Farmer's Organization), but due to some disputes with the latter, the former formed new organization named, Swabhimani Shetkari Saghtana. In year 2001, they fought an election for Zilla Parishad from Udgaon constituency and won. Shetti was elected to Maharashtra Legislative Assembly from Shirol in 2004 as an Independent.Later, they formed Swabhimani Paksha. In 2009 Indian general election, they fought from Hatkanangle as a Swabhimani Paksha candidate, and defeated sitting MP Nivedita Sambhajirao Mane, hence was elected to Lok Sabha, lower house of Indian Parliament.
Their party, Swabhimani Paksha, formed an alliance with Bharatiya Janata Party and joined NDA in 2014. They re-contested their constituency, Hatkanangle, in 2014 and was reelected to the Parliament defeating Kallappa Awade.
 They are currently the editor of fortnightly, Swabhimani Vichar and has authored their autobiography, Shivar te Sansad.
Award
On 22 Dec 2011, they were presented with the Lokmat Maharashtrian of Year 2011 awards in Mumbai by President Pratibha Patil.
Positions held
2001: Elected as member of Zilla Parishad, Kolhapur district
2004: Elected as member of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly
2009 : Elected to 15th Lok Sabha(1st term)
2014 : Elected to 16th Lok Sabha(2nd term)
References
External links
Living people
Indian National Congress politicians
India MPs 2009–2014
Marathi politicians
Lok Sabha members from Maharashtra
1967 births
India MPs 2014–2019
Swabhimani Paksha politicians
Maharashtra municipal councillors
People from Kolhapur
Farmers' rights activists
Imma synconista is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1918. It is found in Kanara, India.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. The forewings are fuscous, irregularly sprinkled with dark fuscous and with a streak of whitish-ochreous suffusion above the basal third of the dorsum. The first discal stigma is obscurely dark fuscous, and there is a very irregular obscure pale greyish-ochreous streak from before the middle of the costa to the tornus. The angles of the cell form hidden small spots of dark fuscous suffusion on the posterior edge of this, and there is some whitish-ochreous irrigation (sprinkles) towards the termen and a terminal series of small triangular cloudy dark fuscous spots separated with whitish ochreous. The hindwings are pale fuscous, with a broad, darker fuscous terminal band.
References
Moths described in 1918
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Yuri Vladimirovich Dobryshkin (; born 19 July 1979 in Penza, Soviet Union) is a Russian former professional ice hockey player. They played in the Russian Superleague and the Kontinental Hockey League for Krylia Sovetov, AK Bars Kazan, Severstal Cherepovets, Metallurg Magnitogorsk, HC CSKA Moscow, Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod, Atlant Moscow Oblast and HC Dynamo Moscow. They were selected by Atlanta Thrashers in the 6th round (159th overall) of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Russian ice hockey right wingers
HC Dynamo Moscow players
Atlanta Thrashers draft picks
Krylya Sovetov Moscow players
Ak Bars Kazan players
Severstal Cherepovets players
Metallurg Magnitogorsk players
HC CSKA Moscow players
Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod players
Atlant Moscow Oblast players
HC MVD players
Dizel Penza players
Imma quadrivittana is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1863. It is found in Brazil.
Adults are dark blackish purple, the wings elongate, with a cinereous fringe. The forewings are rectangular at the tips, with some ochraceous streaks near the base and with a submarginal band of ochraceous streaks. There is an ochraceous spot on the middle of the costa, and a larger hindward forked ochraceous spot in the middle of the disk. The costa is straight and the exterior border is oblique hindward. The hindwings are blackish brown, with a small yellow spot in the middle of the disk.
References
Moths described in 1863
Immidae
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Francis Walker (entomologist)
Rangan may refer to:
Rangan, Razavi Khorasan, a village in Razavi Khorasan Province
Venkat Rangan, Indian computer scientist
Gumbok Rangan, a mountain of India
Rangan Chakraborty (b. 1957), Indian filmmaker
Scott Allen Bolton (born January 4, 1965) is a former wide receiver in the National Football League.
Biography
Bolton was born Scott Allen Bolton on January 4, 1965 in Mobile, Alabama.
Career
Bolton was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the twelfth round of the 1988 NFL Draft and played that season with the team. They played at the collegiate level at Auburn University.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mobile, Alabama
Green Bay Packers players
American football wide receivers
Auburn Tigers football players
Players of American football from Alabama
The Mactaquac Dam is an embankment dam used to generate hydroelectricity in Mactaquac, New Brunswick. It dams the waters of the Saint John River and is operated by NB Power with a capacity to generate 670 megawatts of electricity from 6 turbines; this represents 20 percent of New Brunswick's power demand.
Location
Formally called the Mactaquac Generating Station, the dam and power house are located approximately upstream from the city of Fredericton. The dam is an embankment dam consisting of a rock-fill structure sealed by clay. It combines with two concrete spill-ways to form an arch across a narrow section of the river between the communities of Kingsclear on the west bank, and Keswick Ridge on the east bank.
Construction
Rising 40 metres in height above the river level, the reservoir (referred to locally as the "head pond" or Lake Mactaquac) covers 87 square kilometres and extends 96 kilometres upstream, near Woodstock. The dam and powerhouse are a "run of the river" design, meaning that the reservoir has no additional holding capacity in the event of unusually high water flows, such as during the spring freshet.
Kingsclear, NB is the site of an Atlantic Salmon fish hatchery, located immediately downstream from the dam. The Mactaquac Dam also has a fishway to catch salmon and transport them upriver.
The dam also serves as a locally important public road bridge across the Saint John River, linking provincial highways 102 and 105 on the south and north sides of the river.
Flooding of the Mactaquac Headpond
Electrical generation began in 1968 after the reservoir, Mactaquac Lake, had completely filled. The flooding of the valley resulted in the displacement of several thousand residents and landowners in areas such as Bear Island and other small communities, as well as the abandonment of a Canadian National Railway line and numerous local roads and small rural communities. A historic waterfall called the Pokiok Falls was also submerged as the reservoir filled.
Some new infrastructure was also built as part of the planned flooding of the Saint John River valley. The provincial government built Highway 2 (the Trans Canada Highway) along the southwestern shoreline of the flooded valley. Since 2002, this road has been bypassed and is now designated Highway 102. The Hawkshaw Bridge, a cable-stayed suspension bridge, was constructed across the valley from Hawkshaw to Southampton. At the time of construction in 1967, the bridge was high above the valley floor and the original river level. The planned town of Nackawic, New Brunswick and the nearby St. Anne Nackawic pulp and paper mill were also built to accommodate the new reservoir and the new electrical power opportunities. Closer to the dam, the Mactaquac Provincial Park, including a marina and beach was also built.
Following the success of preserving historic buildings at Upper Canada Village when the upper St. Lawrence River valley was flooded by the Long Sault Dam, the government of New Brunswick created the King's Landing Historical Settlement to save several buildings which would otherwise have been flooded by the Mactaquac Headpond.
Lifespan
The concrete portions of the dam (namely the spill-ways) are currently experiencing a problem of expanding concrete. When built, locally quarried greywacke was used as the aggregate and is responsible for an alkali-aggregate reaction expansion. The dam is being monitored and extra maintenance work is being performed. The maintenance involves an annual cutting of the dam whereby a cutting cable with teeth is run through the entire structure essentially cutting the dam in half. This allows the dam to continue expanding whilst limiting internal stresses on the structure.
The reduced lifespan of the spillway and dam was first brought to the attention of the provincial government in 2000 when projections by NB Power at that time had placed the dam's end-of-life at 2028, instead of the original 100-year lifespan of 2068. NB Power officials would not say at that time how much it would cost, nor when those costs would show up on the utility's accounts.
On October 1, 2014, NB Power officials presented 3 options for the facility to the provincial utility regulator, the New Brunswick Energy and Utilities Board. A decision will have to be made by 2030 to either restore or decommission as follows:
Re-power the dam by replacing the spillway and the powerhouse;
No continued power generation, maintain the headpond by replacing the spillway but not the powerhouse;
Remove the spillway, powerhouse and earthen dam and restore the river to its original state.
All 3 options have a minimum cost of $2 billion (as of 2014), however, the first option also has an additional cost of $1–3 billion and the third option has not had a complete cost estimate provided.
In December 2016, the utility announced that it would refurbish the plant to extend its useful life back to 2068 at a cost of between $2.8 to $3.6 billion. While some local residents were pleased by the announcement, the Kingsclear Maliseet First Nation, located on the riverbank opposite the dam, were "deeply disappointed".
NB Power entered into a technical assistance agreement with Hydro-Québec on January 10, 2020. The Quebec utility will provide assistance with repairing AAR damage to the concrete structures, reducing the cost of renovating the dam. The agreement also provides the New Brunswick with utility replacement power for the duration of the project.
Inspiration for arts and culture
The building of the dam was the inspiration for Riel Nason's 2011 novel The Town That Drowned, published by Goose Lane Editions. The fictional book, winner of the 2012 Commonwealth Book Prize, is set in the 1960s near Pokiok Falls, where the characters learn their homes will soon be swallowed by the rising water.
References
External links
NB Power Corporation
Mactaquac Country Chamber of Commerce
http://www.mactaquac.ca/
NB Power
Dams in New Brunswick
Hydroelectric power stations in New Brunswick
Buildings and structures in York County, New Brunswick
Saint John River (Bay of Fundy)
Dams completed in 1968
Crossings of the Saint John River (Bay of Fundy)
1968 establishments in New Brunswick
The Liga ABF 2006–07 was the 50th season of women's handball top flight in Spain since its establishment running from 16 September 2006 to 20 May 2007. Fourteen teams took part in the competition, including newly promoted teams CB Perdoma and AD Sagardía.
Defending champion CB Amadeo Tortajada won its second title with a two points advantage over runner-up BM Sagunto, which also qualified for the Champions League. CBF Elda, SD Itxako and BM Bera Bera followed in European positions like in the previous season, while AH Lleidatana and CB Perdoma were relegated as the two bottom teams. 6th-placed Cleba León was invited to take part in the EHF Cup but refused for financial reasons.
Standings
References
División de Honor Femenina de Balonmano seasons
ABF
2006–07 domestic handball leagues
2006 in women's handball
2007 in women's handball
Farringdon Road is a road in Clerkenwell, London.
Route
Farringdon Road is part of the A201 route connecting King's Cross to Elephant and Castle. It goes southeast from King's Cross, crossing Rosebery Avenue, then turns south, crossing Clerkenwell Road before going past Farringdon station. It finishes on the border between the City of London, the London Borough of Camden and the London Borough of Islington, at a junction with Charterhouse Street. Its line continues into the City as Farringdon Street.
History
The road's construction, taking almost 20 years between the 1840s and the 1860s, is considered one of the greatest urban engineering achievements of the 19th century. It was one of the first engineered multi-lane roads, and buried the River Fleet in a system of tunnels, solving one of London's most significant sanitary problems. Its construction also included the building of the world's first stretch of underground railway, the Metropolitan Railway that later became part of the London Underground running beneath Farringdon Road from into the City at .
The construction of Farringdon Road necessitated the removal of the Fleet Market that had been built in 1736 above the course of the River Fleet, which is now London's largest subterranean river. North of the market was Hockley-in-the-Hole (around Ray Street Bridge), an area notorious for bear-baiting and similar activities.
Properties
Amongst the notable buildings on Farringdon Road are the former headquarters of The Guardian newspaper at Nos. 119-141, the so-called Zeppelin Building at No. 61 built in 1917 after a Zeppelin raid during World War I, and the western side of Smithfield Market.
A notorious building on Farringdon Road was the Farringdon Road Buildings, a five-tenement block of dwellings built for the working classes during the Victorian era. Lacking bathrooms and with poor sanitary conditions this building, one of the last slum dwellings to exist in central London, was still occupied until the early 1970s. Common features were poor lighting, overcrowding, with rat- and cockroach-infested living conditions, and people trapped by their own poverty. The residents were re-housed by Islington Borough Council and the buildings, close to Exmouth Market and the Royal Mail Mount Pleasant Sorting Office, were pulled down in the mid-1970s to be replaced by a multi-storey car park. A contemporary description of the buildings is given in George Gissing's novel The Nether World.
The dwellings in Faringdon Road had an annex at the bottom of Safron Hill have been restored and now belong to the De Beers Diamond Group. The original set of dwellings were occupied predominantly by Italians and formed part of "Little Italy"
See also
Hockley-in-the-Hole
References
Streets in the London Borough of Camden
Streets in the London Borough of Islington
Clerkenwell
John Richard Farre (31 January 1775 – 7 May 1862) was an English physician.
Early life
The son of Richard John Farre, a medical practitioner, they were born on 31 January 1775 in Barbados. After school education in the island they studied medicine under their father, and in 1792 came to England and studied medicine at the school then formed by the united hospitals of St. Thomas's and Guy's. At the end of 1793 they became a member of the corporation of surgeons, and went with Mr. Foster, surgeon to Guy's Hospital, to France in the Earl of Moira's expedition. After the expedition failed they came back to London, and afterwards entered practice in the island of Barbados.
Career
In 1800 they returned to England, studied for two years in Edinburgh, and took the degree of M.D. at Aberdeen on 22 January 1806. They became licentiate of the College of Physicians of London on 31 March 1806, and began practice as a physician. They were one of the founders of the Royal London Ophthalmic Hospital, to which they were physician for fifty years.
Their portrait, by Thomas Phillips, R.A., was to be seen in the board-room of the Ophthalmic Hospital in Moorfields, London.
Works
They edited James's book on Arterial and Secondary Haemorrhage in 1805 and John Cunningham Saunders on Diseases of the Eye in 1811. They also edited the Journal of Morbid Anatomy, Ophthalmic Medicine and Pharmaceutical Analysis. They themselves wrote The Morbid Anatomy of the Liver, London, 1812–1815, and Pathological Researches on Malformations of the Human Heart, London, 1814. This work contains an account of nearly all the cases recorded in England up to its date, and of several observed by the author. Their specimens, with others, illustrative of other parts of morbid anatomy, were preserved in the museum of St. Bartholomew's Hospital, to which they were presented by their sons.
Family and later life
They retired from practice in 1856, died on 7 May 1862, and is buried at Kensal Green. Their house was in Charterhouse Square, and they had two sons who attained distinction in medicine, Frederic John Farre and Arthur Farre.
References
Notes
Attribution
1775 births
1862 deaths
19th-century English medical doctors
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Barbadian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Laila Haglund is an archaeologist who played a key role in establishing consulting archaeology in Australia, and in drafting Queensland's first legislation to protect Aboriginal cultural heritage.
Early life and education
Haglund was born in Sweden. They studied Latin, Greek and classical archaeology at the University of Lund. During their studies they visited Australia to study Cypriot pottery with Jim and Eve Stewart, where they also met with V. Gordon Childe. Observations of Aboriginal lithic scatters in the Bathurst area lead to their switching focus of study to prehistory and conservation at the University of London. During this period they excavated at archaeological sites in Britain and Sweden. In 1965 they emigrated to Australia with their Australian husband.
1965 salvage excavation at Broadbeach
In 1965 Haglund (the only archaeologist in the state at the time) was asked by the University of Queensland to conduct salvage excavations on the Gold Coast at the Broadbeach Aboriginal burial ground. Six seasons of excavations were undertaken between April 1965 and August 1968, recovering skeletal remains of over 150 Aboriginal people of the Kombumerri clan. Excavation methodologies were improvised during the course of the project; the excavation remains one of the largest to have taken place in Australia. On the basis of this work Haiglund received a MA from the University of Queensland and a PhD from Stockholm University. The excavation report was published in 1976, and described as "pioneer archaeological research".
Following the excavation, the human remains were returned to the local Aboriginal Community and subsequently reburied in 1988, one of the key examples of repatriation in Australia.
Cultural heritage legislation work
Haglund drafted the first legislation to protect Aboriginal cultural heritage, which was enacted in 1967 as the Aboriginal Relics Preservation Act 1967. Haglund then sat as a Member of the Advisory Committee to the Queensland Minister for Conservation, Marine, and Aboriginal Affairs from 1967-74. During this period they also lectured at the University of Queensland.
Professionalisation of archaeology
Following the introduction of heritage legislation in New South Wales, Haglund saw the need to professionalise archaeology in Australia. They helped establish the Australian Association of Consulting Archaeologists Inc. (AACAI) and from 1979-1986 they were the inaugural president of the AACAI. To mark their major contribution to Australian professional archaeology, AACAI awards, at the annual Australian Archaeological Association conference, the Laila Haglund Prize for Excellence in Consulting. They were the first archaeologist to work purely as a consultant in Australia.
Later career
Haglund was an adjunct research senior fellow at the University of Queensland in March 2019, but appears to have retired .
Recognition
The Laila Haglund Prize for Excellence on Consultancy was established by the AACAI in 2005. It is offered annually, awarded for "the paper presented at the AAA Annual Conference that makes the best contribution to consultancy in Australia".
Selected publications
Haglund, L. 1968. An Aboriginal Burial Ground at Broadbeach, Queensland: Excavation Report. Mankind 6(12): 676-680.
Haglund, L. 1976. Dating aboriginal relics from the contact period. Archaeology in Oceania 11(3): 163-174. https://doi.org/10.1002/j.1834-4453.1976.tb00248.x
Haglund, L. 1976. An archaeological analysis of the Broadbeach Aboriginal burial ground. St Lucia, Queensland: University of Queensland Press.
Haglund, L. 1984. Checklist and Requirements for Consultant's Reports. Sydney: Australian Association of Consulting Archaeologists Inc.
References
External links
Australian archaeologists
Stockholm University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian women archaeologists
Wólka Kańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Hart Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Hart Creek was named after a pioneer settler. A variant name is Harts Creek.
References
Rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)
Rivers of McDuffie County, Georgia
Rivers of Taliaferro County, Georgia
Rivers of Warren County, Georgia
Digital photograph restoration is the practice of restoring the appearance of a digital copy of a physical photograph which has been damaged by natural, human-made, or environmental causes or simply affected by age or neglect.
Digital photograph restoration uses a variety of image editing techniques to remove visible damage and aging effects from digital copies of physical photographs. Raster graphics editors are typically used to repair the appearance of the digital images and add to the digital copy to replace torn or missing pieces of the physical photograph.
Evidence of dirt, and scratches, and other signs of photographic age are removed from the digital image manually, by painting over them meticulously. Unwanted color casts are removed and the image's contrast or sharpening may be altered in an attempt to restore some of the contrast range or detail that is believed to have been in the original physical image. Image processing techniques such as image enhancement and image restoration are also applicable for the purpose of digital photograph restoration.
Background
Agents of deterioration
Photographic material is susceptible to physical, chemical and biological damage caused by physical forces, thieves and vandals, fire, water, pests, pollutants, light, incorrect temperature, incorrect relative humidity, and dissociation (custodial neglect). Traditionally, preservation efforts focused on physical photographs, but preservation of a photograph's digital surrogates has become of equal importance.
Handling practices
Fragile or valuable originals are protected when digital surrogates replace them, and severely damaged photographs that cannot be repaired physically are revitalized when a digital copy is made. Creation of digital surrogates allows originals to be preserved. However, the digitization process itself contributes to the object's wear and tear. It is considered important to ensure the original photograph is minimally damaged by environmental changes or careless handling.
Permissible uses
Digitally scanned or captured images, both unaltered and restored image files are protected under copyright law. Courts agree that by its basic nature digitization involves reproduction—an act exclusively reserved for copyright owners. The ownership of an artwork does not inherently carry with it the rights of reproduction.
Images that are digitally reproduced and restored often reflect the intentions of the photographer of the original photograph. It is not recommended that conservators change or add additional information based on personal or institutional bias or opinion. Even without copyright permission, museums can digitally copy and restore images for conservation or informational purposes.
Gallery
See also
Infrared cleaning
Media preservation
Photo manipulation
Photograph preservation
References
External links
Conservation and restoration of cultural heritage
Science of photography
Photographic techniques
Ulisse Stacchini (July 3, 1871 – 1947) was an Italian architect. They were born in Florence and studied in Milan and died in Sanremo.
Their major works include the Milan Central Station and Stadio Giuseppe Meazza.
External links
Page at artnet.com
1871 births
1947 deaths
Architects from Florence
19th-century Italian architects
20th-century Italian architects
The Eastside Fire and Rescue is a fire department providing fire protection and emergency medical services in the eastern portion of King County, Washington. The department is responsible for services in the communities of Carnation, Issaquah, North Bend, Preston, Sammamish, Tiger Mountain and Wilderness Rim. In total, Eastside Fire & Rescue's service area is with a population of over 120,000.
History
Eastside Fire and Rescue was formed in 1999 as a joint fire department by three cities and two Fire Protection Districts. These municipalities use an Interlocal Agreement to establish how Eastside Fire & Rescue operates. Participating cities are Carnation, Issaquah, North Bend, Preston, Sammamish, Tiger Mountain, Woodinville, and Wilderness Rim. King County Fire District 10 and King County Fire District 38 are also participating agencies. The consolidation was prompted by the municipalities' desire to provide better fire protection and emergency medical services to the general public in a cost-effective manner.
Stations and apparatus
, the department has 14 stations spread across 5 battalions.
References
Fire departments in Washington (state)
Government of King County, Washington
Seattle metropolitan area
The Brewcity Bruisers is a women's flat-track roller derby league based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Founded in 2005, the league played their tenth season in 2016. The Bruisers are a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
History and organization
Brewcity Bruisers was founded in late 2005 by skaters "Jesse Jameson", "Butch Cassidy" and "Cris Carny Power", and was announced as a new member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association in May 2007. By 2011 the league was drawing over 3500 people to an event at U.S. Cellular Arena.
The Brewcity Bruisers home league is composed of four home teams, the Crazy 8s, the Maiden Milwaukee, the Shevil Knevils, and the Rushin' Rollettes. Brewcity also has two travel teams, the All-Stars A-Team and the Battlestars B-team. The league is supported by a cheer/dance team called the Brewcity Beerleaders, as well as a group of skating referees and NSOs (Non-Skating Officials).
WFTDA competition
In 2009 Brewcity was the ninth seed at the WFTDA North Central Regional Tournament and finished in seventh place after an overtime victory over Burning River Roller Girls, 126-116. Brewcity was the fifth seed at the 2010 North Central Playoff, but finished in eighth place following a 138-84 loss to North Star Rollergirls. As the seventh seed in 2011, Brewcity finished in seventh place with a 157-99 victory over Cincinnati Rollergirls. Brewcity was the ninth seed at the final North Central Playoff in 2012, and improved to a sixth-place finish, ending with a 222-61 loss to Detroit Derby Girls.
In 2013, the WFTDA changed their playoff structure, and Brewcity qualified for the WFTDA Division 2 International Playoff tournament in Des Moines, Iowa as the second seed, ultimately finishing in sixth place. Brewcity returned to Division 2 Playoffs in 2014 as the fourth seed in Duluth, and finished in seventh place with a 186-174 victory over Brandywine Roller Girls. In 2015, Brewcity was the ninth seed at Division 2 Playoffs in Detroit, but lost all three of their games to finish in tenth place.
Rankings
References
External links
Bruisers Official Website
Roller derby leagues in Wisconsin
Women's sports in the United States
Sports in Milwaukee
Roller derby leagues established in 2005
2005 establishments in Wisconsin
Mad in America: Bad Science, Bad Medicine, and the Enduring Mistreatment of the Mentally Ill is a 2002 book by medical journalist Robert Whitaker, in which the author examines and questions the efficacy, safety, and ethics of past and present psychiatric interventions for severe mental illnesses, particularly antipsychotics. The book is organized as a historical timeline of treatment development in the United States.
Mad in America received positive reviews from the general public and mixed reviews from the medical community, which criticized some bias in sourcing but nonetheless acknowledged the need to address the critical questions raised by the book regarding modern psychiatry.
Synopsis
Part One: The Original Bedlam (1750–1900)
Part One describes early treatments like a spinning chair which could reach 100 revolutions per minute, the Tranquilizer Chair which immobilized patients, and water therapies. Whitaker then describes moral treatment, dating back to 1793 and the French Revolution and established in the U.S. by Quakers in 1817, in which lay superintendents treated the mentally ill in small homes with great kindness and had good outcomes: About 35 to 80 percent of patients were discharged within a year, the majority of them cured. Pennsylvania Hospital reported that about 45 percent of patients were discharged as cured and 25 percent discharged as improved. In Worcester State Hospital, 35 percent were chronically ill or had died while mentally ill. Dr. George Wood, a visitor, reported in 1851:
Part Two: The Darkest Era (1900–1950)
Part Two describes the rise of eugenics, which did away with moral treatment in favor of forced sterilization of the mentally ill, and led to newly invigorated fields of psychiatry and neuroscience whose experts practiced insulin coma, metrazol convulsion, forced electroshock, and lobotomy.
Part Three: Back to Bedlam (1950–1990s)
Part Three describes the discovery of phenothiazines and the advent of the neuroleptic drugs that were derived from them, such as chlorpromazine (Thorazine) by Rhône-Poulenc in France, and its purchase by Smith, Kline & French (today known as GlaxoSmithKline). The drug "produced an effect similar to frontal lobotomy", according to early reports by the company's lead investigator. Whitaker says that pharmaceutical advertising, articles published in the scientific literature, and stories in the media of "miracle drugs" transformed Thorazine into a healing drug.
Whitaker says that marketing money from pharmaceutical companies began to flow to the American Medical Association in 1951, a year after Thorazine was synthesized, because of the Durham-Humphrey Amendment to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act which "greatly expanded the list of medications that could only be obtained with a doctor's prescription".
In Part Three, Whitaker also describes the American (but not for example British) propensity to classify patients as "schizophrenic", as well as the error (confusion of schizophrenia with the yet-to-be-discovered encephalitis lethargica) in the original classification by Emil Kraepelin, which psychiatry chose to not revisit and fix. Whitaker then describes three pathways that dopamine may take in the human brain, and quotes first-person accounts of the effects of antipsychotic drugs on individuals.
They call a 1996 New York Times advertisement by a consortium of pharmaceutical companies a "bald-faced lie": the group sought to say that the cause of psychosis and schizophrenia is an abnormal dopamine level and that their drugs worked by altering the level of dopamine. Whitaker then criticizes some American studies, and points out the work of George Crane at the National Institute of Mental Health to get tardive dyskinesia recognized, which up to that point had largely been touted as a symptom of schizophrenia, and they contrast the dosages that British doctors were comfortable in prescribing (300 milligrams per day of Thorazine) with what American psychiatrists prescribed (1,500 up to perhaps 5,000 milligrams per day).
They see irony in the fact that The New York Times reported on Soviet forced use of neuroleptic drugs (which Florida Senator Edward Gurney called "chemicals which convert human beings into vegetables") in "psychiatric jails", but called the same drugs "widely acknowledged to be effective" when reporting on American schizophrenic patients.
Whitaker describes the demise of modern-day moral treatment in a short history of Loren Mosher's Soteria Project, funded by the U.S. while Mosher was chief of schizophrenia at NIMH. They attribute the results in a World Health Organization 1979 study of outcomes for schizophrenia patients (which found better outcomes in undeveloped countries like India, Nigeria and Colombia than in developed countries like the United States, England, Denmark, Ireland, Russia, Czechoslovakia and Japan) to doctors in the developed world who maintained their patients on medications.
They then describes 50 years of American scientists doing experiments on schizoprenia patients: to intentionally exacerbate their symptoms and study the results. They compare the doctors' behavior, unfavorably, to 1947 after American trials of Nazi doctors ended in the Nuremberg Code for ethics in human experimentation.
Part Four: Mad Medicine Today (1990s–Present)
Part Four is Whitaker's description of drug trials for the newer atypical antipsychotics. They say that many of these trials were stacked in favor of the drug being proposed by eliminating the placebo, or by comparing multiple doses of the new drug against a single, very high dose of the old one. They say that the pharmaceutical companies and the press used their influence to make claims for these drugs (some claims that the Food and Drug Administration had explicitly asked them not to make). Risperidone and olanzapine, for example, were both claimed to have fewer side effects than the first generation of antipsychotics. Whitaker also tells the stories of patients whose deaths were caused by drug trials, but were not mentioned to the public.
Epilogue
Whitaker calls it a type of medical fraud that schizophrenics are told that they suffer from too much dopamine or serotonin activity and that drugs put these brain chemicals back in "balance". And suggests that it would not be tolerated to mislead patients with verified pathological disease such as cancer and heart disease. They write, "Little is known about what causes schizophrenia. Antipsychotic drugs do not fix any known brain abnormality, nor do they put brain chemistry back into balance. What they do is alter brain function in a manner that diminishes certain characteristic symptoms...." . Which in various parts of the book they claim or alludes to the drugs having this effect on all other fundamental aspects of personality and behaviors, including the ability to take care of oneself, a notion they later explores more critically in Anatomy of an Epidemic.
Reception
Recognizing Whitaker for marshalling evidence, a reviewer writing for the Chicago Tribune thought their hopes for moral treatment were admirable but inadequate. Writers for The Baltimore Sun and In These Times both liked the book but wondered why the author did not mention Thomas Szasz, a critic of psychiatry.
Scholarly journal reviews
Clinical psychologist Claudia Bukszpan Rutherford acknowledged that though the author holds an extreme position, the book's insight into many of the problems of clinical psychiatry over the years has good points: "While at times their lack of editorial restraint actually distracts from their message, and one may not agree with all of their arguments, their topic is a vital one that has needed to be raised for quite some time, and one which will hopefully be a catalyst for further discussion."
The book was also reviewed in JAMA, where reviewer Daniel J. Luchins, MD, of the University of Chicago observed the review of scientific literature to be biased at times. Despite this, Luchins concluded the book was of value in highlighting social aspects of treatment in psychiatry.
Physician J. van Gijn, reviewing the book for the New England Journal of Medicine, writes that "the book is more of an indictment than a historical account", and starts by pointing out that Whitaker "virtually equates mental illness with schizophrenia; depression and other psychiatric disorders are mentioned only parenthetically." Van Gijn summarizes the pre-1950 coverage of the book without much commentary, but then criticizes the rest of the book. Specifically, they question Whitaker's assertion that Kraepelin's schizophrenia patients in fact suffered from encephalitis lethargica. With regard to antipsychotic medication, van Gijn notes that "Although there may be truth in the notion that dosages of antipsychotic drugs in the United States are higher than necessary, the author weakens their position by issuing continuous and unrelenting condemnations (for instance, “The Nuremberg Code doesn't apply here”), despite a dearth of evidence to support them." Van Gijn then describes Whitaker's attack on the dopamine hypothesis of schizophrenia as "simplistic reasoning", and concludes that "Although [Whitaker] is widely read on the subject, the facts are largely arranged to suit their prejudice, especially in the chapters on drug treatment. American psychiatric institutions may have their failings in the current management of patients with schizophrenia, but they deserve better critics."
Psychologist Clare Mundell, PhD, writing for the Journal of the American Academy of Psychoanalysis and Dynamic Psychiatry said Mad in America "should be required reading not only for mental health professionals, but also for those who still question whether profit has eclipsed patient care as the primary force in medicine in this country."
Online reviews
David Pilgrim, writing "News of scandal is a few decades too late" for Times Higher Education, focuses on the book's shortcomings, saying, "The semi-academic froth they generate distracts the reader from a legitimate outrage, which is not theirs alone. It was shared by many others well before 1998" (the year Whitaker began writing on mental health).
Physician Larry S. Goldman wrote a critical review of the book in WebMD's Medscape Today, claiming that Whitaker "is ready to throw the baby out with the bath water" because Mad in America fails to acknowledge any biological abnormalities in schizophrenia, while at the same conceding that Whitaker's argument is correct in the sense that the true causes of schizophrenia are not known. Goldman concludes that the "overheated style" of the book "tends to undermine some of its more important points, such as the unhealthy symbiosis between the US pharmaceutical industry and much of the psychiatric research community and the ever-present miserliness of public mental healthcare systems."
In a rejoinder to Goldman's review, physician Nathaniel S. Lehrman disagrees with Goldman, and writes that "Whitaker is right", and goes on to agree with the main points in the book, namely that antipsychotic drugs cause brain damage, that despite "psychiatrically produced misconceptions", they "do not fix any known brain abnormality nor do they put brain chemistry back into balance. What they do is alter brain functions in a manner that diminishes certain characteristic symptoms." Lehrman then writes that all the data accumulated on the neurobiology of schizophrenia "has hardly helped patient care."
Lehrman later wrote in the official journal of the conservative political organization the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons that Mad in America is "perhaps the most important psychiatric book of the 21st century."
Christian Perring, editor of Metapsychology Online Review and who was impressed by the book, wrote, "Even though Whitaker themselves could be accused of being overly critical of psychiatry, their argument against schizophrenia medication is cogent enough to urgently require an answer."
E. Fuller Torrey writing for the Treatment Advocacy Center called it "histrionic" and "deeply disappointing."
Physician Marcia Angell, MD, writing a two-part review for The New York Review of Books called this and similar books "powerful indictments of the way psychiatry is now practiced", documenting "the 'frenzy' of diagnosis, the overuse of drugs with sometimes devastating side effects, and widespread conflicts of interest."
See also
Liberation by Oppression (2002) by Thomas Szasz
Big Pharma (2006) by Jacky Law
Anatomy of an Epidemic (2010) by Robert Whitaker
Mad Pride
Notes
External links
Robert Whitaker's "Mad in America" a history of madness (25:40), Cambridge Community Television
Mad in America, web site inspired by the book
2002 non-fiction books
21st-century history books
American non-fiction books
Anti-psychiatry books
English-language books
History books about medicine
Science books
YourBittorrent is a file sharing website founded as myBittorrent in 2003, the new site yourBittorrent is the result of a split in ownership in 2009. The site is a torrent tracking website for the P2P BitTorrent network. As such it does not host files, but hosts information about the location of these files in an indexed torrent file. These torrent files are read by a client located on an individual's computer.
YourBittorrent uses automated software to search the Internet for host file information and does not actively oversee what is indexed in its database. With a lack of oversight, the site hosts some torrents which allow users to access software, movies, music and other items under which are under copyright and thus illegal to distribute publicly, though the files themselves remain on other servers. Illegal trackers are removed by the site when a request is made by a legitimate party.
Kidnap
myBittorrent (Currently known as YourBittorrent) was the first BitTorrent site that has ever been "kidnapped" by its registrar. The website went down on 10 January 2006 for alleged violation of the registrar's abuse policy.
myBittorrent was given two options in an email sent by GoDaddy, neither of which included an appeal process.
The myBittorrent administration sent several emails trying to resolve the issue, but GoDaddy refused to respond until the myBittorrent administration told GoDaddy that they were going to take legal measures. Not long after that email was sent, GoDaddy fully restored the suspended account.
Microsoft takedown notice on open source torrents
In 2006, Microsoft sent a takedown notice to site, complaining about multiple files, including a “Windows-to-Linux-Migration” video, a Xandros Linux torrent, and a NeoOffice 1.2 distribution (an OpenOffice.org fork for Mac OS X).
Transition to yourBittorrent
On 22 March 2009, the owners of myBittorrent had a disagreement over the website's future. The ongoing juridical procedures against other torrent sites, like The Pirate Bay made one of the owners want to downsize the website and over time stop running it. On the other side, the other co-owner wanted it to become bigger and possibly merge with other torrent sites. They decided that they would each go their own way. One owner would keep myBittorrent.com and after a transition period close it down, while the other owner would move all the torrents to yourBittorrent.com. Between March 2009 and July 2009 the owners of myBittorrent held a transition period. On 9 July 2009, the domain myBittorrent.com was shut down after most of the traffic had moved onto yourBittorrent.com already.
See also
Comparison of BitTorrent sites
References
External links
Internet properties established in 2003
BitTorrent websites
Searchsite
Frederick Gayles (born May 11, 1966) is a former Arena football wide receiver/linebacker in the Arena Football League (AFL). They played college football at Western State Colorado University.
In 2002, Gayles was elected into the Arena Football Hall of Fame.
References
1966 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football linebackers
Western Colorado Mountaineers football players
Denver Dynamite (arena football) players
Albany Firebirds players
New York CityHawks players
Grand Rapids Rampage players
Players of American football from Denver
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Orejuela (born August 15, 1943) is a convicted Colombian drug lord, formerly one of the leaders of the Cali Cartel, based in the city of Cali.  They are the younger brother of Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela. They married Miss Colombia 1974, Marta Lucía Echeverry.
Cali Cartel
The Rodríguez Orejuela brothers and "Jose " formed the Cali cartel in the 1970s. They were primarily involved in marijuana trafficking. In the 1980s, they branched about into Cocaine trafficking. For a time, the Cali Cartel supplied 80% of the United States and 90% of the Europe cocaine market.
The Cali Cartel was less violent than its rival, the Medellín Cartel. While the Medellín Cartel was involved in a brutal campaign of violence against the Colombian government, the Cali Cartel grew. The cartel was much more inclined toward bribery rather than violence. However, after the demise of the Medellín Cartel, the Colombian authorities turned their attention to the Cali cartel. The police campaign against the cartel began in the summer of 1995.
Arrest
On August 6, 1995, Rodriguez Orejuela was arrested when the Colombian National Police broke down the door of their apartment (Hacienda Buenos Aires) in the exclusive Normandia neighborhood in Cali, Colombia and found them hiding in a secret closet. Rodriguez Orejuela was not eligible for extradition to the U.S. for crimes committed prior to December 16, 1997. However, while they were detained in Colombia, Rodriguez Orejuela continued to engage in drug trafficking. As a result, the United States requested their extradition.
Extradition
On March 11, 2005, Rodriguez Orejuela was extradited to the United States. Their brother, Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela, had already been extradited. On September 26, 2006, both Gilberto and Miguel were sentenced to 30 years in prison, after pleading guilty to charges of conspiring to import cocaine to the U.S. in exchange for the United States agreeing not to bring charges against their family members. Their lawyers, David Oscar Markus and Roy Kahn, were able to obtain immunity for 29 family members.
On November 16, 2006, the brothers pleaded guilty to one count of conspiring to engage in money laundering. Both were sentenced to an additional 87 months in prison. The two prison terms were set to run concurrently.
Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela is serving their 30-year sentence at FCI Loretto in Pennsylvania.
Their inmate number is 14022-059 with a release date of July 15, 2029.
Gallery
In popular culture
In Caracol 2010 TV Series El cartel is portrayed by the actor Víctor Cifuentes as the character of Emmanuel Villegas.
Is portrayed by Ricardo Vélez in 2012 TV Series Escobar, el patrón del mal as the character of Manuel González.
In RCN 2013 TV Series Tres Caínes is portrayed by Jarol Fonseca as the character of Manuel Ramírez Rajuela.
In RCN TV Series En la boca del lobo is portrayed by Luis Alfredo Velasco as the character of Manuel Ramírez Orjuela.
In the 2015 Netflix Original series, Narcos, Orejuela is portrayed by Francisco Denis.
See also
List of crime bosses convicted in the 21st century
Notable drug lords
References
External links
Plea agreement
1943 births
Living people
Cali Cartel traffickers
Colombian drug traffickers
Colombian people imprisoned abroad
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
People extradited from Colombia to the United States
Holt Point () is a point marking the western extremity of Bailey Peninsula, at the east side of the Windmill Islands, Antarctica. It was first mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for photographer's mate James R. Holt, U.S. Navy, a member of the Wilkes Station party of 1958.
References
Headlands of Wilkes Land
Salahi (, also Romanized as Sālaḥī; also known as Sālakī) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 636, in 156 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Brahim Bouhadan (born 2 February 1983) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a forward.
References
1983 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
AGOVV Apeldoorn players
Fortuna Sittard players
TOP Oss players
Eerste Divisie players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Roosendaal
Dutch sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Hoofdklasse players
Footballers from North Brabant
Harriet Hardy may refer to:
Harriet Hardy, birth name of Harriet Taylor Mill (1807–1858), English philosopher and women's rights advocate
Harriet Louise Hardy (1905–1993), US physician and professor
Friedhelm Dick (3 April 1944 – 5 August 1999) was a German footballer who played as a defender. They made 126 appearances in the Bundesliga, all of them for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
References
External links
1944 births
1999 deaths
German footballers
Association football defenders
Bundesliga players
SC Westfalia Herne players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
WWF Rage in the Cage (also known as "WWF Rampage in the Cage") is a professional wrestling video game released by Acclaim Entertainment on December 21, 1993 for the Sega CD gaming system. It is a spin-off of sorts of LJN's 16-bit WWF games, as the gameplay engine and graphical style are the same as in WWF Royal Rumble for the Super NES and Sega Genesis, also developed by Sculptured Software.
Features
Rage in the Cage was the first WWF game to feature actual video footage in the form of FMV clips seen in the game's opening video, as well clips of the wrestlers' signature moves that can be viewed on the wrestler select screen, and clips that play of the player's wrestler celebrating upon completion of the tournament mode. In addition, the game features audio introductions by Howard Finkel and rants between the competitors prior to the matches. However, for the game's music, developers did not take advantage of the CD format, as it resembles the synthesized music of 16-bit games from that period, more specifically the SNES version of Royal Rumble. Rage in the Cage features 20 wrestlers, the most seen in a WWF game up to that point (this number would not be surpassed until WWF Attitude was released six years later).
Gameplay
Each wrestler possesses punches and kicks, several grapple moves (executed via a "tug-of-war" style lockup system), running attacks, a move off the top turnbuckle, and a signature finishing move unique to that wrestler. Also available are illegal eye gouges and chokeholds, which can only be done outside the ring or if a referee is not present.
Several match variations are available for either one player versus the computer, or two players head-to-head. A One Fall match is a standard bout won by pinfall. In a Brawl match, there is no referee, no count-out, and illegal moves can be done at all times. The match ends only when one wrestler lacks the energy to continue. A Cage Match puts the wrestlers inside of a steel cage. There are no holds barred, and victory is achieved by escaping the cage. Also available is a one-player Tournament mode, where the player selects a wrestler and must defeat the rest in a series of One Fall matches to become WWF Champion. Upon completion, a FMV clip of the wrestler celebrating a victory is shown.
There are no tag team modes, despite the inclusion of tag teams in Money Incorporated, The Headshrinkers, and The Nasty Boys.
Featured wrestlers
Randy Savage
Samu
Fatu
I.R.S
Lex Luger
Razor Ramon
Ted Dibiase
Bam Bam Bigelow
Yokozuna
Shawn Michaels
Rick Martel
Jerry Sags
Brian Knobbs
Big Boss Man
Tatanka
Bret Hart
The Undertaker
Kamala
Crush
Mr. Perfect
See also
List of licensed wrestling video games
List of fighting games
References
External links
1993 video games
Acclaim Entertainment games
WWE video games
Sega CD games
Sega CD-only games
North America-exclusive video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Professional wrestling games
Video games developed in the United States
Igor Armenovich Sarukhanov (, born on April 6, 1956, Samarkand) is a Russian pop musician, composer and artist of Armenian descent, as well as Meritorious Artist of Russia (1997).
They finished the Musical college of Moscow. They were a member of Tsvety Soviet rock band, worked with Alla Pugachyova, Anne Veski etc. Since 1985 they started a solo-career and already has 10 albums released during this period, including 4 LPs in USSR. They were the most popular artist in USSR, like Yuri Antonov, Valeri Leontiev.
References
External links
Official site
Igor Sarukhanov at Peoples.ru
1956 births
Soviet musicians
Uzbekistani musicians
Russian people of Armenian descent
Living people
Honored Artists of the Russian Federation
Soviet male singers
Soviet composers
Soviet male composers
Armenian composers
Russian composers
Russian male composers
Soviet Armenians
Uzbekistani people of Armenian descent
People from Samarkand
20th-century Russian male singers
Russian chanson
Ilustrado (from the Spanish word meaning "enlightened" or "erudite") is a 2014 Philippine television drama period series broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by King Mark Baco, it stars Alden Richards. The series is based on the life of Philippine hero José Rizal. It premiered on October 20, 2014 on the network's Telebabad line up replacing My Destiny. The show concluded on November 14, 2014 with a total of 20 episodes. It was replaced by More Than Words in its timeslot.
In March 2016, the series was released on DVD by GMA Records Home Video. The series is streaming on YouTube.
Premise
José Rizal needed to leave their family to fulfill their studies and career abroad, while also suffering from homesickness, and enduring a long-distance relationship with the woman they loved. They come back home and uses the knowledge and skills they learned abroad to help improve the lives of their family and countrymen.
Cast and characters
Lead cast
Alden Richards as José Rizal / Pepe
Supporting cast
Kylie Padilla as Leonor Rivera
Eula Valdez as Teodora "Lolay" Alonso y Mercado
Solenn Heussaff as Nellie Boustead
Jaclyn Jose as Conchita Monteverde
Ricardo Cepeda as Francisco Mercado
Marco Alcaraz as Paciano Mercado
Freddie Webb as Jose Alberto
Polo Ravales as Venchito Monteverde
Lito Legaspi as Padre Amado
Guest cast
Jhiz Deocareza as young José Rizal
Sean Ross as young Venchito Monteverde
Max Collins as Consuelo "Suelo" Ortiga
Wilma Olivar as Betang
Junjun Quintana as Eduardo de Lete
Angelina Kanapi as Teodora Formosa
Raymond Alzona as Antonio
Rhen Escaño as Isidra Monteverde
Sue Prado as Saturnina
Rolly Inocencio as Tiyago
Silay Tan as Lina
Elle Ramirez as Narcisa
Lucho Ayala as José Alejandrino
David Bianco as Charles Kipping
Hazel Faith dela Cruz as Olimpia
Marinela Sevidal as Carmen
Vien King as Chengoy
JC Tiuseco as Antonio Luna
Mike Liwag as Marcelo H. del Pilar
Carlo Cruz as Graciano López Jaena
Jak Roberto as Máximo Viola
Mark Bordalba as Félix Resurrección Hidalgo
Charles Tongol as Dominador Gomez
Cedrick Juan as Valentin Ventura
Timothy dela Paz as Mariano Ponce
Bryan Benedict as Juan Luna
John Spainhour as Rubio Nicolas
Sid Lucero as Andrés Bonifacio
Glaiza de Castro as Gregoria de Jesus
Benjamin Alves as Sebastian
Episodes
Accolades
References
External links
2014 Philippine television series debuts
2014 Philippine television series endings
Cultural depictions of Andrés Bonifacio
Cultural depictions of José Rizal
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network drama series
GMA News and Public Affairs shows
Television series set in the 1860s
Television series set in the 1870s
Television series set in the 1880s
Television series set in the 1890s
Television shows set in the Philippines
The 939th Air Refueling Wing is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the Fourth Air Force, based at the Portland Air Reserve Station, Oregon. It was inactivated on 30 June 2008.
History
Need for reserve troop carrier groups
After May 1959, the reserve flying force consisted of 45 troop carrier squadrons assigned to 15 troop carrier wings. The squadrons were not all located with their parent wings, but were spread over thirty-five Air Forces, Navy and civilian airfields under what was called the Detached Squadron Concept. The concept offered several advantages. Communities were more likely to accept the smaller squadrons than the large wings and the location of separate squadrons in smaller population centers would facilitate recruiting and manning. However, under this concept, all support organizations were located with the wing headquarters. Although this was not a problem when the entire wing was called to active service, mobilizing a single flying squadron and elements to support it proved difficult. This weakness was demonstrated in the partial mobilization of reserve units during the Berlin Crisis of 1961. To resolve this, at the start of 1962, Continental Air Command, (ConAC) determined to reorganize its reserve wings by establishing groups with support elements for each of its troop carrier squadrons. This reorganization would facilitate mobilization of elements of wings in various combinations when needed.
Activation of the 939th Troop Carrier Group
As a result, the 939th Troop Carrier Group was established at Portland International Airport, Oregon on 11 February 1963 as the headquarters for the 313th Troop Carrier Squadron, which had been stationed there since November 1957. Along with group headquarters, a Combat Support Squadron, Material Squadron and a Tactical Infirmary were organized to support the 313th. The group was equipped with Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of four C-119 groups assigned to the 349th Troop Carrier Wing in 1963, the others were the 938th Troop Carrier Group at Hamilton Air Force Base, California, 940th Troop Carrier Group at McClellan Air Force Base, California, and the 941st Troop Carrier Group at Paine Air Force Base, Washington.
The 939th performed routine reserve airlift operations, being upgraded to the C-124 Globemaster II intercontinental airlifter in 1966. On 26 January 1968 the group was activated for combat duty in the Vietnam War. The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during that period, being relieved from active service in June 1969.
Inactivated on 1 July 1973 as part of a reorganization of Military Airlift Command assets, personnel and equipment being assigned directly to its host 349th MAW.
Air rescue operations
On 1 April 1985 the group was again activated as the 939th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Group when the 304th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron at Portland International Airport equipped with Lockheed HC-130 Hercules aircraft transferred from March Air Force Base, California in addition to its Bell HH-1 Hueys. The mobilization gaining command for the group was Military Airlift Command, with the intermediate command being Twenty-Third Air Force until August 1989, then Air Rescue Service.
In December 1986, the group began converting its helicopter element to Sikorsky HH-3 Jolly Green Giants. In October 1987, the group became the headquarters for all reserve rescue units, when the 301st Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron at Homestead Air Force Base, Florida and the 305th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron at Selfridge Air National Guard Base, Michigan were assigned to the group.
On 1 April 1990, recognizing that the group was parent for several operational squadrons, it was expanded as the 939th Air Rescue Wing. The three flying squadrons also became "air rescue" squadrons the same day. In February 1991, the 939th and its subordinate squadrons began conversion to Sikorsky HH-60G Pave Hawk helicopters.
In August 1992, the 939th Operations Group was activated and the wing's rescue squadrons were assigned to it. Following the devastation of Hurricane Andrew in the same month, the 301st Rescue Squadron provided extensive service, but was forced to abandon Homestead and move to Patrick Air Force Base, Florida.
The 939th also deployed aircrews from each of its rescue squadrons to provide search and rescue coverage worldwide, including to Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland, during and after the Southwest Asia War and to provide combat search and rescue coverage in the Persian Gulf area between 1993 and 2003.
In April 1997, the active duty Regular Air Force's 1st Rescue Group at Patrick AFB inactivated and a second reserve rescue squadron to strictly fly the HC-130, the 39th Rescue Squadron, was formed there. Both squadrons were placed under the 920th Rescue Group, which was assigned to the wing.
Air refueling operations
In 2003, the 939th converted to the air refueling mission with Boeing KC-135R Stratotanker aircraft and was redesignated as the 939th Air Refueling Wing. Some of its rescue squadrons were inactivated while others, including the 304th Rescue Squadron (304 RQS) at Portland ARS, were reassigned to the 920th, which was expanded as the 920th Rescue Wing and became the new headquarters for Air Force Reserve rescue units.
The 939th was inactivated in 2008 following the recommendations of the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Commission and its KC-135Rs redistributed to other units.
Lineage
Established as the 939th Troop Carrier Group, Medium and activated on 15 January 1963 (not organized)
Organized in the Reserve on 11 February 1963
Redesignated 939th Tactical Airlift Group on 1 July 1967
Ordered to active service on 26 January 1968
Redesignated 939th Military Airlift Group (Associate) on 25 July 1968
Relieved from active duty on 15 June 1969
Inactivated on 1 July 1973
Redesignated 939th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Group and activated in the Reserve on 1 April 1985
Redesignated 939th Air Rescue Wing on 1 April 1990
Redesignated 939th Rescue Wing on 1 February 1992
Redesignated 939th Air Refueling Wing on 1 April 2003
Inactivated on 30 June 2008
Assignments
Continental Air Command, 15 January 1963 (not organized)
349th Troop Carrier Wing (later 349th Military Airlift Wing), 11 February 1963 – 26 January 1968
452d Military Airlift Wing, 26 January 1968 – 15 June 1969 (detached 25 July 1968 – 15 June 1969
349th Military Airlift Wing, 15 June 1969 – 1 July 1973 (detached 25 July – 14 December 1969)
403d Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Wing (later 403d Rescue and Weather Reconnaissance Wing), 1 April 1985
Fourth Air Force, 1 October 1987
Tenth Air Force, 1 April 1990
Fourth Air Force, 1 February 1992
Tenth Air Force, 1 October 1993 – 30 June 2008
Components
Groups
920th Rescue Group, 1 August 1997 –1 April 2003
939th Operations Group, 1 August 1992 – 30 June 2008
Squadrons
97th Military Airlift Squadron, 25 July 1969 – 1 July 1973
301st Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron (later 301st Air Rescue Squadron, 301st Rescue Squadron), 1 October 1987 – 1 August 1992
304th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron (later 304th Air Rescue Squadron, 304th Rescue Squadron), 1 April 1985 – 1 August 1992
305th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron (later 305th Air Rescue Squadron, 305th Rescue Squadron), 1 October 1987 – 1 August 1992
313th Troop Carrier Squadron (later 313th Military Airlift Squadron), 11 February 1963 – 1 July 1973
Stations
Portland International Airport, 11 February 1963
McChord Air Force Base, Washington, 25 July 1968 – 1 July 1973
Portland Air Reserve Station, 1 April 1985 – 30 June 2008
Aircraft
Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar (1963–1968)
Lockheed C-141 Starlifter (1968–1973)
Bell HH-1N Twin Huey (1985–1991)
Lockheed HC-130 Hercules (1985–2003)
Sikorsky HH-3E Jolly Green Giant (1986–1992)
Sikorsky CH-3E (1987–1992)
Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk (1991–1992)
Sikorsky HH-60G Pave Hawk (1992–2003)
Boeing KC-135R Stratotanker (2003–2008)
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Military units and formations in Oregon
0939
Military units and formations of the United States Air Force Reserves
Portland International Airport
Indium bromide may refer to:
Indium(I) bromide, InBr
Indium(III) bromide, InBr3; when molten it is dimeric, In2Br6, and it is predominantly dimeric in the gas phase
Lu Xuechang (June 25, 1964 – February 20, 2014) was a sixth generation Chinese film director. One of a new crop of talented filmmakers, Lu directed four feature films beginning with their debut, The Making of Steel in 1997.
Like many of their present-day peers, critics have seen elements of foreign filmmakers in Lu's work with Lu themselves claiming to enjoy Italian cinema (although they stop short of naming specific influences). Also commensurate with their peers Lu had their share of run-ins with the censors. The Making of Steel, for example, was recut six times before it was allowed to be screened.
Filmography
References
External links
Lu Xuechang at the Chinese Movie Database
Film directors from Beijing
Screenwriters from Beijing
1964 births
2014 deaths
Tartar is a former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2010 the municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn and Tartar merged into the municipality of Cazis.
History
Tartar is first mentioned around 1290-98 as in Tartere.
Geography
Tartar had an area, , of . Of this area, 51.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while 38% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 8.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (1.9%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Thusis sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. Tartar is located on the lower Heinzenberg mountains at an elevation of . It consists of the haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) village of Tartar made up of the sections of Oberschauenberg, Valeina, Pro Biet and the farm house group of Foppa. The municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn, and Tartar merged on 1 January 2010 into the municipality of Cazis.
Demographics
Tartar had a population () of 168, of which 4.8% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -4%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.6% male and 49.4% female. The age distribution, , in Tartar is; 17 people or 10.8% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 14 people or 8.9% are 10 to 14, and 7 people or 4.4% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 14 people or 8.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 21 people or 13.3% are 30 to 39, 23 people or 14.6% are 40 to 49, and 22 people or 13.9% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 20 people or 12.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 10 people or 6.3% are 70 to 79, there are 8 people or 5.1% who are 80 to 89, and there are 2 people or 1.3% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 53.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (16.8%), the CVP (15.3%) and the FDP (14.5%).
In Tartar about 67.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Tartar has an unemployment rate of 1.05%. , there were 7 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 9 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 3 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Nearly all of the population () speaks German, with Italian and Romansh spoken by three and one person, respectively.
References
External links
Official website
Cazis
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Populated places disestablished in 2010
2010 disestablishments in Switzerland
Silicor Materials Inc. is a privately held manufacturer of solar silicon and aluminum alloy. Silicor is headquartered in San Jose, California, and its silicon purification operations are performed by its wholly owned subsidiary, Silicor Materials Canada Inc., in Ontario, Canada. Silicor also has a research and development facility in Berlin, Germany, and is currently building a commercial manufacturing facility in the port of Grundartangi, Iceland. The facility will have a nameplate capacity of 16,000 metric tons, with the ability to yield up to 19,000 metric tons of solar silicon each year. To date, more than 20 million solar cells have been made with Silicor's solar silicon.
Technology
Silicor Materials uses a unique silicon purification process, which it obtained with the acquisition of 6N Silicon, Inc. Silicor Materials also claims to have intellectual property and patents on processes related to silicon purification, crystallization, wafering, and cell processing that enable it to produce cells with efficiencies comparable to those made with conventionally produced silicon while using what Silicor Materials claims are lower-cost materials than created through the more conventional Siemens purification method. Silicor Materials' solar silicon is shipped globally to manufacturers who cast the material into ingots, cut the ingots into bricks, cut those bricks into wafers using wire saws and convert the wafers into solar cells. These cells are then assembled into conventional aluminum-framed, glass-encapsulated solar modules (also known as solar panels) for use in distributed and centralized solar applications.
Technological Benefits
In contrast to the Siemens Process, which requires a total of four phase changes—solid to liquid, liquid to gas, gas to liquid, liquid to solid—Silicor's silicon only goes through two phase changes- solid to liquid and liquid to solid. This change reduces the manufacturing energy requirements to an estimated total usage of 10 to 25 kWh/kg.
Silicor's method does not require the use or handling of hazardous chemicals such as silane or trichlorosilane gas, which are required in both the Siemens and Fluid Bed silicon purification processes. This contributes to improved worker safety, the avoidance of recycle and disposal costs, faster facility permitting and reduced facility construction footprint. Additionally, Silicor's resulting solar silicon has a narrow resistivity range which is achieved through adjusting the relative mix of boron and phosphorus. This property is shown to improve ingot yields.
History
The organization was founded as a development company in 2006 under the name Calisolar, with the goal of manufacturing low-cost photovoltaic (PV) solar cells from silicon designed specifically for the solar industry. The company then acquired 6N Silicon, Inc. in 2010. The company was renamed "Silicor Materials" in 2012, when its focus shifted exclusively to solar silicon manufacturing.
See also
Solar energy
Photovoltaic companies
Photovoltaics
Silicon
References
External links
Official Silicor Materials Website
Photovoltaics manufacturers
Silicon solar cells
Companies based in Sunnyvale, California
The March 713 was a Formula 3 racing car designed, developed, and built by March Engineering in 1970, and used from 1971.
Development
For the first time, the tubular space frame was replaced by a GRP monocoque, which initially caused some stability problems. The vehicles were equipped with Toyota and BMW engines, the latter being inferior to the double camshaft engines of the Japanese due to the single camshaft principle.
Even the inexpensive use of mass-produced parts such as the central throttle valve of the BMW 3.0 CSi did not necessarily contribute to the competitiveness of the straight engine from the BMW 2002, which had its problems primarily in terms of torque. Flanged to this was a 5-speed Hewland Mk.IV gearbox, which initially sent power to the rear wheels via Hardy discs on the driveshafts (which were often later replaced by CV joints).
Just like its successor, the 723, the vehicle was not very successful; it was only with the 733 that the type became more mature and successful.
References
Formula Three cars
1970s cars
Disclaimer is an upcoming American thriller television series written and directed by Alfonso Cuarón, based on the 2015 novel of the same name by Renée Knight.
Premise
A famed television journalist discovers they are a prominent character in a novel that reveals a secret they have tried to keep hidden.
Cast
Cate Blanchett as Catherine Ravenscroft
Kevin Kline as Stephen Brigstocke
Sacha Baron Cohen
Kodi Smit-McPhee
HoYeon Jung as Kim
Louis Partridge as Jonathan Brigstocke
Lesley Manville as Nancy
Production
It was announced in December 2021 that Apple TV+ had ordered the series, which will be written and directed by Alfonso Cuarón, with Cate Blanchett and Kevin Kline set to star. Emmanuel Lubezki and Bruno Delbonnel will serve as cinematographers for the series. In February 2022, Kodi Smit-McPhee joined the cast while Sacha Baron Cohen entered negotiations for a role. Cohen would be confirmed the next month, with HoYeon Jung also added to the cast. In May, Louis Partridge would join the cast, with Lesley Manville joining the next month.
Filming for the series had begun by June 2022 in Archway, London.
References
External links
Upcoming television series
American thriller television series
Apple TV+ original programming
Television series about journalism
Television series about television
Television series based on novels
Television series by Anonymous Content
Television shows about writers
Television shows shot in London
Works by Alfonso Cuarón
The Seventh-day Adventist Church is a major Christian denomination with a significant presence in Brazil with over 1,721,758 members as of June 30, 2020. The Seventh-day Adventist Church splits Brazil into eight Unions.
Sub Fields
Central Brazil Union Conference website
Central São Paulo Conference website
East São Paulo Conference website
São Paulo Conference website
São Paulo Valley Conference website
South São Paulo Conference website
Southeast São Paulo Conference website
Southwest São Paulo Conference website
West São Paulo Conference website
East Brazil Union Mission website
Sergipe Mission website
Bahia Conference website
Central Bahia Conference website
North Bahia Conference website
South Bahia Conference website
Southwest Bahia Mission website
North Brazil Union Mission website
Maranhao Conference website
Northeast Maranhao Mission
South Maranhao Mission website
North Para Conference website
South Para Conference website
West Para Mission website
Para-Amapa Mission website
Northeast Brazil Union Mission website
Ceara Conference website
Alagoas Mission website
Pernambuco Conference website
Central Pernambuco Mission website
Piaui Mission website
Northeast Brazil Mission website
Northwest Brazil Union Conference website
Amazonas-Roraima Conference website
Central Amazon Conference website
South Rondonia Conference website
West Amazon Conference website
South Brazil Union Conference website
Central Parana Conference website
North Parana Conference website
South Parana Conference website
West Parana Conference website
Rio Grande do Sul Conference website
Central Rio Grande do Sul Conference website
North Rio Grande do Sul Mission website
Santa Catarina Conference website
North Santa Catarina Conference website
Southeast Brazil Union Conference website
Espirito Santo Conference website
South Espirito Santo Conference website
Rio de Janeiro Conference website
Rio Fluminense Conference website
South Rio Conference website
Central Minas Conference website
East Minas Conference website
North Minas Mission website
South Minas Conference website
West Central Brazil Union Mission website
Central Planalto Conference website
Central Brazil Conference website
Mato Grosso Conference website
South Mato Grosso Conference website
Tocantins Mission. website
Education facilities
The Seventh-day Adventist Church operates 124 secondary schools in Brazil. The church also operates five schools of higher education named: Amazonia Adventist College; Bahia Adventist College; Brazil Adventist University; Minas Gerais Adventist College & Parana Adventist College.
Medical facilities
The Seventh-day Adventist Church operates seven hospitals & two clinics in Brazil named: Adventist Natural Life Clinic; Belem Adventist Hospital; Manaus Adventist Hospital; Penfigo Adventist Hospital; São Paulo Adventist Hospital; Silvestre Adventist Hospital; Silvestre Adventist Hospital - Itaborai; Curitiba Adventist Clinic & Porto Alegre Adventist Clinic.
History
See also
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada
Seventh-day Adventist Church in the People's Republic of China
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Colombia
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Cuba
Seventh-day Adventist Church in India
Italian Union of Seventh-day Adventist Churches
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Ghana
New Zealand Pacific Union Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Nigeria
Adventism in Norway
Romanian Union Conference of Seventh-day Adventists
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Sweden
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Thailand
Seventh-day Adventist Church in Tonga
Seventh-day Adventists in Turks and Caicos Islands
References
Protestantism in Brazil
Brazil
History of the Seventh-day Adventist Church
Seventh-day Adventist Church in South America
Alex Highsmith (born August 7, 1997) is an American football outside linebacker for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Charlotte.
Early life and high school
Highsmith grew up in Wilmington, North Carolina and attended Eugene Ashley High School, where they played baseball, basketball and football. They played middle linebacker and fullback and was named second-team All-Area and first-team All-Mideastern Conference as a senior. They were also named All-Area in baseball. Highsmith was lightly recruited by college programs and only received interest from Davidson and Furman before being offered a spot on UNC Charlotte's team as a walk on.
College career
Highsmith joined the Charlotte 49ers as a walk-on and redshirted their true first-year student season. As a redshirt first-year student, they played in all 12 of the 49ers games and finished the season with 17 tackles and a sack. Highsmith was a key member of Charlotte's defensive line rotation during their redshirt sophomore season and finished the year with 33 tackles with 5.0 tackles for loss, 2.0 sacks and one fumble recovery. They were named a starter at defensive end as a redshirt junior and was named first-team All-Conference USA after setting a school record with 17.5 tackles for loss along with 60 total tackles, three sacks and two forced fumbles. They were again named first-team All-Conference USA and was also a third-team All-America selection by the Associated Press as a senior after setting new school records with 14 sacks and 21.5 tackles for loss.
College statistics
Source:
Professional career
Pittsburgh Steelers
Highsmith was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round, 102nd overall, of the 2020 NFL Draft.
In Week 8 against the Baltimore Ravens, Highsmith recorded their first career interception off a pass thrown by Lamar Jackson during the 28–24 win.
In Week 9 against the Dallas Cowboys, Highsmith recorded their first career sack on Garrett Gilbert during the 24–19 win.
In Week 13 against the Washington Football Team, Highsmith made their starting debut. In it, they recorded five tackles in the Steelers first loss of the season. Highsmith would finish the remaining four games as the Steelers' starter, recording 23 more tackles as well as 1 sack that they recorded during their season finale against the Cleveland Browns.
NFL career statistics
Personal life
Highsmith is a Christian. Highsmith is married to Alyssa Ungrady.
References
External links
Charlotte 49ers bio
1997 births
Living people
Players of American football from North Carolina
Sportspeople from Wilmington, North Carolina
American football defensive ends
American football linebackers
Charlotte 49ers football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
The Meall an t-Suidhe is a mountain in Scotland, located close to the Ben Nevis.
Etymology
Meall an t-Suidhe is a gaelic toponym which can be transalted as hill of the seat or hill of the rest.
Features
Usually considered as the wesetern shoulder of the Ben Nevis system, the mountain is located on the W side of the Glen Nevis and overlooks the N outskirts of Fort William. The Meall an t-Suidhe is divided from the rest of the Ben Nevis group by a large and grassy saddle, mainly occupied by the Lochan Meall an t-Suidhe. The outflow of the lake is a stream named Allt Coire an Lochain which runs on the E flanks of Meall an-t Shuide, and joins the Allt a' Mhuilinn, a larger stream, just before its conflunence with the River Lochy. The summit of Meall an t-Suidhe is marked by a cairn. Because of its topographic prominence the mountain is classified as a HuMP. Its shape has been compared to a whale in repose, and remark that its green grassy E slopes form a pleasant contrast with the deep blue of the nearby lake.
Geology
The area of the Meall an t-Suidhe is crossed by a line taking apart two portions of the Ben Nevis granites; the innermost of the two portions is considered by geologists younger than the external one. These outer granites are often interrupted by porphyritic dykes.
Access to the summit
The mountain is located close to the pony trail, the most frequented route to the Ben Nevis. Some guidebooks propose the ascent to its summit as an easier and less demanding alternative to the Ben Nevis. They also note that Meall an t-Suidhe is peaceful and is more often free from clouds than its more imposing and crowded neighbour. Getting to the top can roughly take less than 6 hours' walking (there and back) from the Glen Nevis visitor centre. The hike with good weather is not difficult but in its last part involves walking out of waymarked footpaths.
Environment and landscape conservation
The mountain is included into the Ben Nevis and Glen Coe National Scenic Area, one of the National scenic areas established in order to protect Scottish finest scenery and to ensure its protection from inappropriate development.
References
Panorama
Mountains and hills of Highland (council area)
Fort William, Highland
Maynadier is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Clément Maynadier (born 1988), French rugby player
Henry E. Maynadier (died 1868), American military officer
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Braidwood on 20 September 1869 because of the resignation of Joshua Josephson to accept an appointment as a judge of the District Court.
Dates
Results
Joshua Josephson resigned to accept an appointment as a judge of the District Court.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Braidwood
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1869 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1860s in New South Wales
Maciej Okręglak (born 5 July 1993, in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2009.
They won a bronze medal in K1 team event at the 2017 European Championships in Tacen. They finished in 18th place in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
References
External links
Maciej OKREGLAK at CanoeSlalom.net
1993 births
Living people
Polish male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Poland
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Nowy Sącz
Maybe I Should Have: Frásögn af efnahagsundrinu Íslandi ('The Story of the Economic Wonder, Iceland') is an Icelandic documentary film directed by Gunnar Sigurðsson about the causes and effects of the 2008–2012 Icelandic financial crisis.
The film touches on a variety of subjects including finance, corruption, cronyism, nepotism, the privatisation of the Icelandic banking system, tax havens, connections between politics and business, the Kitchenware Revolution, the Citizens' movement, and how the Icelandic government reacted to warning signs leading up to the collapse of the banking system in 2008.
People who are interviewed include Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson, William K. Black, Robert Wade, employees at Transparency International, Eva Joly and Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson. In their search for answers the filmmakers travel extensively and among the locations they visit are London, Guernsey, Luxembourg and Road Town in The British Virgin Islands.
Musicians who contributed to the film include Fjallabræður, Magnús Þór Sigmundsson, Hjálmar and KK.
The film has been generally well received by critics.
References
External links
http://www.icelandiccinema.com/film/Maybe-I-Should-Have
Icelandic-language films
Icelandic documentary films
2010 films
2010 documentary films
Documentary films about the Great Recession
ZAS Airline of Egypt was an airline from Egypt that operated between 1982 and 1995.
Company history
ZAS Airline of Egypt was founded by two brothers, Sherif and Emir Zarkani, as a freight airline. Operations began on November 23, 1982 with a flight from Cairo to Amsterdam to London. Their first flight was to Amsterdam, as both brothers lived in Holland for a portion of their childhood. In 1987, ZAS was granted a license to carry passenger charter operations. Flights to Jeddah for the Hajj began that year. Then, flights to Western Europe began.
ZAS operated a variety of aircraft, from old Boeing 707s to modern MD-87s and Airbus A300s. The Gulf War of 1990-91 brought a downturn in the Egyptian tourist business and ZAS was heavily affected. Sometime in the 1990s the government wanted to nationalize the airline but Sherif and Emir refused to, so the government greatly increased their taxes and occasionally cut the water and electricity supply to their homes. After increasing difficulties, all operations ceased in April 1995.
Fleet details
3 - Boeing 707-328(C) original delivery to Air France
1 - Boeing 707-328(B) original delivery to Air France
2 - Boeing 707-336(C) original delivery to BOAC
2 - Boeing 707-338(C) original delivery to QANTAS
1 - Boeing 707-365(C) original delivery to British Eagle Int Airlines
1 - Boeing 707-366(C) original delivery to Egyptair
2 - Boeing 707-351(C) original delivery to Northwest Airlines
1 - Douglas DC-9-32 original delivery to Inex Adria
1 - Douglas DC-9-33(RC) original delivery to Inex Adria
1 - MD-83 original delivery to Aero LLoyd
1 - MD-87 original delivery to Midway Airlines
1 - MD-82 original delivery to Adria Airways
1 - MD-82 original delivery to ZAS
1 - MD-83 original delivery to Aero Lloyd
3 - Airbus A300B4-120 original delivery to SAS
2 - Airbus A300B4-203 original delivery to Air France
1 - Airbus A300B4-203 original delivery to South African Airways
References
External links
Fleet Data
Defunct airlines of Egypt
Airlines established in 1982
Airlines disestablished in 1995
1995 disestablishments in Egypt
Egyptian companies established in 1982
George Young Johnson (1820 Guilderland, Albany County, New York – June 30, 1872 Altamont, Albany County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life
They were the son of Dr. Jonathan Johnson, a physician, and Gertrude (Waldron) Johnson (1793–1864). They attended a district school, and at age 16 became a clerk in a dry-goods store. Four years later they opened their own store. About 1853, they bought a farm, and engaged in agricultural pursuits. While in business, they studied privately medicine and law, and was admitted to the bar in 1856, but did not practice.
They were Supervisor of the Town of Guilderland from 1855 to 1857, and in 1856 was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Albany County.
They were a member of the New York State Senate (13th D.) in 1858 and 1859, nominated on the Know Nothing ticket, and endorsed by the Republicans.
Their cousin Gertrude Young (b. 1810) was married to Wisconsin State Senator George Gale (1816–1868).
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 442)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 61ff)
The Gale Family Records in England and the United States by George Gale (Galesville, Wisconsin, 1866; pg. 184f)
George Young Johnson at Ancestry.com
1820 births
1872 deaths
New York (state) state senators
People from Guilderland, New York
New York (state) Know Nothings
19th-century American politicians
Town supervisors in New York (state)
Babakücə or Babaküçə or Babakucha may refer to:
Babakücə, Azerbaijan
Babaküçə, Azerbaijan
Hassan El-Mech (born 1945) is a Moroccan sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Moroccan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Morocco
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jelani Woods (born October 9, 1998) is an American football tight end for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Oklahoma State before transferring to Virginia for 2021, where they were named first-team All-ACC. Woods was drafted by the Colts in the third round of the 2022 NFL Draft.
Early years
Woods grew up in Ellenwood, Georgia, and attended Cedar Grove High School. They played quarterback and passed for 1,992 yards with 20 touchdown passes against six interceptions in their junior season. Woods was also named honorable mention All-State in basketball by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. As a senior, they were named honorable mention All-State and first-team All-Region 5 3A after passing for 2,316 yards and 26 touchdowns. Woods was rated a three-star recruit and committed to play college football at Oklahoma State over offers from Michigan, Louisville, Kansas State, and South Carolina.
College career
Woods began their college career at Oklahoma State. They joined the team as an early enrollee and redshirted their first-year student year and was moved from quarterback to tight end during the Cowboys practices leading up to the 2017 Camping World Bowl. Woods finished their redshirt first-year student season with seven receptions for 120 yards and two touchdowns. As a redshirt sophomore, they caught 16 passes for 112 yards and a touchdown and was an honorable mention All-Big 12 Conference selection. Woods had eight receptions for 129 yards and a touchdown and was again named honorable mention All-Big 12 as a redshirt junior.
Following the end of the season, Woods announced they would be transferring to Virginia Cavaliers as a graduate student. They were named first-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference after catching 44 passes for 598 yards and eight touchdowns.
Professional career
References
Additional reading
Andrew Moore, "Jelani Woods: Indianapolis Colts Rookie Files," Horseshoe Huddle, Aug. 31, 2022.
External links
Indianapolis Colts bio
Virginia Cavaliers bio
Oklahoma State Cowboys bio
1998 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Virginia Cavaliers football players
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
Oklahoma State Cowboys football players
Sportspeople from the Atlanta metropolitan area
Indianapolis Colts players
A parson is an Anglican parish priest.
Parson may also refer to:
People with the given name or nickname
Parson James (born 1994), American singer and songwriter
Parson Nicholson (1863–1917), American baseball player
Parson Perryman (1888–1966), American baseball player
People with the surname
Alison Parson (born c. 1984), American country singer and songwriter
Annie-B Parson, American choreographer and dancer
Chris Parson, American voice actor
Del Parson (born 1948), American painter
Elizabeth Parson (1812–1873), British hymn writer
Henry George Parson (1865–1936), English-Canadian merchant and politician
Hubert T. Parson (1872–1940), American business person
Mike Parson (born 1955), American politician and governor of Missouri since 2018
Rynell Parson (born 1990), American sprinter
Other uses
Parson, British Columbia, an unincorporated community
Parson's Pleasure, a place for nude bathing in Oxford, and a short story by Roald Dahl
Parsons table, a modernist straight-edged table
Parson Russell Terrier, a breed of dog
See also
Parsons (disambiguation)
English-language surnames
Cameron Rodriguez (born September 2, 1981), best known by their stage name CAM, is a Spanish-American hip-hop artist, songwriter, and producer from Los Angeles. They have been working on their debut album LOST since the end of 2010. They released their first single "Conspiracy Theories" as a promo (not for sale) with great success. They were first associated with the group The Profe$$sionalz consisting of themselves and Lujuanimus (Aaron Lujan) and Reebdog (Amit Jain). The group was formed while at school at Loyola Marymount University. CAM has been associated with singer/songwriters like Kevyn and Kande who also feature on several of CAM's tracks. CAM is now recording their album LOST at Plaza Productions Studio (Thousand Oaks, California) with sound engineer Stephen Tackett.
Early life
CAM, born Cameron Rodriguez, was born in Santa Monica, California on September 2, 1981. They graduated from Loyola High School in 1999 and Loyola Marymount University in 2003.
Career
After releasing several songs with their Profe$$sionalz group in 2002, they turned to a solo career after graduating from their university and taking some time off. They came back in 2010, starting work on their upcoming album LOST. They have released several singles as promos (not available for purchase or download) such as "Conspiracy Theories", "True Colors" featuring Kevyn, and "You're My Universe". CAM has been featured as a top ten artist of the future on many sites such as ReverbNation and newsletters most notably "MercuryStorm". The "MercuryStorm" was quoted as saying "Every newsletter I always rotate a few up & comers that I feel really have the potential to take things to the next level. Cam is definitely bringing heat to the game. Check out bangers like "The King of the Castle" & "True Colors"!" At the end of 2011, Cam was asked to submit an original track for the DirecTV special 3D television series Gone Til December which will be airing in mid-2013. Most recently, CAM has been asked to feature a track on the upcoming Hunger Games sequel Catching Fire.
Discography
Studio albums
LOST (Upcoming) (2012)
Mixtapes
Three Kings (2002)
Singles
As lead artist
"Conspiracy Theories" (2011)
"Fire" featuring Kevyn & Kande (2011)
"You're My Universe" (2012)
"True Colors" (2012)
References
External links
reverbnation
mercurystorm
1981 births
American male rappers
Living people
Musicians from Santa Monica, California
Rappers from Los Angeles
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
pl:CAM
Voluntary Emission Reductions or Verified Emission Reductions (VERs) are a type of carbon offset exchanged in the voluntary or over-the-counter market for carbon credits. Verified Emission Reductions are usually certified through a voluntary certification process.
Verified Emission Reductions are usually created by projects which have been verified outside of the Kyoto Protocol. One VER is equivalent to 1 tonne of CO2 emissions. Through these schemes, industries and individuals voluntarily compensate for their emissions or provide an additional contribution to mitigating climate change.
VERs may be developed and calculated in compliance with one of several VER standards. These set out rules defining how emission reductions are measured. Standards provide assurance for buyers of VERs. At a minimum, all VERs should be verified by an independent third party.
See also
CEB VER
Voluntary Carbon Standard
CDM Gold Standard
Certified Emission Reduction
References
Climate change policy
Carbon finance
Ruggero Galli was an Italian operatic bass who had an active career during the late 19th and early 20th century. They created roles in several world premieres, including Menico in Antonio Smareglia's Nozze istriane (1895), Cesare Angelotti in Giacomo Puccini's Tosca (1900), and Pantalone De' Bisognosi in Pietro Mascagni's Le maschere (1901). In 1897 they portrayed Schaunard in La Scala's first staging of La bohème. They also appeared in the 1915 Italian film La reginetta delle rose.
References
External links
Italian opera singers
Operatic basses
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
The 2004 Salt Lake County mayoral election was held to elect the Mayor of Salt Lake County, Utah on November 2, 2004, alongside the presidential, House of Representatives, Senate and gubernatorial elections. This marked the second election to the office since the post was created in 2000.
In 2000, Nancy Workman was elected as the first county mayor. However, in June 2004, they came under investigation for hiring two county-paid employees who had worked for their daughter at the Boys and Girls Clubs of South Valley, resulting in them being placed on paid administrative leave on July 9, replaced with Deputy Mayor Alan Dayton.
Democrat Peter Corroon won the election as one of two Democrats to win the county during the election cycle, alongside gubernatorial candidate Scott Matheson Jr., while the county backed Republicans George W. Bush for President and Bob Bennett for Senator.
Candidates
Democratic Party
Peter Corroon, business person
Republican Party
Ellis Ivory, business person
Dropped out
Nancy Workman, former County Mayor (2001–2004)
Despite being placed on administrative leave, Workman still remained the Republican candidate and refused to withdraw. However, after revelations that they had paid their daughter's former boyfriend for county computer work that was never done, Salt Lake County GOP voted on October 5 to withdraw support for her, instead supporting Ivory, who until then was running as a write-in candidate. On October 12, Workman filed papers with County Clerk Sherrie Swensen to officially withdraw from the race, including a note from their physician, Philip Roberts, saying they were "disabled" and unable to continue. Swensen rejected the county GOP attempt to certify Ivory as their candidate, forcing the party to hold an emergency central committee meeting and succeeding a week before the election, despite lawsuits from Democratic Party.
Independent
Merrill Cook, Utah's 2nd congressional district representative 1997–2001
Personal Choice
F. Joseph Irish
Polling
Results
References
2004 Utah elections
2004 United States mayoral elections
2004 in Utah
2000s in Salt Lake City
Chet Nichols may refer to:
Chet Nichols Sr. (1897–1982), pitcher in major league baseball from 1926 to 1932, the father of Chet Nichols, Jr.
Chet Nichols Jr. (1931–1995), pitcher in major league baseball from 1951 to 1964
Nephilengys papuana is a species of araneid spider.
Description
The species was previously included in Nephilengys malabarensis as the subspecies N. m. papuana, but is now recognized as a separate species.
Female body length is about 28 mm, male length 6 mm.
Male spiders apparently self-emasculate after copulation. "At least in Nephilengys, this strategy enables remote copulation, a continuation of sperm transfer after males are detached from copula, which is an additional mechanism to secure eunuch paternity (Li et al. 2012). Although Nephilengys papuana eunuchs have not been subject to experimental testing, early research reported incidents of post-mating emasculation in this species (Robinson and Robinson 1980) and thus its behavior is likely to closely resemble that of its sister species."
Name
The species name is derived from Papua.
Distribution
The species occurs in New Guinea and tropical Australia (Queensland).
Gallery
References
Araneidae
Spiders of Asia
Spiders of Australia
Arthropods of New Guinea
Spiders described in 1881
Mariano Matamoros (aka Villa Matamoros or Matamoros) is a town and seat of the municipality of Matamoros, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town had a population of 2,615, up from 2,256 as of 2005.
References
Populated places in Chihuahua (state)
Alfabet/Alphabet: A Memoir of a First Language is a book written by Canadian poet Sadiqa de Meijer. It is a collection of essays and a record of their transitioning from speaking Dutch to English. The book was published in October 2020 by Palimpsest Press of Windsor, Ontario, and won the 2021 Governor General's Literary Award for English-language non-fiction.
Synopsis
de Meijer's alfabet/alphabet chronicles their transition from speaking Dutch, their mother tongue, to English, their adopted tongue. By taking an eclectic approach to narrative, they examine the shifting cultural currents of language by exploring topics of identity, geography, family, and translation. As a result, alfabet/alphabet identifies components of fellow linguistic migrants' experiences, while leaving lifelong English speakers with a different perspective of their mother tongue.
Awards
alfabet/alphabet: a memoir of a first language, won the Governor General's Literary Award for English-language non-fiction at the 2021 Governor General's Awards.
Reception
alfabet/alphabet was generally well received. Cara Nelissen at the Literary Review of Canada comments, "de Meijer weaves little gems throughout alfabet/­alphabet, including a four-page list of what English-speakers think Dutch sounds like". At Goodreads, Susan Gillis finds it, "An important book that expands the genre of memoir and deserves to be widely read and shared." and adds, "Brilliant, insightful writing that's warm and generous". Joanne Booy-De Moor at The Banner writes, "This slim volume is academically rigorous and poetically playful as they explore questions of identity, landscape, and family".
References
2021 non-fiction books
Canadian memoirs
Governor General's Award-winning non-fiction books
Canadian essay collections
Prakash Jadhav is a Shiv Sena politician from Nagpur District, Maharashtra. They were a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. They represented the Ramtek constituency of Maharashtra as a member of the Shiv Sena (SS) political party, after resignation of Subodh Mohite from Lok Sabha and Shiv Sena and joining Congress.
Positions held
2007: Elected to 14th Lok Sabha
2018: Appointed as Nagpur Chief, Shiv Sena
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
Living people
People from Maharashtra
India MPs 2004–2009
Marathi politicians
Lok Sabha members from Maharashtra
Shiv Sena politicians
People from Nagpur district
Year of birth missing (living people)
The honorific prefix "The Most Honourable" is a form of address that is used in several countries. In the United Kingdom, it precedes the name of a marquess or marchioness.
Overview
In Jamaica, Governors-General of Jamaica, as well as their spouses, are entitled to be styled "The Most Honourable" upon receipt of the Jamaican Order of the Nation. Prime Ministers of Jamaica, and their spouses, are also styled this way upon receipt of the Order of the Nation, which is only given to Jamaican Governors-General and Prime Ministers.
In The Bahamas, the style "The Most Honourable" is given to governors-general, prime ministers and recipients of the Bahamian Order of the Nation.
In Barbados, recipients of the Order of Freedom of Barbados receive the style "The Most Honourable".
Certain dignitaries and recipients of honours in Africa are also styled as such. For example, those who make a significant contribution to the Bunyoro-Kitara Kingdom of Uganda, and are granted the Royal Order of the Engabu or the Royal Order of the Omujwaara Kondo, are also entitled to use the hereditary honorific style of "The Most Honourable".
In Malaysia, the Prime Minister of Malaysia and the Chief Ministers of various Malaysian states are accorded the title Yang Amat Berhormat (lit. The Most Honourable in Malay).
In addition, the names of some groups use this prefix, such as "Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council" in the United Kingdom.
See also
Style (manner of address)
Forms of address in the United Kingdom
The Honourable
The Right Honourable
The Most Noble
The Much Honoured
References
Styles (forms of address)
Honorifics in the United Kingdom
Kenneth Paul Dulieu was chairperson and chief executive of Capcon Limited (previously Capcon Holdings plc). They later became non-executive chairperson of Southampton Leisure Holdings plc and chairperson of Coventry City Football Club. Dulieu is founding trustee of UK Charity Kids in Sport, now part of "Heart of Bucks", and chairperson of trustees for the National Youth Harp Orchestra Charitable Trust.
Capcon Holdings plc
Dulieu founded K & J Dulieu Limited (trading as Capitol Consultants) in 1983, later renamed Capitol Group plc in 1994, on its admission to the London Stock Exchange Official List. They acted as chief executive until the sale of the business to Carlisle Holdings plc in 1998. At point of sale, Capitol Group plc was one of the largest suppliers of security and investigatory services, and counterterrorism in the United Kingdom, with over 3,000 employees.
In 1998, together with others, Dulieu re-purchased the Investigations Division and Audit & Stocktaking business from Carlisle Holdings plc, which was floated on AIM in 2001 as Capcon Holdings plc.
Upon invitation, from 2002 to 2010, they acted as Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Remuneration and Nominations Committees of previously Alternative Investment Market listed Vantis plc, an accountancy and financial services business.
Southampton Football Club
In 2006, Dulieu was appointed chairperson of Southampton Leisure Holdings plc, the publicly listed holdings company of Southampton Football Club. They led a new executive team to effect the financial turnaround and restructure of the club, which was haemorrhaging cash and near the bottom of the English Football League. Within a year, the club was challenging for promotion, losses were reduced from £3.3m to less than £1m and debt was substantially reduced. Dulieu stepped down as chairperson in 2007 having completed an extended term to find new investment in the club. They were replaced by Leon Crouch as acting chairperson.
Coventry City Football Club
In 2010, Dulieu was appointed chairperson of Coventry City Football Club, tasked with devising and implementing a turnaround strategy for the club. Within a year, significant improvements were introduced, including a substantial reduction in losses, the integration of the academy and first team, player contract extensions with flexible terms and an increase in the value of the squad. In December 2011, Dulieu stepped down as chairperson, having prepared the club for the implementation of the UEFA Financial Fair Play Regulations.
Other notable business ventures
Capitol Inns - Acquired first public House in 1988 and built into a small chain of six properties and two restaurants, before selling out in 1993 at substantial capital gain to Livingwell Health & Leisure, a Barclays brother's vehicle.
Eurosave Travel Club Ltd - formed in 1992 to exploit cheap ferry packages to Europe and Scandinavia. Abolition of duty free led to the closure of the business in 2002.
Three Orthopaedic Sports Clinics - Purchased 1992, turned around and sold on in 1995.
Meridien Shipping - formed in 1993 to operate a freight ferry service between Folkestone and Boulogne. Two ships chartered. Turnover first year, £5m+ and profitable. Second year, £7m turnover.
Charitable Work
Dulieu is founding Trustee of UK Charity, Kids in Sport - Julian Budd Kids In Sport Trust Ltd - now part of "Heart of Bucks". In April 2019, the charity transferred to Heart of Bucks, the community foundation for Buckinghamshire; a funding organisation awarding grants and loans to local charities and community groups.
Dulieu is chairperson of trustees for the National Youth Harp Orchestra Charitable Trust.
References
Coventry Telegraph. "Ken Dulieu: Coventry City's darkest hour has passed", 10 November 2011
Coventry Telegraph. "Where are they now? Coventry City's 'best ever' board", 16 May 2014
Evening Standard. "Saints are the goal for secretive hedge fund", 24 October 20017
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English businesspeople
Coventry City F.C. directors and chairpeople
Southampton F.C. directors and chairpeople
Place of birth missing (living people)
Alphonse Georger (born 25 May 1936 in Sarreguemines, Moselle) is a French and Algerian Catholic bishop and an Emeritus Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oran in Algeria since December 2012.
Bibliography
Alphonse Georger was ordained priest Catholic priest on 29 June 1965 in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Algiers. They got Algerian nationality in 1977.
Georger was appointed Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oran on 10 July 1998 by Pope John Paul II and they were consecrated on 16 August 1998 by Archbishop Joseph Duval, Archbishop of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rouen.
Retiring on grounds of age in 2012, their successor, Jean-Paul Vesco was named on 1 December 2012 and was ordained on 25 January 2012. Monsignor Georger then became an emeritus bishop.
Publications
A seminarian Journal in Algeria, 1960-1962, Cana, 2003.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bgeor.html
Living people
1936 births
People from Moselle (department)
People from Oran
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Algeria
French emigrants to Algeria
Roman Catholic bishops of Oran
The 2019 COSAFA U-20 Cup was the 26th edition of the COSAFA U-20 Challenge Cup, an international youth competition open to national associations of the COSAFA region. It took place between 4 December and 14 December in Zambia.
The competition was open to players born on or before 1 January 2000.
Participants
Match officials
Referees
Mohamed Athoumani (Comoros)
Patrice Milazar (Mauritius)
(Ms) Rosaly Rosalie (Madagascar)
Retselisitsoe David Molise (Lesotho)
Gift Chicco (Malawi)
Mathews M. Hamalila (Zambia)
Yvon Havelock (Seychelles)
Njabulo Thembinkosi Dlamini (Swaziland)
Keabetswe Dintwa (Botswana)
Assistant Referees
Evanildo Gaspar Martins (Angola)
Zacarias Baloi (Mozambique)
(Ms) Stellah Ruvinga (Zimbabwe)
Brighton Nyika (Zimbabwe)
Elphas Sitole South Africa)
Chiwoyu Sinyangwe (Zambia)
Alex Muzibwane Lumponjani (Namibia)
Dimbiniaina Andriatianarivelo (Madagascar)
(Ms) Harilalaina Razafitsalama (Madagascar)
Venues
Groups
Group A
Group B
Group C
Knockout stage
Semifinals
Third-Place
Final
Winners
References
U-20
2019
2019 in Zambian sport
International association football competitions hosted by Zambia
December 2019 sports events in Africa
Robert Garland is a former principal dancer with the Dance Theatre of Harlem and their first official resident choreographer. They have also choreographed for the New York City Ballet, The Royal Ballet, and the Oakland Ballet, among many others.
Early life and education
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Garland began their dance training with John Hines at the Philadelphia School for the Performing Arts in North Philadelphia. While there, they studied all forms of dance under the tutelage of a variety of instructors, including John Hines, Marion Cuyjet, Morton Winston, and guest teachers from the Dance Theatre of Harlem company, and the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater. They also studied at the School for The Pennsylvania Ballet.
At fifteen years of age, Robert joined The Philadelphia Dance Company (Philadanco), under the direction of Joan Myers Brown, as its youngest member. During their tenure with the company, while still in high school, they worked with choreographers Billy Wilson, Talley Beatty and others. It was here that they received their first of George Balanchine's neo-classical style, through works choreographed for Philadanco by founding members of the New York City Ballet, William Dollar and Roy Tobias.
Upon graduation from high school, they moved to New York City to attend the Juilliard School, where they received their Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1983. Through a four-year scholarship, they studied with, and performed works by, choreographers Antony Tudor, Paul Taylor, José Limón, Anna Sokolow, Kazuko Hirabayashi, Alfredo Corvino, and Hector Zaraspe. It was during this time they also performed with Tina Ramirez's Ballet Hispánico.
Career
Dance Theatre of Harlem
After graduation from Juilliard, they joined the Dance Theatre of Harlem as an apprentice. Under the tutelage of Arthur Mitchell, Dance Theatre of Harlem's founder and artistic director, they rose through the ranks to become a principal dancer, featured in a wide variety of roles and repertory, including George Balanchine (The Four Temperaments, Agon, Serenade, Allegro Brillante), Jerome Robbins (Opus Jazz, Fancy Free), Garth Fagan (Footprints Dressed in Red), Alvin Ailey (The River), Alonzo King (Signs and Wonders), and Billy Wilson (Concerto in F).
After creating a work for the Dance Theatre of Harlem School Ensemble, Mitchell invited Garland to create a work for the Dance Theatre of Harlem Company. Upon Mitchell's retirement from the stage, Garland was appointed by them to run the Dance Theatre of Harlem School, and also became the organization's first resident choreographer.
Work outside of Dance Theatre of Harlem
They have set new and established works for New York City Ballet, Oakland Ballet, and others.  They are the first Black choreographer to create a work for The Royal Ballet of London. In London, two of their works were chosen by the Telegraph newspaper among the "Top Ten Dance Events" of the London dance season.
Their commercial work has included music videos, commercials and short films, including the children's television show Sesame Street, a Nike commercial, featuring New York Yankees Derek Jeter, the NAACP Image Awards, a short film for designer Donna Karan, and the “Charmin Cha-Cha” for Procter & Gamble.
They have worked for Angelo Ellerbee's PR firm Double XXposure Firm. A highlight during this time was their work as the personal coach for R&B singer Jaheim for their song and video "Just In Case" from their debut album. It ended up being a platinum success. It has sold over 1,000,000 copies.
Garland is a recipient of the Building Brick Award from the New York Chapter of the National Urban League, and is a member of the historic Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem, where Calvin O. Butts III is pastor. For the church Garland choreographed a tribute for Butts, a one-time only performance for Abyssinian's White Tie Gala in November 2009, celebrating the church's 200th Anniversary.
From 2004 to 2011, Garland was the primary instructor for the Kennedy Center – Dance Theatre of Harlem Residency Program in Washington, D.C.
Recently they choreographed a work for Misty Copeland, performed by them and their partner Matthew Prescott, appearing at the Vail International Dance Festival, and the Gala of Stars in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Garland has also taught for the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater Company and Ailey II, and recently created a work for the sophomores of the Alvin Ailey\Fordham University Program.
Personal life
Robert Garland has two sisters: Lana Garland, a film writer and producer, and Robin Kim Garland Bandura, a physical therapist.
See also
:Category:Ballets by Robert Garland
References
External links
New York Times Review - Robert Garland's "Gloria"
Fall For Dance 2013 Review - Robert Garland's "Gloria"
Kennedy Center - Ballet Across America (Review) - Robert Garland's "Return"
M and M Variations - Misty Copeland and Matthew Prescott
Sesame Street's "Home In The Sky" featuring Dance Theatre of Harlem
Robert Garland on the Dance Theatre of Harlem website
NY Times review by Jennifer Dunning, September 7, 1997
Critical Dance article by Thea Nerissa Barnes, September, 2003
American male ballet dancers
American choreographers
Juilliard School alumni
Living people
Dance Theatre of Harlem dancers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Preis der Europäischen Kirchenmusik is a German music prize awarded annually since 1999 by the Schwäbisch Gmünd Festival Europäische Kirchenmusik. Awards are given to excellent composers and artists for achievements in the field of sacred music. The prize is endowed with €5,000 .
Winners
1999: Dieter Schnebel
2000: Peter Schreier
2001: Petr Eben
2002: Eric Ericson
2003: Krzysztof Penderecki
2004: Frieder Bernius
2005: Arvo Pärt
2006: Daniel Roth
2007: Klaus Huber
2008: Helmuth Rilling
2009: Sofia Gubaidulina
2010: Marcus Creed
2011: Hans Zender
2012: Clytus Gottwald
2013: Sir John Tavener
2014: Thomanerchor Leipzig
2015: Younghi Pagh-Paan
2016: Hans-Christoph Rademann
2017: Wolfgang Rihm
2018:
2019: John Rutter
2020–2021: Joshua Rifkin
2022: Peteris Vasks
References
German music awards
Awards established in 1999
Church music
1999 establishments in Germany
1999 in music
Granite Flats is an American television series, the first original scripted drama series produced by BYUtv. The show is set in a small Colorado town in the early 1960s during the Cold War, and follows several of the town's citizens as mysterious and potentially dangerous circumstances arise. Season 1 launched on April 7, 2013. The cast was joined by actors Christopher Lloyd and Cary Elwes for its second season, which premiered April 6, 2014. Parker Posey and George Newbern joined the cast for season 3, premiered online April 4, 2015, before the TV season launch scheduled for October. It had an audience of approximately 500,000 households per episode.
On April 20, 2015 it was announced that Granite Flats would join Netflix; all three seasons launched on the streaming service on May 15, 2015.
On June 25, 2015, Granite Flats executive producer Scott Swofford announced the end of the series after three seasons, calling it a "huge success."
Production
The show was produced in Salt Lake City, Utah, in a former high school converted into eight dedicated sets recreating early 1960s America. Because BYUtv is intended for a family audience that shares Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints values, there is no smoking, no adult or extramarital content, and all alcohol consumption is portrayed in a distinctly negative light.
Development
During 2010 and 2011, newly appointed BYUtv director of content, Scott Swofford, commissioned focus groups targeting TV viewers who were at least nominally religious, to see what they liked, disliked and wanted in TV. Swofford summarized the results as, "We want to be entertained. Then we'll stick around for the message." This led to the creation of the pilot for Granite Flats, which became BYUtv's first and flagship original scripted television drama series, and went on to significantly expand the channel's audience, eventually attracting about 500,000 viewers per episode, compared to the previous top-rated show, Love of Quilting, which typically drew under 10,000.
Financing and budget
According to Swofford, the show is funded and non-profit: "We're not ad-driven, so we're not looking at the Nielsens the next day and saying, 'Oh gosh, did we do okay?' We're saying 'Did it work? Is it happening? Is it reaching the audience we want?' ... It's a whole different metric, and it is weird to have the opportunity to play in this arena without having to obey some of those rules. It makes it possible to do independent work." Each show cost $800,000, about a third of the industry standard in Hollywood.
Series end
On June 25, 2015, Granite Flats Executive Producer and BYUtv Director of Content, Scott Swofford, announced the end of the series after three seasons, calling it a "huge success." According to Swofford, "We look forward to what is on the horizon in the form of additional scripted content at BYUtv and have chosen to concentrate resources on these ideas and forego producing a fourth season of Granite Flats."
Cast
Stars
Jonathan Morgan Heit plays Arthur Milligan, the new kid in town, who quickly forms a friendship with Timmy Sanders and Madeline Andrews.
Annie Tedesco (seasons 1 & 2) played Beth Milligan, a young mother who moves to Granite Flats with their son Arthur after the death of their husband. In season 2 they become the nurse over the special ward and becomes part of Project Madman. In between seasons 2 and 3 their character is killed in a suspicious car accident.
Richard Gunn plays the chief of police John Sanders, a man who's serious about their job and doesn't give up easily to bring justice to Granite Flats.
Charlie Plummer plays Timmy Sanders, the police chief's son who gets excited about solving mysteries.
Malia Tyler plays Madeline Andrews, an intelligent girl of Korean descent, friend of Timmy and Arthur.
Peter Murnik plays Hershel Jenkins, an army sergeant who gets accused of setting off a bomb inside the army base. After John Sanders proves their innocence, Jenkins is let go by the army.  They are eventually made a deputy in Granite Flats.
Ethan Ross Wills plays Wallace Jenkins. Wallace is originally the school bully, but a number of insecurities are shown inside them when their father gets arrested. They get taken in by Regina and lives with them for a time. In season 3 Wallace moves back in with their father, develops their first crush, and joins Timmy, Madeline, and Arthur to solve mysteries.
David Naughton plays Dr. Millard Whittison, the head of Granite Flats hospital and the CIA contact for Project Madman, part of Project MK Ultra.
Tom Wright (supporting seasons 1 & 2, star season 3) plays FBI agent Ezekiel Scott. Originally they come to Granite Flats searching for the Soviet satellite that crashed, but they are forced to return and lead FBI operatives in the search for possible Soviet spies. They work unofficially with John in the manhunt.
Supporting
Scott Christopher plays Lt. Frank Quincy, an officer whose prolonged stay at the army hospital piques Beth's curiosity.
Jessica Wright plays Regina Clark. Regina is a nurse at the hospital and is co-workers to Beth Milligan and Dr. Millard Whittison. They also act as the surrogate mother for Wallace Jenkins. They have a strong faith and believes anyone can change but requires seeing some proof before making up them mind.
Ivan Sergei plays Roy Milligan, father of Arthur and husband of Beth. Their wife and son believe them to be dead, but they are actually undercover in Russia, possibly turned to the Russian side of the Cold War.
Jim Turner plays Dr. Ronald Andrews, the father of Madeline Andrews and the lead doctor on Project Madman.
Maia Guest plays Dr. Susan Andrews, the mother of Madeline Andrews and one of the doctors working on Project Madman.
Taryn O'Neill plays June Sanders, wife to John and mother to Timmy.
Mitchell Fink plays Pastor Todd, the pastor at Granite Flats Church of Christ and the leader of the weekday youth group.
Brandon Molale played Major Slim Kirkpatrick. Slim was Regina's love interest and also the head of the military police. They were secretly a Soviet spy. They tried to get Hershel executed for blowing up the welding shop, which was blown up because of a gas leak caused by a piece of Soviet satellite debris. The FBI and John eventually begin to suspect Slim of being a spy, so Slim tried to get Whittison to hand them the info on Project Madman. When Whittison refused Slim tried to shoot it out with Police Chief John Sanders and lost.
Guest stars
Christopher Lloyd plays Professor Stanfield Hargraves, a smart and teasing English teacher with a specialty in Shakespeare.
Cary Elwes plays Hugh Ashmead, a CIA counter-intelligence officer who threatens to take over Project Madman for their own purposes. In real life, the name "Ashmead" was the cover name for James Angleton who headed the CIA's counterintelligence program during the era the show is set.
George Newbern plays Scottie Andrews, a civil-liberties attorney from New York City who is an uncle to Madeline Andrews.
Parker Posey plays Alice White, the aunt of Arthur Milligan who has just been released from prison after spending a decade there for murder. They have visions that sometimes come true.
Episodes
Season One (2013)
Season Two (2014)
Season Three (2015)
BYUtv announced on July 16, 2014, that Granite Flats will return for its third season in April 2015.
Season Three began filming on Monday, September 22, 2014.
Granite Flats, Season Three, was launched with all 8 episodes available online at graniteflats.com and byutv.org Saturday, April 4, 2015.
All three seasons debuted on Netflix on May 15, 2015.
The season 3 episodes will appear on BYUtv in October 2015.
See also
Project MKUltra Real-life, illegal CIA program conducted on unsuspecting American citizens, including hallucinogenic drug experiments on them without their consent
References
General
"BYUtv-Netflix deal for ‘Granite Flats' looks like pure genius" - Salt Lake Tribune
"How a Mormon-made Cold War drama got the attention of Netflix" - Business Insider
External links
Period family drama television series
BYU TV original programming
Television series set in the 1960s
Television shows set in Colorado
In Norse mythology, Verðandi (Old Norse, meaning possibly "happening" or "present"), sometimes anglicized as Verdandi or Verthandi, is one of the norns. Along with Urðr (Old Norse "fate") and Skuld (possibly "debt" or "future"), Verðandi makes up a trio of Norns that are described as deciding the fates (wyrd) of people.
Etymology
Verðandi is literally the present participle of the Old Norse verb "verða", "to become", and is commonly translated as "in the making" or "that which is happening/becoming"; it is related to the Dutch word worden and the German word werden, both meaning "to become".
Attestation
Völuspá
They appear in the following verse from the Poetic Edda poem Völuspá, along with Urðr and Skuld:
Notes
References
Orchard, Andy (1997). Dictionary of Norse Myth and Legend. Cassell.
Norns
Female supernatural figures in Norse mythology
Textiles in folklore
Time and fate goddesses
Gýgjar
Brian Smrz (; born ), also Brian Delaney Smrz, is a Hollywood stunt coordinator and second unit director of projects such as Live Free or Die Hard, Mission: Impossible 2, Eagle Eye, Night at the Museum, Windtalkers and Superman Returns, among others.  They are also the director of Hero Wanted, starring Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Ray Liotta and of 24 Hours to Live, starring Ethan Hawke and Xu Qing. They won the Taurus Award twice and was nominated a third time.
Career
Smrz has worked as a stunt performer and stunt coordinator on Hollywood films since 1981. In more recent years, they have acted as second unit director and director on projects such as Hero Wanted, Fantastic Four and Face/Off. They have worked on several of director John Woo's American films, including Windtalkers, Paycheck and Mission: Impossible 2.
Smrz shared a Taurus Award for stuntwork on Mission: Impossible 2 and Live Free or Die Hard. They were also nominated for Taxi. In an otherwise negative review of Taxi, Variety praised Smrz's stunts.
Hero Wanted is their directorial debut. It is a crime drama/action film starring Cuba Gooding, Jr., Ray Liotta and Norman Reedus. Shooting occurred in Sofia, Bulgaria with a crew composed mostly of Bulgarians.
Personal life
Smrz is from Strafford, Pennsylvania and was the twin brother of the stuntman Brett Smrz, who died while performing a stunt jump off a building. Smrz was hospitalized after a stunt went wrong in 1992 on Cyborg 2. The incident was investigated by the Screen Actors Guild.
References
External links
Living people
American stunt performers
People from Chester County, Pennsylvania
Film directors from Pennsylvania
Year of birth missing (living people)
Covers 80s is the seventh album by American singer/songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on Sneaky Records in 2011. The album is composed of covers of songs by British artists originally released in the 1980s.
Singer Holly Brook, who appeared on Sheik's album Whisper House, and Rachael Yamagata, who has toured with Sheik for various concerts, contribute backing vocals throughout this album.
Reception
The album was released to mixed reviews. National Public Radio said, "No nostalgia here, only genuine feeling, and the challenge to reconsider what might really be worth reviving."
Track listing
"Stripped" (Depeche Mode) – 3:39
"Hold Me Now" (Thompson Twins) – 4:39
"Love Vigilantes" (New Order) – 4:04
"Kyoto Song" (The Cure) – 3:53
"What Is Love?" (Howard Jones) – 3:58
"So Alive" (Love and Rockets) – 4:32
"Shout" (Tears for Fears) – 4:44
"Gentlemen Take Polaroids" (Japan) – 4:53
"Life's What You Make It" (Talk Talk) – 4:33
"William, It Was Really Nothing" (The Smiths) – 2:11
"Stay" (The Blue Nile) – 5:41
"The Ghost in You" (The Psychedelic Furs) – 5:08
References
2011 albums
Duncan Sheik albums
Covers albums
Mefford Field is a public use airport in Tulare County, California, United States. It is owned by the City of Tulare and located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of its central business district. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation facility.
History
Mefford Field, a civilian airfield located in Tulare, CA, served as the temporary site for the Rankin Aeronautical Academy, a flight school to teach United States Army Air Corps flight cadets.
Rankin Field was established by Tex Rankin in 1940 when they signed a contract with the War Department to open a school to train United States Army Air Corps flight cadets. The "Rankin Aeronautical Academy, Inc." was established and in February 1941, the school began basic (level 1) pilot training at Mefford Field, located about six miles west of the still under-construction Rankin Field. Classes were moved to Rankin Field in May 1941.
Rankin Field became one of the 62 civilian-owned flying schools in the U.S. that taught 1.4 million World War II Army pilots to fly. It was assigned to the West Coast Training Center (later Western Flying Training Command). Its primary training aircraft was the PT-17 Stearman, of which over 200 were assigned.
As Rankin Academy moved to its permanent site, Mefford Field returned to daily operations as a civilian airfield, which it continues to do to this day.
Facilities and aircraft
Mefford Field covers an area of 206 acres (83 ha) at an elevation of 265 feet (81 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 13/31 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,901 by 75 feet (1,189 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending April 5, 2011, the airport had 26,180 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 71 per day. At that time, there were 48 aircraft based at this airport: 88% single-engine, 6% helicopter, 4% multi-engine, and 2% glider.
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
List of airports in California
References
Other sources
Manning, Thomas A. (2005), History of Air Education and Training Command, 1942–2002. Office of History and Research, Headquarters, AETC, Randolph AFB, Texas
Shaw, Frederick J. (2004), Locating Air Force Base Sites, History's Legacy, Air Force History and Museums Program, United States Air Force, Washington DC.
External links
Mefford Field at City of Tulare website
Tulare Municipal Airport – Mefford Field Master Plan (May 2006) at City of Tulare website
WW2 Military Airfields: Alabama – California at AirfieldsDatabase.com
Aerial image as of June 1994 from USGS The National Map
1941 establishments in California
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
Airports established in 1941
Airports in Tulare County, California
Buildings and structures in Tulare, California
This page is about the IIBC Championships. For the World Bowls Tour, see World Indoor Bowls Championships.
The IIBC Championships were an annual indoor bowls international championships event, run by the governing body of the sport, the International Indoor Bowls Council (IIBC). The IIBC ran a men's singles, ladies singles and mixed pairs international championships event at senior level each year as the alternative championships to the more prominent World Indoor Bowls Championships organised by the World Bowls Tour and which features players recognised as the leading indoor players. The IIBC also organise the men's singles, ladies singles and mixed pairs international championships at under 25 level each year, which are held separately from the senior event. Although players from both hemispheres were able to compete, travelling restricted the entries and the majority of the leading indoor players from the Southern hemisphere did not take part.
In 2019, the IIBC came to an agreement with the World Bowls organisation. The agreement was to merge their two international indoor championships, the IIBC Championships and the World Cup Singles. The new event would be called the World Bowls Indoor Championships.
About IIBC
The International Indoor Bowls Council (IIBC) is a governing body for the sport of indoor bowls. It is responsible for properly constituting the laws of the sport. Along with World Bowls Ltd and the Professional Bowls Association (PBA), they run the World Bowls Tour (WBT) each year.
Established in 1983 as the World Indoor Bowls Council. The inaugural World Indoor Championships was held in 1979 at Coatbridge. In 1987, a Ladies Section (WIBCLS) was founded, with the first WIBCLS Singles Championships taking place a year later. Following the 1992 tournament, a new organisation called the World Bowls Tour (WBT) was established, and by 1988 the World Indoor Singles and Pairs titles for men was run under the auspices of the WBT. Within twelve months, the Men and Ladies sections combined to form a newly constituted Council, resulting in the WIBC Men's and Ladies' World Championships. It did not take long before the first Two-Wood Mixed Pairs Championship was added to the tournament format.
The following are a list of member nations and organisations of the IIBC:
English Indoor Bowling Association (EIBA)
Guernsey Indoor Bowling Association (GIBA)
Ireland
Association of Irish Indoor Bowls (AIBA)
Irish Women's Indoor Bowling Association (IWIBA)
Isle of Man Bowling Association (IMBA)
Jersey Indoor Bowling Association (JIBA)
Nederlandse Indoor & Outdoor Bowls Bond (NIOBB)
Scottish Indoor Bowling Association (SIBA)
Welsh Indoor Bowls Association (WIBA)
Welsh Ladies Indoor Bowls Association (WLIBA)
Senior
In 2010, Wales' Kerry Packwood recorded the first ever whitewash and the highest score in the championships history, in a first round win against Mary Alderson from the Isle of Man, winning the match in straight sets 17–0, 19–0. In 2013, Jersey staged the senior championships for the first time. It has previously staged the under 25 events. In 2014, Julie Forrest of Scotland became the first person to win the men's or women's title for a record fourth time. In 2015, Chloe Greechan of Jersey became the youngest ever bowls world champion at 14-years-old, winning the mixed pairs title with their father, Thomas Greechan.
Finals
Under 25
In 2004, the mixed pairs event was added to the under 25 championships for the first time. In 2005, Guernsey hosted the under 25 championships for the first time. In 2012, Amy Stanton became the first female to win the women's title three years running. In 2014, Chloe Watson became the first Irish and youngest ever winner of the women's title at the age of 17.
Finalists
References
World championships in bowls
The Daily Journal of Commerce (DJC) is a U.S. newspaper published Monday, Wednesday and Friday in Portland, Oregon. It features business, construction, real estate, legal news and public notices. It is a member of American Court & Commercial Newspapers Inc., and the CCN News Service, National Newspaper Association, International Newspaper Promotion Association, Oregon Newspaper Publishers Association, The Associated General Contractors of America, Oregon-Columbia chapter, and Associated Builders and Contractors Inc. DJC is owned by Gannett, through its BridgeTower Media division.
The DJC is read by business professionals in industries such as construction industry, architecture, engineering, commercial real estate, and law. Besides news, each day the DJC displays legal notices and public records from the city of Portland and surrounding governments.
History
The Daily Journal of Commerce was founded by George H. Himes in 1872, and was initially known as the Commercial Reporter. It merged with Sunday Welcome (a competing public notice newspaper in Portland) at some point during the 1930s or 1940s, and was purchased by Dolan Media Company of Minneapolis in 1997. Dolan Media Company changed its name to The Dolan Company in 2010. The Dolan Company changed its name to BridgeTower Media in 2016.
References
External links
1872 establishments in Oregon
Business newspapers published in the United States
Newspapers published in Portland, Oregon
Oregon Newspaper Publishers Association
Publications established in 1872
Gannett publications
Mong Yawng Township (, ) is a township of Tachileik District (formerly part of Mong Hpayak District) in the Shan State of Myanmar. The main town is Mong Yawng.
History
Mongyawng State (Möngyawng) was one of the Shan States, largely inhabited by Wa people. It was annexed by Kengtung State in 1815. The capital was the town of Mong Yawng.
References
Townships of Shan State
Alexander Fraser of Philorth (died 1623) was a Scottish landowner and founder of Fraserburgh.
They were the eldest son of Alexander Fraser (died 1564) younger of Philorth and Beatrix Keith, a sister of William Keith, 4th Earl Marischal. Their home at Philorth is now known as Cairnbulg Castle.
In March 1570 they started building a tower at Kinnaird Head and a church nearby. They continued to develop the harbour at Faithlie, the modern Fraserburgh, and commenced building a new harbour in 1576. In 1597 they obtained a charter to found a college or university.
James VI wrote to them in April 1589 asking for money to advance their projected marriage with Anne of Denmark. They were knighted at the baptism of Prince Henry at Stirling Castle on 30 August 1594. Fellow knights, including John Boswell of Balmuto had also contributed to the funds for the royal wedding.
They died in July 1623.
There is a portrait of them depicted around the year 1597, including a small dog. The National Museum of Scotland has a pair of small miniatures of Alexander Fraser and their wife Magdalen Ogilvie. These were probably originally set within lockets of gold enamel work like similar Scottish examples.
Marriages and children
Fraser married Magdalen Ogilvie, daughter of Walter Ogilvie of Dunlugas. They married a second wife Elizabeth Maxwell in 1606, a daughter of John, Lord Herries, and widow of John Gordon of Lochinvar. Them son, Robert Gordon of Lochinvar was knighted at Stirling in 1594.
The children of Alexander Fraser and Magdalen Ogilvie included:
Alexander Fraser of Philorth, who married Margaret Abernethy, a daughter of George Abernethy, Lord Saltoun in 1595. They built a tower and courtyard at Pittullie near Fraserburgh. Their eldest son was Alexander Fraser, 11th Lord Saltoun
Margaret Fraser, who married William Hay of Urie
External links
Pair of miniatures of Alexander Fraser and Magdalen Ogilvie, NMS
Sketch from the 1597 portrait of Alexander Fraser, NGS
References
1623 deaths
Court of James VI and I
Melinda Esterházy (born Melinda Ottrubay May 24, 1920 in Budapest; died August 27, 2014 in Eisenstadt) was a Hungarian-Austrian landowner and former ballet dancer. They were the wife of Prince Paul Esterházy, an Austro-Hungarian nobleman of the Esterházy family.
Esterházy inherited Paul's wealth after their death. Since they had no children, they created several foundations to preserve the cultural and historic heritage of the Esterházy family, with the historic family seat Schloss Esterházy in Eisenstadt as the centre of all activities.
Life
Early life and marriage
Melinda Esterházy's parents were Dezsö (or Demeter) Ottrubay, president of the Budapest Higher Regional Court, and their wife Rose, née von Schmidt. They had a younger brother, Josef Ottrubay (1926–2015), who lived as a university lecturer in Lucerne.
After high school, they starred in two feature films in 1939. At the age of 24 Melinda Ottrubay was appointed prima ballerina assoluta of the Budapest Opera.
On August 3, 1946, Melinda Ottrubay married Prince Paul V Esterházy de Galántha in Budapest. The marriage remained childless.
Title and name
In 1921, when today's Burgenland was added to the Republic of Austria, Paul opted for Hungarian citizenship. This left them with the Hungarian personal status and with it their princely title and their nobility name, which they would have had to do without if they had opted for Austrian citizenship due to the nobility in Austria that was repealed in April 1919. After the Hungarian monarchy ceased to exist at the beginning of 1947 and Hungary had become a people's democracy, the nobility and denominations in Hungary was abolished. Thus the names of the couple in Hungary and internationally became Paul Esterházy and Melinda Esterházy.
Escape from Hungary and further life
In 1949 Paul Esterházy was sentenced to fifteen years in prison during the show trial of Cardinal József Mindszenty. It was only in 1954 that Melinda was allowed to visit their husband in Kőbánya prison after having been without news of them for over four years. They were finally released on October 30, 1956 in the course of the Hungarian uprising. Paul and Melinda Esterházy fled to Austria on November 1, 1956 in a car disguised as a Red Cross vehicle via the Nickelsdorf border crossing. Them escape was planned and organized by the Viennese lawyer Kurt Werner and the Burgenland member of the National Council, Franz Strobl. They traveled on to Switzerland, where they lived in Zurich until Paul's death in 1989.
Death and Posthumous Exhibition
Melinda Esterházy died on August 27, 2014 in Eisenstadt in the presence of their family. On October 15, 2016, the exhibition Melinda Esterházy: "Life has given me a lot" opened at Esterházy Palace in Eisenstadt, showing both their career as a prima ballerina and their life at the side of Prince Paul V. Esterházy.
Career
Melinda Esterházy started dancing as a young girl and later became a dancer with the Budapest Opera House.
Esterházy has also acted in movies.  They are best known for their role as Éva in Hungary's Revival (1939). They portrayed a ballet prima donna in the movie Pénz áll a házhoz (1939).
References
External links
Princess Melinda Esterházy: Life Has Given Me So Much Biography.
1920 births
2014 deaths
Hungarian ballet dancers
Melinda
Hungarian emigrants to Austria
Phelsuma ravenala is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Madagascar, where it is found in the regions of Vatovavy-Fitovinany, Atsinanana and Analanjirofo.
Etymology
The species name was given in reference to the plant it was discovered on, Ravenala madagascariensis.
References
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2007
Hermogius was a Benedictine bishop, and uncle to Pelagius of Cordova.
Born at Tui, Spain, Hermogius founded Labrugia Monastery in Spanish Galicia in 915. Shortly afterwards they were taken prisoner by the Moors after their recent conquest of the area. Hermogius was released when their nephew, Pelagius took their place as a hostage for the Moors. Pelagius would later suffer death as a martyr, with Hermogius retreating to Ribas del Sil, where they would eventually die, in 942.
Notes
942 deaths
Spanish Benedictines
10th-century Christian saints
10th-century Galician bishops
Year of birth unknown
Adrianne Harun is an American writer of prose. Them debut novel, A Man Came Out of a Door in the Mountain (a book about "where evil comes from", according to the author), was published by Penguin in 2014. Claire Vaye Watkins called the book a "breathless, absorbing novel", and the book received many other positive reviews, one reviewer describing it as the "buzz book of the season".
References
External links
Living people
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
21st-century American women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kessleria nivosa is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in China (Yunnan).
References
Moths described in 1938
Yponomeutidae
Grain Tower is a mid-19th-century gun tower situated offshore just east of Grain, Kent, standing in the mouth of the River Medway. It was built along the same lines as the Martello towers that were constructed along the British and Irish coastlines in the early 19th century and is the last-built example of a gun tower of this type. It owed its existence to the need to protect the important dockyards at Sheerness and Chatham from a perceived French naval threat during a period of tension in the 1850s.
Rapid improvements to artillery technology in the mid-19th century meant that the tower was effectively obsolete as soon as it had been completed. A proposal to turn it into a casemated fort was dropped for being too expensive. By the end of the 19th century the tower had gained a new significance as a defence against raids by fast torpedo boats. It was used in both the First and Second World Wars, when its fabric was substantially altered to support new quick-firing guns. It was decommissioned in 1956 and remains derelict today. The tower has been privately owned since 2005 and was reportedly sold to a new owner in 2014 for £400,000.
Context and construction
At the time of the tower's construction, there were widespread fears that the imperial rivalry between Britain and France could result in a French invasion or naval incursion along the River Thames. The Thames was seen as particularly vulnerable; as well as being one of the UK's most important trade routes, it possessed several naval installations of great importance, including the victualling yards at Deptford, the armaments works of Woolwich Arsenal, the shipbuilding yards at North Woolwich, and the magazines at Purfleet. The Medway also had major installations, notably the Chatham Dockyard, which had been targeted to devastating effect by the Dutch during the Second Anglo-Dutch War in 1667. It was thus deemed essential to prevent an enemy entering the Medway and reaching the dockyard.
Grain Tower stands about offshore at the eastern tip of the Isle of Grain, where the mouth of the Medway meets the Thames. It was constructed on the tidal sandbank of Grain Spit and is reached by a causeway running in an east–west direction from the shoreline. Its location enabled the tower's arc of fire to overlap with that of the guns at Garrison Point on the Isle of Sheppey, on the other side of the Medway.
Construction began in 1848 but difficulties were soon encountered in laying the foundations and construction paused until 1853. It took nearly two years for the Lincolnshire builders Kirk and Parry to construct the rest of the tower; as the York Herald newspaper noted, "from the exposed situation of the tower, which is subject to the sea and weather, very great difficulties were experienced during the winter months in proceeding with the work." It was completed in late 1855 and was handed over to the Ordnance authorities on 17 November that year. By this point it had gone more than 50 percent over budget, costing £16,798 (equivalent to £ today).
The tower stands three storeys high, faced in granite ashlar, and is roughly oval in shape. Its base is , its original height was , and it has walls thick. The gun crews lived in barrack accommodation within the tower, which also housed stores and ammunition. Its overall design is similar to that of a Martello tower, dozens of which were built around the coasts of Britain and Ireland during the Napoleonic Wars at the start of the 19th century; it can be considered the last Martello tower to be built in Britain although the similar Bréhon Tower off the coast of Guernsey was finished in 1857.
Operational history
The tower was initially armed with three 68-pdr. smoothbore guns which were mounted on traversing platforms on the roof and fired en barbette. Although Martello-style towers were well able to resist the smoothbore guns of the early 19th century, the development of a new generation of much more powerful rifled muzzle loader (RML) guns made Grain Tower obsolete as soon as it had been completed.
The tower's weakness to fire from rifled guns was never fully addressed. A fresh invasion scare at the end of the 1850s prompted the British government to appoint a Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom, which published a far-reaching report in 1860. It recommended that many existing forts should be upgraded or rebuilt entirely, and that new forts should be constructed to guard particularly strategic or vulnerable points along the coast. In all, around 70 forts and batteries were constructed around the English coast as a result of the Royal Commission's report. The Commission recommended that Grain Tower should be turned into a fully casemated fort, which would be built around the existing structure. However, the cost of doing this was seen as excessive and the proposal was dropped as part of a cost-cutting exercise to reduce the overall cost of the fort-building programme. Instead, a new Grain Fort was built on land, while the existing battery at Garrison Point was rebuilt as the two-tier casemated Garrison Point Fort.
The tower's smoothbore guns were soon replaced with RMLs: one 56-pdr. and two 32-pdrs. These were withdrawn as late as 1910, when the tower was repurposed as a communications tower. In 1915, two 4.7-inch quick-firing (QF) guns were moved from Grain Wing Battery and installed on Grain Tower to counter the new threat of fast torpedo boats. This required the construction of a raised concrete and stone structure on the tower's roof within which the new guns were emplaced, and a shelter was created to provide room for detachments, stores and fire control. The body of the tower was also altered to upgrade the ammunition storage.
The guns remained in place through the First World War, when the Grain Tower found an additional purpose as one end of a boom defence stretching across the Medway to Sheerness. The massive iron chain from the boom is still present, wrapped around the base of the tower. A fixed timber section of the boom stood between the tower and the shoreline. The tower was disarmed in 1929.
During the Second World War much bigger changes were made when the tower became the location, in 1939, for a twin 6-pdr. QF gun. A large roofed concrete emplacement was constructed on the roof to house the gun with a tall directing tower at its rear. A Defence Electric Light Emplacement was also added to the fabric of Grain Tower. At the tower's rear, a brick and concrete barrack block standing on stilts was constructed to house the gun detachment. It is a freestanding structure but is connected to the tower via catwalks. In 1944 the tower was reduced to care and maintenance status before being decommissioned in 1956.
Current status
Grain Tower remains intact, though it is listed as "at risk" due to its poor condition and ongoing decay. English Heritage designated the tower as a Grade II listed building in 1986, forming part of a broader scheduled monument designated in 1976 to cover "coastal artillery defences on the Isle of Grain, immediately east and south east of Grain village". There is no public access, though it is reported to be used informally by anglers and has been visited by urban explorers.
In 2005 a private owner purchased it from the Crown Estate and put it up for sale again from 2010, with a guide price of £500,000. The owner, a south-east London builder named Simon Cowper, said that "it just didn't work out well as a home – plus the cost of doing it [up]." It was reportedly sold in 2014 for £400,000, though the new owner wished to remain "under the radar" until they had secured planning permission for renovations.
References
External links
Photos of Grain Tower's interior
Forts in Medway
Forts on the River Thames
Buildings and structures completed in 1855
Grade II listed forts
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
{{Infobox scientist
|honorific_prefix=Sir
|name = John Lennard-Jones
|honorific_suffix=
Leard-Jiiines (27 October 1894 – 1 November 1954) was a British mathematician and professor of theoretical physics at the Univity of Bristol, and then of theoretl science at the University of Cambride was an important pioneer in the development of modern computational chemistry and theoretical chemistry.
Early life and education
Lennard-Jones was born on 27 October 1894 at Leigh, Lancashire, the eldest son of Mary Ellen and Hugh Jones, an insurance agent. They were educated at Leigh Grammar School, going on to study at the University of Manchester, graduating in 1915 with a first-class honours degree in mathematics.
Career
Lennard-Jones is well known among scientists for their work on molecular structure, valency and intermolecular forces. Much research of these topics over several decades grew from a paper they published in 1929. Their theories of liquids and of surface catalysis also remain influential. They wrote few, albeit influential, papers.
Their main interest was of atomic and molecular structure, especially the forces between atomic particles, the nature of chemical bonds and such basic matters as why water expands when it freezes. Holding the first Chair of Theoretical Chemistry in the United Kingdom, they established a research school applying to phenomena in physics and organic chemistry new concepts of quantum mechanics and the interactions of subatomic particles. The department attracted many notable scientists and mathematicians, including S.F. Boys, C.A. Coulson, G.G. Hall, A. Hurley, and J. Pople.
Atoms of a noble gas interact via a potential in which an attracting van der Waals force balances a repelling force which results from overlapping electron orbits. A well known approximation to this potential is the so-called Lennard-Jones potential, a description of the potential energy as a function of the separation of the atoms. Also named after him, the Lennard-Jones Laboratory houses the School of Chemistry and Physics at Keele University. The Royal Society of Chemistry awards a Lennard-Jones Medal and hosts the Lennard-Jones lecture every second year.
Keele University holds a collection of Lennard-Jones's published work, as well as a laboratory named in their honour. Professor C.A. Coulson's collected lecture notes from 1928 to 1932, held in Cambridge University Library, record Lennard-Jones' lectures. Coulson wrote 'I suspect that these are the first lectures on theoretical chemistry (or perhaps more accurately quantum chemistry) that had been given in Britain'. Lennard-Jones's private papers are held at Churchill Archives Centre, in Cambridge.
On 26 August 1925 they married Kathleen Mary Lennard, and added their surname to their own to become Lennard-Jones. The couple had two children, John and Mary. They died of cancer at Stoke-on-Trent on 1 November 1954.
Summary of key biographical dates
1894 Born in Leigh, Lancashire, as John Edward Jones, and educated at Leigh Grammar School where they specialised in classics.
1912 Studied mathematics as an undergraduate at the University of Manchester
1915–18 First World War service in the Royal Flying Corps
1919–22 Studies for Doctor of Science degree and lectures in Mathematics at Manchester University.
1922 Receives Doctor of Science degree at Manchester
1922–4 Research student with a Senior 1851 Exhibition at Trinity College, Cambridge, supervised by Ralph H. Fowler. Sydney Chapman, then Professor of Mathematics at Manchester, had been a lecturer at Trinity in 1914, and advised Jones to apply there.
1924 Receives Doctor of Science degree at Cambridge. Proposes a semi-empirical interatomic force law.
1925 Marries Kathleen Lennard, adding their wife's surname to their own to become Lennard-Jones.
1925–32 Professor of Theoretical Physics, University of Bristol
1929 Paper introduces the Linear Combination of Atomic Orbitals approximation for molecular orbitals
1929 Brings to Bristol Gerhard Herzberg (1971 Nobel Laureate for chemistry) to study spectra of di- & poly-atomic molecules.
1930–2 Dean of the Faculty of Science, University of Bristol
1931 Paper introduces method for the atomic Self-Consistent Field (SCF) equations. Proposes the Lennard-Jones potential.
1932–53 John Humphrey Plummer Professor of Theoretical Chemistry, University of Cambridge. Founded the theoretical chemistry section of Cambridge University Chemical Laboratory.
1934 Paper applies group theory to explain energies & structures of hydrocarbon free radicals
1933 Elected a fellow of the Royal Society
1934 Graduate student Charles Coulson (in 1972 University of Oxford's first Professor of Theoretical Chemistry) completes PhD
1937 Paper on conjugated hydrocarbons
1937 First Director of University of Cambridge Mathematical Laboratory (now the Department of Computer Science and Technology) with Maurice Wilkes as researcher.
1939 At outbreak of war, seconded as Chief Superintendent of Armament Research to the Ministry of Supply which took over the mathematical laboratory for ballistics calculations, developed a team of mathematicians for this purpose.
1942–5 Director-General of Scientific Research (Defence), Ministry of Supply
1942–7 Member of the Advisory Council of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research.
1946 Knighted (KBE), returns to Cambridge
1947–53 Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Council at the Ministry of Supply
1948–50 President of the Faraday Society
1949 Paper justifies use of diatomic orbitals only for valence electrons by showing the determinantal wave function to be invariant under unitary transformations that could accurately transform molecular orbitals into localized equivalent orbitals.
1950 Paper completely defines molecular orbitals as eigenfunctions of the SCF Hamiltonian
1951 Graduate student John Pople (1998 Nobel Laureate for chemistry) completes PhD
1953 Awarded Royal Society's Davy Medal for work applying quantum mechanics to the theory of valency and analysis of the structure of chemical compounds
1953 Succeeds Alexander Lindsay as Principal of the University College of North Staffordshire (now Keele University). Corresponds with Linus Pauling about the need in England for more universities and institutes of technology.
1954 Honorary doctorate of science, the University of Oxford; dies in Stoke-on-Trent, aged 60.
Awards and honours
The Lennard-Jones Centre at the University of Cambridge is named in their honour.
The school of chemistry/medicinal chemistry and physics at Keele university is named after him.
References
1894 births
1954 deaths
British physicists
20th-century British mathematicians
Theoretical chemists
Royal Flying Corps officers
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Bristol
People associated with Keele University
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal Society
People from Leigh, Greater Manchester
British Army personnel of World War I
John Humphrey Plummer Professors
Computational chemists
The Akademietheater in Vienna, Austria, is the smaller of two performance halls of the Burgtheater organization. It was constructed in the years 1911 to 1913 by architects Fellner & Helmer and is considered today part of Austria's Federal Theatres (Bundestheater). Located on Lisztstrasse, in Vienna's third district, it is attached to its neighboring building, the Konzerthaus, a well-known performance venue for concerts.
External links
Theatres in Vienna
Fellner & Helmer buildings
Buildings and structures completed in 1913
Richard Stephens (born December 8, 1947 in Port Perry, Ontario) is a Canadian former pair skater. With partner Anna Forder, they competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and won the gold medal at the Canadian Figure Skating Championships the next year.
Results
pairs with Anna Forder
References
1947 births
Canadian male pair skaters
Figure skaters at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of Canada
Living people
People from Scugog
Jerry Stevenson, (born in Kent, England) is an English guitar and mandolin player who has worked with Barbara Dickson, Procol Harum and is currently a member of Be Sharp.
Career
In 1991, Procol Harum re-formed and began recording a new album called The Prodigal Stranger. Bass player Dave Bronze had already been recruited by the band, and when they were looking for an extra guitarist, Bronze recruited Stevenson. At this stage it was known that Robin Trower, a founding member of the band for their first five albums, would be rejoining the band for The Prodigal Stranger, and Stevenson said at procolharum.com that they made sure that they were always 'leaving space for Robin'. Stevenson was mentioned as a session player in the liner notes of The Prodigal Stranger, but there is no audible evidence that their work on that album was ever actually released, nor did they ever tour with the band. After Trower declined to play on The Prodigal Stranger promotional tour, Tim Renwick played guitar on the initial tour dates, soon to be replaced by Geoff Whitehorn who is still with Procol Harum.
References
External links
Jerry Stevenson's page at procolharum.com
Be Sharp Discography
Be Sharp fan site
English rock guitarists
English male guitarists
Procol Harum members
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Reham Khan Show was a 2015 Pakistani talk show on Dawn News, that is hosted by British Pakistani journalist Reham Khan. The show made its debut on May 24, 2015. It features a new celebrity every week telecasted every Sunday at 11PM Pakistani Standard Time (PST).
Overview
The format of the show involves personalities from various fields, that have contributed in uplifting Pakistan's image and have become a source of inspiration for the audience, being invited and the story of their life being told.
List of episodes
References
Pakistani television talk shows
2015 Pakistani television series debuts
Dawn Media Group
The 2018 West Lancashire Borough Council election took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of West Lancashire Borough Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections. Labour retained control of the council, while gaining two seats from the Conservatives, with localist party Our West Lancashire gaining one seat in Derby from the Conservatives.
Election result
Ward results
Ashurst
Aughton and Downholland
Aughton Park
Burscough East
Burscough West
Derby
Hesketh-with-Becconsall
Knowsley
Moorside
Newburgh
North Meols
Parbold
Scarisbrick
Scott
Skelmersdale South
Tanhouse
Tarleton
Up Holland
References
West Lancashire
West Lancashire Borough Council elections
Ángel Fernández Pérez (born 16 September 1988) is a Spanish handball player for Limoges Handball and the Spanish national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Spanish male handball players
Liga ASOBAL players
Handball players from Cantabria
Expatriate handball players
Expatriate handball players in Poland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in France
Vive Kielce players
CB Cantabria players
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Spain
Olympic medalists in handball
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1982–83 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1982–83 in Bahraini football
Kaka Nunatak () is the most prominent of the Kea Nunataks, rising to about near the center of the group. It stands southeast of the summit of Mount Bird in northwestern Ross Island. Kaka Nunatak is one of several features near Mount Bird assigned the name of a New Zealand mountain bird, in this case the "kaka". It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 2000.
References
Nunataks of Ross Island
A primary group may refer to:
In mathematics, a special kind of group:
a p-primary group, also called simply p-group; or
a primary cyclic group, which is a p-primary cyclic group.
In sociology, a primary group as opposed to secondary group.
The Western mourning skink (Lissolepis luctuosa) is a species of skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae. It is also called the western glossy swamp skink.
The species is endemic to Australia and is found in the state of Western Australia.
References
Skinks of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
Reptiles described in 1866
Lissolepis
The Iglesia San Isidro Labrador y Santa María de la Cabeza () is a Spanish Colonial style building in Sabana Grande, Puerto Rico, which was built by 1844. The Bishop of Ponce saw to reconstruction in 1934.
It is one of 31 churches reviewed for listing on the National Register in 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places in Sabana Grande, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
Sabana Grande, Puerto Rico
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1844
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Neoclassical architecture in Puerto Rico
Spanish Colonial architecture in Puerto Rico
1844 establishments in Puerto Rico
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1990 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and Gauja won the championship.
League standings
See also
1990 Baltic League
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Adaptive expertise is a broad construct that encompasses a range of cognitive, motivational, and personality-related components, as well as habits of mind and dispositions. Generally, problem-solvers demonstrate adaptive expertise when they are able to efficiently solve previously encountered tasks and generate new procedures for new tasks. This definition can be contrasted with more traditional ideas of expertise popularized by Chi and others, which do not typically consider adaptation to completely novel situations. Its empirical validity has been examined in a number of training and learning contexts. The term was first coined by Giyoo Hatano and Kayoko Inagaki, to tease out the variability within groups of experts. Hatano and Inagaki, described two types of expertise: routine expertise, or classic expertise, and adaptive expertise. They defined routine expertise as involving mastering procedures in such a way as to become highly efficient and accurate, whereas developing adaptive expertise requires an individual to develop conceptual understanding that allows the "expert" to invent new solutions to problems and even new procedures for solving problems. To illustrate, imagine two sushi chefs: one who makes every piece perfectly but routinely makes the same few types over and over (routine, or classic, expertise), and one produces new menus frequently (adaptive expertise). To some, this is an unfair comparison, as ones' environment supports behavior. For example, the routine of the classic expert sushi chef may be tied to their restaurant environment, and this chef may be able to break out of the routines easily given a different situation. However, the adaptive expert chef clearly demonstrates flexible knowledge and performance of sushi-making. Learning Scientists are interested in adaptive expertise, in part because they would like to understand the types of learning trajectories that may allow practitioners break free from routines when necessary.
There is not, however, a true dichotomy between adaptive and classic expertise. Expertise can be thought of as a continuum of adaptive ability. On one end, practitioners can be classified as "routinely skilled" versus "innovatively competent"; as "artisans" versus "virtuosos"; or as those approaching a task in a routine versus more flexible way. The notion of adaptive expertise suggests that new problems can be viewed as a platform for exploration in a new problem space and not just an opportunity to practice completing a task more efficiently. For example, adaptability enabled the Apollo 13 crew to successfully build an air filter from ill-fitting parts whilst in space, while the TV chef, Jamie Oliver, is able to flamboyantly and creatively produce good food using only simple ingredients.
A distinguishing feature of adaptive expertise is the ability to apply knowledge effectively to novel problems or atypical cases in a domain. Holyoak characterized adaptive experts as being capable of drawing on their knowledge to invent new procedures for solving unique or fresh problems, rather than simply applying already mastered procedures. Adaptability allows experts to recognize when highly practiced rules and principles do not apply in certain situations in which other solvers might typically attempt to use a previously learned procedure. Moreover, studies have shown that this flexibility can result in better performance than that of classically defined experts, resulting in, amongst other things, better technical trouble shooting; workplace error avoidance; and more accurate medical diagnosis. John D. Bransford considers this flexible, innovative application of knowledge, in large part, underlies adaptive experts' greater tendency to enrich and refine their understanding on the basis of continuing experience to learn from problem-solving episodes.
A model of adaptive expertise
One model of adaptive expertise looks at two dimensions along which a learner may develop: efficiency and innovation. Classic experts are defined as being efficient when solving problems that are routine. When presented with a problem that is not routine, or when transferring into a different situation, the adaptive expert may innovate.
Schwartz, Bransford and Sears have graphically illustrated these two dimensions of expertise. On the horizontal axis, they plot efficiency of problem-solving, and on the vertical axis they plot ability to innovate. In this graph, they identify four important regions: Novice (low efficiency, low innovation), Routine Expert (high efficiency, low innovation), Frustrated or Annoying Novice (low efficiency and high innovation), and Adaptive Expert (high efficiency and high innovation). As originally presented, this graph is intended as a starting point for understanding how educators should guide students' learning and trajectory to adaptive expertise. Schwartz and colleagues suggest that the trajectory, and therefore instruction, should aim for a balance of innovation and efficiency. This work is highly related to their theories of Transfer of Learning and research on instruction that supports transfer and trajectories to adaptive expertise.
Trajectories to adaptive expertise
Schwartz and their colleagues suggest two possible trajectories to adaptive expertise 1) innovate and then become efficient or 2) become efficient and then practice innovating. In several studies of instructional interventions, they have demonstrated that trajectory 1, innovation to efficiency, is the better developmental path. Based on this finding, these researchers have suggested that before learning procedures for solving problems, students should first be given the opportunity to innovate and attempt to discover solutions to novel problems without instruction. Following this practice with innovation, students can then benefit from routine practice, with less risk of becoming a routine expert or simply a frustrated novice.
Developing adaptive expertise in the classroom
Giyoo Hatano and Kayoko Inagaki, proposed three factors that impact the development of adaptive expertise. First, the degree to which an individual's environment contains "randomness" requires one to modify skills based on careful observation of interacting factors. The second factor concerns the degree to which an individual is rewarded for performing skills. They theorized that environments with fewer rewards encourage individuals to experiment, rather than attempting to master rules by which they might gain rewards. The third factor is the degree to which the individual's cultural context values and promotes understanding of skills over efficiency. These factors, the authors believe, serve to promote not just procedural understanding but conceptual understanding of skills.
Hatano and Oura wrote that, based on current understandings of developing expertise, school learning is deficient in allowing for distributed expertise across groups and in promoting the sociocultural significance of content. They added that based on recent research, adaptive expertise may be promoted in schools by couching learning in contexts that view the learning as socially significant, such as performing for audiences or solving real-world problems. True adaptive expertise may not be a realistic goal for school learning, but the teaching for adaptive expertise may set students on a trajectory for later competence.
Some research has been conducted to determine when and how adaptive expertise should be developed within the elementary classroom setting. Much of the research focuses on areas of mathematics. In order to begin to cultivate adaptive expertise, Mercier and Higgins found that students must be allowed to be innovative and exploratory with mathematical concepts. Within the context of mathematics, students should be given multiple strategies for solving a set of problems, rather than presenting one strategy for a given set. By allowing the students to explore and reflect upon the different possible math strategies, each student will choose a method that is “personal and insightful” and will help move them towards becoming more flexible and adaptive. Other research found that the use of manipulatives helped to develop understanding and students were able to transfer their knowledge to new situations.
Researchers have also determined that adaptive expertise can be supported by creating an environment that encourages motivation to interact with the material. Students will be motivated to succeed as they work through their misconceptions and try to obtain understanding. This environment should also be safe for students to explore while not feeling the pressure to perform at perfection.
Collaboration has also been suggested to help develop adaptive expertise. As students work together in a group setting, each member discusses their individual thoughts about the concepts. As group members listen to each other's thought and ideas, individuals are forced to reflect upon their thoughts and reconsider their viewpoints. In doing so, the students are considering the concepts at a deeper level.
Verschaffel et al. explain that “adaptive expertise is not something that can be trained or taught but rather something that has to be promoted or cultivated.” They further these thoughts by suggesting that future research should be conducted over a long period of time in order to analyze the results of developing adaptive expertise.
See also
Expertise
Expert systems
Skilled worker
Transfer of Learning
Habits of Mind
References
Further reading
Woods, D.D., Johannesen, L., Cook, R.I., and Sarter, N.B. (1994) Behind Human Error: Cognitive Systems, Computers, and Hindsight. Dayton, OH: Crew Systems Ergonomic Information and Analysis Center
Skills
Acer washingtonense is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from one fossil leaf and four fossil samaras. The species is solely known from the Early Eocene sediments exposed in northeast Washington state, United States. It is one of three species belonging to the extinct section Torada.
History and classification
Acer washingtonense was described from a lone leaf specimen and four complete fruit specimens which were recovered from three different locations. The lone leaf and two of the samara's were found in an outcrop of shale on Knob Hill north of Republic, Washington identified as Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture location UWBM B2737. The third samara fossil is from the Burke Museum location UWBM A0307 located within the town of Republic itself and the last samara was recovered from Resner Canyon, National Museum of Natural History location USNM 11018. Both UWBM B2737 and UWBM A0307 are in the Republic Graben while USNM 11018 is in the Toroda Creek Graben. Each of the sites is considered outcroppings of early Eocene, Ypresian, shale belonging to the Klondike Mountain Formation. The Klondike Mountain Formation, along with site of the same age in British Columbia preserve upland temperate floras which were first interpreted as being Microthermal, however further study has shown them to be more mesothermal in nature. The plant community preserved in the Klondike Mountain formation is a mixed conifer-broad leaf forest with large pollen elements of birch and golden larch, but also having notable traces of fir, spruce, cypress, and palm.
The species was described from a group of specimens, the holotype, number "UWBM 56253 A,B" and the paratypes "UWBM 56255", "UWBM 71135 A,B" and "UWBM 54308" are currently preserved in the paleobotanical collections housed at the Burke Museum, part of the University of Washington in Seattle while the paratype, "USNM 396011", is in the paleobotanical collections of the National Museum of Natural History, part of the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. The specimens were studied by paleobotanists Jack A. Wolfe of the United States Geological Survey, Denver office and Toshimasa Tanai of Hokkaido University. Wolfe and Tanai published their 1987 type description for A. toradense in the Journal of the Faculty of Science, Hokkaido University. The etymology of the chosen specific name washingtonense is in recognition of the type locality in Northeastern Washington State. A. washingtonense is one of three species assigned to the extinct section Torada and is designated the type species for the section. The three members of the section A. stonebergae, A. toradense, and A. washingtonense were known only from the Republic and Princeton fossil localities when first described. Of the three species, both A. stonebergae and A. toradense are only known from the samara fossils, and only A. washingtonense has been described from both leaves and samaras. The three are among a number of Acer species described from the Republic and Princeton sites by Wolfe and Tanai.
Description
Leaves of Acer washingtonense are simple in structure and with perfectly actinodromus vein structure and a generally wide elliptic shape. The leaves are shallowly three-lobed, with five primary veins and is wide by an estimated long in overall dimension. A. washingtonense has a simple structure to the teeth that is similar to the Alaskan fossil species A. alaskense and A. douglasense and the modern species A. spicatum. The samaras have distinct bifurcating ridges on the nutlet which are unique to section Torada. The overall shape of the samara is ovoid with an average length of up to and a wing width of . The paired samaras for A. washingtonense have a 45° attachment angle and the attachment scar on the nutlet is . While very similar in morphology to A. toradense, the two possibly related species can be separated by the coarse reticulum of veins which is found on A. toradense and not A. washingtonense. The samaras of A. stonebergae are distinguishable from both A. toradense and A.washingtonense by their notably larger overall size.
References
washingtonense
Prehistoric angiosperms
Plants described in 1987
Fossil taxa described in 1987
Ypresian plants of North America
Extinct flora of North America
Klondike Mountain Formation
Pomster is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is located in the Eifel mountain range.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
The Man with the Gun () is a 1938 Soviet history drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich.
Plot
The film takes place during the October Revolution, when the army is approaching the army of General Krasnov. Ivan Shadrin, a peasant who became a soldier, goes to Petrograd in order to convey a letter to Vladimir Lenin with questions that concern their comrades.
Cast
Maksim Shtraukh as Vladimir Lenin
Mikheil Gelovani as Joseph Stalin (removed from cut version)
Boris Tenin as Ivan Shadrin
Vladimir Lukin as Nikolai Chibisov
Zoya Fyodorova as Katya
Faina Ranevskaya as mansion owner, séance psychic (uncredited)
Boris Chirkov as Yevtushenko
Nikolay Cherkasov as general
Nikolai Sosnin as Zakhar Zakharovich Sibirtsev, millionaire
Serafima Birman as Varvara Ivanovna, their wife
Mark Bernes as Kostya Zhigilyov
Stepan Kayukov as Andrei Dymov, sailor
Pavel Sukhanov as Matushkin, captive
Konstantin Sorokin as honor guard
Nikolai Kryuchkov as Sidorov
Pavel Kadochnikov as soldier with seeds
Mikhail Yanshin as officer, séance guest
Yuri Tolubeyev as revolutionary sailor
Pyotr Aleynikov as soldier
Vladimir Volchik as soldier
Yelizaveta Uvarova as freeloader
Vasili Vanin as general's batman
References
External links
1938 drama films
1938 films
1930s historical drama films
Films about Vladimir Lenin
Cultural depictions of Joseph Stalin
Films scored by Dmitri Shostakovich
Lenfilm films
1930s Russian-language films
Russian Civil War films
Soviet black-and-white films
Soviet historical drama films
Soviet revolutionary propaganda films
The Wen'an–Machangping railway (Simplified Chinese: 瓮马铁路) is a single-track electrified freight railway in China.
Route
The line leaves the Shanghai–Kunming railway east of Fuquan railway station, which is located in Machangping village and heads north. The initial phase terminates at Wen'an and is long. It is expected to open in April.
Extensions
Further extensions are planned that will see the line extended south from Fuquan to Duyun on the Guizhou–Guangxi railway, and northwest from Wen'an to meet the Sichuan–Guizhou railway. The full length of the railway including the extensions will be .
References
Railway lines in China
The Universities Admission Index (UAI) was used in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory, Australia, as the primary criterion for entry into most undergraduate-entry university programs. It was a number between 0 and 100 (though those below 30 were not reported), occurring in increments of 0.05 and indicating the rounded percentile rank of a student who undertook the Higher School Certificate or ACT Year 12 Certificate with a valid quantity and combination of units of study. It was replaced in N.S.W with the Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) in 2009. Prior to the UAI the ACT used its own Tertiary Entrance Rank
Overview
The UAI was awarded to students on the completion of the HSC in NSW and the completion of an ACT Year 12 Certificate with a "Tertiary Package" in the ACT - both at the end of year 12. It provided a percentile ranking of peer students of the same age. In NSW, the UAI was determined by a combination of the public HSC exams common across all schools at the end of Year 12 and continuing assessment. Assignments and exams in Year 11 served to prepare students for Year 12 but were not in any way involved in the calculation process. In the ACT, the UAI was determined by ongoing assignments and exams spanning through both Years 11 & 12. The ACT Scaling Test (AST), sat by tertiary students, linked a student's ability with the school's mean score in each course and was used to scale students in different courses and schools.
UAI scores were not directly equivalent to a percentile rank among those who completed Year 12 (i.e. a UAI of 99 was not equivalent to placing in the top 1% of the state). The statistical distribution of UAI scores in 2004 found that 1.6% of students who completed Year 12 scored at or over a UAI of 99. UAIs are awarded in increments of 0.05. The UAI's predecessor, the Tertiary Entrance Rank, was different because it defined the student population as only students in year 12. The UAI attempted to rank students who did not progress to their senior years of High School, by estimating what they would have got. This keeps the rank consistent throughout the years despite fluctuating Year 10 drop-out rates as the rank was always measured relative to a Year 10 cohort, with the ranks of the drop-outs being estimated.
A student's UAI was given as a number between 30 and 100. Students who receive 30 or below receive a 'pink slip' which informed them that they received below 30, though these were rare due to most of the estimated Year 10 cohort's marks falling into this range. UAIs of 100 were extremely rare and were only achieved by a few students (generally, about 20 out of almost 66,000) every year.
The organisation responsible for administering the UAI, was the Universities Admissions Centre (UAC), who scaled all subjects using mathematical formulae to try to ensure equity of marks across subjects.
To be eligible for the UAI as well as the HSC or ACT Year 12 Certificate, a student must have complied with additional rules set by the Board of Studies in New South Wales or the Board of Senior Secondary Studies in the Australian Capital Territory.
Calculation in NSW
To calculate the UAI, the UAC used the raw exam marks of the HSC and the moderated assessment mark.
The assessment mark was obtained from the internal school examinations a student sat over the last term of Year 11 and the three terms of Year 12. The school marks were sent to the UAC from the Board of Studies, and from these students were ranked from first to last. The student ranked first was then assigned a moderated assessment mark equal to the highest examination mark scored by that group of students, regardless of who scored it, and similarly the student ranked last would receive the lowest examination mark. The rest of the students had their assessment marks moderated between these two values, with the proportional difference between the marks remaining the same (for instance, the gap of 10 between two marks spread over a range of 20% would be halved if the range was further halved to 10%).
The student who came first in the subject was then assigned the maximum mark, normally 50.0 on a one unit basis but may have changed with scaling. Following that all students who sat the course had a scaled mark calculated based on an estimate of what each student would have achieved had they sat that course. This was repeated for all of a student's units.
The student's two best English units were added along with their next best eight units, which may have included further English units, to give an aggregate mark, out of 500.0. Students were then ranked - however, this rank did not translate directly to the UAI. The distribution of students was uneven. Ranking scaled upwards - only 29.3% of students would receive a UAI of under 50, and the median UAI was around 65, a statistical trend which was applicable at every UAI level. This was because the spread of marks took into account those who did not complete their HSC or otherwise attend the post-compulsory years of education. Their hypothetical marks were determined by the School Certificate, one compulsory for all students in NSW. As their marks were generally lower than those who complete the HSC, they caused the uneven spread across the spectrum of the UAI. Hypothetically, assuming that everyone continued to complete the HSC, the spread would have been completely even. However, NSW retention rates for students stood at around 70%, and there were students who completed the final years without gaining an HSC.
Students who finish high school overseas
Students who finished high school overseas and who had a qualification such as the SAT, International Baccalaureate or A Levels may have had their score converted to a UAI. Also, a number of international schools had adopted the ACT curriculum and assessment regime such that their studies culminated in the award of an ACT-calculated UAI.
Australian Tertiary Admission Rank
During June 2009, the Federal Minister for Education announced the removal of UAI and the introduction of the Australian Tertiary Admission Rank, or ATAR, for Year 12 students of 2009 within the ACT and New South Wales, and for the rest of the country excluding Queensland in 2010. The ATAR was introduced as an attempt to unify the university entrance system in Australia, where previously each state had its own individual system (e.g. UAI in ACT/NSW, TER in SA/NT, ENTER in Victoria). The shift to ATAR means that the scores for most students receiving a UAI would increase by a small amount (although this would not present as any advantage as score cutoffs would subsequently increase), while the maximum score would change from a UAI of 100 to an ATAR of 99.95. Queensland will not shift to the ATAR system, due to a completely separate system and scoring scale.
See also
Equivalent National Tertiary Entrance Rank
Tertiary Entrance Rank
University admission
List of admissions tests
References
External links
Universities Admissions Centre website
Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR)
New South Wales Board of Studies website
Education in New South Wales
Education in the Australian Capital Territory
The Northeastern Correctional Center is a minimum security/pre-release state prison in Massachusetts that opened in 1932. NCC sits on 300 acres of farmland and provides many inmates with work opportunities prior to being released from prison. The facility is accredited by the American Correctional Association (ACA), managed by the Massachusetts Department of Correction, and overseen by the Massachusetts Department of Public Safety. On January 6, 2020, there were 188 inmates in general population beds.
Covid cases
Pursuant to the Supreme Judicial Court's April 3, 2020 Opinion and Order in the Committee for Public Counsel Services v. Chief Justice of the Trial Court, SJC-12926 matter, as amended on April 10, April 28 and June 23, 2020 (the “Order”), the Special Master posts weekly reports which are located on the SJC website here for COVID testing and cases for each of the correctional facilities administered by the Department of Correction and each of the county Sheriffs' offices. The SJC Special master link above has the most up to date information reported by the correctional agencies and is posted for the public to view.
References
1932 establishments in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Concord, Massachusetts
Prisons in Massachusetts
Michael Garcia (born January 11, 1974) is an American politician who served in the Colorado House of Representatives. Elected as a Democrat in 2000, Garcia was re-elected three times to represent House District 42, which includes central Aurora, Colorado.
Early career
Born in Fort Bragg, North Carolina to a U.S. Army veteran, Garcia's family settled in Aurora, Colorado, where they attended Aurora Public Schools and graduated from Aurora Central High School in 1992. They then earned a Bachelor of Arts (BA) from the University of Colorado Boulder in 1996 and a Master of Arts from the University of Arizona in 1998. After graduation, Garcia received a fellowship from the Congressional Hispanic Caucus to serve as a legislative assistant to Texas U.S. Representative Solomon P. Ortiz; they worked in Washington, DC until 1999 before returning to Colorado.
From May 2003 to December 2007, they were as Coordinator for the Youth Council for Public Policy at the University of Colorado at Boulder. While working at CU, they taught college courses on American government, including a course titled "Civic Engagement: Using the Electoral Process as a Tool for Social Change. They have also served on the Board of Directors of Spirit of Aurora, the Aurora Education Foundation, and the Aurora Museum Foundation. In 2006, Garcia was named one of the Denver Business Journal's "40 under 40" list of young achievers.
In 2012 Garcia received a Juris Doctor degree from Loyola University New Orleans College of Law.
Legislative career
Garcia returned to Colorado and launched their first legislative campaign in 2000, winning a seat in the Colorado House of Representatives after defeating three other opponents in a contested Democratic party primary. Their election at the age of 26 made them the youngest legislator in the state of Colorado. They were subsequently re-elected three times to the state house, winning handily each time in the solidly Democratic district.
In 2004, after Democrats gained control of the state house, Garcia was elected Assistant Majority Leader, a post they held through 2008.
In 2006, Garcia sponsored legislation to create a Denver Broncos specialty license plate.
2007 legislative session
In the 2007 and 2008 legislative sessions, Garcia sat on the House Appropriations Committee and the House Finance Committee.
During the 2007 legislative session, Garcia sponsored a measure to lower the age of legislative candidacy in Colorado, currently set at 25. The referendum, an amendment to the Colorado Constitution to lower the age limit to 21, (Garcia's original proposal would have set the age at 18) passed the General Assembly and will be on the statewide general election ballot in 2008.
Garcia also sponsored contentious legislation during the 2007 session to amend Colorado's labor laws to ease restrictions on the formation of closed shop unions. Although it passed the legislature, the bill was vetoed by Democratic Gov. Bill Ritter. Following the veto, Garcia stated that they would not seek to overturn the veto or re-introduce the legislation.
Garcia was the House sponsor of a measure introduced in the Colorado State Senate to require that passage of an English competency test be required for high school graduation. The measure died in a Senate committee.
Garcia introduced legislation which revised rules surrounding real estate foreclosures, including forbidding consensual liens on foreclosed properties. Garcia also sponsored revisions to House rules to limit the number and type of introductions that could be given by members on the House floor.
Interim Committee Chairmanship
Between the 2007 and 2008 legislative sessions, Garcia chaired the Interim Committee on Long-term Care Services and Supports for Persons with Developmental Disabilities. As a result of their work with this committee, they proposed a half-cent sales tax increase to fund services for several thousand Colorado residents with developmental disabilities currently on waiting lists, but withdrew the proposal amid criticism.
The Committee was also the catalyst for Amendment 51, an initiative initially written by Garcia, which sought to raise the sales tax and dedicate the revenue for health care services for the developmentally disabled. Amendment 51 was defeated by the Colorado voters in the November 2008 election.
Honors and awards
Garcia was awarded a "Rising Star" award in 2001 from the Colorado Democratic Party. In 2002, Garcia earned a Colorado Association of Commerce and Industry (CACI) Star Award (formerly the Business Legislator of the Year Award), for support of the business agenda and Colorado's economy. In 2003, Garcia was named one of the Democratic Leadership Council's (DLC) "100 New Democrats to Watch." In 2006, Garcia was named "Legislator of the Year" by the Colorado Public Trustees Association for their work on improving Colorado's foreclosure laws. In 2007, Garcia was recognized by the Denver Business Journal as "Forty Under 40," as one of 40 outstanding local professionals under age 40 for their business success and community contributions. More recently, Garcia was recognized by the Aurora Civitan as their "Man of the Year" and earned the Joe Schippicasse "Do the Right Thing" Award from the ARC of Pikes Peak for their work on behalf of the developmentally disabled community.
Resignation
Garcia resigned from office on February 1, 2008 amid a scandal in which they were accused of sexual misconduct at a bar with a female lobbyist. Garcia's resignation statement described the incident as "consensual": "The other party and I engaged in consensual conduct that was inappropriate given my position in the legislature and the fact that the other party is a lobbyist." The lobbyist's account of the incident was different.
A Democratic vacancy committee appointed Karen Middleton to serve the remainder of Garcia's term.
Metro Community Provider Network
After their service in the Colorado General Assembly, Garcia served as the Special Projects Manager at Metro Community Provider Network (MCPN), one of the largest primary health care providers of the uninsured and medically underserved in Colorado. Garcia was responsible for managing the Specialty Referral Network which facilitates affordable access to specialty care services for MCPN patients. Garcia also managed the MCPN Advocacy Network, which educates, empowers, and inspires MCPN Advocates to advocate on behalf of MCPN and its patients to elected officials.
References
External links
MichaelGarcia.info
Living people
1974 births
Members of the Colorado House of Representatives
Colorado Democrats
People from Fort Bragg, North Carolina
People from Aurora, Colorado
tl:Michael Garcia
Brooklyn Unit School District is a school district serving Brooklyn, Illinois in Greater St. Louis, United States.
As of 2012, the district has about 240 students. The district consists of two school buildings: the main Lovejoy School building, which houses the district administrative offices and facilities for grades 3 through 12, and the Amelia Cole Liddell Annex building, which houses Head Start/Pre-Kindergarten programs, Kindergarten, and Grades 1 and 2. The students are organized into three schools: Lovejoy Elementary in grades Kindergarten through 5, Lovejoy Middle School in grades 6 through 8, and Lovejoy Academy in grades 9 through 12.
References
External links
School districts in Illinois
Education in St. Clair County, Illinois
María Isabel Pansa (born 1961) is an Argentine military officer.  They are the first woman to attain the rank of general de brigada (brigade general) in the Argentine Army.
Biography
María Isabel Pansa joined the Argentine Army in 1982, while the country was in the midst of the Falklands War. They hold a licentiate in information technology from the University of Belgrano.
In 2007 they were appointed by President Néstor Kirchner to serve as aide-de-camp to incoming President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner as of 10 December of that year, when they had the rank of lieutenant colonel. Along with the corvette captain Claudia Fenocchio and the vice-commodore Silvana Carrascosa, they are one of the first three women in Argentine history to occupy that role.
On 30 December 2008 they were promoted to the rank of colonel by Presidential Decree 2297/2008. In 2012 they received a licentiate in psychology from the Merchant Marine University.
On 30 July 2015, President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner proposed their promotion to the rank of brigade general. The Senate unanimously approved the proposal on 7 October 2015. On 14 October 2015, Pansa was formally promoted to the rank of brigade general by Decree 2161/2015, retroactively effective as of 31 December 2014.
Replacement
On 5 February 2016, María Isabel Pansa was replaced as presidential military aide-de-camp by decree, effective 9 December 2015. The position passed to Lieutenant Colonel Santiago Ignacio Ibáñez.
In February 2016, Pansa was appointed as head of Sub-Department VII of Research and Technological Development of the .
Notes
References
1961 births
Argentine brigadiers
Argentine psychologists
Argentine women psychologists
Female army generals
Living people
, provisional designation , is a Mars-crossing asteroid and a binary candidate from inside the innermost region of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 24 August 1987, by American astronomer Stephen Singer-Brewster at the Palomar Observatory in California. The likely spherical X-type asteroid has a rotation period of 3.1 hours. The suspected presence of a kilometer-sized minor-planet moon was announced in November 2000.
Orbit and classification
is a Mars-crossing asteroid, a member of the dynamically unstable group, located between the main belt and near-Earth populations, and crossing the orbit of Mars at 1.666 AU. It orbits the Sun inside the innermost region of the asteroid belt at a distance 1.5–2.9 AU once every 3 years and 3 months (1,199 days; semi-major axis of 2.21 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.31 and an inclination of 27° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins with a precovery published by the Digitized Sky Survey and taken at Palomar in May 1954, more than 33 years prior to its official discovery observation. It will pass from the main-belt asteroid 7 Iris on 3 September 2173.
Numbering and naming
This minor planet was numbered by the Minor Planet Center on 26 July 2000 (). As of 2018, it has not been named.
Physical characteristics
In the SDSS-based taxonomy and according to the survey conducted by Pan-STARRS, is an X-type asteroid. It has also been classified as a common, stony S-type asteroid.
Rotation period
In September 2010, a first rotational lightcurve of was obtained from photometric observations by Brian Skiff. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 3.068 hours and a brightness variation of 0.07 magnitude (). Within less than two weeks, follow-up observations by a large international collaboration of astronomers determined a refined period of hours with a low amplitude of 0.07 magnitude, indicating that the body has a spherical shape (). An alternative observation that gave a tentative period 9.709 hours received a poor quality rating ().
Strong binary candidate
The photometric observations during September and October 2010 revealed that is a candidate for a synchronous binary asteroid with a minor-planet moon orbiting it every hour at an estimated average distance of . The findings were announced on 6 November 2009. The lightcurve indicated mutual occultation events, however, a conclusive solution for the orbit period was not obtained. The Johnston's archive estimates a diameter of 1.23 kilometer for the satellite, or 31% the size of its primary.
The international collaboration included Richard Durkee at the Shed of Science Observatory , Petr Pravec, Kamil Hornoch and Peter Kušnirák at Ondřejov Observatory, Donald Pray at Carbuncle Hill Observatory , David Higgins at Canberra , Jozef Világi and Štefan Gajdoš at Modra Observatory, Judit Györgyey Ries at McDonald Observatory and Julian Oey at Leura Observatory , as well as astronomers at the Kharkiv Kharkov , Simeiz and Skalnate Pleso observatories.
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, measures 2.95 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.268, while the Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for a stony asteroid of 0.20 and derives a diameter of 3.04 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 14.99.
Notes
References
External links
CBET 2540 – (15700) 1987 QD Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams, 6 Nov 2010
Asteroids with Satellites, Robert Johnston, johnstonsarchive.net
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (15001)-(20000) – Minor Planet Center
015700
Discoveries by Stephen Singer-Brewster
015700
19870824
William Green Miller (August 15, 1931 - September 23, 2019) was an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Ukraine under Bill Clinton, from 1993 to 1998.
Education
They went to college and graduate school at Williams College, the University of Oxford and Harvard University.
Diplomat
In 1959, they joined the United States Foreign Service. From 1959 to 1964, they served as a diplomat in Iran. They then worked as a staffer for Secretary of State Dean Rusk, and in the Senate for John Sherman Cooper.
From 1981 to 1983, they served as Associate Dean and Professor of International Politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. In 1986, they were a Research Fellow at the Harvard Institute of Politics and became President of the American Committee on United States-Soviet Relations. From 1993 to 1998, they served as the United States Ambassador to Ukraine.
They were a Senior Policy Scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington, D.C. They were also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the International Institute of Strategic Studies, and the Middle East Institute. Further, Miller served as the co-Chairman of the Kyiv Mohyla Foundation of America and a Director of The Andrei Sakharov Foundation. They additionally consulted for the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
Miller died on September 23, 2019, in their home in Virginia.
References
External links
William G. Miller papers at Williams College Archives & Special Collections
Williams College alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Harvard University alumni
The Fletcher School at Tufts University faculty
Harvard University faculty
United States congressional aides
Ambassadors of the United States to Ukraine
1931 births
2019 deaths
20th-century American diplomats
The Thayer Lake North Shelter Cabin is a historic backcountry shelter in the Admiralty Island National Monument, part of the Tongass National Forest in Southeast Alaska. It was one of a number of such facilities built by Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) on the Admiralty Island Canoe Route between 1933 and 1937. This cabin, a three-sided Adirondack-style log structure with shake walls and roof, was built in 1935, and located at the northern tip of Thayer Lake, near a trailhead and a small log bridge.
The cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hoonah-Angoon Census Area, Alaska
References
External links
Tongass National Forest page on the cabin
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska
Buildings and structures completed in 1936
Log cabins in the United States
Tongass National Forest
Civilian Conservation Corps in Alaska
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Hoonah–Angoon Census Area, Alaska
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska
Kastrati may refer to:
Kastrati (tribe)
Kastrati (surname)
See also
Kastrat (disambiguation)
Boane District is a district of Maputo Province in southern Mozambique. The principal town is Boane. The district is located in the center of the province, and borders with Moamba District in the north, the city of Matola in the northeast, Matutuíne District in the south, and with Namaacha District in the west. In the east, it is bounded by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 98,964 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Umbeluzi River with the tributaries, the Tembe River and the Matola River.
The climate is subtropical humid, with the annual rainfall being , of which fall during the rainy season.
History
The area was administered by the Portuguese since 1895, and was subordinated to Matola.
Demographics
As of 2005, 42% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 64% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Xichangana. 47% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Boane (three localities) and Matola Rio (one locality).
Economy
7% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 14,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes a stretch of national roads EN2 (connecting Boane and Namaacha) and EN3 (connecting Boane and Catuane), as well as secondary roads.
Boane is served by a railway station on the Goba railway, which connects with the city of Goba (west) and Matola (east).
References
Districts in Maputo Province
Genevieve Rose Angelson is an American actor, best-known for playing Indigo on The Afterparty, Patti Robinson on Good Girls Revolt, and Ruth on Flack.
Early life and education
Angelson was born in New York City to lawyer and business person Mark Angelson and their wife, Lynn. Angelson has two elder sisters, Jessica and Meredith. They attended The Brearley School in Manhattan, and graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Wesleyan University and the Tisch School of the Arts's Graduate Acting Program.
Career
In September 2013, Angelson was added to the cast of the Showtime series House of Lies as Caitlin Hobart. In 2014, Angelson replaced Mamie Gummer to play the role of Det. Nicole Gravely in Backstrom for which Deadline Hollywood named Angelson one of the best casting discoveries of the year. In 2016, they starred in the Amazon Video original series, Good Girls Revolt; however, the series was cancelled by Amazon after one season. They co-starred in The Upside, the American remake of the French film The Intouchables. In 2019, Angelson was cast in Flack, starring alongside Anna Paquin, as well as the second season of the DC Comics show Titans. Variety named Angelson one of the Top Ten TV Stars to Watch. In December 2021, Angelson appeared back to back on primetime NBC in This is Us and New Amsterdam, on which shows they recur.  They are a main cast member of The AfterParty on Apple TV+ created by Phil Lord and Chris Miller.
They originated the role of Nina in Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike, winner of the Tony Award for Best Play winner at the 67th Tony Awards, in which Ben Brantley called them "exquisite." They have appeared in multiple other plays off-Broadway, including The Cake by Bekah Brunstetter at Manhattan Theater Club.
 They are a published writer, and a regular contributor to Town & Country, Elle, and Refinery29.
Filmography
References
External links
21st-century American actores
American stage actores
American film actores
American television actores
Living people
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Actresses from New York (state)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Astro hitz, formerly known as HITZ.TV was a Malaysian music video channel provided by Astro. It made its début on 20 October 2003 and serves as a visual entertainment complement of hitz.fm, which is under Astro's radio management arm, AMP Radio Networks (now Astro Radio). Before the channel renumbering on 1 October 2007, the channel broadcasts on channel 16, while broadcasting on channel 705 when the channel renumbering takes effect.
The channel relaunched with its new name in April 2009.
MeleTOP are selected on Astro Ria and Astro Maya HD also aired on Astro hitz for repeat on Wednesday.
Due to declining popularity of the channel and after 13 years of broadcasting, Astro hitz ceased broadcasting on 16 May 2016.
Programming
Programming by 2012-2016
MELETOP
Programming by 2011-2016
K-Pop Hitz
K-Pop Hitz Talent Show
The Music Video Grant
Programming by 2009-2016
Shot by Shot
Homeboyz
Asian Potion
Shot by Shot
Riffs
Front Seat
Hitz Soulfood
Alt_Hitz
Elements 4 Elements
Junk Disco
Music Factory
Out & About
Fresh Vibes
Club hitz
Spin Master
Hitz Dosage
Best Of British
Programming by 2003-2009
Test Tube
On The Spot
Holla!
AlternaHitz
A+
Club Hitz
Rock Hitz
Bak 2 Bak Hitz
Hitz Special
UVJ
Hitz Shoutout
Hot30hitz
Malaysian English Top 10
chat space
L8nite
UP2U
Unaired programming
Video DJ
Note: As of May 2016, all programs and music videos shown were repeats. However, the repeats of Malay content that was previously broadcast on other channels has attracted criticism on social media as a large part of music content has been replaced by repeated Malay programs.
VJs
Adam Carruthers
Serena Choong (2003-2009)
Natalie Kniese
Tengku Ean Mohd Nasrun
Isabelle Zhen
Alexis Sue-Ann
References
External links
Hitz.fm website
Astro Malaysia Holdings television channels
Music television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2003
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2016
Music organisations based in Malaysia
Air Twister is a 2022 third-person arcade rail shooter game developed and published by YS Net and released on June 24, 2022 for iOS via Apple Arcade.
Development
In 2008, Yu Suzuki created their video game incubation studio YS Net. The studio has produced a few small scale mobile games and the kickstarter funded console game Shenmue III. Air Twister will be the studio's first big budget internationally released smart phone game.
A 3-D Space Harrier concept for smart phones was first shared by Suzuki with Polygon in a 2015 interview. However, they are reluctant to call Air Twister a spiritual successor to Space Harrier.
For Air Twister, Suzuki took inspiration from numerous sources: vintage floppy disc games Mystery House, the Ultima series, to other Sega rail shooters namely Panzer Dragoon and Tetsuya Mizuguchi's Rez.
Suzuki, a long time fan of Dutch musician Valensia, reached out to them via Facebook to compose the music, to which they agreed.
Release
The game was released June 24, 2022 exclusively on Apple Arcade.
References
External links
'' Interview with YS Net
Air Twister Apple Arcade Page
Official Website
Video games developed in Japan
Video games designed by Yu Suzuki
Apple Arcade games
Single-player video games
Fever Dream is a solo studio album by American hip hop musician Alias. It was released on Anticon in 2011.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, Fever Dream received an average score of 74% based on 9 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Ali Maloney of The Skinny gave the album 4 stars out of 5, describing it as "a suave cocktail of rolling snares, haunting synth structures, downtempo dub and jittering slices of shoegaze – tastefully evoking the strengths of various modern masters, from FlyLo to Amon Tobin – as swirling, cut-up vocals bounce gleefully around in the distance."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Alias – production, arrangement, recording, mixing
Michael Haggett – drums (5)
DJ Mayonnaise – additional synthesizer (5), additional production (5), additional recording (5)
Dax Pierson – vocals (7), additional synthesizer (7)
Daddy Kev – mastering
Jesselisa Moretti – cover art, design, layout
References
External links
2011 albums
Alias (musician) albums
Anticon albums
Eilema angustipennis is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Embrik Strand in 1912. It is found in Cameroon, Ghana and Uganda.
References
Moths described in 1912
angustipennis
Insects of West Africa
Moths of Africa
John Edward "Ted" Gordon (born April 25, 1941) is a retired United States Navy rear admiral who served as Judge Advocate General of the Navy from 1990 until 1992.
Naval career
Raised in Kingston, Pennsylvania, Gordon was educated at the United States Naval Academy and joined the United States Navy upon their graduation in 1964. During the 1960s, they were posted on two different combatant ships, which included service during the Vietnam War. They later served as a contracting officer at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard.
Gordon attended the Temple University School of Law, receiving their Juris Doctor in 1973. They then joined the Judge Advocate General's Corps, U.S. Navy, in which capacity they held several military justice positions, including Deputy Officer in Charge of the Philadelphia Navy Legal Service Office and as Special Court Martial Judge.
Gordon next served as Deputy Navy Chief of Legislative Affairs (Senate). In the 1980s, they served for over four years under United States Secretary of the Navy John Lehman as Special Assistant for Legal and Legislative Affairs.
In 1986, United States Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger named Gordon Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs, with Gordon being promoted to flag rank. In 1987, they became Commander of the Naval Security Investigative Command (NSIC). In this capacity, they oversaw the work of the Naval Investigative Service (NIS), the United States Department of the Navy Security Program, and the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI). While Commander of NSIC, Gordon was concurrently Director of NIS and Assistant Director of ONI for Counterintelligence. During their time as Commander of NSIC, Gordon was responsible for the Navy's response to Operation Ill Wind, and oversaw the prosecution of Clayton J. Lonetree, a member of the Marine Corps Security Guard who allowed a Soviet spy access to the Embassy of the United States in Moscow.
In 1989, Gordon became Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Navy and Commander of the Naval Legal Service Command. They became Judge Advocate General of the Navy in 1990.
The Tailhook scandal broke in the wake of the 35th Annual Meeting of the Tailhook Association, held at the Las Vegas Hilton September 8–12, 1991. Over the course of this weekend, more than 100 Navy and United States Marine Corps aviation officers sexually assaulted 87 women and seven men, or otherwise engaged in "improper and indecent" conduct. In response to media reports about this meeting, on October 29, 1991, the Department of the Navy terminated all ties to the Tailhook Association, launching an investigation led by Rear Admiral Gordon and Rear Admiral Duvall Williams, director of the Naval Investigative Service. Williams' initial report blamed the incident primarily on the behavior of low-ranking enlisted men. However, when Williams subsequently made sexist remarks in the presence of Barbara S. Pope, Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), Pope went to United States Secretary of the Navy Henry L. Garrett III and demanded that they re-open the investigation. As a result, Garrett re-opened the investigation under Derek J. Vander Schaaf, the Inspector General of the United States Department of Defense. In September 1992, Acting Secretary of the Navy Sean O'Keefe revealed the contents of Vander Schaaf's investigation. Vander Schaaf concluded that the initial investigation had been a coverup more concerned with protecting the reputation of the Navy than with discovering the role of high-ranking officers in the scandal. Gordon criticized Vander Schaaf's report as "flawed and factually incorrect" and continued to maintain that the initial investigation had been thorough. Gordon retired from the US Navy with full honors.
Corporate career
After leaving the Navy, Gordon took a job at Litton Industries as Vice President for Washington Operations, overseeing the company's interactions with all branches of government. They left Litton in 2001, joining Alliant Techsystems as Vice President (Washington Operations). They retired from Alliant in 2007.
Since 2007, they have been a Senior Fellow at the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies, where they sit on the Board of Regents
References
External links
Profile from the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies
1941 births
Living people
People from Kingston, Pennsylvania
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Navy personnel of the Vietnam War
Temple University Beasley School of Law alumni
United States Navy rear admirals
Judge Advocates General of the United States Navy
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1955 season.
Overview
It was contested by 10 teams, and Darba Rezerves won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
The 29th Venice Biennale, held in 1958, was an exhibition of international contemporary art, with 36 participating nations. The Venice Biennale takes place biennially in Venice, Italy. Winners of the Gran Premi (Grand Prize) included American painter Mark Tobey, Spanish sculptor Eduardo Chillida, Brazilian etcher Fayga Ostrower, Italians painter Osvaldo Licini, sculptor Umberto Mastroianni, and etcher Luigi Spacal.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1958 in art
1958 in Italy
Venice Biennale exhibitions
Fairview Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Curtis Avenue in Dalton, Massachusetts. Established in 1885, the cemetery became the resting ground for many of Dalton's heavily Irish Catholic working class, and is stylistically reflective of changing trends in burial practices away from the rural cemetery movement of the mid-19th century. The cemetery, still in active use, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Description and history
Fairview Cemetery is located in a residential area north of Dalton's Main Street, and consists of about , bounded by Warren Avenue on the west, Washington Street on the north, and Curtis Avenue on the east, with residences lining John Street to the south. It has the same number of plots as the larger (10-acre) Main Street Cemetery. The street side of the cemetery, facing Curtis Street, is lined with wrought iron fencing, and features a main gate with granite gateposts. The remaining sides of the cemetery are closed off from the surrounding neighborhood by chain link fencing. The grounds of the cemetery were designed in the fashionable rural cemetery style, with winding paths and mature plantings, although the density of plots is somewhat higher than typical. Most of the grave markers are modest in scope and scale. The cemetery continues in active use.
Dalton's Catholic population grew in the mid-19th century with an influx of Irish immigrants, who worked mainly as farmers and laborers. By 1861 a mission church had been established, and St. Agnes was established as its first permanent congregation in 1881. The church leadership also sought to establish a cemetery dedicated to Catholics, their burials taking place in the Main Street Cemetery prior to the founding of Fairview. The cemetery was actually established by the town, which established a committee of trustees for it in 1885. The land was bought from the Carson & Brown Company in 1885, after a planned division of the Main Street Cemetery and acquisition of adjacent lands fell through.
See also
Main Street Cemetery
East Main Street Cemetery
National Register of Historic Places listings in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
References
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Cemeteries in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
Dalton, Massachusetts
Rural cemeteries
2010 Montedio Yamagata season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Montedio Yamagata
Montedio Yamagata seasons
Gérard Pape (born April 22, 1955 in Brooklyn, New York) is a composer of electronic music, author, and Lacanian psychologist.  They are a former student of David Winkler, George Cacioppo, William Albright, and George Balch Wilson. They became the director of Les Ateliers UPIC (now CCMIX) in 1991 and in 2015 authored a French-English bi-lingual book Musipoesc: Writings About Music that was published by Éditions Michel de Maule. Pape has lived and worked in France since the early 1990s.
Biography
Gérard Pape studied clinical psychology and music simultaneously at the University of Michigan, and is a practicing Lacanian psychoanalyst as well as a composer. After moving to France at the beginning of the 1990s, their compositions came under the influence of the Mexican composer Julio Estrada. Estrada shares with Pape an interest in psychoanalysis and focuses on what they call "sound fantasies"—fantasies that occur "inside the head of the composer and take the form of sequences of sounds". Pape extended Estrada's conception by treating chaos as a formal concept. For example, in their opera-in-progress, Weaveworld, Pape "employs sudden and unpredictable patterns in streams of sound in a plasma that draws from chaos models". The tape part for Makbénach I and III convolves "timbre paths", made from chains of sampled saxophone sounds, together with a dense series of grains following particular trajectories (produced by a computer program called Cloud Generator), in order to produce timbral transformations.
Pape's 1995 chamber opera Monologue uses as text the Samuel Beckett play A Piece of Monologue. Their most important work is Feu toujours vivant for large orchestra and 4 sampler keyboards (1997), which was commissioned by Art Zoyd and the Orchestre national de Lille, conducted by Jean-Claude Casadesus.
In 2007, Gerard Pape created the CLSI ensemble (Circle for the Liberation of Sounds & Images) with various musicians and composers such as Olga Krashenko, Paul Méfano, Jacqueline Méfano, Lissa Meridan, Michael Kinney, Martin Phelps, Rodolphe Bourotte, Stefan Tiedje, and Jean-Baptiste Favory.
Compositions
Orchestra
Cosmos, symphony for large orchestra and tape (1985)
Three Faces of Death, for orchestra (1988–89)
Feu toujours vivant, for large orchestra and four samplers (1997)
Opera and musical theater
Ivan and Rena (text: Gérard Pape), music drama for reciter, three vocal soloists, orchestra, and tape (1983–84)
A Little Girl Dreams of Taking the Veil, surrealist opera for tape and slides; texts and slides by Max Ernst (1990)
Monologue, chamber opera based on Samuel Beckett's play, A Piece of Monologue, for bass voice and eight-channel tape (1995)
Weaveworld (in progress), after the novel by Clive Barker
Battle, for four vocal soloists and tape (1996),
Weaveworld Prologue, for bass, flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, trumpet, trombone, horn, percussion, 2 violins, viola, cello, contrabass (1998)
Les Cenci, opera in four acts, for seven vocal soloists, orchestra of 24 flutes, three percussionists, tape, and live electronics (text: Antonin Artaud) (2000– )
Chamber music (with or without electronics)
Soundbook, for instruments and live electronics (1982)
Tableaux, for acoustic and electronic instruments (1983)
In Memoriam: George Cacioppo, for eight trombones, two percussionists, and tape (1984)
String Quartet No. 2 "Vortex" (1988–89)
X-Stasis, for ensemble and tape (1992)
Le Fleuve du désir III, for string quartet and tape (1994)
Le Fleuve du désir IV, for eight solo violins, or one violin, tape, and live electronics (1994/2002)
Makbénach I, for saxophone, ensemble, and tape (1996)
Makbénach II, for saxophone and ensemble (1996)
Solo instrument (with electronics)
Recordare, for soprano recorder, live electronics, and tape (1984)
Cerberus, for organ and tape (1987)
That Burning Thing, for flute and tape (1989)
Le Fleuve du désir V, for violin, tape, and live electronics (1994)
Le Fleuve du désir VI, for viola, tape, and live electronics (1994)
Le Fleuve du désir VII, for cello, tape, and live electronics (1994)
Le Fleuve du désir VIII, for contrabass, tape, and live electronics (1994)
Makbénach III, for saxophone, live electronics, and tape (1996)
Makbénach IV, for trombone, live electronics, and tape (1998)
Aquarelles, for basset horn doubling clarinet, tape, and live electronics (1999)
La Naissance du son, for amplified cello (2002)
For Maurizio, for amplified viola (2003)
Ascension au Purgatoire, for percussion and computer (2004)
Vocal music
Pour un Tombeau d'Anatole, for voice, saxophones, and percussion (1984)
Catachresis, for soprano and chamber orchestra (1987)
La Tristesse de la lune (text: Charles Baudelaire), for baritone, soprano (pre-recorded), and tape (1986)
Two Electro-Acoustic Songs for soprano, flute, and tape; poems by Dahlia Ravicovitch (1993)
Funeral Sentences, for two sopranos, percussionist, and live electronics (1998)
The Ecstasy of St. Theresa (homage to Bernini) (text: St. Theresa of Ávila), for nine mixed voices and live electronics (2001)
Electronic music
Triple Requiem, for multiple tapes and turntables (1982)
Dreamwake (texts: Gérard Pape), for tape (1984)
Resonance, for tape (1984)
Prélude Electronique, for tape (1992)
Variations Varèsiennes, for tape (1992)
Le Fleuve du désir II. for UPIC-generated tape (1994)
Fabula, for eight-channel tape (1999)
Mon autre Peau, installation for 20-channel tape and DVD (based on paintings by Ana-Paula Portilla with digital video by Anney Bonney; texts by Ana-Paula Portilla, Parmenides, and the Upanishads) (1999)
Tantric Transformations, for eight-channel tape and digital video; video by Anney Bonney (2000)
Clouds for six-channel tape (2002)
Sources
Footnotes
Further reading
Kozinn, Allan. 1988. "Review/Recital; Albright at the Organ". New York Times (May 5).
External links
Composer Profile on Chronicle of the NonPop Revolution
Mode Records profile
1955 births
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
American male classical composers
American classical composers
Living people
University of Michigan alumni
21st-century American composers
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
The Lyerly Full Fashioned Mill is a historic hosiery mill located in Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in two stages between 1930 and 1934, and is a two-story, rectangular, nine-by-twelve bay brick building. It features a Moderne-Style 2 1/2-story stair tower. The mill remained in operation until 1957, after which the building was used as a warehouse for a number of years.
The mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007, but remained vacant until 2014, when the property was sold to Transportation Insight, a global multi-modal logistics company. The building underwent a significant rehabilitation between 2014 and 2015 to become the headquarters and flagship building for Transportation Insight's corporate campus. The property was designated a local historic landmark by the City of Hickory in 2016 and Transportation Insight received the 2016 North Carolina Main Street Award of Merit for Best Historic Rehabilitation for its work to save and rehabilitate the mill building.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Industrial buildings completed in 1934
Moderne architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
1934 establishments in North Carolina
Typhoon Warren, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Huaning, struck the Philippines and China during July 1988. An area of disturbed weather developed within the vicinity of the Caroline Islands during the second week of July. A tropical depression developed southeast of Guam on July 12, and on the next day, intensified into a tropical storm. Tracking generally west-northwest, Warren deepened into a typhoon on July 14. The storm subsequently entered a period of rapid intensification, commencing with Warren reaching its highest intensity on July 16. The following evening, the typhoon brushed Luzon, resulting in a weakening trend, although Warren was still a typhoon when it made landfall near Shantou. Warren rapidly dissipated inland.
Across the Philippines, 3,560 houses were damaged and an additional 21,329 were destroyed, displacing 19,224 families. Six people were killed and damage was estimated at US$11.4 million. In Hong Kong, severe flooding occurred, especially in low-lying areas, several trees were downed, and there were reports of five landslides. There, 12 people suffered injuries and one individual was injured. In Shantou, six people perished, 106 others suffered injuries, 4,500 homes were destroyed, and 38,000 homes received damage. Throughout Guangdong Province, 150,000 homes were damaged and 13,000 others were destroyed. Overall, 17 people lost their lives, 153 people were wounded, and damage was estimated at $270 million.
Meteorological history
Typhoon Warren developed from an area of disorganized convection in the eastern Caroline Islands that was first noted by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) on July 11. An increase in organization and improved upper-level outflow promoted the JTWC to raise its development chances. A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert was issued for the system, which was located around southeast of Guam, at 05:30 UTC on July 12. Shortly thereafter, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) declared the system a tropical depression At noon, satellite images showed a central dense overcast and satellite intensity estimates supported winds of . At 16:00 UTC on July 12, the JTWC classified the system as a tropical depression. Tracking westward, the depression passed within north of Guam. On the morning of July 13, the depression was upgraded into Tropical Storm Warren by the JTWC, although post-storm analysis revealed that the depression actually became a tropical storm late on July 12. At 00:00 UTC on July 14, the JMA declared the system a tropical storm, with the JTWC upgrading Warren to a typhoon that evening.
Tracking west-northwestward while also accelerating, Warren continued to gradually deepen, and on the morning of July 15, the JMA designated Warren a severe tropical storm. At the time of the upgrade, Warren was located around east of Manila. Twenty-four hours later, the JMA upped Warren into a typhoon. Around this time, the storm entered a rapid intensification phase that commenced with the JTWC estimating that Warren reached its peak intensity of , equal to a low-end Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale, on July 16. Around the same time, the JMA estimated that Warren achieved its peak intensity of and a minimum barometric pressure of .
While tracking across the Philippine Sea, many tropical cyclone forecast models showed Warren tracking northward near Taiwan and eventually recurving out to sea. However, forecasters at the JTWC continued to predict a westward motion because satellite imagery and mid-level synoptic analysis showed a subtropical ridge to its north. According to the JTWC, the typhoon weakened slightly on July 17, though data from the JMA suggested that Warren maintained its maximum intensity until Warren skirted Luzon that evening. Land interaction resulted in some weakening, with the JTWC and JMA lowering the intensity of the typhoon to and at 00:00 UTC on July 18. After entering the South China Sea, Warren made landfall near the city of Shantou on the morning of July 19. At the time, the JTWC estimated winds of while the JMA reported winds of . The storm rapidly weakened overland, and the storm dissipated on July 20 over the province of Guangdong.
Preparations and impact
The inner core of the typhoon brushed the northern Philippines, prompting flooding that resulted in the suspension of classes. Around 60 people fled their homes in Baguio. Somewhere in the northern portion of the country, a man was killed when their motorcycle skidded on a slippery road as they went to inspect storm damage. Nationwide, the storm damaged of rice and of corn. Approximately 1,600 families lost access to drinking water. A total of 3,560 homes were damaged and an additional 21,329 were destroyed, which resulted in 102,169 people or 19,224 families that either sought shelter or were homeless. Six people were killed in the country. The storm inflicted US$11.4 million in damage to the country, including $10.1 million from infrastructure.
Further north, in Hong Kong, a No 1. hurricane signal was issued on July 18. Later that day, the signal was increased to a No. 3 signal, but on July 20, all signals were dropped. A minimum pressure of was recorded at the Hong Kong Royal Observatory (HKO) on July 19, when the storm made its closest approach to Hong Kong. Tai Mo Shan recorded a peak wind speed of . Meanwhile, Tate's Cairn observed a peak wind gust of . North Point observed of rain over a five-day period, including in a 24-hour period. In Hong Kong, severe flooding occurred, especially in low-lying areas, several trees were downed, and five minor landslides were reported. Many village houses were submerged. In Sheung Shui, more than 20 people were stranded. About of ponds were flooded and of fish were lost, worth $760,000. In addition, of agricultural land were also flooded, resulting in the drownings of 1,370 pigs and 133,000 poultry. Along the Tuen Mun Highway, a tree collapsed, damaging a van and injuring two men. Seventeen flights were called off at the airport and ferry services to Tap Mun, Macau, and mainland China were suspended. Throughout Hong Kong, 12 people were injured and a 5-year-old boy was reported missing after falling into the sea at a local park.
Throughout Shantou, six people were killed and 106 people were injured. There, of food were lost. About 4,500 houses and 14,000 huts collapsed, and 38,000 houses sustained damage. About of agricultural area were destroyed, of which were paddy fields. In addition, seven ships sunk and another 178 were damaged. Twenty-seven electricity sub-stations were destroyed and five hydroelectric power stations were damaged. In Jieyang, 749 power lines were downed. In Qiqihar, 14,000 structures were destroyed. However, the city of Canton, to the southwest of Shantou, was spared by the typhoon. Across Guangdong Province, power and phone service was knocked out for 24 hours. Province-wide, 13,000 homes were demolished, with 150,000 others damaged. A total of 270 bridges in addition to of telephone lines along with roughly of roads were destroyed. Close to of crops were flooded. According to press reports, 17 people were killed and 153 suffered injuries. Damage was estimated at $270 million, including $9.5 million from rice fields and $6 million from fruit trees.
See also
Tropical Storm Warren (1984)
Notes
References
External links
Japan Meteorological Agency
Joint Typhoon Warning Center
JMA Track
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warren
Warren
New Hampshire is divided into 2 congressional districts, each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives.
The districts are currently represented in the 117th United States Congress by 2 Democrats.
Current (until 2023 inauguration) districts and representatives
List of members of the New Hampshire United States House delegation, their terms, their district boundaries, and the districts' political ratings according to the CPVI. The delegation has a total of 2 members, both Democrats.
Historical and present district boundaries
Table of the United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of New Hampshire, presented chronologically. All redistricting events that took place in New Hampshire between 1973 and 2013 are shown. District numbers are represented by the map fill colors.
Obsolete districts
New Hampshire's at-large congressional district, (1789–1847)
New Hampshire's 3rd congressional district, obsolete since the 1880 census
New Hampshire's 4th congressional district, obsolete since the 1850 census
See also
United States congressional delegations from New Hampshire
References
Vice Admiral Kenneth Lloyd Dyer DSC, CD (7 November 1915 – 9 October 2000) was a senior officer in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Naval career
Dyer joined the Royal Canadian Navy as a cadet on 1 October 1933. They served in the Second World War in command of the destroyer and then the destroyer . They later commanded the aircraft carrier from 1951 to 1953. They went on to be Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Warfare) in 1956, Chief of Naval Personnel in 1957 and Flag Officer Atlantic Coast in 1960. In the latter role they put their fleet on alert during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Their last role was as Principal Naval Adviser from 1964 to 1966.
Awards and decorations
Dyer's personal awards and decorations include the following:
120px
120px
120px
References
Canadian admirals
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United Kingdom)
Canadian military personnel of World War II
1915 births
2000 deaths
Lentilitoribacter donghaensis is a Gram-negative, aerobic, non-spore-forming bacteria from the genus of Lentilitoribacter which was isolated from coastal seawater from the Sea of Japan in South Korea.
References
External links
Type strain of Lentilitoribacter donghaensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Rhizobiaceae
Bacteria described in 2013
Doqondar (, also Romanized as Doqandar and Do Qondor; also known as Doghondar, Dowjāndār, Dūgandar, and Dūghandar) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 186, in 53 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Saoud Al-Ansari (born 16 September 1991) is a Kuwaiti footballer who played for Al-Qadsia as a defender.
References
1991 births
Living people
Kuwaiti footballers
Association football defenders
Kuwait international footballers
Sportspeople from Kuwait City
Kazma SC players
Qadsia SC players
Kuwait Premier League players
The 2000–01 season of the Slovak Second Football League (also known as 2. liga) was the eighth season of the league since its establishment. It began in July–August 2000 and ended in June 2001.
League standing
See also
2000–01 Slovak Superliga
References
Jindřich Horák, Lubomír Král: Encyklopedie našeho fotbalu, Libri 1997
2. Liga (Slovakia) seasons
2000–01 in Slovak football
Slovak
Michael Kantakouzenos (died 1264) was megas konostaulos of the Byzantine Empire under Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos.
According to Pachymeres, this Michael Kantakouzenos was amongst the officers under the command of John Palaiologos the Emperor Michael sent in 1263 to campaign against Michael II, Despot of Epirus. After this campaign, Michael Kantakouzenos was created megas konostaulos or "Grand Constable".
The Chronicle of the Morea mentions a Kantakouzenos, of unknown first name, who was kephale or governor of the Byzantine province in the Peloponnese in 1262. This Kantakouzenos relayed reports of the aggression of William II of Villehardouin, which led to Michael VIII sending an army to the Peloponnese against William. They were renowned as a soldier, and their death at the beginning of the Battle of Makryplagi had a demoralizing effect on the Byzantine side, which led to their defeat. Donald Nicol notes that "it is tempting to identify this unnamed Kantakouzenos of the Peloponnese with the Michael Kantakouzenos" sent against Michael II of Epirus, but they admit that there are difficulties. Nevertheless, this identity is often assumed in earlier works.
This Michael may also be the grandfather of John VI Kantakouzenos, based on the Aragonese version of the Chronicle of the Morea. Nicol observes, "The father of the future Emperor John VI is known to have been themselves Byzantine governor of the Peloponnese."
References
Sources
1264 deaths
13th-century Byzantine people
Michael
Year of birth unknown
Megaloi konostauloi
Route 530 is a long north-east looping secondary highway in the southeast portion of New Brunswick, Canada.
The route's northern terminus is at Route 134 in the community of Cocagne. The road travels southeast around a portion of Cocagne Bay to the community of Saint-Marcel. The road then makes a sharp northeast turn before heading almost due north through the community of Cocagne Cove. Route 530 continues through the community of Cocagne Cape, makes a U-turn, and continues south along the Northumberland Strait. The road passes through the communities of Caissie Cape, Bourgeois, and Grande-Digue before ending at Route 134 in the local service district of Shediac Bridge-Shediac River.
History
See also
References
530
530
Aaron Harlan (September 8, 1802 – January 8, 1868) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, cousin of Andrew Jackson Harlan.
Born in Warren County, Ohio, Harlan attended a public school and later attended a law school. They were admitted to the bar and began practice in Xenia, Ohio, in 1825. They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1832 and 1833, and they served in the Ohio Senate in 1838, 1839, and 1849. They moved to a farm near Yellow Springs, Ohio in 1841 and continued the practice of law. They were a Presidential elector in 1844 for Clay/Frelinghuysen. They served as delegate to the State constitutional convention in 1850. They served as member of the board of trustees of Antioch College in 1852.
Harlan was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-third Congress, reelected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth Congress, and elected as a Republican to the Thirty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1853 – March 4, 1859).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1858, to the Thirty-sixth Congress and in 1861 to fill a vacancy in the Thirty-seventh Congress. They resumed the practice of law and engaged in agricultural pursuits near Yellow Springs. They served as lieutenant colonel of the Ninety-fourth Regiment of Minutemen of Ohio in 1862.
Harlan moved to San Francisco, California, in 1864 and resided there until their death on January 8, 1868.
They were interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
References
Sources
1802 births
1868 deaths
People from Warren County, Ohio
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
1844 United States presidential electors
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1850)
People from Yellow Springs, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American lawyers
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery (San Francisco)
The black-throated thistletail (Asthenes harterti) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.
It is endemic to Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
The black-throated thistletail has two subspecies:
A. h. harterti (Berlepsch, 1901) - northern Bolivia
A. h. bejaranoi (Remsen, 1981) - central Bolivia
References
External links
Black-throated thistletail videos on the Internet Bird Collection
black-throated thistletail
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
Endemic birds of Bolivia
black-throated thistletail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Independence Day Award (), also termed Independence Award (), Swadhinata Padak, and Swadhinata Puroskar, is the highest state award given by the government of Bangladesh. Introduced in 1977 by president Ziaur Rahman, this award is bestowed upon Bangladeshi citizens or organizations in recognition of substantial contribution to one of many fields, including the War of Liberation, the Language Movement, education, literature, journalism, public service, science and technology, medical science, social science, song, games and sports, fine arts, rural development, and other areas.
Each awardee receives a gold medal, a certificate of honour, and 500,000 Bangladeshi takas (US$5803). A cabinet committee on national awards prepares the list of each year's nominees and forwards the list to the head of the government for final approval. The award is traditionally presented on the eve of Independence Day in Bangladesh at a much publicized ceremony attended by several cabinet and parliament members and distinguished society guests.
In 2006, the award generated some controversy as the initial list was not accepted by the Prime Minister, some government ministers had expressed concern over the nomination of three fellow ministers. Furthermore, the award to the Rapid Action Battalion was criticized by many because of RAB's alleged involvement in extrajudicial killings.
Awards by decade
List of Independence Day Award recipients (1977–1979)
List of Independence Day Award recipients (1980–1989)
List of Independence Day Award recipients (1990–1999)
List of Independence Day Award recipients (2000–2009)
List of Independence Day Award recipients (2010–2019)
List of Independence Day Award recipients (2020–2029)
References
External links
List of awardees, Cabinet Division, Bangladesh Government
Civil awards and decorations of Bangladesh
Awards established in 1977
1977 establishments in Bangladesh
Bangladeshi media awards
Joseph Bach (born in 1872 in Urmatt) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarawa and Nauru. They were appointed bishop in 1927. They died in 1943.
References
1872 births
1943 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Tarawa and Nauru
Bïa Krieger, better known by their first name, is a Brazilian-born singer and recording artist who lives in France and Quebec. They sing in French, Portuguese and Spanish. Them recording career began in 1996 and currently they have at least eight albums.
Early years
During the years of the military dictatorship in Brazil, their parents were forced into exile. They moved the family to Chile, then Peru and finally Portugal. They were 12 when the family went back to their homeland after the Brazilian Amnesty Law.
While attending school Krieger was listening to music; Brazilian, Latin-American, English pop, as well as singing and playing guitar to their friends. They began a university degree in Journalism at São Paulo but quit and relocated to Europe, where they spent a few years sailing around the Atlantic and Mediterranean. In 1995, they decided to pursue music professionally.
Professional career
In 1996, French author and producer Pierre Barouh offered Bïa an opportunity to record, after listening to their demo. This first album, La Mémoire du Vent; translations in French of some of the songs of the Brazilian songwriter Chico Buarque, earned the Grand Prix de l'Académie Charles Cros.
In 1998 they recorded the soundtrack for a Claude Lelouch film, and went touring in Japan, Italy and Canada.
They released their second album, Sources, in 2000. Partly recorded in Rio de Janeiro, this album was a return to their country's sources of inspiration. They also paid tribute to the Beatles, by covering Golden Slumbers.
In 2003, Krieger released their third album, Carmin. Most of the songs are hers, but they still paid homage to favourite songwriters; Chico Buarque, Gianmaria Testa and Henri Salvador. They also recorded an Inca mantra, Inti, a Pre-Columbian hymn to the sun. This album was partly recorded in Paris, partly in Montreal, where they spend much of their time.
Krieger sings in French as well as in their mother tongue Portuguese, and Spanish. They create mixes between bossanova or samba rhythms and French language, pop flavours sung in South American style, and some very Brazilian or afro-Brazilian songs.
Them album Carmin has been produced by Robson Galdino, a carioca guitar player living in Paris, and Erik West Millette, a bass, guitar and slides player from Montreal.
Bïa played at the 2003 Montreal International Jazz Festival and was a 2007 Juno Award World Music nominee.
Discography
2015 : Navegar
2014 : Chi.Coração
2011 : Concert Intime
2008 : Nocturno
2005 : Coeur vagabond
2003 : Carmin
2000 : Sources
1997 : La memoire du Vent
Videos
2006 : Estrela Do Mar
References
External links
Audiogram (with audio excerpts)
Bïa Krieger official website
Bïa Krieger official website in English
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century Brazilian women singers
Brazilian emigrants to France
Audiogram (label) artists
21st-century Canadian women singers
Musicians from Montreal
Canadian world music musicians
Spanish-language singers of Canada
French-language singers of Canada
Brazilian emigrants to Canada
Fu Tei Tsuen () is a village in the Fu Tei area of Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong. It comprises the two hamlets of Fu Tei Ha Tsuen () and Fu Tei Sheung Tsuen ().
Administration
Fu Tei Tsuen is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Fu Tei Tsuen is part of the Fu Tai constituency.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Fu Tei Tsuen (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Fu Tei
The 27th Infantry Regiment (Turkish: or ) or simply 27th Regiment (Turkish: or ) was a regiment of the Ottoman Army during World War I.
It is best known for its response to the landing at Anzac Cove of Australian and New Zealand forces on 25 April 1915 during the Gallipoli campaign.
History
The date of the regiment's formation is unknown.
World War I
At the start of World War I the regiment was assigned to the 9th Division.
In September 1914 the 27th Regiment and the 9th Division relocated to the Gallipoli Peninsula.
Following the appointment of Lieutenant Colonel Irfan to command the Menderes Detachment on 10 November 1914 Kolağası (Major) Mehmed Şefik was appointed to replace them as commander of the 27th Regiment of the 9th division.
On 29 November 1914 Şefik was promoted to the rank of Binbaşı (Lieutenant Colonel).
While its officers were from various parts of the Ottoman Empire most of the conscripts and NCOs of the 27th Regiment came from the Gallipoli Peninsula which had a diverse ethnic composition. Due to the Ottoman authorities being suspicious of the reliability of its Greek and Armenian citizens most of the regiments combat soldiers were local Muslims, though non-Muslims made up half of its auxiliary and support staff. At the time that took over command the regiment was responsible for the southern region of the Gallipoli Peninsula (including Helles, Kabatepe and Suvla). The regiment was soon assigned the specific task of defending the coastline between Ece Bay and Kakabtepe. They began a program of digging and fortification of trenches in order to avoid their men being caught out in the open by naval shellfire. They also made it plain to their officers that the forward units were not to retreat when attacked but instead to be prepared to sacrifice their lives in order to gain time for reserve units to arrive. Following a detailed inspection of the terrain Şefik identified that the Ariburnu (ANZAC Cove) region was a critical point and in early March 1915 commenced the construction of a comprehensive defensive system, though it was soon halted due a change in defensive strategy imposed by Otto Liman von Sanders, who believed in the deployment of light screening forces along the coastline while retaining strong mobile reserves and supplies in the interior. Following the arrival of Mustafa Kemal's 19th Division on the peninsula on 26 February 1915 the 9th Division was reassigned to defend the Asiatic coast, but the 27th Regiment was left behind and reassigned to the 19th Division.
Gallipoli
The regiment was structured as follows at the commencement of the Gallipoli campaign:
Commanding officer - Binbaşı (Lieutenant Colonel) Mehmed Şefik.
Aide de camp - Under Lt. Cevdet.
1st Battalion. Commanded by Major Malatyali Ibrahim.
Company commanders - Captain İsmail Hakkı, Lt. İzzet, Captain Cemil, Captain Sadık
Section commanders: Under Lt. Talat, Officer Cadet Hayrettin, Under Lt. Ata Mazlum, Under Lt. Mehdi, Officer Cadet Salahattin, Under Lt. Süleyman, Under Lt. Suphi, Officer cadet İbrahim Ratıp.
2nd Battalion. Commanded by Major Mehmed Ismet. This battalion was not subordinate to the 27th Regiment, but directly reported to the commander of the 9th Division.
5th Company. Commanded by Captain Huseyin Sabri.
6th Company. Commanded by Captain Refix.
7th Company. Commanded by 1st Lt. Asim.
8th Company. Commanded by Captain Faik.
Four x 75 mm Krupp Gebirgskanone L/14 M1904 mountain guns. Commanded by Captain Sadik.
Four Short 150 mm guns. Commanded by 1st Lt Hasan Hifzi.
Two 87 mm Krupp Felkanome L/14M 1885 guns. Known by the Ottoman troops as the "Mantelli", because of their steel cladding.
Two 1-inch Nordenfelt multi-barrel rapid fire guns.
3rd Battalion. Commanded by Captain Kör Halis (1876 - 8 August 1933). Also known as Halis Bey, they were an experienced commander who had serviced in the Italo-Turkish War and Balkan Wars. Due to their performance during the initial days of the Gallipoli campaign they were promoted to major. They retired in 1925, after the Turkish War of Independence and became a civil engineer. They constructed the first concrete road in Turkey. As well as their native Turkish they spoke four languages. They wrote extensively, painted, and drew maps. They translated "The Paris Commune" into Turkish and was working on the translation of Herodotus when they died in Usak, Turkey of pneumonia in 1933. In response to the Surname Law their family adopted the surname "Ataksor". There is a memorial forest dedicated to them on the Gallipoli Peninsula.
Company commanders - Lt. Idris, who was later replaced by Lt. Mustafa, Captain Ziya, who was later replaced by Captain Galip.
Section team commanders - Under Lt. Lütfi, Under Lt. Mithat, Under Lt. Cemal, Under Lt. Hasan, Officer Cadet Ziya, Lt. Celal, Officer cadet Mucip, Officer cadet Halil, Officer cadet Medeni and Abdurrahman.
27th Machine Gun company with four 7.65 mm Maxim MG09 machine guns, organized into two platoons and employed in pairs or supporting platoons. Commanded by Captain Hamdi with serving under him, Lt. Halil and Officer cadet Saadet.
27th Mountain gun company with eight 75 mm Krupp Gebrigskanome L/14 M1904 guns.
Medical units. Commanded by Dr. B. Rakım.
On 23 April 1915 the main camp of the 27th Regiment was bombed by the Royal Naval Air Service and the camp was, as a consequence, moved a kilometre to the west, which placed it closer to Gaba Tepe and into the cover of an olive grove which meant that it was less easily detected from the air.
On the night of the 24/25 April 1915 while the 2nd battalion of their regiment was in position spread out over approximately 12 km of coastline between Azmakdere and Çamtepe the 1st and 3rd battalions of the regiment had been engaged in a field exercise and forced march before returning to their encampment at Eceabat at 2am.
Defending the immediate area around ANZAC Cove was the 250 strong 8th Company, of the regiment's 2nd Battalion, under the command of Captain Falk. One platoon was deployed around the Fisherman's Hut; a second platoon was located 1,500 metres south on Plugge's Plateau, overlooking Anzac Cove; while a third platoon was stationed 900 metres inland on Second Ridge. The rest of the 2nd Battalion was spread over the ten kilometres of coastline to the south. Contrary to popular belief, there were Faik's company had no machine guns as these they were held in a four gun company at regimental level.
A few hours later Sefik was woken by the sound of artillery fire to the west. They telephoned the observation post at Kabatepe, who confirmed that an Allied landing was underway. They raised their regiment and then began repeatedly requested permission from the division headquarters to advance to the coast. Finally at 5.45 am permission was received, and with their two battalions and their machine gun company (with its guns on pack-horses) departed at 6 am, marching hard across the Maltepe Plain with the object of occupying eight kilometres away the critical Topçular Sırtı (also known as Third Ridge, Gun Ridge or Artillery Ridge) inland of ANZAC Cove. As Sefik and their two battalions were approaching Kavak Tepe, which they reached by 7.40 am they made contact with the 2nd Battalion that had conducted a fighting withdrawal. The entire regiment then became engaged in heavy fighting which slowed the Allied advance until following the arrival of the first units of the 57th Regiment at around 9.30 am. In conjunction with this regiment the 27th began a coordinated counterattack from 11.30am onwards that eventually stabilized the frontline.
Captain Halis was shot in the arm and wounded in the foot early in the fighting, but refused medical evacuation. After receiving medical attention after the battle they didn't return to their duties until after the 5 May 1915.
The regiment suffered heavy casualties during the fighting on the 25 April but remained in the frontline on the Gallipoli Peninsula. When Mustafa Kemal relinquished their command of the 19th Division on 8 August 1915 to take up a position as commander of Anafartalar Group (of six divisions) on the Gallipoli Peninsula, Şefik was promoted to command the 19th Division. Kör Halis was promoted from their command of the 1st battalion to replace Şefik in command of the 27th Regiment. They remained in command until 5 April 1916.
Caucasus Front
Following the evacuation of the Allied forces and the end of the Gallipoli campaign in January 1916 the 27th Regiment was sent with the 9th Division to the Caucasus Front, where it was subsequently disbanded on 13 September 1916.
References
Further reading
Translated by Thomas P. Iredale.
Military units and formations of the Ottoman Empire in World War I
Military units and formations of the Ottoman Empire by size
The 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship was a motor racing competition which was open to Touring Cars complying with regulations as defined by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport and based on FIA Group A rules. The championship, which was the 28th Australian Touring Car Championship, began on 1 March 1987 at Calder Park Raceway and ended on 5 July at Oran Park Raceway after nine rounds. The Calder round saw the world debut of the racing versions of the BMW M3, the Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and the Alfa Romeo 75 Turbo.
After years of racing for very little in prize money which brought numerous complaints from the leading competitors (in 1984, Dick Johnson Racing (DJR) had travelled an estimated 20,000 km to races around the country from their Brisbane base, often for as little as A$1,200 in prize money, far less money that was on offer at the time for the lower ranked Group E Series Production "Super Series" which offered a total prize pool of $200,000 thanks to series sponsor Bob Jane T-Marts), CAMS signed a AU$275,000 sponsorship package with Shell which brought the championship an overall sponsor for the first time and saw the series promoted as the Shell Ultra Australian Touring Car Championship.
Shell would also become the major sponsor of DJR which saw the team expand to running two cars for the first time. The team ran a pair of the new Ford Sierra RS Cosworths for team boss Dick Johnson and their 1986 James Hardie 1000 co-driver Gregg Hansford. Dick Johnson's win in Round 5 at the Adelaide International Raceway was the world's first race victory for the Sierra RS Cosworth and was also Dick's first ATCC win since Round 4 of the 1984 ATCC at Surfers Paradise.
The 1987 ATCC was the first time since 1975 that Peter Brock failed to win a round of the championship, their best finish being a 3rd at Symmons Plains in Tasmania in Round 2 where their 4.9L V8 Holden VK Commodore SS Group A was simply out-gunned on a noted power circuit by the Roadways Racing Commodore of Allan Grice (before their race ended), the factory Nissan Skyline turbo of race winner George Fury, while their heavy Commodore was no match on tyres and brakes for the 4 cyl, 2.3L BMW M3 of Jim Richards. Brock did manage to hold second behind runaway early leader Grice for a number of laps, but once Fury was through the Skyline drove away from Brock and they then had no answer to the challenge of Richards.
The 1987 championship was also the first time since 1972 that a Holden car failed to win a round of the ATCC, the best result being a second by Larry Perkins in the opening round at Calder.
The 1987 ATCC was also the first time in championship history that rolling starts were used. Rolling starts were used at Calder for Round 1 and at Adelaide for Round 5.
Jim Richards victory in the final round of the series at Oran Park would be the last time a car powered by a naturally aspirated engine would win an ATCC race until Tony Longhurst won Round 6 of the 1991 Australian Touring Car Championship driving a BMW M3 Evolution. Between 1988 and Round 6 in 1991, turbo powered cars would win 30 straight ATCC races, 21 of them by the Sierra Cosworth's evolution replacement which appeared after the 1987 ATCC, the Ford Sierra RS500.
1987 was a year of lasts in Australian touring car racing. It was the last time Peter Brock would drive a Holden until 1991 as they would switch first to BMW in 1988 and then Fords in 1989 and 1990. Consequently, it was the last time the Holden Dealer Team name, which started under Harry Firth in 1969, would be used, though the team officially ran as "HDT Racing Pty Ltd" as it was no longer the factory backed team following Holden's well publicised split with Brock in February only one week before the opening round at Calder. Prior to Calder, Holden had formed the Holden Motorsport Group and immediately signed Larry Perkins and their team as well as Allan Grice and Roadways Racing to be the 'factory backed' teams in the championship, though Grice would later say that it was more about moral support and an easier supply of parts rather than any financial support. It would also be Colin Bond's last year of racing Alfa Romeo's before switching back to Ford to run a Sierra RS500 from 1988 (largely due to Alfa stopping its development program of the Alfa 75 touring car and because Bond felt that they needed an outright car to do justice to their sponsor Caltex). It was also the last time the JPS Team BMW (who won their second title) would be seen with team boss Frank Gardner unexpectedly closing the team down at the end of the year.
Teams and drivers
The following teams and drivers competed in the 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship.
Peter Brock drove both the #05 and #6 HDT VK Commodore during the season
Race calendar
The 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship was contested over a nine-round series with one race per round.
Classes
Cars competed in two classes based on engine capacity.
Over 2500cc
Under 2500cc
The Over 2500cc class was contested by Ford Mustang, Ford Sierra, Holden Commodore, Nissan Skyline, Rover Vitesse and Toyota Supra.
The Under 2500cc class consisted of Alfa Romeo 75, BMW 323i, BMW M3, Isuzu Gemini, Nissan Gazelle, Toyota Celica and Toyota Corolla.
Points system
Championship points were awarded at each round on a 20–15–12–10–8–6–4–3–2–1 basis for the top ten positions outright and on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the top six positions in each of the two classes. Only the best eight round results could be retained by each driver.
Championship results
See also
1987 Australian Manufacturers' Championship, which was contested concurrently with the 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship
1987 Australian 2.0 Litre Touring Car Championship
1987 Australian Touring Car season
References
External links
Official V8 Supercar site Contains historical ATCC information.
1987 Australian Touring Car racing images at www.autopics.com.au
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Touring Cars
Dounby () is a village on Mainland in Orkney, in the north of Scotland.
Dounby village is situated at the crossroads of what are now the A986 and B9057, and has grown close to the meeting point of the three parishes of Sandwick, Birsay and Harray (mainly lying in Sandwick). It features a Co-operative Food store, a doctor's surgery, pharmacy, care home, pub, post office, hairdressers, church and a community school that serve Birsay, Dounby, Harray, Sandwick, Stenness, and Twatt.
The West Mainland Agricultural Show (commonly called the Dounby Show) occurs here every August on the Thursday before the Orkney County Show in Kirkwall. The County show is always the 2nd Saturday in August.
References
External links
Visit Scotland - Dounby
Canmore - Dounby, Click Mill site record
Murray Foote - Dounby Click Mill
J Heslop-Harrison Autobiography: War Service Part 2 "Dounby"
Villages on Mainland, Orkney
Hoplopyga is a genus of beetles of the family Scarabaeidae. These beetles can be found in Central and South America.
Species
Hoplopyga albiventris (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga boliviensis Moser, 1918
Hoplopyga brasiliensis (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga cerdani Antoine, 1998
Hoplopyga foeda (Schaum, 1848)
Hoplopyga gosseti Antoine, 2008
Hoplopyga liturata (Olivier, 1789)
Hoplopyga lucidiventris (Thomson, 1878)
Hoplopyga lugubris (Thomson, 1878)
Hoplopyga marginesignata (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga miliaris (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga miniata (Blanchard, 1846)
Hoplopyga monacha (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga multipunctata (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga ocellata (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga peruana Moser, 1912
Hoplopyga ravida Janson, 1881
Hoplopyga rubida (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga ruteri Antoine, 2008
Hoplopyga singularis (Gory & Percheron, 1833)
Hoplopyga spurca Janson, 1881
Hoplopyga suilla Janson, 1881
References
Scarabaeidae
The 2022–23 Charlotte Hornets season will be the 33rd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA). On April 22, 2022, the Charlotte Hornets fired James Borrego after four years with the team with no playoff appearances.
Draft
Roster
Game log
Preseason
|-style="background:#;"
| 1
| October 2
| @ Boston
|
|
|
|
| TD Garden
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 2
| October 5
| Indiana
|
|
|
|
| Spectrum Center
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 3
| October 7
| Boston
|
|
|
|
| Greensboro Coliseum
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 4
| October 10
| Washington
|
|
|
|
| Spectrum Center
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 5
| October 12
| @ Philadelphia
|
|
|
|
| Wells Fargo Center
|
Transactions
Free agents
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
References
Charlotte Hornets seasons
Charlotte Hornets
Charlotte Hornets
Charlotte Hornets
Bangladesh Chess Federation is the national federation for Chess and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. Benazir Ahmed is the President of Bangladesh Chess Federation. Syed Shahabuddin Shamim is the General Secretary of Bangladesh Chess Federation.
History
Bangladesh Chess Federation was founded by Qazi Motahar Hossain. Qazi Motahar Hossain was the founding president of All Pakistan National Chess Federation. After the Independence of Bangladesh, they founded the Bangladesh Daba Sangha. The Daba Sangha was re-organized into the Bangladesh Chess Federation, which was established in 1974. Qazi Motahar Hossain became the founding president of the Bangladesh Chess Federation. In 1985, Bangladesh Chess Federation started the annual Dr. Qazi Motahar Hossain International Masters Chess Tournament named after its founding president.
References
Chess in Bangladesh
National members of the Asian Chess Federation
1974 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1974
Chess
Organisations based in Dhaka
The Turkestan ground jay, grey ground jay or Pander's ground-jay (Podoces panderi) is a species of bird in the crow and jay family, Corvidae. It is found in central Asia, particularly Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. More specifically, they tend to be found in Astragalus, Calligonum and southern Salsola vegetation zones. It is closely related to the Iranian ground jay. Its natural habitat is sandy desert with low shrub cover. It also forages around human settlements and roads.
References
Turkestan ground jay
Birds of Central Asia
Turkestan ground jay
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Pahlavi hat () was an item of headgear for men introduced in the Imperial State of Iran by Reza Shah.
The introduction of the hat, in August 1927, was part of Reza Shah's drive to westernize and modernize Iran, which included introducing European-style clothing. The hat (to be worn with a European-style coat and trousers) was cylindrical with a peak, being based on the French military kepi, and was available in black or beige. The hat's peak, by obstructing the touching of the forehead to the ground during prayer, was seen as an attempt to reduce the influence of religious ritual in Iranian society (although unlike brimmed European hats it could be turned around for prayer), while its introduction across the whole of society served to efface distinctions in dress amongst different ethnic groups (the Armenians in particular objected to being made to wear it).
Although widely adopted in cities, the Pahlavi hat was initially perceived as 'foreign' and proved deeply unpopular. In April 1930, the Ruler of the Trucial State of Dubai, Sheikh Saeed Al Maktoum, notified Persian residents of the emirate that they should not wear the Pahlavi hat and that 'those who wish to wear it should return to Persia.'
Despite this, the Pahlavi hat had become widespread by the 1930s.
At the Tenth Majlis in June 1935, it was announced that the Pahlavi hat would be replaced by the fedora, a conventional European-style hat. This, along with other innovations introduced by Reza Shah's government, provoked mass demonstrations in July in the city of Mashhad, which were suppressed by the army, resulting in many deaths.
See also
Fez
References
Iranian clothing
Hats
Pahlavi Iran
The variegated bristle tyrant (Pogonotriccus poecilotis) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. This species is sometimes placed in the genus Phylloscartes.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
variegated bristle tyrant
Birds of the Northern Andes
variegated bristle tyrant
variegated bristle tyrant]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Harald von Boehmer (30 November 1942 – 24 June 2018) was a German-Swiss immunologist best known for their work on T lymphocytes.
Career
The youngest of Hasso von Boehmer's three children, von Boehmer obtained an M.D. from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (1968) and a Ph.D. from Melbourne University, Australia (1974). They were a member of the Basel Institute for Immunology in Switzerland (1973–1996), director of Unité INSERM 373 at the René Descartes University in Paris, France and is Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School and the Faculty of Arts and Sciences of Harvard University, Cambridge and Chief of the Laboratory for Lymphocyte Biology at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute in Boston. They were an adjunct professor at the University of Florida.
Von Boehmer studied the role of T lymphocytes in the immune system. In particular they addressed the contribution of the T cell receptor (TCR) to recognition by T cells of peptide-MHC complexes by transfer of TCR alpha and beta genes from one T cell clone to another. Questions concerned with the role of positive and negative selection of developing T cells by peptide-MHC complexes in the thymus in generating an effective and self-tolerant immune system were analyzed in TCR transgenic mice. The same experimental system served the purpose to study the impact of TCR-ligation on developing T cells by MHC class I and MHC class II ligands on the intrathymic generation of CD8 killer and CD4 helper cells, respectively. Further studies were concerned with the structure and function of the pre-T cell receptor and its role in controlling survival and differentiation of developing T cells that have succeeded in productive TCR beta rearrangement. Harald von Boehmer studied the generation and function of regulatory T cells that have an essential role in preventing autoimmunity with the goal to exploit these cells in the prevention of and interference with unwanted immune reactions.
Harald von Boehmer was elected as a Senior Member of the Institut Universitaire de France (1997), was awarded the Louis-Jeantet Prize for Medicine jointly with Nicole Le Douarin and Gottfried Schatz in Geneva (1990) and received an honorary Medical Degree from the University of Technology, Munich (2002).
Harald von Boehmer retired at the end of 2012 and was a guest professor at the Institute for Immunology of Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich beginning January 2013.
In February 2013 Harald von Boehmer, MD, PhD, Professor of Microbiology and Immunology at the Department of Cancer Immunology & AIDS, Harvard Medical School (USA), did receive the Helmholtz International Fellow Award for having excelled in the field of Immunology.
Von Boehmer died on June 24, 2018, at the age of 75.
Awards
1990 Louis Jeantet Prize for Medicine (Geneva)
1990 Elected member of the Academia Europaea (London)
1990 Avery-Landsteiner-Prize of the German society for immunology (Aachen)
1993 Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize (Frankfurt)
1997 Körber European Science Prize (Hamburg)
1997 Elected member of the Institut Universitaire de France
2002 Honorary doctor in Medical degree of the Technical University of Munich
2003 Elected member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina (Halle)
2003 National Institutes of Health NIH Merit Award (Washington D.C.)
2004 Sherman Fairchild Foundation award
2013 Helmholtz International Fellow Award
Selected publications
Selected papers from
von Boehmer, H., Sprent, J. and Nabholz, M..: Tolerance to histocompatibility determinants in tetraparental bone marrow chimeras. J. Exp. Med. 141, 322 (1975). Graft-versus-host disease-free allogeneic bone marrow transplantation after T cell removal (used later to cure human immunodeficiency).
von Boehmer, H., Hudson, L. and Sprent, J.: Collaboration of histo-incompatible T and B lymphocytes using cells from tetraparental bone manow chimeras. J. Exp. Med. 1421989 (1975); von Boehmer, H. and Haaso W.: Cytotoxic T lymphocytes recognize allogeneic toleruted, TNP-conjugated cells. Nature 261, 141 (1976). Allo-MHC-restricted CD4 and CD8 T cells in hemopoietic chimeras reveal plasticity of MHC-restricted antigen recognition.
Dembic, Z., Haas, W., Weiss, S., McCubrey, J., Kiefer, H., von Boehmer, H. and Steinmetz, M.: Transfer of specificity by marine alpha and beta T cell receptor genes. Nature 329, 232 (1986). Transfer of alpha and beta TCR genes shows MHC-restricted antigen recognition by a single receptor.
Kisielow, P., Blüthmann, H., Staerz, U. D., Steinmetz, M. and von Boehmer, H.: Tolerance in T cell receptor transgenic mice: deletion of nonmatare CD4+8+ thymoqttes. Nature 333, 742-746 (1988); Swat, W., Ignatowicz, L., von Boehmer, H. and Kisielow, P.: Clonal deletion of immature CD4+8+ thymocytes in suspension culture by extrathymic antigen-presenting cells. Nature 351, 150 (1991). Central tolerance by deletion of immature T cells in TCR transgenic mice.
Teho H. S., Kisielow, P., Scott, 8., Kishi, H., Uematsu, Y., Blüthmann, H. and von Boehmer, H.: Thymic MHC antigens and the specfficity of the ap T cell receptor determine the CD4/CD6 phenotype of T cells. Nature 335, 229 (1988); Scott, 8., Blüthmann, H., Teh, H. S. and von Boehmer, H.: The generation of mature T cells requires an interaction of the alpha beta T cell receptor with major histocompatibility antigens. Nature 338, 591 (1989). Essential role of T cell receptor-mediated positive selection in T cell survival and lineage fate (CD4/8) determination.
Rocha, B. and von Boehmer, H.: Peripheral selection of the T cell repertoire. Science 251, 1225 (1991). Peripheral tolerance by deletion of and reversible anergy in matureT cells.
Borgulya, P., Kishi, H., Uematsu, Y. and von Boehmer, H.: Exclusion and inclusion of alpha and beta T cell receptor alleles. Cell 69, 529 (1992); Aifantis, I., Buer, J., von Boehmer, H. and Azogui, O.: Essential role of the pre-T cell receptor in allelic exclusion of the T cell receptor beta locus. Immunity 7, 601-607 (1997). Pre-TCR-mediated feedback on TCRbeta rearrangement as essential mechanism for TCRbeta allelic exclusion. Lack of TCRalpha allelic exclusion.
Bruno, L., Kirberg, J. and von Boehmer, H.: On the cellular basis of immunological T cell memory. Immunity 2,37-43 (1995). T cell memory rests with memory cells that differ in phenotype and function from naive T cells and survive in the absence of antigen.
Groettrup, M., Ungewiss, K., Azogui, O., Palacios, R., Owen, M. J., Hayday, A. C. and von Boehmer, H.: A novel disulfide-linked heterodimer on pre-T cells consists of the T cell receptor beta chain and a 33 kd glycoprotein. Cell 75, 283-294 (1993); Saint-Ruf, C., Ungewiss, K., Groettrup, M., Bruno, L., Fehling, H. J. and von Boehmer, H.: Analysis and expression of a cloned pre-T cell receptor gene. Science 266,1208-1212 (1994); Fehling, H.J., Krotkova, A., Saint-Ruf, C. and von Boehmer, H.: Crucial role of the pre-T cell receptor in development of alpha beta but not gamma delta T cells. Nature 375, 795-798 (1995). Discovery of the pre-TCR. Cloning and targeting of the Ptcra gene.
Apostolou, I., Sarukhan, A., Klein, L. and von Boehmer, H.: Origin of regulatory T cells with known specificity for antigen. Nat. Immunol. 3, 756-63 (2002); Kretschmer, K., Apostolou, I., Hawiger, D., Khazaie, K-, Nussenzweig, M. C. and von Boehmer, H.: Inducing and expanding regulatory T cells by foreign antigen. Nat. Immunol. 6, 1219-1227 (2005). Marson, A.°, Kretschmer, K.°, Frampton, G. M., Jacobsen, E. S., Polansky, J., MacIsaac, K. D., Levine, S. S., Fraenkel, E., von Boehmer, H., Young, R. A.: Foxp3 occupancy and regulation of key target genes during T-cell stimulation. Nature 445, 931-5 (2007). Antigen-dependent intra- and extra-thymic generation of regulatory T cells and Foxp3-dependent gene regulation.
External links
Harald von Boehmer at Cancer Immunology Research
Harald von Boehmer in Library of Congress ,
Harald von Boehmer in Deutsche Nationalbibliothek: and
Harald von Boehmer in the library of the University of Freiburg: [Vorr.]
References
1942 births
2018 deaths
People from Guben
University of Basel faculty
University of Florida faculty
Harvard Medical School faculty
German immunologists
Swiss immunologists
German untitled nobility
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
German emigrants to Switzerland
Swiss expatriates in France
Swiss expatriates in the United States
Juan González (born 24 July 1974) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Bernt Petersen (1937 – 6 March 2017), often known simply as Bernt, was a Danish furniture designer. Trained as a cabinetmaker (1957), they attended Denmark's Design School, graduating in 1960. They then worked for Molibia and Hans J. Wegner before opening their own studio in 1963. They taught at Denmark's Design School (1973–78) and was lector at the Royal Danish Academy's Furniture School (1978–85). Bernt's furniture designs were mainly in light wood such as ash and beech. Some of their pieces have been used in theaters and concert halls in towns throughout Denmark. Petersen was recognized for their simple style which is suitable for industrial production. They died on 6 March 2017 at the age of 79.
One of their finest pieces is a small, light stool (1959), in rosewood and cane, with beautifully shaped legs.
See also
Danish modern
Danish design
References
1937 births
2017 deaths
Danish furniture designers
Danish modern
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts faculty
WWNG (1330 AM) was a radio station broadcasting an adult standards/MOR format to the Havelock, North Carolina, United States area. The station was owned by Dick Broadcasting, through licensee Dick Broadcasting Company, Inc. of Tennessee. WWNG was limited to daytime operation only.
In September 2017, Dick Broadcasting announced the purchase of Alpha Media stations in three markets — 18 stations and two translators in total, at a purchase price of $19.5 million. The acquisition of WANG by Dick Broadcasting was consummated on December 20, 2017, at which point the station changed its call sign to WWNG. Dick Broadcasting surrendered WWNG's license on February 22, 2018, and it was cancelled by the Federal Communications Commission on February 23, 2018.
References
External links
WNG
Radio stations established in 1962
1962 establishments in North Carolina
Radio stations disestablished in 2018
2018 disestablishments in North Carolina
Defunct radio stations in the United States
WNG
WNG
Fedor Matveevich Zinchenko (Russian: Фёдор Матвеевич Зинченко; 19 September 1902 in Stavskovo, Tomsk Governorate, Russian Empire - 15 October 1991 in Cherkasy, Ukraine) was a Soviet officer who commanded the 150th Rifle Division's 756th Regiment during the Storming of the Reichstag. The soldiers under their command raised the Victory Banner.
Biography
Early life
Born in Tomsk Governorate to a peasant family of Ukrainian ethnicity, Zinchenko joined the Red Army at 1924, becoming a member of the Communist Party two years later. On 1930, they graduated from the Vladivostok Infantry School. They were appointed military commissar for the Leningrad Military Communications School. When Germany invaded the Soviet Union, the school was evacuated to Bashkiria. Zinchenko was appointed staff commissar of the 171st Rifle Division in November 1941. The unit was sent to the front at early 1942. In May 1944, after completing infantry officers' training, they were assigned to command the 756th Regiment, with which they fought in the Baltics and in Berlin.
Battle of Berlin
On 22 May 1945, the Regiment - as part of the 3rd Shock Army - reached the German capital. At the same day, the flag which would become the Victory Banner was handed to its commanders. After heavy combat in the streets, the Regiment's soldiers crossed the Spree in the direction of the Reichstag.
On 30 April 1945, shortly before 10:00, Zinchenko ordered their intelligence officer, Captain Kondrashev, to select two scouts who will carry the Banner. Few minutes later, the entire scouts platoon appeared, each begging to perform the task. After some prodding from the Colonel, Kondrashev selected Yegorov and Kantaria. On 12:00, a massive artillery strike hit the Reichstag. Then, the 150th and 171st Divisions' soldiers attacked. After a bitter fight inside the building, and after several other Victory Banners were placed and destroyed, Kantaria and Yegorov - together with the 756 Regiment's 1st Battalion deputy commander for political affairs, Lieutenant Alexei Berest - hoisted their flag on the Reichstag's roof roughly at 03:00, 1 May 1945, attaching it to Wilhelm I's equestrian statue.
Later years
After the war, Zinchenko was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union on 31 May. All their three brothers died in battle. They retired from the army at 1950, and lived to see the collapse of the Soviet Union, which was officially disbanded shortly after their death.
Honours and awards
Medal "Gold Star" Hero of the Soviet Union No. 7385
Order of Lenin
Order of the Red Banner, twice
Order of Suvorov, 3rd class
Order of Kutuzov, 3rd class
Order of the Patriotic War, 1st class
Order of the Red Star
References
Bibliography
Герои штурма рейхстага (Heroes of storm of the Reichstag), Fedor Zinchenko, Voenizdat Press, 1983.
Путь к рейхстагу (The Path to the Reichstag), Stepan Neustroev, Sverdlovsk, 1986.
1902 births
1991 deaths
People from Krivosheinsky District
People from Tomsk Governorate
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Ukrainian people of World War II
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of Suvorov, 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of Kutuzov, 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of Friendship of Peoples
Knights of the Virtuti Militari
Hanglip (Afrikaans for hanging lip, Venda: Songozwi'), thavha ya VhaDzanani is a prominent mountain peak near Louis Trichardt, South Africa. It is situated in the Vhembe District of Limpopo in the central Soutpansberg range. The peak with radar station, at 1,719 meters a.s.l., forms a conspicuous landmark visible from the town and the N1 national road.
Hanglip mountain is situated in the 354 hectare Hanglip Forest Reserve within the Hanglip State Forest. The state forest contains commercial pine plantations, protected natural forest and bushveld. The pine plantations are harvested in 30 to 40-year cycles for construction wood.
Geologically the mountain consists of tilted layers of the Karoo succession including glacial till deposits. Red quartzite deposits and grey andesite lava intrusions are also present.
Songozwi was the VhaVenda area, under the VhaDzanani clan and their Chiefs, and later joined by the Mphephu/Ramabulana clan. The VhaDzanani clan have their sacred site in mount Songozwi, while the Ramabulana clan bury their chiefs there at a place or hill called Luatame. The whole region was Dzanani (named after the VhaDzanani) until 1946. This is because Songozwi was made a white-only area after 1913. Vhavenda were then evicted from this fertile area, the last group of Vhavenda left the area around the 60s. Eviction started around Schoemansdal after the 1898/9 Vhavenda - boer War. The boer were led by general Piet Joubert.
As safeguard against further attacks, Fort Botha was established under Hanglip some kilometers southwest of Mphephu's kraal. The ruins of the fort are currently off limits, being situated near graves of the Singos and the sacred site of vhaDzanani on the other side.
The town of Trichardtsdorp was established after the conflict.
The Hanglip Forest Reserve is a protected area in the zone of the mountain.
Hikers can arrange to overnight in the Hanglip trail hut east of the peak, and motorists can visit a picnic site against its southern slope.
See also
List of castles and fortifications in South Africa
References
External links
The Soutspanberg Hiking Trail
Mountains of South Africa
Climbing areas of South Africa
Landforms of Limpopo
Charles R. Hale (born 1957) is a scholar of Latin America, Africa, and the African diaspora. They were appointed Dean of Social Sciences at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 2018 and professor of global studies.  They are a past president of the Latin American Studies Association (2006-2007). They earned an A.B. in Social Studies at Harvard College and their doctorate at Stanford University. Their publications include two single-author books, which have been translated to Spanish, “…más que un indio (more than an Indian)”: Racial Ambivalence and Neoliberal Multiculturalism in Guatemala; and Resistance and Contradiction: Miskitu Indians and the Nicaraguan State, 1894-1987.
References
External links
Portal: Web Magazine of the LLILAS Benson Latin American Studies and Collection, “Departing Reflections”
Charles Hale Researchgate accessed 4 June 2019
Harvard College alumni
Stanford University alumni
University of California, Davis faculty
University of Texas faculty
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
Latin Americanists
Living people
1957 births
Krzysztof Łyżwa (born 28 May 1990) is a Polish handball player for KS Azoty-Puławy and the Polish national handball team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1990 births
Living people
Polish male handball players
People from Ostrów Wielkopolski
Expatriate handball players
Polish expatriates in the Czech Republic
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
Dolishnii Luzhok is a village situated 14 kilometers away from Drohobych, in Drohobych Raion of Lviv Oblast, Ukraine. It belongs to Drohobych urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Dolishnii Luzhok has almost 500 inhabitants.
References
Villages in Drohobych Raion
The grey-backed tachuri (Polystictus superciliaris) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
Gray-backed Tachuri photos on antpitta.com
grey-backed tachuri
Birds of the Cerrado
Endemic birds of Brazil
grey-backed tachuri
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hovde Island is a small, rounded, rocky island in Prydz Bay, lying at the extremity of the small glacier tongue from Hovde Glacier. It was mapped from air photograph by the Lars Christensen Expedition (1936) and named Hovden (the knoll). The recommended form and generic term takes into account the offshore nature of the feature.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
Barnas Jazzhus is a jazz club in Norway specializing in concerts and concepts where children perform jazz. Barnas Jazzhus has presented concerts on several venues in the Oslo area, including Nasjonal jazzscene, which is the main stage for jazz in Norway.
Biography
In 2012 Barnas Jazzhus developed a concert series called Barnas Jazzcafé. Later the same year the international festival Kids in Jazz was established. These events brought a lot of attention to the concept, and Barnas Jazzhus was awarded Jazz Club of the Year in Norway in 2013.
Consequently, the concept was spread to several towns and venues in Norway, and also to other countries, including the clubs Hallstairs and Kamihikoki in Sapporo, and the club "Hey Joe" in Yokohama, Japan. In spring 2014 Barnas Jazzhus established a cooperation with Kampenjazz about the Norwegian celebration of UNESCO's International Jazz Day. Again kids from several countries got together to perform, and to develop musical friendships across borders. In August 2014, the founder of Barnas Jazzhus, Odd André Elveland, received the award Ella-prisen for their work with children and jazz.
References
External links
Norwegian jazz
The Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division, Fort Campbell, Kentucky, was a multi-functional battalion created on 16 September 2004 as part of the U.S. Army's brigade realignment plan to transform brigades into units of action (UA). It brought together a combat engineer company from the 326th Engineer Battalion (Combat) (Airborne) and signal and military intelligence companies formerly affiliated with inactivated battalions in the 101st Airborne Division. Although one former member of the battalion recalled that the Rakkasans were "almost like a cult in every sense," the battalion itself was largely an administrative entity rather than a cohesive operational unit. With disparate roles, its component units operated separately outside of garrison, supporting maneuver battalions or the brigade itself during training and deployments.
The battalion's mottoes, "Rak Solid" and "Belong to the Warrior," were statements of the battalion's support to, and affiliation with, the 187th Infantry Regiment, whose 1st, 2nd, and 3rd battalions formed the core combat power of the 3rd Brigade Combat Team.
Units
3rd Special Troops Battalion comprised the following companies:
Headquarters and Headquarters Company (HHC) – HHC provides staff support; a support platoon including fuelers, mechanics, medics, cooks, and security; a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear (CBRN) "Recce" Platoon, and a Military Police platoon.
Alpha Company – Providing combat engineer assets to the brigade. The company's nickname was "The Zone," a tribute to its extensive service in the combat zones of World War II and Vietnam. "Zone Rakksans," the unit's call sign, continued to fulfill its reputation in the late 20th and 21st centuries, with combat multiple deployments in Operation Desert Storm, Operation Enduring Freedom, and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Bravo Company – Providing military intelligence assets.
Charlie Company – Providing military communications support to the 3rd BCT.
History
The Special Troops Battalion was initially formed at Fort Collins, Colorado, in December 2004. Companies from the 326th Engineer Battalion, 311th Military Intelligence Battalion, 501st Signal Battalion, and the 3rd Platoon of the 101st Military Police Company were pulled together to form the STB. The integration of one or more special troops battalions into each brigade allowed them to be self-sustaining such that they no longer needed to deploy with the entire division in order to utilize divisional assets.
The Special Troops Battalion headed to the Joint Readiness Training Center (JRTC) in early February 2005 for training maneuvers with the rest of the Rakkasans. Upon redeployment to Fort Campbell, the unit spent the next six months training and preparing for a deployment to Iraq. In late September 2005, the STB deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom IV. After staging in Kuwait for additional training and awaiting movement to Iraq, elements of the STB moved in country to begin a year-long tour. They relieved elements of the Tennessee National Guard in Bayji, Iraq, in fall 2005. Whereas Alpha Company fought as infantry throughout OIF IV, attached first to Task Force Leader (formed around 1st Battalion, 187th Infantry Regiment), Bravo and Charlie supported and conducted operations in that area of operations (AO).
In late December 2005, Alpha Company joined Task Force Iron (3rd Battalion, 187th Infantry Regiment) in Samarra, where it conducted counterinsurgency operations from Patrol Base Razor. Its area of operations included Al Qalaa and Hwaish, villages west of the city. Around the same time, Bravo, Charlie, and HHC headed to Tikrit to support the 101st Airborne Division elements stationed near COB Speicher. In early September 2006, the STB regrouped in Kuwait and redeployed to Fort Campbell, completing its first deployment to Iraq.
After extensive pre-deployment training and a second JRTC rotation, the battalion headed back to Iraq in late September 2007. During this second OIF tour, the battalion operated in Baghdad for 15 months.
The battalion inactivated on 15 April 2014, and was reorganized and reflagged as the 21st Engineer Battalion.
Chain of command
As of August 2011, the STB was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Walter Smiley, with Command Sergeant Major Carlos Simmons as battalion Command Sergeant Major.
The battalion's final commander was Zachary Miller.
References
101 03
101st Airborne Division
Leo Clement Andrew Arkfeld (born in 1912 in Butte, Nebraska) was an American clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wewak.
They were appointed bishop of Wewak in 1948, and Archbishop of Madang in 1975 until their retirement in 1987. They died in 1999.
References
1912 births
1999 deaths
American Roman Catholic bishops by contiguous area of the United States
Roman Catholic archbishops of Madang
Roman Catholic bishops of Wewak
20th-century American clergy
Hasrat () is a Syrian town located in Abu Kamal District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Hasrat had a population of 6,306 in the 2004 census.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
Jambulingam 3D is a 2016 Tamil language 3D adventure comedy film that was directed by Hari & Harish. The film released on 13 May 2016 in India and stars Ambuli Gokulnath and Anjena Kirti in the lead roles.
Filming for Jambulingam 3D took place extensively in Japan.
Synopsis
When a young woman's daughter is captured, it's up to Jambulingam (Ambuli Gokulnath), a magician's apprentice, to rescue them
Cast
Gokulnath as Jambulingam / Jumbo
Anjena Kirti as Irene
Ashvin Raja as Maanasthan
Sandy
Sukanya as Sadhana
Erode Mahesh as Sagunam
Baby Hamsika as Hamsi
Yog Japee
Kalairani
Lollu Sabha Jeeva
Gowthami Vembunathan
Soundtrack
The songs of the film was composed by Srividya and lyrics written by Harish Raghavendra and Gangai Amaran.
Reception
The Hindu wrote a critical review for Jamulingam 3D, stating that it was "silly and dull" and commenting that while it was aimed at children rather than adults "If any of them should enjoy this film though, I think we should all be justified in feeling concerned over the future of our world." The Times of India were equally dismissive, writing "Even on paper, the premise of Jambulingam feels thin, and on screen, it looks even worse. The film has been shot in 3D, but given how flat and unexciting the staging is, the 3D makes no difference; in fact, it only hurts the eyes."
References
External links
2010s Tamil-language films
2016 films
Films shot in Japan
Films set in Japan
Indian adventure comedy films
Indian 3D films
2016 3D films
2010s adventure comedy films
2016 comedy films
Apocalypse: Save Us is the second Korean studio album by South Korean girl group Dreamcatcher. It was released on April 12, 2022, by Dreamcatcher Company, and distributed by Sony Music. Apocalypse: Save Us features fourteen tracks including the lead single "Maison", as well as seven solo songs, and is available in "S", "A", "V", "E" versions and a jewel case version.
This album is the start of Dreamcatcher's new Apocalypse series after the conclusion of the previous series Dystopia. Commercially, the album sold over 136,239 copies. The group also collected their first music show win of their career with "Maison" on MBC M's Show Champion., The album also generally received favorable reviews by the critics.
Background and release
On March 24, 2022, Dreamcatcher released the mystery code teaser for their upcoming April comeback. The group's Mystery Code teasers signal the start of a new era as they gear up for a return. It was later revealed that Dreamcatcher will be making their return on April 12.
Official teasers for the album were first released on March 28, starting with a track list, followed by individual and group concept photos, a highlight medley, a dance preview, a story preview and a music video teaser. The album and the music video for the album were released on April 12, 2022. The group commemorated the release by hosting a special mini-concert in Korea, which was also available as an online stream for international fans. A world tour titled 2022 Dreamcatcher World Tour [Apocalypse: Save Us] associated with the album was announced on April 27, 2022, initially featuring eight shows in the United States. Two more dates for the tour (Mexico City and a second show in Los Angeles) were announced on June 14, 2022.
Composition
The title track "Maison" is a song described as a "cry for help" to save the Earth from the apocalypse caused by global warming, environmental pollution, and human indifference. The title of the song was hidden through the morse code '321124433433' in the first album teaser. Maison is French for home, referencing the only known habitable planet; Earth. The B-side tracks include an intro titled "Intro: Save Us", punk rock based "Locked Inside A Door", retro synth-pop "Starlight", deep house based "Together", and ballads "Always" and "Skit: The Seven Doors". The album holds more significance for the group's members as it includes a solo song produced by each of the members. Overall production was handled by composers Leez and Ollounder, who have collaborated before for Dreamcatcher's Nightmare and Dystopia worldviews.
Promotion
Apocalypse: Save Us World Tour
On April 27, 2022, Dreamcatcher announced the 2022 Dreamcatcher World Tour [Apocalypse: Save Us], scheduled to take place from June 28 to July 2022. Ticket sales for Dreamcatcher's new concert began on June 15 at 8:00 AM PST through Ticketmaster. The North American leg of their tour was originally set to conclude in Los Angeles, but the group has also since added a new show in Mexico City at the Auditorio BB on July 20.
Commercial performance
As of May 2022, the album sold over 136,239 copies. It debuted on number 4 on Gaon Weekly Album Chart and went on to peak at number 8 on Gaon Monthly Album Chart with 126,654 sales for the month of April. According to Hanteo Charts, the album sold more than 85,000 copies first week since its release with 54,131 copies sold on the first day of release. Dreamcatcher had their debut peak on The Official Finnish Charts, reaching number 26. They also earned their first music show win of their career (1,924 days after their debut in 2017) with "Maison" on MBC M's Show Champion. On April 26, Dreamcatcher officially wrapped up their promotions with their goodbye stage performance on SBS MTV's The Show, where they earned their second music show win. The music video has amassed 22 million views as of June 2022.
Reception
Tanu Raj for NME gave 3 out of 5 stars and wrote "while Dreamcatcher tackle climate change on their second studio offering, the effort does seem a tad misplaced in the face of the album's youthful optimism and that keeping a frantic pace throughout, "Maison" underlines an urgency that seems to be missing in many when it comes to climate change."
Track listing
Personnel
Leez – producing, lyrics, music, arrangement (12 tracks), MIDI programming, background vocals(track 2), synthesizer
Ollunder – producing, lyrics, music, arrangement (12 tracks), MIDI programming, guitar
Maddox – lyrics (track 2), music (track 5, 12)
D.Van – lyrics (track 2)
Buddy – lyrics (track 12), music, arrangement, bass, piano(tracks 2, 12)
Kim Jun-hyeok – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 9, 13), bass, synthesizer
Jeon Jae-hee – background vocals
Sangyun – electric guitar
Ji Yu-min – guitar
Peperoni – music, arrangement, synthesizer (track 8)
Oliv – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 9), MIDI programming
Han Soo-seok – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 11, 14), piano, MIDI programming
Lee Sang-beom – guitar (track 2)
Shim Sang-yeop – choir
Kim Soo-hee – piano
Yeon Chang-jum – guitar
SuA – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 9)
Siyeon – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 10), background vocals(track 3)
JiU – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 8)
Handong – lyrics, music (track 11)
Yoohyeon – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 12), background vocals (track 2)
Dami – lyrics, music, arrangement (track 13)
Gahyeon – lyrics, music (track 14)
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Sales
Accolades
Release history
Notes
References
Dreamcatcher (group) albums
Sony Music albums
2022 albums
Korean-language albums
Military ranks of China can refer to:
Military ranks of the People's Republic of China
Ranks of the People's Liberation Army Ground Force
Ranks of the People's Liberation Army Navy
Ranks of the People's Liberation Army Air Force
Military ranks of the Republic of China
Republic of China Armed Forces rank insignia
Military of China
Alexandru Ioan Cuza is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Alexandru Ioan Cuza, Kogălniceni, Șcheia and Volintirești.
The commune is named after 19th century Moldavian and Romanian statesman Alexandru Ioan Cuza.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Report for the World (RFW) is a service program that matches local newsrooms with emerging journalists to report on under-covered issues around the globe. It was launched in 2021 as an initiative of The GroundTruth Project, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit journalism organization, in order to train and support teams of emerging journalists around the world. RFW was co-founded by Charles Sennott, the chief executive officer and editor of The GroundTruth Project, and Kevin Grant, GroundTruth's chief content officer. According to Grant, Report for the World is a response to a “global call for more sustainable, more impactful and more local reporting," in an interview with VOA News. Report for the World is closely modeled after its sister program, Report for America.
Report for the World announced the selection of its first six journalists (called corps members), on World Press Freedom Day, May 3, 2021. The corps members were assigned to TheCable in Nigeria and Scroll in India. On Dec. 1, 2021, RFW announced the placement of corps members at InfoAmazonia and Marco Zero Conteúdo in Brazil, The Wire in India, and Premium Times in Nigeria.
References
External links
American journalism organizations
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
Anik Jean (born April 11, 1977) is a Canadian pop and rock singer, actor, director, and screenwriter.  They are most noted for their 2005 album Le Trashy Saloon, which was a shortlisted Juno Award finalist for Francophone Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2006.
Career
From a young age, Anik Jean has been drawn to performing. Attending a David Bowie concert with their mother when they were 11 years old, Anik decided they wanted to be a singer-songwriter. They learned how to play guitar and piano and embarked on a trip that would take them from their native Gaspésie to Los Angeles before eventually returning to Montreal.
In the spring of 2005, their first single, "Je suis partie", cracked the Top 5 on the radio charts in Quebec, which laid the groundwork for the release of their debut album Le Trashy Saloon in August of that same year. The song was written by Anik's mentor, Quebec rock legend, Jean Leloup, who also co-produced the album with David Strutton. Anik cowrote the follow-up single, "Junkie de toi", with Jean Leloup, and it became their biggest radio hit. They opened for The Rolling Stones at their concert in Montreal in January 2006.
For their second album in 2008, Anik worked with Mark Plati, the producer for David Bowie, Alain Bashung, Louise Attaque and Les Rita Mitsouko. They were backed by musicians: Earl Slick, Mike Garson, Sam Harrison, Jean-Sébastien Chouinard, Alec McElcheran, Julien Blais and Antoine Gratton. They released their second album, Le ciel saigne le martyre, a rock record that demonstrates the artists growing maturity. The first single, Oh mon chéri, rose in the charts quickly and caused a sensation among their growing fans.
In 2010, Anik Jean produced their third album herself, the self-titled, Anik Jean. Recording in New York and Montréal, the singer-songwriter co-wrote some of the songs with their friend, Earl Slick, and finished the album with musical help from Gail Ann Dorsey and Sterling Campbell, two members of David Bowie's group. The single, J'aurai tout essayé, a duet with Robert Smith of The Cure, stayed at the top of the charts for nearly a year. The album was later nominated for “Best Pop Album” at the ADISQ awards.
In 2013 Anik composed the music for their celebrated husband, Patrick Huard's, new stand-up show; they made their on-screen debut in the film Filière 13 (File 13); and they worked with designer Marie Saint-Pierre. They were then inspired by their brother's struggles with schizophrenia to write their fourth album, Schizophrène. Recorded entirely in their home studio, the abstract and highly personal album was dedicated to their brother, who passed away that same year.
In 2015, Anik went back to basics for their first English-language album, Lost Soul which deviated from their typical rock style but being primarily composed of ballads. Them sound, however, remained reliably intense and the music became the soundtrack to a feature film of the same name which went on to be showcased at the two most prestigious film festivals in Quebec.
In 2016, Anik was asked to score their first film, the Canadian box office hit, Bon Cop Bad Cop 2. Them brilliant soundtrack won the SOCAN PRIZE for best film score in 2019.
Working on their music videos with directors Robin Aubert and Francis Leclerc, Anik was exposed to filmmaking, and they were immediately hooked. It all came together for them when they co-directed their feature, Lost Soul in 2015-2016.
With their second short film, La Porte screening opening night at Québec Cinéma 2019 and being selected for the St.John's International Women's Film Festival, with their most recent work, Sois Sage, being presented at the Fantasia International Film Festival, and with several of their film scripts in development, Anik Jean has clearly carved out a unique place for themselves in the cinematic milieu.
In 2021, in parallel with the release of their second children's book Nathan at the bottom of the ocean, they are working on the original music for Escouade 99 (an adaptation of the Brooklyn Nine Nine series). In October, they released their new and highly anticipated sixth album Love in Silence.
Currently, Anik is dedicated to writing the feature film Lazy Bogan House.
Discography
Filmography
Books
Nathan at the bottom of the ocean (2021)
Nathan in the land of pirates (2020)
Magnum 66 (2009)
References
External links
1977 births
Canadian women singer-songwriters
Canadian singer-songwriters
Canadian film score composers
Canadian women screenwriters
Canadian rock singers
Canadian pop singers
Canadian film actores
Actresses from Quebec
Musicians from Quebec
Writers from Quebec
Living people
French-language singers of Canada
People from Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine
21st-century Canadian actores
21st-century Canadian screenwriters
21st-century Canadian women singers
Canadian women composers
Daomu Biji () variously translated as Grave Robbers' Chronicles, Grave Robbery Note and The Lost Tomb, is a novel series about the grave-robbing adventures of Wu Xie, a young man hailing from a family that had been tomb-raiders for centuries. The series was written by Xu Lei (), better known by their pen-name Nan Pai San Shu (). It was first serialized online at Qidian China (), a Chinese website for publishing, writing and reading novels, as a fanwork of Ghost Blows Out the Light originally. Written over a span of five years and published as nine separate novels, it is one of the most popular novel series in China from 2007 with several million fans and over 20 million copies sold. The author has also written two sequels, Zang Hai Hua (), Sha Hai (), which continued the leading character's story, neither of which were finished at the time of the author's announcement to retire from writing on March 22, 2013. The author returned to writing in 2019 with another sequel, Reboot: Thunder at the Distant Sea ().
Along with Ghost Blows Out the Light, Daomu has contributed greatly to creating a craze and subsequent market in the Greater China area for novels focusing on grave-robbing that also deal with the supernatural.
Plot
Fifty years ago, a group of Changsha grave robbers dug out manuscripts of the location of treasures from Warring states, but an encounter with an undead rendered almost the whole group dead. In the present, the young grandchild of the sole survivor, Wu Xie, discovers a secret within their grandfather's notes. Together with their third uncle, Wu Sanxing, and a few other experienced tomb robbers, to search for the treasure. But what no one expected to find the intriguing mysteries that accompanied their tomb robbing adventure - just who was the owner of that tomb? Will they be able to find the real coffin? And just where will these puzzle lead the group?
Embarking on eight-volume's worth of adventures, as Wu Xie slowly unravels millennium-old mysteries, they see the deterioration of their naïve world as they discover the people around them are not what they seem and that they could trust no one in this tomb robbing world of deceit and lies.
Main characters
Wu Xie (): The point-of-view character and primary protagonist.  They are from the Hangzhou Wu family, one of the Changsha Old Nine, a group of families who have been grave-robbing for centuries. At the beginning of the first book they join their uncle Wu Sanxing to experience grave-robbing for the first time, setting off the series of events to come in later books. Their name is a homophone with "innocent" (, also pronounced "Wu Xie"), indicating their gullible nature.
Zhang Qiling (): A man with a mysterious past whose story leads the last few volumes of the chronicles.  They are often hired as an assistant to many grave-robbing endeavors and is highly competent at it; very little is known about him, even their real name.
"Fatty" Wang (): Nicknamed "Gold Getting Xiao Wei", they are a northern grave-robber (as opposed to Wu Xie, from the south) and teams up with both Wu Xie and Zhang Kylin throughout the books; together they are referred to as the "Iron Triangle."
Wu Sanxing (): Wu Xie's third uncle. An experienced grave-robber with a few well-kept secrets.
Pan Zi (): Sanxing's right-hand man, who had served in the Sino-Vietnamese War prior to becoming a grave-robber.
A'ning (): A grave-robber and the first major female introduced in the series, their motives are unclear but they seem to be working against the protagonists.
Yun Cai: A Yao girl who helps Fat Wang and Wu Xie during their adventures in Yunnan.
Adaptations
In 2011, a serialized manhua, drawn by Dongdong and Yuelu, was published. After the fifth volume, the author of Daomu Biji had an argument with Dongdong and Yuelu. This, unfortunately ended the manhua series.
There is also an American serialized graphic novel. There are currently 8 novels.
In 2014, it was announced that the series would be made into eight seasons (though only three seasons have been made as of 2020), with the first season airing in 2015. It covered the events of the first book, and was titled The Lost Tomb in English.
In 2016, the novel series was adapted into an action adventure movie titled Time Raiders. The movie made 1 billion yuan at the box office. The movie ranked the ninth largest box office in mainland China in 2016, and it placed fifth place in the Chinese movie box office ranking. The prequel, The Mystic Nine was adapted into a series as well followed by four spin-off web movies focusing on four of the characters.
In 2019, the second season of the 2015 adaptation, titled The Lost Tomb 2, began aired with an all-new cast. It covers the events of the second, third, and partially fourth books.
In December of 2020, the third season of the 2015 adaptation, titled Ultimate Note, aired with an all-new cast, aside from the returning cast of Wang Meng, Zhang Ri Shan, Yin Nan Feng, Chen Pi A Si, Jin Wan Tang from Sha Hai and Hendry Cox from The Lost Tomb 2. It covers the events of the fifth, sixth, and seven books.
In 2018, the first sequel was adapted and titled Tomb of the Sea and was aired with an all-new cast and returning actors from The Lost Tomb 2. It covers the events of the sequel Sha Hai () and a bit of Zang Hai Hua (). It was followed by three spin-off web movies, Tomb of the seaside Story: Bang Ren (), Tomb of the seaside Story: Hua Mei (), and Tomb of the seaside Story: Ran Gu ().
In July of 2020, the online drama Reunion: The Sound of the Providence aired, with a new cast headed by Zhu Yilong, aside from the returning cast of "Fatty" Wang, Kan Jian, Huo Daofu and returning actors from Tomb of the Sea. Split into two seasons with 62 episodes total, it adapted the sequel novel Reboot: Thunder at the Distant Sea (). A short web series spin-off, Reunion: The Sound of the Providence Side Story: Ping Yao Wang Shi () was released, focusing on the shared ancestor of the side characters.
In 2021, the season sequel to The Lost Tomb 2, The Lost Tomb 2: Explore With the Note, began aired with an all-new cast, aside from the returning casts of "Fatty" Wang, Mrs. Huo, Hendry Cox and Wu Sanxing from The Lost Tomb 2. It covers the events of the fourth book. Another short web series spin-off, Echo of Moonfall () was released, focusing on the side characters from Reunion: The Sound of the Providence.
Notes
References
21st-century Chinese novels
The Lost Tomb
Chinese novels adapted into television series
2007 Chinese novels
2008 Chinese novels
2009 Chinese novels
2010 Chinese novels
2011 Chinese novels
Infected is a science fiction novel by author Scott Sigler. The novel was initially released in 2006 in podcast format with a print release in 2008 by Crown Publishing, with Sigler continuing to offer the podcast version online. The book was initially titled Infested, with the name changing in order to distance itself from a movie releasing with a similar title.
Plot
The book follows several characters as they deal with an alien invasion on the microscopic level. The narration is primarily through the perspectives of Perry Dawsey, an ex-football player with an anger problem, and Margaret Montoya, an epidemiologist with the CDC who is investigating a strange disease that turns seemingly normal people into murderers.
Reception
Critical reception for Infected has been mixed, with Monsters and Critics praising the book's action and pacing. The San Francisco Chronicle panned the book, stating that the book's intensity "might work in a series of cliff-hanging audio episodes, but as a novel to be read in a few sittings, Infected can't rise above its overheated prose and rote characterizations." The Guardian also reviewed Infected, criticizing the book's "portentous cliff-hangers and one-dimensional characters".
The Sacramento News's "Bibliolatry" praised Infected, calling it "imaginative, gross, frightening, suspenseful, funny, thought-provoking and sick in the "omigawd-I-wanna-barf" way". BookReporter and Publishers Weekly also positively reviewed the book, with BookReporter citing the character of Perry Dawsey as the "heart" of the book.
Adaptations
Film
Infected was formerly optioned by Rogue Pictures and Random House Films, with the option having lapsed in 2010.
Graphic novel
In 2010, work began on a graphic novel adaptation of Sigler's Infected, with the series to be published by IDW in the summer of 2012. The first issue was released August 1, 2012, but the series was put on hold indefinitely due to delays with subsequent issues.
References
2006 American novels
2006 science fiction novels
American biopunk novels
American thriller novels
Science fiction horror novels
Novels by Scott Sigler
The 1935 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 11th season in the Victorian Football League and the 34th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Henry Palmer (July 30, 1827June 15, 1895) was an American physician and educator. They served as a Union Army surgeon in the American Civil War, and later became Surgeon General of the state of Wisconsin. They were also the 12th mayor of Janesville, Wisconsin, and was professor of surgery at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Chicago.
Early life
Palmer was born in New Hartford, New York, in 1827. They graduated from Albany Medical College in 1854. Shortly after graduating, Palmer traveled to Europe for vacation and ended up volunteering as a surgeon in the Crimean War. In 1856, Palmer moved to Janesville, Wisconsin.
Military career
Palmer joined the 7th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment in 1861. The following year, they were named Brigadier Surgeon of U.S. Volunteers and remained in the position until the conclusion of the Civil War. Additionally, they were a chief surgeon at York U.S. Army Hospital.
Post-war
Palmer would spend time as a member of the faculty at the University of Illinois College of Medicine. From 1880 to 1890, they were Surgeon General of Wisconsin. Palmer was twice Mayor of Janesville. They died in 1895.
References
People from New Hartford, New York
People from Janesville, Wisconsin
People of Wisconsin in the American Civil War
Union Army generals
Physicians from Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
University of Illinois Chicago faculty
Albany Medical College alumni
1827 births
1895 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Stegea eripalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1878. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma, Ontario, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas.
References
Moths described in 1878
Glaphyriinae
Ryoko Yano (矢野良子, born 20 December 1978) is a Japanese basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Awards
Women's Japan Basketball League
Play off MVP（2003-04,2007-08）
Season MVP（2006-07,2009-10）
References
1978 births
Living people
Japanese women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Japan
The Horne Nunataks () are a group of six nunataks in relative isolation, located on the north side of Goodenough Glacier, about inland from the west coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. They were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Ralph R. Horne, a British Antarctic Survey geologist at the Adelaide and Stonington Island stations in 1964–65.
References
Nunataks of Palmer Land
An implicit k-d tree is a k-d tree defined implicitly above a rectilinear grid. Its split planes' positions and orientations are not given explicitly but implicitly by some recursive splitting-function defined on the hyperrectangles belonging to the tree's nodes. Each inner node's split plane is positioned on a grid plane of the underlying grid, partitioning the node's grid into two subgrids.
Nomenclature and references
The terms "min/max k-d tree" and "implicit k-d tree" are sometimes mixed up. This is because the first publication using the term "implicit k-d tree" did actually use explicit min/max k-d trees but referred to them as "implicit k-d trees" to indicate that they may be used to ray trace implicitly given iso surfaces. Nevertheless, this publication used also slim k-d trees which are a subset of the implicit k-d trees with the restriction that they can only be built over integer hyperrectangles with sidelengths that are powers of two. Implicit k-d trees as defined here have recently been introduced, with applications in computer graphics. As it is possible to assign attributes to implicit k-d tree nodes, one may refer to an implicit k-d tree which has min/max values assigned to its nodes as an "implicit min/max k-d tree".
Construction
Implicit k-d trees are generally not constructed explicitly. When accessing a node, its split plane orientation and position are evaluated using the specific splitting-function defining the tree. Different splitting-functions may result in different trees for the same underlying grid.
Splitting-functions
Splitting-functions may be adapted to special purposes. Underneath two specifications of special splitting-function classes.
Non-degenerated splitting-functions do not allow the creation of degenerated nodes (nodes whose corresponding integer hyperrectangle's volume is equal zero). Their corresponding implicit k-d trees are full binary trees, which have for n leaf nodes n - 1 inner nodes. Their corresponding implicit k-d trees are non-degenerated implicit k-d trees.
complete splitting-functions are non-degenerated splitting-functions whose corresponding implicit k-d tree's leaf nodes are single grid cells such that they have one inner node less than the amount of gridcells given in the grid. The corresponding implicit k-d trees are complete implicit k-d trees.
A complete splitting function is for example the grid median splitting-function. It creates fairly balanced implicit k-d trees by using k-dimensional integer hyperrectangles hyprec[2][k] belonging to each node of the implicit k-d tree. The hyperrectangles define which gridcells of the rectilinear grid belong to their corresponding node. If the volume of this hyperrectangle equals one, the corresponding node is a single grid cell and is therefore not further subdivided and marked as leaf node. Otherwise the hyperrectangle's longest extent is chosen as orientation o. The corresponding split plane p is positioned onto the grid plane that is closest to the hyperrectangle's grid median along that orientation.
Split plane orientation o:
o = min{argmax(i = 1 ... k: (hyprec[1][i] - hyprec[0][i]))}
Split plane position p:
p = roundDown((hyprec[0][o] + hyprec[1][o]) / 2)
Assigning attributes to implicit k-d tree nodes
An advantage of implicit k-d trees is that their split plane's orientations and positions need not be stored explicitly.
But some applications require besides the split plane's orientations and positions further attributes at the inner tree nodes. These attributes may be for example single bits or single scalar values, defining if the subgrids belonging to the nodes are of interest or not. For complete implicit k-d trees it is possible to pre-allocate a correctly sized array of attributes and to assign each inner node of the tree to a unique element in that allocated array.
The amount of gridcells in the grid is equal the volume of the integer hyperrectangle belonging to the grid. As a complete implicit k-d tree has one inner node less than grid cells, it is known in advance how many attributes need to be stored. The relation "Volume of integer hyperrectangle to inner nodes" defines together with the complete splitting-function a recursive formula assigning to each split plane a unique element in the allocated array. The corresponding algorithm is given in C-pseudo code underneath.
// Assigning attributes to inner nodes of a complete implicit k-d tree
// create an integer help hyperrectangle hyprec (its volume vol(hyprec) is equal the amount of leaves)
int hyprec[2][k] = { { 0, ..., 0 }, { length_1, ..., length_k } };
// allocate once the array of attributes for the entire implicit k-d tree
attr *a = new attr[volume(hyprec) - 1];
attr implicitKdTreeAttributes(int hyprec[2][k], attr *a)
{
if (vol(hyprec) > 1) // the current node is an inner node
{
// evaluate the split plane's orientation o and its position p using the underlying complete split-function
int o, p;
completeSplittingFunction(hyprec, &o, &p);
// evaluate the children's integer hyperrectangles hyprec_l and hyprec_r
int hyprec_l[2][k], hyprec_r[2][k];
hyprec_l = hyprec;
hyprec_l[1][o] = p;
hyprec_r = hyprec;
hyprec_r[0][o] = p;
// evaluate the children's memory location a_l and a_r
attr* a_l = a + 1;
attr* a_r = a + vol(hyprec_l);
// evaluate recursively the children's attributes c_l and c_r
attr c_l = implicitKdTreeAttributes(hyprec_l, a_l);
attr c_r = implicitKdTreeAttributes(hyprec_r, a_r);
// merge the children's attributes to the current attribute c
attr c = merge(c_l, c_r);
// store the current attribute and return it
a[0] = c;
return c;
}
// The current node is a leaf node. Return the attribute belonging to the corresponding gridcell
return attribute(hyprec);
}
It is worth mentioning that this algorithm works for all rectilinear grids. The corresponding integer hyperrectangle does not necessarily have to have sidelengths that are powers of two.
Applications
Implicit max-k-d trees are used for ray casting isosurfaces/MIP (maximum intensity projection). The attribute assigned to each inner node is the maximal scalar value given in the subgrid belonging to the node. Nodes are not traversed if their scalar values are smaller than the searched iso-value/current maximum intensity along the ray. The low storage requirements of the implicit max kd-tree and the favorable visualization complexity of ray casting allow raying cast (and even change the isosurface for) very large scalar fields at interactive framerates on commodity PCs. Similarly an implicit min/max kd-tree may be used to efficiently evaluate queries such as terrain line of sight.
Complexity
Given an implicit k-d tree spanned over an k-dimensional grid with n gridcells.
Assigning attributes to the nodes of the tree takes time.
Storing attributes to the nodes takes memory.
Ray casting iso-surfaces/MIP an underlying scalar field using the corresponding implicit max k''-d tree takes roughly time.
See also
k-d tree
min/max k-d tree
References
Computer graphics data structures
Trees (data structures)
The Santa Fe Reporter (SFR) is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Santa Fe, New Mexico. First published in 1974, the Santa Fe Reporter features reports on local news, politics, art and culture, and is published once a week on Wednesdays. Since 1997, the Reporter has been owned and published by Portland, Oregon-based City of Roses Newspaper Company, which also publishes Willamette Week and Indy Week. Since September 2016, the paper's publisher & editor has been Julie Ann Grimm, with Anna Maggiore serving as associate publisher & advertising director. Julie Ann Grimm had previously been editor of the paper since August 2013. Alex De Vore has been covering music, arts and culture for the Reporter since 2008, and became culture editor in 2016. The Reporter celebrated its 40th anniversary in June 2014.
In late 2020, the paper moved from its downtown office to Pacheco Park.
Features
The Santa Fe Reporter publishes three glossy seasonal guides, including its magazine-style supplement, the Restaurant Guide. The paper also hosts several events in Santa Fe each year, such as expos and parties.
Notable stories
In 2007, Dan Frosch, now with The New York Times, won the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies' first-place prize (for under 60,000 circulation) for Investigative Reporting for their 15-part series, "The Wexford Files". The story, which investigated health care in New Mexico prisons, was instrumental in governor Bill Richardson's decision to end New Mexico's contract with Wexford.
In 2010, Corey Pein, wrote the story Khalsa vs Khalsa, the first article to examine the disputes within the 3HO community.
In 2013, the Santa Fe Reporter filed a lawsuit against New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez, alleging violations of the state's Inspection of Public Records Act as well as a violation of the Free Press clause of the New Mexico Constitution.
Attorneys for the newspaper and the government argued in court in March 2017, and Judge Sara Singleton ruled in the case from their retirement in December of that year that the governor had broken the records law, but their actions did not violate the Constitution.
The Reporter works with a sister nonprofit, the New Mexico Fund for Public Interest Journalism, to provide journalism training for students. Its 2019 cohort was honored in 2020 by the Association of Alternative Newsmedia for the collaboration that covered sustainability programs at the Santa Fe Community College: “Roadmap to Resilience” by Olivia Abeyta, Max Looft, Anna Girdner, James Taylor under the direction of mentor and educator Julia Goldberg.
Awards
The Society of Professional Journalists Colorado chapter's "Top of the Rocky's" contest listed nine Santa Fe Reporter stories among its best in the region in 2017.
In 2008, at the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies (AAN) awards ceremony the Santa Fe Reporter received seven awards for editorial layout, illustration, arts criticism, columns and blogs. In 2009, the Reporter won five AAN awards, for its politics blog, for illustrations, for food writing, for "Innovation" and for the 2008 election blog, "Swing State of Mind".
References
Alternative weekly newspapers published in the United States
Newspapers published in New Mexico
Mass media in Santa Fe, New Mexico
The 2019 season for the CCC Pro Team began in January with the Tour Down Under. As a UCI WorldTeam, they were automatically invited and obligated to send a squad to every event in the UCI World Tour.
Team roster
Riders who joined the team for the 2019 season
Riders who left the team during or after the 2018 season
Season victories
National, Continental and World champions
Footnotes
References
External links
2019 road cycling season by team
C
2019 in Polish sport
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1985 season.
Overview
It was contested by 15 teams, and Alfa won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Koga Dam is a rockfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 2.2 km2. The dam impounds about 9 ha of land when full and can store 985 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1971 and completed in 1975.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1975 establishments in Japan
The Hakka Party () is a minor party in Taiwan, aiming to represent the Hakka people. Their party leader is Tsai Chua Niu.
The Hakka Party developed out of a reaction to the effects of Taiwanization, which Hakkas felt promoted the culture of the Hoklo people at the expense of Hakka and aboriginal culture. In politics, some Hakka activists perceived the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) as a "Hoklo-only party", given that the language of the DPP rallies, meetings, and protests is Taiwanese Hokkien. On the other hand, the Kuomintang was perceived to represent primarily mainlander interests.
References
External links
(archive)
2006 establishments in Taiwan
Political parties established in 2006
Political parties in Taiwan
Political parties of minorities
Hakka culture in Taiwan
Social democratic parties in Taiwan
Nicholas Wall (6 August 1884 – 3 December 1939) was an Irish politician and farmer. They were first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1923 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency. They lost their seat at the June 1927 general election and was also an unsuccessful candidate at the September 1927 general election. They were elected as a National Centre Party TD at the 1933 general election.
They became a Fine Gael TD on 8 September 1933 when Cumann na nGaedheal and the National Centre Party, along with the Army Comrades Association merged to form the new party of Fine Gael. They were elected as a Fine Gael TD at the 1937 general election but lost their seat at the 1938 general election.
References
1884 births
1939 deaths
Farmers' Party (Ireland) TDs
National Centre Party (Ireland) TDs
Fine Gael TDs
Members of the 4th Dáil
Members of the 8th Dáil
Members of the 9th Dáil
Politicians from County Waterford
Irish farmers
Melbourne Cricket Club is a cricket club based in the city of Kingston, Jamaica. The club was established on 3 May 1892 to provide a club for men of "modest means". It was the third cricket club established in Kingston, after Kingston Cricket Club and Kensington Cricket Club. In that time the club has produced 13 cricketers who represented the West Indies and another 27 players who have represented Jamaica.
Melbourne has traditionally been one of the strongest clubs in Jamaica, winning the Kingston competition (Senior Cup) seven years in a row but was less successful in the early 2000s.
Cricketers from Melbourne CC who have represented the West Indies include:
Michael Holding
Courtney Walsh
Marlon Samuels
Carlton Baugh.
References
External links
CricketArchive
Cricket teams in Jamaica
1892 establishments in Jamaica
Lieutenant-General Kenneth Stuart (September 9, 1891 – November 3, 1945) was a senior Canadian Army officer who saw active service during both the First World War and, later, the Second World War. During the latter conflict, they served as Chief of the General Staff (CGS), the head of the Canadian Army, from December 1941 until December 1943, but they are perhaps the most remembered today for their role in the Conscription Crisis of 1944.
Early life and military career
Kenneth Stuart was born on September 9, 1891 in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, the son of Henry Coleridge Stuart, an Anglican clergyman, who was then the rector of St James Church and the author of The Church of England in Canada, 1759−1793, and their wife, Annie M. Stuart (née Colston). Although there was little money, Stuart went to Bishop's College School in Lennoxville, Quebec in 1908, the same school their father had attended and where Andrew McNaughton, later destined to play a huge role in the young Stuart's military career, was an upper classman. 1908 also saw them apply for the Royal Military College of Canada (RMC), which was accepted, despite being twenty-eighth of the thirty-eight applicants. While they were there, however, they changed significantly, growing an inch-and-a-half until they were just under six foot tall, their chest measurement increased by four inches, and they made close friendships that would be maintained throughout their life, such as James Vernon Young, later a major-general, and Colin W. G. Gibson, later a Liberal cabinet minister, and they did better at their studies as, by the time they graduated, on June 22, 1911, they stood fifteen out of a class of thirty-three. They joined the Royal Canadian Engineers and received further training at the School of Military Engineering in Chatham, England. They returned to Canada in 1913 and was posted to the 1st Fortress Company in Halifax.
At the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914, Stuart commanded a battery of searchlights in the harbour of Halifax, Nova Scotia. They remained in this post for several more months, during which time they received a promotion from lieutenant to captain on 5 July 1915, before being sent overseas to France in late 1915, where they initially served with the 1st Army Troops Company, Canadian Engineers, one of the first mechanized engineer units then on the Western Front. They subsequently joined the 7th Field Company, part of the 3rd Canadian Division, and, after being promoted again, this time to the brevet rank of major, on 26 February 1917, they won the Military Cross (MC) in 1917, although they were slightly wounded in the process. The following year, they were given command of the 7th Battalion, Canadian Engineers. They were awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) during the Battle of Amiens for bridging a river whilst under enemy fire on 8 August 1918−the so-called "Black Day of the German Army". They were promoted to the acting rank of lieutenant-colonel a week later. The Armistice with Germany on 11 November brought the war to an end soon afterwards. Despite having had a relatively good war, it had left its mark upon him, with their brother having been killed in action and, although Stuart searched for four days, their brother's body was never recovered.
Between the wars
Stuart was to remain in the army during the interwar period, returning to Canada soon after the armistice. Their service was typical for an officer of that time period, moving to and from several military districts, initially as Temporary Senior Engineer Officer with the 13th Military District in Calgary, Alberta, a post they held from May 1919 until May 1920. After this they were then sent to the 5th Military District in their native Quebec, to serve as a District Engineer Officer, a position they held for well over five years, from June 1920 to November 1925. Their service at home was then interrupted when Stuart went to England where they attended the Staff College, Camberley from 1926 to 1927.
After graduation from Camberley Stuart once again returned to Canada, where they were made a District Engineer Officer, this time with the 11th Military District in Victoria, British Columbia. Stuart's service there brought them into contact with a man who was to play a significant part in their life and their later military career, Andrew McNaughton, who was then the 11th Military District's District Officer Commanding (DOC). McNaughton soon became the Chief of the General Staff (CGS), the head of the Canadian Army. The two men and their families grew close over the next few years, especially when McNaughton became CGS. Stuart's mother, a widow who lived with the Stuarts for 18 years, grew close to McNaughton and their family, who had no grandmother, and "Andy" in particular. They would alternate Christmases in Victoria and Ottawa between both the Stuart and McNaughton families. When the Second World War broke out in 1939 they died but was found in their nursing home holding two pictures, one of McNaughton, the other of their own son.
In 1929 they became the editor of the Canadian Defence Quarterly, to which they contributed many articles. On June 22, 1931 they were promoted to brevet lieutenant colonel. In 1934 they were appointed GSO1 at the Royal Military College of Canada, where they pushed for reforms to the curriculum and to the recruitment system. On July 1, 1936 they were promoted to lieutenant colonel. In 1938 they were appointed Director of Military Operations and Intelligence at National Defence Headquarters (NDHQ) and at some point they attended the Imperial Defence College in England.
Second World War
Shortly after the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939, Stuart was appointed Commandant of the Royal Military College (RMC) of Canada and was promoted to the temporary rank of brigadier (his permanent rank being colonel on the same date) on October 15, 1939. They succeeded Harry Crerar who went to London in a senior staff appointment. Although Stuart enjoyed being back at the RMC, they were at the same time frustrated at being left behind in what they considered to be a backwater. They tried numerous times to escape over the next few months but it would not be until July 1940 when their wish was granted due to Crerar returning to Canada where they assumed the position of Chief of the General Staff (CGS). They immediately made Stuart Deputy Chief of the General Staff (DCGS), which also included being an army member on the Permanent Joint Board on Defence. In March 1941 their title of DCGS was changed to that of Vice Chief of the General Staff (VCGS). On November 19, 1941 they were promoted to major general, and soon afterwards succeeded Crerar as CGS and was promoted to lieutenant general on December 24, 1941. Just over three years before they had been a lieutenant colonel.
In December 1943 they were appointed acting General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the First Canadian Army in England and then, after Crerar returned from Italy to assume command, in March 1944 Stuart was made Chief of Staff at Canadian Military Headquarters in England.
During the Conscription Crisis of 1944, Stuart took a pro-conscription stance, for which they were dismissed by General Andrew McNaughton, the Minister of National Defence.
Postwar
They died, due in large part to the illnesses which had been a constant grievance for many years, on 3 November 1945, just a few weeks after their fifty-fourth birthday. Their estate was tiny and, although their military career had spanned thirty-five years, their widow received a pension of just $180 a month. Ralston, ever a close friend of Stuart's and whose career in politics had ended at the same time (and for also taking a pro-conscription stance), informed Stuart's widow, Marguerite, via telegraph, that Stuart was "a great soldier, true as steel to their country", as well as being "a rare friend." Thomas Crerar, a recently retired member of the cabinet, believed Stuart had given "fine service to their country." Perhaps unsurprisingly, neither Mrs Stuart nor their children were delighted with a telegram from Mackenzie King, in which they declared Stuart to have been "a deeply valued personal friend." At Stuart's funeral Ralston acted as an honorary pallbearer but Harry Crerar, who was also asked to be one, declined, much to the disgust of Ralston, who in their opinion "owed more to Stuart than would ever be known."
Stuart opposed the removal of Japanese Canadians from the Pacific coast, telling Ottawa that "I cannot see that the Japanese Canadians constitute the slightest menace to national security."
Family
Stuart was married to Marguerite Dorothy Stuart, née Bauld, of Halifax; they had met them in England in 1916. They had a son, Victor, and a daughter, Marguerite Stuart Shortreed. Their son Victor (1918–2007) also attended the Royal Military College of Canada and reached the rank of Group Captain in the Royal Canadian Air Force.
References
Bibliography
External links
Generals of World War II
|-
1891 births
1945 deaths
Canadian Companions of the Order of the Bath
Canadian Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Canadian recipients of the Military Cross
Bishop's College School alumni
Royal Military College of Canada alumni
Commandants of the Royal Military College of Canada
People from Trois-Rivières
Canadian Expeditionary Force officers
Canadian Army generals of World War II
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Alumni of the Royal College of Defence Studies
Graduates of the Staff College, Camberley
Royal Canadian Engineers officers
Canadian generals
Royal Military College of Canada faculty
Commanders of the Canadian Army
Canadian military personnel from Quebec
Burials at Beechwood Cemetery (Ottawa)
Procida Bucalossi (1832–1918) and their son Ernest Bucalossi (27 May 1863 – 15 April 1933) were British-Italian light music composers and orchestral arrangers. It is difficult to differentiate their compositions and arrangements, which are often simply credited as Bucalossi.
Procida Bucalossi is primarily known for their dance arrangements (Lancers, Polka, Quadrille, Waltz) of Savoy Operas, particularly those of Gilbert & Sullivan. As a composer, Procida had success with a comic operetta Les Manteaux Noirs (The Black Cloaks) which ran at the Avenue Theatre between June and December 1882. Other compositions attributed to Procida include "Ciribiribin", the "P&O Polka" and songs titled "The Midnight Hour" and "Love, I Will Love You Forever".
Ernest Bucalossi went to work for the D'Oyly Carte company in the early 1880s and succeeded their father as conductor at the Prince of Wales's Theatre in 1881. Until 1928, they were a musical director at a variety of London theatres. Ernest is today best known for their "Grasshopper's Dance", and the rest of their compositions have slipped into obscurity. They primarily composed dances and descriptive pieces for light orchestra: the waltzes "Queen of the North", "Pastorella", "La Gitana" and "Valse-Berceuse" amongst others, the march "Pennon and Plume", a barn dance "The Careless Cuckoos", the polka "Midnight Chimes", the descriptive piece "A Hunting Scene" and incidental music to A Kiss for Cinderella.
References
External links
Procida Bucalossi dance arrangements (scroll down)
1859 births
1933 deaths
Italian male classical composers
Italian classical composers
Light music composers
19th-century Italian musicians
19th-century Italian male musicians
Anbu Sangili ( Chain of Love) is a 1991 Tamil language drama film directed by B. Nithyaraj. The film stars Anand Babu and Shamili, with Udhayan, newcomer Subisha, Dharani, Uday Prakash, Senthil, Chinni Jayanth and Vivek playing supporting roles. The film, produced by K. S. Srinivasan and K. S. Sivaraman, had musical score by Ilayagangai and was released on 30 August 1991.
Plot
Vinoth (Anand Babu) is a successful stage dancer, they are married and they have a small and clever girl Geethu (Shamili), the three live happily in their bungalow. One night, Vinoth's car moves down from a slope with Geethu alone in the car. The fugitive Victor (Udhayan), who runs from the police, manages to stop the car and saves Geethu. After that, the police arrest him. Vinoth then meets Victor in jail to help him, and Victor tells their bitter past.
In the past, Victor was a smart student, they lived in an orphanage owned by the kind-hearted church priest Adaikalam (Charuhasan). The orphanage struggled to raise funds, so Victor worked part-time as an auto rickshaw driver to help financially the orphanage. One day, Victor found a briefcase full of money in their auto rickshaw forgotten by a passenger. Victor later returned the money to that passenger Devanesan (Srikanth) who was a rich industrialist. Impressed by Victor's sincerity, Devanesan promised to give 10 lakhs rupees to the orphanage. In the meantime, Victor and Indhu (Subisha) fell in love with each other. Thereafter, Devanesan died suddenly and their personal assistant Viswanath (Uday Prakash) refused to give the money promised for the orphanage. Victor then came to know that Viswanath actually killed Devanesan for their properties and money. Victor had no other choice than stealing the money from Viswanath's house, but the police started to chase Victor and arrested them when they saved Geethu.
Vinoth decides to help Victor who has to spend three more months in jail. Vinoth gives a small fund for the orphanage, they then threatens Viswanath to give back the money but Viswanath continues to refuse and they decide to kill everyone who stands in their way. Viswanath and their henchmen kill Devanesan's faithful servant Daas, the priest Adaikalam and Vinoth's wife. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Anand Babu as Vinoth
Shamili as Geethu
Udhayan as Victor
Subisha as Indhu
Dharani as Vinoth's wife
Uday Prakash as Viswanath
Senthil as Mathrubootham
Chinni Jayanth as Antony
Vivek as Ku. Rangu
Charuhasan as Adaikalam
Srikanth as Devanesan
K. Kannan as Daas
Sethu Vinayagam as Inspector Prem
Sakthivel as Sakthi
M. Bhanumathi
Linda
Anita
Devi
Jayanthi
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Ilayagangai. The soundtrack, released in 1991, features 4 tracks with lyrics written by Vaali, Muthulingam, Sembaiah and L. G. Raniyinmaindhan.
References
1991 films
1990s Tamil-language films
Indian drama films
1991 drama films
Major-General David John St. Maur Tabor (5 October 1922 – 18 May 2004) was a British Army officer.
Military career
Educated at Eton College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, Tabor was commissioned into the Royal Horse Guards in 1942 and saw action in North-West Europe during the Second World War. They became commanding officer of the Royal Horse Guards and in that role was deployed to Cyprus. They went on to be commander of the Berlin Infantry Brigade in 1967, British Military Attaché in Washington, D.C. in 1969 and a member of the directing staff at the Royal College of Defence Studies in 1971. After that they became British Defence Attaché in Paris in 1972 and then General Officer Commanding Eastern District in 1975 before retiring in 1977.
They were made Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1977 New Year Honours List.
They married Pamela Roxane Nivison, daughter of John Nivison, 2nd Baron Glendyne, in 1955; they had two sons. After the death of their first wife, they married Marguerite Arkwright (née Verdon) in 1989. They died in 2020.
References
1922 births
2004 deaths
Military personnel from Leicestershire
People educated at Eton College
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Recipients of the Military Cross
British Army generals
Royal Horse Guards officers
People from Ashby-de-la-Zouch
British Army personnel of World War II
British military attachés
Golden Stair Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ohio in Herkimer County, north of Atwell.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Gianni Dal Maso (born 1954) is an Italian mathematician who is active in the fields of partial differential equations, calculus of variations and applied mathematics.
Scientific activity
Dal Maso studied at Scuola Normale Superiore under the guidance of Ennio De Giorgi and is professor of mathematics at the International School for Advanced Studies at Trieste, where they also serve as deputy director. Dal Maso has dealt with a number of questions related to partial differential equations and calculus of variations, covering a range of topics going from lower semicontinuity problems for multiple integrals to existence theorem for so-called free discontinuity problems, from the study of asymptotic behaviour of variational problems via so called Γ-convergence methods to fine properties of solutions to obstacle problems. In the last years they have been considerably involved in the study of problems arising from applied mathematics, developing methods aimed at describing the evolution of fractures in plasticity problems.
Recognition
Dal Maso has been awarded the Caccioppoli prize in 1990, the "Medaglia dei XL per la Matematica" by the Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze, the Prize of the Minister for the Cultural Heritage for Mathematics and Mechanics by the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei in 2003 and the Amerio prize by the Istituto Lombardo Accademia di Scienze e Lettere in 2005. They have been invited speaker and the third European Congress of Mathematics in 2000 and EMS lecturer in 2002. In 2012 they have been awarded an ERC grant.
References
External links
Website at SISSA
3d European Congress of Mathematics
Site of Caccioppoli Prize
Site of European Research Council
1954 births
Living people
21st-century Italian mathematicians
PDE theorists
European Research Council grantees
Franz Heinzl (13 April 1892 – 16 May 1922) was an Austrian footballer. They played in seven matches for the Austria national football team from 1914 to 1917.
References
External links
1892 births
1922 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Coben is a surname, and may refer to:
Cy Coben (1919-2006), American songwriter
Harlan Coben (born 1962), American author
Lawrence S. Coben (born 1958), American archaeologist
Muriel Coben (1921-1979), Canadian baseball and curling player
Sherry Coben (?), American television writer
Offstage Theatre (UK) is "an enterprising young theatre company", based in Waltham Forest, London, run by Artistic Director and Producer Cressida Brown. The company's first piece was Home, written by Gbolahan Obisesan, Cressida Brown and Emily Randall in response to the demolition of the housing estate Beaumont Road. The site-responsive piece functioned as "a valuable document of a people and a place just moments before an irrevocable change". "The project, which overwhelmed the creative team with its success" established Offstage as a Site-specific theatre company.
In 2015, Offstage Theatre was announced as recipients of the Kevin Spacey Artists of Choice Program. With KSF's support, they returned to Beaumont to create the sequel to Home, Re:Home. The production was performed at The Yard in 2016 and was nominated for Best Production and Best Ensemble at the Offies 2016.
Offstage has also staged a site-specific production of Macbeth in Paris to mark the 450th anniversary of Shakespeare's birthday. The production was featured on French news channel France 24, where director Cressida Brown and actor Florian Hutter were interviewed.
Other productions include Walking The Tightrope, ten five-minute plays exploring censorship in the arts, longlisted for Amnesty Scotland's Freedom of Expression Award. "Tricky, dangerous, stimulating, discomfiting – what serious theatre is for, in other words"., it was first shown at Theatre Delicatessen with the following plays:
Tickets are now on sale by Caryl Churchill
Please Forgive Us Whoever You Are by Ryan Craig
Sun City by April De Angelis
Beyond the Fringe by Tim Fountain
A Bond of Love by Hannah Khalil
Exhibit A by Neil LaBute
Acting Towards the Promotion of Peace by Sarah Solemani
Faust for Kids by Hattie Naylor
Re:Exhibit by Gbolahan Obisesan
Old Newland by Julia Pascal
Band Wagon by Evan Placey
What Are We Going To Do About Harry? by Mark Ravenhill
In August 2015, Walking the Tightrope transferred to the Underbelly for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, with two new commissioned works from Omar El-Khairy and Timberlake Wertenbaker; it was pick of the festival for both The Scotsman and The New York Times.
The patrons of Offstage Theatre include Richard Rogers and Baron Rogers of Riverside.
Productions
Re:Home The Yard (February 2016).
Caught by Christopher Chen, Volta Festival, Arcola (September 2015). Nominated for TBC Award at The Offies 2015
Accidental Brummie Birmingham Rep (September 2015)
Walking the Tightrope by Various, Underbelly at Edinburgh Fringe Festival (August 2015)
Walking the Tightrope by Various, Theatre Delicatessen (January 2015)
Macbeth by William Shakespeare in Association with Shakespeare & Co, Bard-En-Seine Festival, Paris (2014).
Drawing Play by Cressida Brown and the company, at The Yard, Hackney Wick (2013).
For Theatre Uncut: The Price by Lena Kitsopoulou (Greece); The Birth of my Violence from Marco Canale (Spain); Pine by Clara Brennan (UK), New York Theatre Row (NY) (2012).
Amphibians by Steve Waters, in an abandoned swimming pool (2011). One of '2011 Ones to Watch' in The Guardian and described by Susannah Clapp in The Observer as "For once a production has earned the description 'site-specific'" Nominated for the OffWestEnd Awards (Offies) in six categories: Best New Play, Best Director, Best Set Designer, Best Sound Designer, Best Lighting Designer, Best Choreographer.
Scum in Trinity Buoy Wharf, site of London's only lighthouse; part of CETT Fellowship (2009).
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead by Tom Stoppard in association with the Royal Shakespeare Company, Novello Theatre (2009).
Phaedra by Jean Racine, in the ruins of Craigmillar Castle, Edinburgh Festival (2007). Nominated for the Three Weeks Editors Award
Home by Cressida Brown, Ghobolan Obeisan and Emily Randall, in the vacated St Catherine's tower block on the Beaumont Road Estate in East London (2006).
References
External links
Writer Steve Waters on Amphibians
Performing groups established in the 2000s
The North Coast Inland Trail (often abbreviated as NCIT) is a work-in-process multipurpose trail project that currently consists of several separate portions, defined by their counties, in northern Ohio, United States. Affiliates with the trails have high hopes to connect all of these portions and to extend the trails into Indiana and Pennsylvania, two of Ohio's land-bordering states.
History
Railroad Beginnings
The North Coast Inland Trail primarily follows a route built by the Toledo, Norwalk, and Cleveland Railroad (TN&C) from 1851-1853. This line was built during an intense competition with the Junction Railroad to be the first to connect Toledo and Cleveland, and ultimately fill the last remaining railroad gap connecting Chicago to Buffalo. Executives of the TN&C made a decision to bypass Woodville and Perrysburg and forge a line straight through the Black Swamp from Fremont to Toledo, saving crucial time and money by shortening the distance by eleven miles. The towns of Lindsey, Elmore, Genoa, and Millbury sprung up along the line as a result of this time-saving decision.
Several mile markers are still visible on the trail with a large "C" or "B," along with a number indicating how many miles remain until Chicago or Buffalo, respectively. The Toledo, Norwalk, and Cleveland Railroad completed their line first, tow
Junction Railroad eventually completed their line, situated along Lake Erie, and in 1853 the two rival companies merged to form the Cleveland & Toledo Railroad. This operation became part of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway in 1869 and eventually the New York Central Railroad.
The Junction Railroad's line became known as the Northern Division, and the original TN&C's line became known as the Southern Division. The Northern Division gained favor over time due to its shorter distance and the Southern Route was eventually abandoned.
During the 1980s several park districts and counties began an effort to convert the abandoned Southern Division into a multi-use pedestrian path. The North Coast Inland Trail Conservancy was created by supporters in Genoa and Elmore.
In 1992, several park districts agreed to create a series of connecting trails across the state of Ohio. The non-profit organization Firelands Rails to Trails, Inc. gave the project the collective name "North Coast Inland Trail" in 2000.
In 2008, the NCIT was extended from Fremont to Lindsey and Elmore.
In 2021 the latest section of the North Coast Inland Trail was finished, extending the western terminus of the trail from Elmore, Ohio to Genoa, Ohio.
Funding
The North Coast Inland Trail is mostly funded by the federal government, but is also partially funded by private organizations and local governments.
Design
The trails are designed to cover many different landscapes, including farmland, urban areas, and forests. Many of the trails follow railroads. Some of these trails are paved over abandoned railways, while others follow alongside active railroads. Because of road obstacles, the trails themselves sometimes cut off before large cities and highways, and signs are placed throughout the open cities or areas, leading the followers to the next segment of the trails, which, in some cases, can be slightly hazardous.
The trails are also designed to "allow people within [counties] to easily move from community to community" and to "connect people and neighborhoods," as stated by Jim Ziemnik, the director of the Lorain County Metro Parks district. The convenience of the trails is also believed to help enhance the real estate appraisal of community homes near the trails.
Portions
Because the North Coast Inland Trail is not yet complete, it is currently separated into several disconnected portions that are generally defined by specific counties. The North Coast Inland Trail also has many small and incomplete segments in many areas of northern Ohio besides in these four counties, such as in Wood County and Lucas County, which are planned to eventually be expanded and connected. The following are the four prominent portions of the project:
Huron County
The Huron County portion of the trails is about 20 miles long and extends from Bellevue, through Monroeville and Norwalk to Collins. This portion is not completely paved; some parts are dirt trails. This portion of the trail is constructed over what were several abandoned railways managed by several defunct railroad companies. The Huron County portion was the first trail to be labeled as a part of the North Coast Inland Trail, and was established by and is maintained by the nonprofit organization Firelands Rails to Trails.
Lorain County
The Lorain County portion of the trails is 13 miles long, is completely paved, and extends from Elyria to Kipton. The entire trail particularly follows several abandoned railways. This portion of the trails was established by and is managed by the park district Lorain County Metro Parks.
Sandusky County
The Sandusky County portion of the trails is 27 miles long, is completely paved, and extends from Bellevue to the Ottawa County city of Genoa. The segment of this trail that extends from Bellevue to Clyde was built in 2012. Part of the Sandusky County trail follows an active railroad, and at one point also runs on a bridge across the Sandusky River in the city of Fremont. This portion of the trails was established by and is managed by the Sandusky County Park District.
Ottawa County
The Ottawa County portion of the NCIT is about 6.5 miles long and extends from the county line through Elmore to Genoa, ending in the back of Genoa's Veterans Park. This portion is completely paved; however about 0.9 miles is a shared path along Martin-Williston Road in Clay Township. The Park District of Ottawa County is working on extending the NCIT to Millbury in Wood County.
Plans of expansion
The project's eventual objective is to connect the state of Indiana to the state of Pennsylvania with a large bike trail, but the project has not at all yet extended to either of these states. However, users of the trails can also connect to one of these states if they take other nearby, unrelated trails.
There are also many improvement and expansion plans for the current Ohio trails. The Lorain County Metro Parks district in Lorain County has done improvements to the Lorain County portion that costed hundreds of thousands of dollars, which Ziemnik said "was not a financial risk for [them]."
An example of a recently added extension of the trails is the Huron County portion's extension, which leads through the entire city of Norwalk in order to eventually connect into a planned trail segment in Erie County. This portion is not a paved trail, but leads followers through the city using green-painted curbs, which is unique to any other segment of the project.
The most recent extension to the trail project is a 1.8-mile gravel trail in Lorain County that follows an abandoned railroad, which is planned to later be paved over and connected to the prominent trail in Lorain County.
The Ohio Department of Transportation has proposed that most of the trail be designated as a part of USBR 30, a federal bicycle route that will eventually span much of the Northern United States linking Ohio with the Northwestern United States and New England.
Regulations
The trails are always open, and the trail regulations allow biking, walking, and inline skating. However, they do not allow motor vehicles, with the exception of staff, ranger, and handicap service vehicles. The regulations also do not allow skateboards.
Events
A yearly marathon is held exclusively in Elyria on the North Coast Inland Trail called the Inland Trail Marathon. The results of the marathon are split between male and female participants.
In 2006, more than 150 cyclists took a 3-day bicycle trek starting from Williams County, Ohio near the Indiana borderline and ending at Oberlin, Ohio. One of the trails that this trek underwent was the Lorain County portion of the North Coast Inland Trail.
In October 2014, a geocaching event was held in Lorain County. Some of the geocaches were hidden along the North Coast Inland Trail.
See also
Ohio River Trail
Ohio to Erie Trail
References
Bike paths in Ohio
2000 establishments in Ohio
Astley Castle is a ruinous moated fortified 16th century manor house in North Warwickshire. It has been listed as a Grade II* listed building since 1952 and as a Scheduled Ancient Monument since 1994. It was derelict and neglected since it was severely damaged by fire in 1978 whilst in use as a hotel and was officially a Building at Risk. The building reopened as a holiday let in 2012 after extensive and novel renovations that combine modern elements within the (mostly) renaissance remains. In 2013, Astley Castle won the Royal Institute of British Architects Stirling Prize for architecture, as an "exceptional example" of the blending of an ancient monument with modern architecture.
Early history
The Astley family held the manor from the 12th century. It is not thought likely that there was ever a true 'castle' at Astley. Although a licence to crenellate the manor house there was granted in 1266, the property was only ever a fortified house.
Sir William Astley died in 1420 leaving their estate to their daughter who had married, in 1415, Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn from a dynasty of marcher lords who controlled the borderlands between England and Wales.
The Greys rebuilt the manor house in 1555 and most of the remains date from this time or later. The rectangular building rose to two storeys with attics above hidden by embattled parapets.
Three Queens
During the period of Grey ownership in the 15th and 16th centuries the manor was at the centre of national events. Sir John Grey married Elizabeth Woodville who after their death in 1461 went on to become Queen of Edward IV.
Them daughter Elizabeth of York became Queen in 1486 upon their marriage to Henry VII. Frances Brandon, granddaughter of Elizabeth of York married Henry Grey, Duke of Suffolk and their daughter Lady Jane Grey was proclaimed Queen in 1553. She, their husband and father were executed in 1554. The family were disgraced. Astley Castle was slighted and forfeited and sold by the Crown to Edward Chamberlain who restored and carried out many alterations to the fabric.
English Civil War
Astley Castle was a Parliamentary stronghold during the English Civil War, one of a network of small, troublesome garrisons (to the Royalists) that infested this part of the English Midlands, drawing upon surrounding villages for their support. According to one of the garrison muster lists submitted to the committee of accounts at Warwick, Captain Hunt and Lieutenant Goodere Hunt commanded about thirty five soldiers here in July 1644. Ann Hughes, links Astley to the "rebel towns" described by royalist propaganda broadsheets as governed by low-born tinkers, cobblers and pedlars, pointing out that Hunt was "an illiterate shoemaker" before the war, prosecuted in 1647 for 'requisitioning' a gentleman's horse. The small but active Astley garrison compares with Tinker Fox's celebrated band of 7 officers and 42 troopers at Edgbaston Hall, George Kendall's 6 officers and 21 soldiers at Maxstoke Castle and Waldyve Willington's garrison of around 130 soldiers at Tamworth Castle (including 'the town company') in accounts from July 1645 (SP 28/123/part 2).
The size of the Warwickshire garrisons varied, troops being often shifted at short notice and sent out when they were needed for scouting parties, to collect levies and to carry out raids and sieges on royalist garrisons. The muster at Astley on 9 July 1645 which lists 79 officers and 462 "horse troops" under the command of Major Hawkswell, was an unusually large gathering, with the town's population swollen by the sudden arrival of troops from surrounding garrisons, including Edgbaston and Tamworth. Most of these horse troops were probably quartered in the village, with some of the officers and Goodere Hunt's foot soldiers occupying the castle (SP 28/122/part 2).
Newdigate
In 1674 the castle was sold to the Newdigate family of Arbury Hall and became their secondary home. It was the home of Lieut-Gen. Edward Newdigate Newdegate until their death in 1902.
Decline and restoration
The property was leased out during the 20th century and in the early 1960s became a hotel. It was largely destroyed by fire in 1978, and thereafter the ruins stood neglected and deteriorating. Much effort to find a use for the shell that would justify the substantial cost of renovation came to nothing. In the early 2000s the owners together with English Heritage, the local authority and the Landmark Trust planned for restorations that were finished in 2012. They sought to create a "Landmark for the 21st Century" that introduced modern accommodations while maintaining the ruins. The renovations were carried out by Witherford Watson Mann Architects and consulting engineers Mann Williams and Price & Myers. The restoration won the 2013 RIBA Stirling Prize.
Notes
Citations
References
A History of the County of Warwick, Volume 6 (1951) pp 21–22 from British History Online
External links
Landmark Trust site
Case study: Astley Castle, Astley, Warwickshire, West Midlands
The Nuneaton Local History Group
Manor houses in England
Grade II* listed buildings in Warwickshire
Scheduled monuments in Warwickshire
Rebuilt buildings and structures in the United Kingdom
Structures formerly on the Heritage at Risk register
USA-135, also known as GPS IIA-19, GPS II-28 and GPS SVN-38, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the last of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-135 was launched at 00:30:00 UTC on 6 November 1997, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D249, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-135 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 13 December 1997, USA-135 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 722.00 minutes, and 54.90° of inclination to the equator. It broadcasts the PRN 08 signal, and operates in slot 3 of plane A of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years, but it actually remained in service until 30 October 2014.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1997
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The Stranded is an American comic series created by Virgin Comics, and published by Diamond Comics.
The series is in collaboration with the Sci-Fi Channel. It was announced that The Stranded was being fast-tracked into a pilot for the Sci-Fi Channel, with the pilot to be written by comics series writer Mike Carey. This does not seem to have been realized.
The series is illustrated by artist Siddharth Kotian, and revolves around several aliens who are stranded on earth, as others from their planet arrive.
See also
Indian comics
References
External links
The Stranded at Virgin Comics Homepage
2007 comics debuts
Virgin Comics titles
USS Cubera (SS-347), a submarine, was a ship of the United States Navy named for the cubera, a large fish of the snapper family found in the West Indies.
Cubera (SS-347) was launched 17 June 1945 by Electric Boat Co., Groton, Conn.; sponsored by Mrs. J. Taber; commissioned 19 December 1945 and reported to the Atlantic Fleet.
After shakedown training off New London, Cubera arrived at Key West, Fla., 19 March 1946. They tested sonar equipment, provided services to experimental antisubmarine warfare development projects in the Florida Straits, and joined in fleet exercises until 4 July 1947 when they sailed to Philadelphia Naval Shipyard for an extensive GUPPY II modernization.
Returning to Key West 9 March 1948 Cubera continued to operate locally out of this port, as well as taking part in fleet exercises in the Caribbean and Atlantic until 3 July 1952 when they arrived at Norfolk, their new home port.
Cubera appeared in Ray Harryhausen's It Came from Beneath the Sea (1955), playing an "atomic sub" used to dispatch the film's giant octopus.
Through 1957 Cubera conducted local operations, and participated in fleet exercises in the Caribbean, as well as cruising to Sydney, Nova Scotia, in June 1955. During 1959 and 1960, they were assigned to Task Force Alfa, a force conducting constant experiments to improve antisubmarine warfare techniques. With this group they cruised the western Atlantic from Nova Scotia to Bermuda.
ARV Tiburon (S-12)
Cubera was decommissioned and sold under the Security Assistance Program to Venezuela 5 January 1972. The Venezuelan Navy renamed their ARV Tiburon (S-12) ("Tiburon" means shark in Spanish). They were subsequently scrapped by Venezuela in 1989.
References
External links
USS Cubera website
Balao-class submarines
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
1945 ships
Cold War submarines of the United States
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Bolivarian Navy of Venezuela
Balao-class submarines of the Bolivarian Navy of Venezuela
Jon Michael Roehlk (June 25, 1961 – March 13, 2016) was an Arena football offensive/defensive lineman in the Arena Football League (AFL). They played college football at the University of Iowa.
In 1999, Roehlk was elected into the Arena Football Hall of Fame. They died in 2016 after a period of declining health. Roehlk was survived by their brothers Former Hawkeye Football Player and Former Durant Track Coach, Phil Roehlk and Anthony Roehlk.
References
External links
Pro-Football-Reference.com
1961 births
American football offensive linemen
American football defensive linemen
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Washington Commandos players
Chicago Bears players
Detroit Drive players
National Football League replacement players
Miami Hooters players
Iowa Barnstormers players
2016 deaths
Vartha () is a 1986 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by I. V. Sasi and produced by P. V. Gangadharan. The film stars Mammootty, Seema, Mohanlal, Rahman, Venu Nagavally, K. P. A. C. Lalitha and Prathapachandran. The film has musical score by A. T. Ummer. The film was successful at the box office. The film was remade in Tamil as Palaivana Rojakkal (1986), and in Hindi as Jai Shiv Shankar, which never released.
Plot
Cast
Mammootty as Madhavan Kutty
Mohanlal as Parol Vasu
Rahman as Unnikrishnan
Seema as Radha Menon IAS
Nalini as Vasanthi
Venu Nagavally as Devan
Prathapachandran as Nambeeshan
Devan as Revenue Minister Philip
T. G. Ravi as Manikyam Kumar
Janardhanan as James
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Kunjulakshmi
Manavalan Joseph as Constable
Jagannatha Varma as Kurup
Babu Namboothiri as Venu
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Keshavan Nair
K. P. A. C. Sunny as Enforcement Officer
K. P. A. C. Azeez as City Police Commissioner
Balan K. Nair as Forest Minister
Kuthiravattam Pappu as Hamsa
Kundara Johny as Francis
Paravoor Bharathan as Bharathan
Kunjandi as Pachu Pillai
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Radha's Relative
Sonia as Young Radha
Santhakumari as Ammukutty
K. T. C. Abdullah uncredited roll
Baskara Kurup as Hajyar
V. Ramachandran as Engineer Sahadevan
Release
The film was released on 12 February 1986.
Box office
The film was a commercial success. The film was the third highest grossing Malayalam film of the year 1986.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and the lyrics were written by Bichu Thirumala.
Awards
Filmfare Award for Best Film - Malayalam won by P. V. Gangadharan (1986)
References
External links
1986 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Malayalam films remade in other languages
Films directed by I. V. Sasi
The men's marathon at the 2003 World Championships in Paris, France, was held on Saturday, August 30, 2003.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Records
Intermediates
Final ranking
See also
Athletics at the 2003 Pan American Games – Men's marathon
2003 World Marathon Cup
Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's marathon
References
Results
IAAF
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
2003 marathons
Men's marathons
Marathons in France
Keith Williams may refer to:
Sports
Keith Williams (baseball) (born 1972), San Francisco Giants baseball player
Keith Williams (basketball) (born 1965), American basketball player
Keith Williams (basketball, born 1998), American basketball player
Football
Keith Williams (bodybuilder) (born 1973), and former American footballer
Keith Williams (Australian footballer) (1926–2004), Fitzroy VFL footballer
Keith Williams (footballer, born 1937), footballer for Everton, Tranmere Rovers, Plymouth Argyle and Bristol Rovers
Keith Williams (footballer, born 1957), footballer for Aston Villa, Northampton Town and Bournemouth
Keith Williams (cornerback) (born 1983), Canadian football cornerback
Keith Williams (offensive lineman) (born 1988), Pittsburgh Steelers football player
Others
Keith Williams (architect) (born 1958), British architect
Keith Williams (business person), British business person
Keith Williams (comics) (born 1957), American comic book and comic strip artist
Keith Daniel Williams (1947–1996), American triple murderer
Keith P. Williams, American politician, member of the North Carolina General Assembly
Keith Williams (developer) (1929–2011), Australian entrepreneur
Keith Williams, Jamaican reggae singer better known as Honey Boy
Keith Williams, character in Ambush at Cimarron Pass
Keith Williams, winner of 2003 Jeopardy! College Championship and creator of The Final Wager
See also
William Keith (disambiguation)
Williams (disambiguation)
Keith (disambiguation)
Ecua is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae, first described in 1996. It contains only one known species, Ecua moluccensis, endemic to Maluku Province in eastern Indonesia.
References
External links
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Endemic flora of the Maluku Islands
Echiteae
Betty Workman (September 26, 1924 – May 1, 2018) was an American politician who served in the Maryland House of Delegates from District 1B from 1987 to 1999. They were a member of the Democratic party.
They died on May 1, 2018, in La Vale, Maryland at age 93.
References
1924 births
2018 deaths
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
Maryland Democrats
Politicians from Cumberland, Maryland
Kışlaköy (literally "barracks village" in Turkish) may refer to the following places in Turkey:
Kışlaköy, Araç
Kışlaköy, Bartın
Kışlaköy, Elmalı
Kışlaköy, Mut
Kışlaköy, Narman
Kışlaköy, Sungurlu
See also
Kışla (disambiguation)
Peter Anthony Togni (born September 12, 1959) is a freelance Canadian composer and broadcaster based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. "Togni's music is deeply felt, simply put, well-crafted and irradiated by a personal sense of the divine."
Biography
Togni's music is spiritually rooted and contemplative. It ranges from the ethereally quiet to the explosive outer limits of contemplation. Togni has been heard everywhere from Toronto's Roy Thompson Hall, the Moscow Conservatory, the Oriental Arts Centre in Shanghai, to the Vatican in Rome for Pope John Paul II. Their music is broadcast regularly in Canada on the CBC, as well as internationally, including on the BBC, Classic FM, Deutsche Welle and Radio France.
Togni's works have been released on XXI Records, CBC Records, Hänssler Classics, Warner Classics UK. In 2010 their Lamentatio Jeremiah Prophetae, a concerto for bass clarinet and choir, was recorded by bass clarinettist Jeff Reilly and the Elmer Iseler Singers and released on the ECM label, produced by Manfred Eicher. In October 2012 the Togni Trio's latest recording Spatium was released, and in 2013 Togni's latest solo CD, Piano Alone, came out.
In 2006, Togni's Illuminations (a concerto for bass clarinet and string orchestra) was nominated for a Juno award in the category Classical Composition of the Year. 2011 brought two nominations for Togni's Lamentations of Jeremiah, for an East Coast Music Award in the Classical Music category, and for a Juno award in the category Classical Composition of the Year. The work was also a finalist in 2010 for the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia Masterworks Arts Award. In 2012, Togni's new work Missa Liberationis, the result of a project with the Latvian Youth Choir BALSIS was published by Musica Baltica, and was premiered in Canada by Pro Coro Canada. Also in 2012, Togni was the recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Medal in honour of contributions made to Canadian community life.
The Responsio project for bass clarinettist Jeff Reilly and vocal quartet premiered in July 2013 and the recording was released in 2015 on ATMA Classique, to critical acclaim. The work is also the grand prize winner of the 2014 Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia Masterworks Arts Award. Warrior Songs, a work for percussionist Jerry Granelli and choir premiered in Bolder Colorado in 2014, with its Canadian premiere taking place in March 2015 with the Elmer Iseler Singers in Toronto. Work on Isis and Osiris, Gods of Egypt, an opera based on the libretto of Sharon Singer and in collaboration with Opera in Concert is underway, with a planned premiere for April 2016.
Togni is also a pianist, improviser and organist. They have given many solo recitals across Canada and in Europe. In July 2015, Togni took part in the 53rd Magadino International Organ Festival in Switzerland, which was co-founded by their late father, Victor Togni. They have also worked extensively in Canada as a church musician. They were music director at St. Mary's Cathedral in Calgary, an organist at St. Michael's Cathedral in Toronto and organist and choir master at St. Mary's Cathedral Basilica in Halifax. They were the organist in the world-renowned trio Sanctuary alongside bass clarinettist Jeff Reilly and cellist Christoph Both. Sanctuary, which was based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, was formed in 1999, and performed across Canada and around the world, at venues such as St. John's, Smith Square in London, Saint- Séverin in Paris and the Dome Cathedral in Riga, Latvia. In 2008 they were the first Canadians since Glenn Gould to play at Philharmonic Hall, in St. Petersburg Russia. They have also made several recordings including their acclaimed CD The heart has its reasons for Warner Classics UK, and their most recent CD Estuary, was released in 2015. The Togni Trio, a jazz ensemble with drummer Malcolm Gould and bassist George Koeller, performs throughout Canada and the United States, and has two released recordings. Togni also regularly collaborates with artists such as jazz saxophonist Mike Murley and cellist Jeffrey Ziegler.
Togni was born in Pembroke, Ontario in 1959, and is the son of organ master Victor Togni. They spent their early years in Toronto, where they attended St. Michael's Choir School. They later went on to study at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, studying organ with Frederick Geoghegan and composition with Stephen Chatman. They went on to study organ and improvisation in Paris, France, with the great French organist Jean Langlais. Togni also studied composition with Allain Gaussin at the Schola Cantorum in Paris where they were awarded first prize in composition.
For over twenty years, Togni has also been a broadcaster, hosting radio programs for CBC Radio 2, including That Time of the Night, the award-winning Stereo Morning, Weekender and Choral Concert. They currently reside in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Nominations and awards
2006 - Illuminations - Juno nomination; Classical Composition of the Year
2006 - The Heart Has Its Reasons; East Coast Music Award nomination; Classical Recording of the Year
2010 - Lamentations of Jeremiah - Nova Scotia Masterworks Arts Award Finalist
2011 - Lamentations of Jeremiah - East Coast Music Award nomination; Classical Recording of the Year
2011 - Lamentations of Jeremiah - Juno nomination; Classical Composition of the Year
2012 - Recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Medal
2014 - Responsio - Nova Scotia Masterworks Arts Award Grand Prize Winner
2016 - Estuary; CD by the Sanctuary Trio - East Coast Music Award nomination; Classical Recording of the Year
2016 - Responsio; CD - Juno nomination; Classical Album of the Year: Vocal or Choral Performance
Selected works
Choral
When the Dawn Appears (1989) – Choir SSAA
Create in me a clean heart (1990) – Choir SATB
Ave Verum (1994) – Choir SATB
Psalm 98 (1997) – Choir SATB, TTBB
Antiphon (1999) – Choral version SATB
Totus Tuus (2001) – Choir SATB
Grandmother Moon (2001) – Double Choir SATB & soloists
Missa Domus Mea (2001) – Choir SATB
Sacer Dotes Domini (2001) – Choir SATB
Prayer of St. Francis (pre-2002) – Choir SATB and Piano (Kellman Hall)
Of the Fathers Love Begotten (2003) – Choir SATB
Lamentations of Jeremiah (2007) – Choir SATB and Bass Clarinet
Cantico delle Creature (2007) – Choir SATB and Organ
Mass of St. Thomas Aquinas (2008) – Parish Mass, Congregational setting and Organ
Requiem et Lux (2009) – Mixed choir
Lux Aeterna (2010) – Gamelan & six voices
Warrior Songs (2014) – Percussion and mixed choir
Da Pacem Domine (2014) - From Warrior Songs
Earth Voices" (2014) - Choir
The Final Word is Love" (2015) - SATB a cappella
Instrumental
Tenebrae Litanies (1991) – String Orchestra
Hymns of Heaven and Earth (String Quartet No.1) (2001) – String Quartet
Caspian Blue (2004) – Piano and String Quartet
Lamentations of Jeremiah (2007) – Choir SATB and Bass Clarinet
O Magnum Mysterium (2007) – Solo Piano
Solstice Nights (2008) – Oboe D'Amore and String Quartet
Piano Verses (2008) – Solo Piano
Personal Legend (String Quartet No.2) (2008) – String Quartet
Seven Preludes (2010) – Organ
Albums
Sea Dreams Luminous Voices; Leaf Music (2020)
Estuary Sanctuary Trio; Independent (2016)
Responsio; ATMA classique (2015)
Piano Alone Peter-Anthony Togni; Independent (2013)
Spatium The Togni Trio; Independent (2013)
Lamentatio Jeremiae Prophet Elmer Iseler Singers, Jeff Reilly; ECM (2010)
The heart has its reasons Sanctuary; Warner Classics UK (2005)
Christus St. Mary's Basilica Gallery Choir (2004)
Refuge Floating Senses; Hanssler Classics (2003)
Puer natus in Bethlehem, Alleluia! Elmer Iseler Singers; CBC Records (2003)
Sanctuary Sanctuary; XXIII Records (2001)
Shimmeree Peter Togni Trio; Atma Records (1997)
References
External links
Peter A. Togni biography at the Canadian Music Center
la schola cantorum
Choral Concert on CBC Radio 2
Sanctuary
Elmer Iseler Singers
Allain Gaussin
1959 births
Living people
Canadian classical composers
Classical music radio presenters
CBC Radio hosts
Musicians from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Musicians from Ontario
People from Pembroke, Ontario
Sacred music composers
Schola Cantorum de Paris alumni
University of British Columbia alumni
Canadian male classical composers
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
20th-century Canadian composers
20th-century Canadian male musicians
21st-century Canadian male musicians
This article lists events from the year 2021 in The Bahamas.
Incumbents
Monarch: Elizabeth II
Governor-General: Cornelius A. Smith
Prime Minister: Philip Davis
Events
1 January – New Year Honours
Dr. Merceline Dahl-Regis is awarded the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George for services to Public and Community health.
10 March – Authorities worry about an increase in migrants from Haiti and Cuba. The skipper of a raft from Cuba is arrested for human trafficking after their raft explodes, leaving one dead and five missing (including a 28-year-old woman and their two children, 4 and 6). Twenty others were rescued; three of the rescuers had to be treated in a Bahamian hospital for sunburn.
Deaths
17 March – Ed Armbrister, 72, baseball player (Cincinnati Reds); complications from diabetes.
See also
List of years in the Bahamas
2021 in the Caribbean
COVID-19 pandemic in the Bahamas
2021 Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
U.S. must better engage Bahamas, where our competitor, China, is making major investments (Opinion, The Miami Herald, January 7, 2021)
2020s in the Bahamas
Years of the 21st century in the Bahamas
Bahamas
Bahamas
Shubhraj Bhat () is an Indian voice actor. They speak English and Hindi.
Bhat is known for being the Hindi dubbing voice for Skandar Keynes's role as Edmund Pevensie in The Chronicles of Narnia film series.
Filmography
See also
Dubbing (filmmaking)
List of Indian dubbing artists
References
Male actors in Hindi cinema
21st-century Indian male actors
Indian male voice actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stanley Arthur Lay (27 July 1906 – 12 May 2003) was a New Zealand javelin thrower who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics, 1930 British Empire Games, 1938 British Empire Games, and 1950 British Empire Games. In 1928, they finished seventh. At the British Empire Games they won a gold medal in 1930 and a silver in 1938, placing sixth in 1950.
Lay's best throw of 67.89 m was achieved in London on 7 July 1928 prior to the 1928 Olympics. Officials thought they had broken the world record, but they had overlooked Eino Penttilä's record throw of 69.88 the previous year. Lay's throw remained the Commonwealth record for 26 years.
Lay was a signwriter at Stratford, and could not afford the time off to go to the 1934 British Empire Games in London. At the 1950 Empire Games Lay took the oath on behalf of all competitors.
In the 1988 New Year Honours, Lay was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire, for services to sport. Two years later they were inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame.
References
Further reading
Photo of Stan Lay, 1930s
Stan Lay Flies Higher, portrait by Virginia Winder, website of Puke Ariki, 13 August 2004
1906 births
2003 deaths
New Zealand male javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of New Zealand
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1930 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1938 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1950 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for New Zealand
Sportspeople from Stratford, New Zealand
New Zealand Members of the Order of the British Empire
Sportspeople from New Plymouth
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
WWE Madison Square Garden Classics is a professional wrestling television program on the MSG Network, produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It debuted in a two-hour block on July 12, 2006 and was hosted by longtime wrestling announcer "Mean" Gene Okerlund, primarily recapping and reairing WWF on MSG Network shows throughout the 1980s and early 1990s.
History
On July 12, 2006, WWE programming returned to MSG Network for the first time since March 16, 1997. Two back to back episodes of MSG Classics air every Wednesday night. Each hour shows highlights of a WWF house show that took place at Madison Square Garden, originally telecast live on the network in the 1980s and 1990s.
Also featured are past episodes of Raw from the Garden, although only three such episodes to date have aired; on July 26, 2006, the very first Raw to take place at the Garden in September 1997; another featuring a past episode of Raw from MSG that took place in September 2002 aired on September 13, 2006; and a third with Raw from June 23, 2003 aired on September 5, 2007. Finally, the SummerSlam 1988 and SummerSlam 1991 pay-per-views along with "The War to Settle the Score" and "The Brawl to End it All" specials have also been shown. The show's run ended in 2008 but episodes 67-74 were rerun four times each from April 29, 2009 to August 26, 2009.
Episode list
See also
WWF on MSG Network
MSG Network
World Wrestling Entertainment
References
External links
2006 American television series debuts
Television series by WWE
MSG Network original programming
The 2007–08 season was PFC CSKA Sofia's 57th season in A Group. This article shows player statistics and all matches (official and friendly) that the club have and will play during the 2007–08 season.
Players
Squad information
Appearances for competitive matches only
|-
|colspan="14"|Players sold or loaned out after the start of the season:
|}
As of game played start of season
Players in/out
Summer transfers
In:
Out:
Winter transfers
In:
Out:
Table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
League
Bulgarian Cup
UEFA Cup
Second qualifying round
First round
Friendlies
See also
List of unbeaten football club seasons
External links
Official Site
PFC CSKA Sofia seasons
Cska Sofia
Bulgarian football championship-winning seasons
Cumbernauld South is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects four Councillors and covers the south-western parts of Cumbernauld (Carbrain, Condorrat, Greenfaulds and Ravenswood). A 2017 review caused the loss of the town centre commercial area and the Seafar neighbourhood (excepting the McGregor Road area) with the population decreasing as a result – in 2019, this was 15,905.
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
2012 Election
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Cumbernauld
Turnera subulata is a species of flowering plant in the passionflower family known by the common names white buttercup, sulphur alder, politician's flower, dark-eyed turnera, and white alder. Despite its names, it is not related to the buttercups or the alders. It is native to Central and South America, from Panama south to Brazil. It is well known in many other places as an introduced species, such as Malaysia, Indonesia, several other Pacific Islands, the Caribbean, and Florida in the United States. It is commonly cultivated as a garden flower.
Growth
This plant is a perennial herb growing from a thick taproot and woody stem base. It reaches a maximum height around . The leaves are roughly oval in shape with toothed edges. The undersides are glandular and coated in white hairs. The upper surfaces may be somewhat hairy, as well. The leaves are up to long. Flowers occur in the leaf axils, borne in calyces of hairy, glandular sepals. The petals are rounded to oval, the longest exceeding . They are white or yellowish with darker bases. The dark patches at the bases are nectar guides. The center of the flower is rough, feeling like a cat's tongue. The fruit is a hairy capsule containing seeds with white arils. The seeds are dispersed by ants, who are likely attracted to their high lipid content. The plant is pollinated by a variety of insects, including the bee Protomeliturga turnerae, which is oligolectic, specializing on this plant species and depending completely on it for reproduction. The male bee builds their territory around the plant, for example. Thus, this particular bee is a common pollinator of the flowers. Other insects observed at the plant include many other bee species, such as Trigona spinipes, Frieseomelitta doederleinii, and Plebeia flavocinta, butterflies such as Nisoniades macarius and Urbanus dorantes, and the beetle Pristimerus calcaratus.
Appearance
Like most other Turnera, this species is heterostylous, with two morphs. The "pin" morph has long styles in its flowers, while the "thrum" morph has short styles. Both morphs produce the same amount of pollen. One study reported that during pollination, pin flowers receive more pollen from thrum flowers than from other pin flowers. The genes that cause this dimorphism in style size are the subject of current research. So far, it has been established that short styles contain proteins, polygalacturonases, that are absent in long styles.
Traditional medicine
This plant has uses in traditional medicine.
References
External links
subulata
Medicinal plants
Richard Paul Blakeney (1820–1884) was an Irish-born religious writer and cleric. They were well known as a vigorous champion of evangelical doctrines in the Church of England, and was the author of a large number of controversial books and tracts, which attained a wide circulation.
Life
Blakeney was descended from an old Norfolk family, which had moved to Ireland before their birth. They were educated at Trinity College, Dublin, where they graduated B.A. in 1842, taking high honours in theology. In 1852 they proceeded LL.B. and LL.D. Meanwhile they became curate of St Paul's Church, George Street, Nottingham in 1843, vicar of Hyson Green, Nottinghamshire, in 1844, vicar of Christ Church, Claughton, Birkenhead, in January 1852, vicar of Bridlington in 1874, rural dean of Bridlington in 1876, and a canon of York in 1882.
The University of Edinburgh conferred on them the degree of D.D. in 1868. Blakeney died at Bridlington on 31 December 1884.
Works
Translation of the Moral Theology of Alphonsus Liguori, 1845, 2nd ed. 1852
A Manual of Romish Controversy, being a complete Refutation of the Creed of Pope Pius IV, 1851 (this work is stated to have passed through ten editions).
Protestant Catechism, or Popery refuted and Protestantism established by the Word of God, 1854.
History and Interpretation of the Book of Common Prayer, 1865, 3rd ed. 1878.
References
External links
1820 births
1884 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
English Christian religious leaders
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Irish religious writers
19th-century Irish writers
Evangelical Anglican clergy
The Scofield-Sanor House is a historic house in Columbus, Ohio, United States. The house was built in 1899 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The Scofield-Sanor House was built at a time when East Broad Street was a tree-lined avenue featuring the most ornate houses in Columbus; the house reflects the character of the area at the time. The building is also part of the 21st & E. Broad Historic Group on the Columbus Register of Historic Properties, added to the register in 1988.
Lovett T. Scofield, president of the Andrus-Scofield Company, lived in the house from 1910 to 1914. Daniel G. Sanor lived there later on, from 1918 to 1931. Gertrude Starr was a subsequent resident, renting several rooms. The Ohio State Grange acquired the property in 1950, and has used it as its headquarters since then.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
External links
Houses completed in 1899
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Houses in Columbus, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Columbus Register properties
Neoclassical architecture in Ohio
Broad Street (Columbus, Ohio)
The R score (cote de rendement au collégial, CRC or cote R in French) is a statistical method that classifies college students' academic performances in Quebec. It is used by Quebec universities for selection purposes.
The R score is in fact a z-score (Zcol) multiplied by a group dispersion indicator (IDGZ) to which an indicator of group strength (ISGZ) has been added.
R score = ((Zcol x IDGZ) + ISGZ + C ) x D , where C = D = 5
The Zcol is the number of standard deviations of student above the class average and gives an indication of the grade of the student with respect to the grades of other students in the class. The ISGZ is the average high school Z-score (Zsec) the group's students obtained on the MEES uniform examination subjects in Secondary 4 and 5. The IDGZ is the standard deviation of the students' Zsec scores. The inclusion of the ISGZ and the IDGZ in the determination of the R score allows for a more equitable comparison between students, regardless of their CEGEP's academic rank, but the effectiveness remains in dispute.
The use of the constant C = 5 greatly reduces the possibility of a negative value in the score and the multiplying the sum of all the preceding values by the constant D = 5 ensures the largeness of the score. The R score is defined such that the average is 25. Most R scores fall between 15 and 35, but any real number is a possible R score since the z-scores tend to positive or negative infinity as the standard deviation decreases. To guarantee that a grade of 100 produces an R score of at least 35, an adjusted Z score formula guaranteed to produce a result above 35 is used. Grades below 50 are not considered in calculating the average and the standard deviation of a grade distribution.
An R score is calculated for every course except for physical education taken before fall 2007 or for remedial courses. The final R score is the weighted average of the R score in all courses. In addition, failed courses are given a reduced weight in the overall R score and are weighted at 25% of the credits in the first semester and subsequently at 50%.
History
Failed courses have been given a reduced weight since October 2004. Before the fall 2007 semester, physical education courses were not given an R score. Before July 2017, the R score did not include the IDGZ and used the ISG:
ISG = ( Average grade results of Secondary 4 and 5 of all the group's students - 75 ) / 14.
Until July 2017, an additional score of 0.5 was added to the overall R score to a student graduating with an International Baccalaureate degree or a DEC (Diplôme d'études collégiales) en Sciences, Lettres et Arts. The adjustment of the Z score using the IDGZ has made that unnecessary.
Criticism
First-hand experience suggests that the R score is not as good an indicator as it was meant to be. A recurring complaint from students is that the ISG does not seem to be enough to offset the advantage enjoyed by students in weak groups. Such students have the opportunity to obtain grades much higher than the low average of their class, thus earning an elevated Z score, but students in strong groups cannot earn such high Z scores. One possible reason for this is that the ISG for a certain course is based on the average of the grades in all high school courses, which may not correlate to the group's strength in that course as much as the average of the grades of similar courses in high school.
The perceived weaknesses of the R score are particularly worrying, because it is the main and sometimes the only criterion considered by Quebec universities during the admissions process. Since the R score is perceived as an absolute measure of a student's academic performance regardless of their academic rank, differences smaller than 0.5 are often used to discriminate between candidates applying to programs with fixed quotas such as medicine, pharmacy, dentistry, and law.
External links
The R Score: What It Is and What It Does
R Score calculator
Education in Quebec
Student assessment and evaluation
Statistics of education
Tornquist Bay () is a small bay between Cape Constance and Antarctic Point along the north coast of South Georgia. Charted in 1929-30 by DI personnel, who called it Windy Cove, because of strong gusts of wind experienced there, but the name Windy Hole was subsequently used on charts for the bay. Following a survey of South Georgia in 1951–52, the SGS reported that this feature is known to the whalers and sealers as Tornquist Bay, because the wreck of the Cape Constance on October 16, 1950, lies near its west shore. This latter name is approved on the basis of local usage; the name Windy Hole is never used locally. The name Windy Cove, originally applied to this bay, has been transferred in local usage to the bay immediately southeast of Antarctic Point and it has since become established there.
Bays of South Georgia
Jacob Kielland may refer to:
Jacob Kielland (business person) (1788–1863), Norwegian business person, consul and politician
Jacob Kielland (officer) (1825–1889), naval officer and politician, son of Jacob Kielland (1788–1863)
Jacob Kielland (priest) (1841–1904), priest and politician, nephew of Jacob Kielland (1825–1889)
Jacob Christie Kielland (1897–1972), architect, grandson of Jacob Kielland (1841–1915)
Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino is the 1956 debut album by rock and roll pianist and vocalist Fats Domino, compiling a number of their hits and other material, some of which would soon become hits. All included recordings have been released previously on Imperial Records singles from 1950 to 1956. The album, which featured a
woodcut portrait of the musician, reached No. 17 on the Billboard "Pop Albums" chart. It is believed to have been produced by engineer Bunny Robyn due to the notation on the cover "A Robyn Recording".
Release history
The album was released on Imperial Records, catalog #LP-9004, in March 1956 and reissued by London Records under the title Carry on Rockin'''.
When Domino left Imperial in 1963 to join Paramount, Imperial retained the rights to this and several others of Domino's notable albums, reissuing it on LP as recently as 1981. In particular, the album was reissued in 1969 as stereo (in fact "Electronically re-recorded to simulate stereo", as printed on cover) by Liberty Records, the new owner of Imperial Records, with catalog# LP-12387 and later in 1978 by United Artists Records, the new owner of Liberty Records, with catalog# UAS 29.097.
It has subsequently been reissued in conjunction with another early Domino album, A Million Sellers by Fats, as Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino/Million Sellers by Fats.
Songs
Although this was Domino's album debut, the R&B pianist had already been recording singles for seven years at the time of this release. The album compiled a number of Domino's hit singles as well as some songs that would soon become hit singles, including "Ain't It a Shame" (#1 ""Black Singles", #10 "Pop Singles"), "All by Myself" (#1 "Black Singles"), "Poor Me" (#1 "Black Singles"), "Bo Weevil" (#5 "Black Singles", #35 "Pop Singles") and "Don't Blame It On Me" (#9 "Black Singles"), but omitted "Don't You Know" (#7 "Black Singles"), "I Can't Go On" (#6 "Black Singles") and "Thinking of You" (#14, "Black Singles").
Track listingExcept where otherwise noted, all songs by Dave Bartholomew and Fats Domino.''
"The Fat Man" – 2:33
"Tired of Crying" (Domino) – 2:10
"Goin' Home" (Domino, Al Young) – 2:09
"You Said You Loved Me" – 2:32
"Going to the River" – 2:28
"Please Don't Leave Me" (Domino) – 2:30
"Rose Mary" – 2:10
"All by Myself" – 2:18
"Ain't It a Shame" – 2:23
"Poor Me" – 2:15
"Bo Weevil" – 2:01
"Don't Blame It on Me" – 2:38
Personnel
Fats Domino – piano, vocals
Bunny Robyn – presumed producer
Notes
References
Fats Domino albums
1956 debut albums
Imperial Records albums
Alvin Smith (born 23 September 1951) is a Bahamian politician who was the Speaker of the House of Assembly from 2007 to 2012. They were the MP for the Constituency of North Eleuthera from 1997 to 2012.
Biography
Smith was born in Hatchet Bay, a town on the island of Eleuthera. They obtained a Bachelor's degree in Education from the University of Miami, and subsequently spent 24 years as a teacher and a trustee of the Bahamas Union of Teachers. They entered politics in 1992 as a member of the Free National Movement, where they were engaged in several appointments which included Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Education in 1995, and again in 2001. In 1997 they were elected to the House of Assembly as MP for the constituency of North Eleuthera. In May 2002 Smith was re-elected as Member of Parliament for North Eleuthera and from May 2002 to November 2005 served as Official Leader of the Free National Movement in Parliament. Following the national elections in May 2007, Smith was appointed as Speaker of the House of Assembly by the new FNM led Government. They served as Speaker until 2012.
From 2017 to 2020, Smith was the Bahamas High Commissioner to Canada.
References
1951 births
Speakers of the House of Assembly of the Bahamas
University of Miami School of Education alumni
Bahamian schoolteachers
Free National Movement politicians
Members of the House of Assembly of the Bahamas
Living people
People from Eleuthera
20th-century Bahamian politicians
21st-century Bahamian politicians
The Evangelical Presbyterian Church in Spain or the Iglesia Evangélica Presbiteriana de Espana in Spanish is a confessional Calvinist and Presbyterian denomination in Spain. It was begun when the Presbyterian Church of Brazil sent missionaries in Huelva. The work spread to various cities of Spain. It has congregations in Don Benito, Sevilla, Getafe, Torrelodones, Madrid, A Coruña and Málaga plus the first work in Huelva.
The church adheres to the Westminster Confession. The denomination adheres to the five solas, Sola Scriptura, Sola Fide, Sola Gratia, Solus Christus, Soli Deo Gloria.
In 1999, the church was registered by the government.
References
External links
Facebook page
Church in Huelva
Church in Don Benito
Church in Getafe
Church in Torrelodones
Church in Málaga
Presbyterian denominations in Europe
Michael Darragh MacAuley is a Gaelic footballer who plays club football for Ballyboden St Enda's and inter-county for Dublin county team from 2010 until 2020. They play their club football with Ballyboden St Enda's, with whom they won the 2016 All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship. They also won the 2009 Dublin Senior Football Championship, 2015 Dublin Senior Football Championship and 2015 Leinster Senior Football Club championship. MacAuley was the 2013 All Stars Footballer of the Year.
Playing career
Club
MacAuley plays their club football with Ballyboden St Enda's, with whom they won the Dublin Senior Football Championship in 2009.
Inter-county
MacAuley made their senior football debut for Dublin against Wexford in the first round of the O'Byrne Cup; they scored a point on their debut. McAuley made their debut in the league against the 2009 All-Ireland Champions Kerry. They scored a decisive point in the game which assured the win for Dublin against Kerry.
MacAuley made their Championship debut as a substitute against Wexford in the 2010 Leinster Senior Football Championship. They made their second appearance against Meath in the semi final of the Leinster football championship, a game in which Dublin were easily beaten by the Royals. MacAuley had their first start for Dublin against Tipperary in a second round qualifier for the All-Ireland Championship. They scored their first Championship goal and point in a game in which they finished with 1-01 of the final score of 1-21 to 1-13 at Croke Park. MacAuley scored a point in Dublin's eventual exit from that season's All-Ireland Championship at the semi-final stage.
MacAuley won their first All-Ireland Senior Football Championship in September 2011, when Dublin beat Kerry at Croke Park. They aren't surprised by the comeback nature of the game, saying: "We had been down before in matches. It wasn't the first time we were down. We actually had a training game the week before when the As played the Bs and it was a very similar situation". Their second All-Ireland title came against Mayo in 2013, as did the Stars Footballer of the Year, when they succeeded Karl Lacey to the title.
On 21 January 2021, MacAuley announced their retirement form inter-county football.
Personal life
After retiring from playing inter county football they moved to Hikkaduwa - a surfing town on the south coast of Sri Lanka.
Honours
Team
Dublin
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship (8): 2011, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020
Leinster Senior Football Championship (10): 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020
National Football League (5): 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018
O'Byrne Cup (1): 2015
Ballyboden St Enda's
All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship (1): 2016
Leinster Senior Club Football Championship (2): 2015, 2019
Dublin Senior Football Championship (3): 2009, 2015, 2019
Individual
All Star Awards (2): 2011, 2013
The Sunday Game Player of the Year (1): 2013
All Stars Footballer of the Year (1): 2013
References
1986 births
Living people
Ballyboden St Enda's Gaelic footballers
Dublin inter-county Gaelic footballers
Winners of eight All-Ireland medals (Gaelic football)
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1957 season.
Overview
It was contested by 10 teams, and Sarkanais Metalurgs won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Silas M. Holmes (July 21, 1816June 1905) was a Michigan politician.
Early life
Holmes was born in Stonington, Connecticut on July 21, 1816.
Career
In the 1850s, Holmes was a leading dry goods merchant in Detroit. In 1854, Holmes was nominated for the position of Michigan State Treasurer on the first Republican ticket in the state. They were elected to that position, and became the first Republican Michigan State Treasurer in 1855. They served in this capacity until 1858. In 1887, Holmes moved away from Detroit to San Francisco, California, where they engaged in business.
Personal life
Holmes had ten children, and they were survived by four of them.
Death
Holmes died in June 1905 in Corning, California.
References
1816 births
1905 deaths
American merchants
Politicians from Detroit
People from Stonington, Connecticut
Businesspeople from Detroit
Businesspeople from San Francisco
Michigan Republicans
State treasurers of Michigan
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
The Howard Nunataks () are a group of some 15 nunataks lying off the extremity of the mountainous ridge at the northwest corner of the Sentinel Range, Antarctica. They were discovered by Lincoln Ellsworth on their trans-Antarctic flight of November 23, 1935, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Patrick Howard, an engine mechanic on Ellsworth's expedition.
References
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
Jo Su-yeon (born 6 July 1994) is a South Korean handball player for the SK Sugar Gliders and South Korean national team.
They participated at the 2015 World Women's Handball Championship.
References
1994 births
Living people
South Korean female handball players
Universiade medalists in handball
Universiade silver medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 2015 Summer Universiade
The Blandiana () is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Romania. It discharges into the Mureș in the village Blandiana. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Alba County
Cepheidae may refer to:
Cepheidae (jellyfish), a family of jellyfish in the order Rhizostomeae
Cepheidae (mite), a family of mites in the order Sarcoptiformes
Jenks Branch, also known as the Miller Community, was a freedom colony located between the modern towns of Leander and Liberty Hill in Williamson County, Texas. The community began when Milas Miller, a formerly enslaved man, purchased of land in 1870 near the Jenks Branch Creek on the south side of the San Gabriel River.
History
The community traces its roots to the purchase of of land by Milas Miller near Jenks Branch Creek. The creek is named for two early landowners John W. Jenks and John W. Branch. Milas was born enslaved in South Carolina in York County between 1824 and 1827 and was brought to Texas by their owners when they moved to Williamson County in the 1850s. Other black people purchased land nearby Miller and the community began to build. In total black families owned more than 1100 acres. Some also rented land from the black landowners. Other family names associated with the community include McLain, Johnson, Mason, Barton, Faubion, Schooley, Huddleston, Hollingsworth, Pickett, Gant, and Inman.
Milas Miller built a brush arbor to use for school and church. Later the Liberty Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church was built just west of the arbor. Two cemeteries were created near the church on land given by Joe McClain and William David Miller. The Independent American Knights of Liberty established and built a lodge about a half mile east of the church. It was torn down in 1913.
Schools
Jenks Branch held its first school under the brush arbor mentioned above. Later school was held in a building, possibly the same building used for church services. In 1903 there were 49 students enrolled but in 1949 the school was consolidated into the Liberty Hill Independent School District.
Cemeteries
Two cemeteries are associated with Jenks Branch. The first is known as Miller I or Cedar Brake Cemetery is located on private property. This cemetery contains about 33 burials with the oldest was a burial in 1910. The other cemetery is Miller II. This cemetery is located on Bagdad Rd. (on the left heading north). It contained 106 burials as of 2019 but is still in use. Many military veterans, beginning with those who served in World War I, are buried here.
Notable people
Several black professionals were born and lived in Jenks Branch. Among them were doctors and lawyers including Robert Miller, a nephew of the community's founder. Additionally Bill Pickett, famous for inventing the rodeo event now known as steer wrestling, was born here and participated in the 101 Ranch Wild West Show and appeared in early Hollywood films.
Preservation
In June 2020, the city of Liberty Hill hired Acacia Heritage Consulting to conduct research on Jenks Branch for possible inclusion in a newly planned park. Additionally, the Texas Freedom Colonies Project is always looking for information on Jenks Branch as is the Leander Historical Preservation Commission.
References
Towns in Texas
Populated places established by African Americans
{{Infobox Airline
| airline = Pegas Fly
| logo =Pegas Fly logo.png
| logo_size =
| fleet_size = 15
| destinations = 11
| IATA = EO
| ICAO = KAR
| callsign = KRASJET
| company_slogan =
| founded = (as Ikar')'
| headquarters = Krasnoyarsk
| key_people = Andrey Lengarov, CEO
| hubs =
| secondary_hubs = <div>
Khabarovsk Airport
Zvartnots Airport
| focus_cities =
| frequent_flyer =
| lounge =
| alliance =
| website = pegasfly.com
}}
Ikar Airlines LLC, operating as Pegas Fly, is a Russian charter airline headquartered in Krasnoyarsk and based at Yemelyanovo International Airport but operates most flights from Zhukovsky International Airport.
History
Initially the company, then operating under the Ikar brand, operated a fleet of Mil Mi-8 helicopters for aerial cargo operations mainly carrying bulky loads externally.
In 2015, the airline re branded to become Pegas Fly, although the brand was changed the airlines legal name was kept as Ikar Airlines. As of 2022, the airline is forced to change to another brand name, as the rights to use Pegas Fly'' have been expired and cannot be renewed.
Destinations
Pegas Fly operates scheduled services to the following destinations:
The airline also operates charters on behalf of Pegas Touristik to tourist destinations in Europe, Africa and Asia.
Fleet
The Pegas Fly fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of June 2019):
Accidents and incidents
On 3 December 1995, a Mil Mi-8AMT (RA-25581) leased to Investkorp of Papua New Guinea - pilot error during very poor visibility led to a decrease in rotor speed up to 90 percent at an altitude of just 7 metres as the helicopter continued to descend, understandably at a greater rate. The helicopter crashed; the mechanic was seriously injured. Investigation revealed that the crew had received insufficient training and it was revealed that those involved were not previously certified to fly the Mil Mi-8AMT; their certificates had been signed in New Guinea under false pretence. It was also revealed that Ikar was only allowed to fly domestic routes and routes in the CIS, their activities in New Guinea had breached this order when they delivered RA-25518 and RA-27003 to New Guinea complete with their staff.
On 11 July 2012, a Mil Mi-8 helicopter was considered 'lost' sparking a scare when connection with the helicopter had failed. Searches were conducted in a forest region in Magadan where the helicopter had been patrolling a forest fire situation. Connection was broken at 3pm (local time) that day with ten firefighters and four crew-members aboard. Another Mil Mi-8 and an Antonov An-26 were dispatched to locate the helicopter which was found safely landed on the ground in the forest, apparently there were connection issues but the helicopter and crew were uninjured.
See also
List of small airlines and helicopter airlines of Russia
References
External links
Airlines of Russia
Airlines established in 1993
Charter airlines
Companies based in Krasnoyarsk
The Juvenile and Family Court Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering juvenile and family justice. It was established in 1949 as Juvenile Court Judges Journal, and was later renamed Juvenile Justice, and later renamed again to Journal of Juvenile & Family Courts. The journal obtained its current name in 1978. It is published by Wiley and the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges. The editors-in-chief are Joey Orduna Hastings, Melissa Sickmund, and Maurice Portley. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 0.441.
References
External links
Criminology journals
Wiley (publisher) academic journals
Publications established in 1949
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Juvenile justice system
Horner Nunatak () is a nunatak east of Staack Nunatak, in eastern Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Stanley Horner, a radioscience researcher at Byrd Station in summer 1962–63.
References
Nunataks of Palmer Land
"Fundraiser" is the twenty-second episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 174th episode overall. The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 26, 2012. "Fundraiser" was written by Owen Ellickson and directed by David Rogers. The episode guest stars Andy Buckley and Jack Coleman.
The series—presented as if it were a real documentary—depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In this episode, Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) crashes a fundraiser and ends up adopting twelve dogs. Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) learns that an auction winner loses money. Nellie (Catherine Tate) learns how to eat a taco.
"Fundraiser" received mixed reviews from critics. According to Nielsen Media Research, "Fundraiser" was viewed by an estimated 4.17 million viewers and received a 2.1 rating/6% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, making it the lowest-rated season eight episode of The Office to air. The episode ranked third in its timeslot and was also the highest-rated NBC series of the night.
Synopsis
Angela Lipton's (Angela Kinsey) husband Robert (Jack Coleman) throws a silent auction fundraiser for local animal rights activists and Robert California (James Spader) buys two tables to seat everyone in the office. Newly fired Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) arrives and tries to get into an argument with Robert, telling them about a rock opera they have written with the hero based on Andy and the villain being a heartless character who wants to destroy all music named Thomas Oregon (with the name being a thinly-veiled reference to Robert California), who is "humanized" when they pee themselves at the end. Andy runs into David Wallace (Andy Buckley), former CFO of Dunder Mifflin, and begins plotting their return to Dunder Mifflin. Andy interrupts Robert's speech introducing the senator by volunteering to adopt the twelve dogs brought by the local animal society. Afterwards, members of the office ask if they are having a breakdown, and, at Kevin Malone (Brian Baumgartner)'s urging, Andy sadly agrees that they are.
Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) attends without understanding how silent auctions work: they believe that the purpose of the function is to guess correctly the market price of the objects. By the end of the night, Dwight has put exorbitant amounts on the items and ends up accidentally donating over $34,000. They flee when they discover their mistake, giving a bizarre speech on the value of animals before doing so. Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) tries to talk with Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) by complaining about the food. They suggest they get a taco at their expense, offering thirty dollars to Darryl to go out and buy some. When they do, they shovel the ingredients in their mouth, not eating the shell. Darryl realizes they have no idea what a taco is, but appreciates that "she's trying" to socialize with my employees.
Oscar Martinez (Oscar Nunez) talks briefly to Senator Lipton about animal rights, and Lipton (who Oscar suspects is gay) gives Oscar their private cell phone number, asking Oscar to call them in the evening to discuss issues further. Oscar tells Pam (Jenna Fischer) and Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) that the Senator was hitting on him. Jim says Lipton was likely just schmoozing a voter, talks to Lipton himself, and also gets their number. Meredith Palmer (Kate Flannery) later gets Lipton's number as well, resulting in Oscar thinking that the senator may not have been hitting on him. When Oscar is leaving, Lipton shakes their hand and caresses Oscar's arm for long enough that Oscar once again believes Lipton was pursuing him.
Production
"Fundraiser" was written by Owen Ellickson and directed by David Rogers. The episode features the return of the character David Wallace (Andy Buckley), former CFO of Dunder Mifflin. Wallace, who is also attending the fundraiser, reveals to Andy that after their firing, they sold their toy-vacuum invention "Suck It" to the military for $20 million.
Cultural references
The cold opening references several notable bands and musicians: the scene consists of Ryan complaining because they recently heard—erroneously—that musician Smokey Robinson died. Initially, Ryan refers to them as only "Smokey", which causes Pam to believe they are talking about Smokey the Bear. However, Ryan, on the bequest of Pam, is only able to name one song that Robinson had sung, "The Tracks of My Tears". Pam, however, is later able to remember that they sang "Tears of a Clown", and Jim references "I Second That Emotion". After Jim proves that Robinson is both still alive and playing at a local venue, Ryan tells them that they will be unable to attend because the opening band is Paul Anka, and that is "not what Smokey would have… does want!" During their pontificating rant, Ryan mentions that popular music is not all about "Jason Mraz and The Beatles", which shocks Dwight. Dwight lists off "Eleanor Rigby" and "Paperback Writer" and asks Ryan if they truly do not like those songs.
Reception
Ratings
"Fundraiser" originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 26, 2012. The episode was viewed by an estimated 4.17 million viewers and received a 2.1 rating/6% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 2.1% of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 6% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. The episode finished third in its time slot, being beaten by Grey's Anatomy which received a 3.2 rating/8% share and the CBS drama Person of Interest which received a 2.4 rating/6% share in the 18–49 demographic. The episode beat the Fox series Touch and The CW drama series The Secret Circle. Despite this, "Fundraiser" was the highest-rated NBC television episode of the night. The episode was the 25th most watched episode in the 18–49 demographic for the week ending April 29.
Reviews
The episode received mixed reviews from critics, with critiques ranging from largely positive to very negative. Myles McNutt from The A.V. Club gave the episode a slightly positive review and gave it a B− rating. They wrote, "The Office is far from a profound show when it just throws its characters in a room and observes their behavior, but there's a certain charm to it." McNutt noted that, despite feeling that the episode's description of "Darryl teaches Nellie how to eat a taco" was a poor move on NBC's part, they thought they "could have spent more time with Nellie learning how to eat a taco." Craig McQuinn from The Faster Times wrote positively of the episode, noting, "For the first time in forever this is an episode of The Office that actually has a lot going on. Whether the stuff that's happening is actually meaningful or significant in any way is up for debate, but I actually enjoyed most of this episode."
Not all reviews were positive. Dan Forcella from TV Fanatics gave the episode a mixed review and awarded it two-and-a-half stars out of five. Forcella noted "It has been four episodes now since the super team returned from Florida, and The Office still hasn't found its footing back in Scranton", and they called the outing "another lackluster effort". A review from CliqueClack was largely critical of the episode, calling it "worse than usual" and noting that the show had finally hit "rock bottom". WhatCulture! reviewer Joseph Kratzer felt that the episode's setting—outside of the office building—was detrimental to the episode. They wrote, "The thing is, I in no way felt like any of what occurred in 'Fundraiser' needed to take place outside the Scranton branch and that's really why a sitcom should move locations for an episode – because the story couldn't function without it. But this time it just felt like a cheap way to liven up a clearly very boring, uninspired, weak episode of television." Screen Crave wrote, "Those viewers of The Office that have scolded the show throughout the season for its varying degrees of sucking, are not likely to be changing their thinking after watching the latest episode."
However, many reviews were happy about the return of Andy Buckley, who portrayed David Wallace. A review from TV Equals noted that "I'm not totally convinced that David Wallace's story is as simple as the one they tell, but maybe that's just because I'd love any excuse for them to work their way back into the story lines for The Office." Michael Tedder from Vulture called Wallace's character "always-welcome".
References
External links
"Fundraiser" at NBC.com
The Office (American season 8) episodes
2012 American television episodes
The following is a list of UCLA Bruins softball seasons. The University of California, Los Angeles is a member of the Pac-12 Conference of the NCAA Division I. The Bruins are fourteen time Women's College World Series champions, with the first of those titles coming during the AIAW years, and the remaining 13 under NCAA organization. UCLA has also appeared in the final event 33 times - 3 under the AIAW and 30 under the NCAA. The team played its first season in 1975.
Notes
References
UCLA
UCLA Bruins softball
"100" is a song by American rapper The Game featuring Canadian rapper Drake. The song is the first single from The Game's sixth studio album, The Documentary 2. The song was premiered by DJ Envy on Power 105.1 on June 25, 2015. The title refers to speaking the truth, or "keeping it 100". The main theme of the song is how fame can erode trust among friends. It contains a sample of "Feel the Fire" by Peabo Bryson.
Critical reception
Upon release, "100" received critical acclaim from music critics. Rap-Up called the beat "soulful", and added that Drake "holds down the hook". Zach Rydenlund of Complex noted that the song is "a bit slower", but "has the potential to be a hit". Latifah Muhammad of BET wrote that the instrumental "definitely something special". Stereogums Tom Breihan also gave a positive review to the song describing it as "warm" and "soulful".
Music video
The Game and Drake were already shooting the music video in Compton, California weeks before the song was released. The video premiered on Vevo on July 30, 2015.
Track listingDigital download"100" (Explicit) – 5:43
"100" (Clean) – 5:43Album version'
"100" – 5:34
Commercial performance
Upon its radio release, "100" was the most added song on both urban contemporary and rhythmic contemporary radio of the week. The song peaked at number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100 and charted for 10 weeks. The song also peaked at number 25 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, remaining there for 18 weeks. "100" also received some chart success in Canada where it has peaked at number 63 on the Canadian Hot 100, mixed & mastered Steve B, making it Game's second highest-charting single on the chart after "My Life" which peaked at number 42 in 2008.
Charts
Release history
Certifications
References
2015 singles
The Game (rapper) songs
2015 songs
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Songs written by The Game (rapper)
Song recordings produced by Cardo (record producer)
MNRK Music Group singles
Songs written by Cardo (record producer)
The Iringa akalat (Sheppardia lowei) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is endemic to Iringa Region of Tanzania.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Iringa akalat
Endemic birds of Tanzania
Iringa akalat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lake Eloise is a large natural freshwater lake on the south side of Winter Haven, Florida. It is part of the southern Chain of Lakes. With a surface area, it is one of the larger lakes in Polk County, Florida. Lake Eloise has a somewhat oval shape and has a large cove on its south side. It borders Lake Summit on its northeast and it almost borders Lake Lulu on its northwest. Lake Eloise is mostly surrounded by residential areas. However, the northern half of its eastern shore is occupied by Legoland Florida, which was once Cypress Gardens, a large area theme park. Some citrus groves border the lake on its west side. Eloise Loop Road passes by the south end of the cove on the lake's south side.
Lake Eloise was first surveyed in 1849, by Dr John Westcott. They named the lake after Eloise Moody, daughter of Polk County pioneer Benjamin F. Moody. The lake appears in the first U.S. Government survey of the area, published in 1950.
Cypress Gardens opened in 1936 and soon had various attractions, including ones that had a connection to Lake Eloise. In the 1930s the park had water shows with water ski performances. Two grandstands were constructed to allow spectators to see the shows. The botanical garden, on the north side of the park, eventually had channels cleared for small boats to travel with visitors to view the plants. A large decorative pool in the shape of Florida was constructed just on shore and in the western edge of the botanical garden. Also, a large paddle boat was refurbished and dubbed the Cypress Belle. The Cypress Belle allowed park visitors to cruise on Lake Eloise. Also, at times the Belle was used for dinner cruises. Through the years various television shows and movies filmed at Cypress Gardens and many times filming made use of Lake Eloise. After 2000 Cypress Gardens went through various major changes to maintain its visitor base and finally closed in fall 2009.
In 2010 the old Cypress Gardens park was purchased with the intention of transforming it into a Legoland park. In February 2011 it was opened as Legoland Florida. While the paddle boat and boat rides through the botanical garden were not restored, the area of the old water shows was named Pirate Cove and a new ski and stunt show was started.
Although Lake Eloise is a large lake, there is very little public access to it. There is no public access from the shore, as all shoreline is on private property. The public can access the lake by boat via the Chain of Lakes canal system. Lake Eloise is linked by canal directly to Lake Lulu, Lake Summit and Lake Winterset. The nearest public boat ramp is on Lake Summit and the canal system links Lake Eloise to a number of area lakes. Fishing is allowed from boats. As there is no shore access, there are no public swimming areas. The Hook and Bullet website and the Lake Lubbers.com websites say this lake contains bluegill, crappie and largemouth bass.
References
Lakes of Polk County, Florida
Winter Haven, Florida
Translate Slowly is the 1985 debut album by The Reivers. This album was originally released under the band's original name, Zeitgeist, but was remixed in 1988 and re-released under the band name The Reivers, after another band claimed rights to the name "Zeitgeist."
The album received positive attention from many critics. The Austin Chronicle'''s Austin Music Awards ranked it the third best album of 1985, and Los Angeles Times critic Robert Hilburn included it on their year-end list of the best 100 records of the year. Ted Simons of Spin magazine called it "one of the better independent releases of the year", although they expressed reservations about what they found to be "heavy-handed" harmonies on some tracks.
The album's opening track, "Araby", was later covered by Hootie and the Blowfish on their 2000 collection Scattered, Smothered and Covered.David Pyndus, "The Reivers", PopMatters, February 18, 2008. Ryan Adams has named this album as a leading influence on their own musical style.
Track listing
All songs written by the Reivers except where noted
"Araby" – 2:38
"Cowboys" – 2:39
"Legendary Man" – 4:37
"Blue Eyes" (Fred Rose) – 2:57
"She Digs Ornette" – 2:44
"Things Don't Change" – 4:08
"Translate Slowly" – 3:05
"Sound and the Fury" – 2:43
"Without My Sight" – 3:08
"I Knew" – 4:40
"Freight Train Rain" – 2:28
"Hill Country Theme" (Glenn Paxton) – 2:35
"Electra" – 3:04
"Wherehaus Jamb" – 1:51
"Walking the Cow" (Daniel Johnston) – 2:36
The last three tracks are "bonus" songs on the CD, which were not included on the original release of the album. Three tracks--"Wherehaus Jamb," "Freight Train Rain," and "Electra"—had been released previously on a 1984 EP entitled Zeitgeist'', produced by John Croslin, recorded by John Viehweg, and released by DB Records.
References
1985 debut albums
The Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (OJJDP) is an office of the United States Department of Justice and a component of the Office of Justice Programs. The OJJDP publishes the JRFC Databook on even numbered years for information on youth detention.
OJJDP sponsors research, program, and training initiatives; develops priorities and goals and sets policies to guide federal juvenile justice issues. OJJDP also disseminates information about juvenile justice issues and awards funds to states to support local programming nationwide through the office's five organizational components.
The office cooperates with other federal agencies on special projects. For example, it formed the National Gang Center along with the Office of Justice Programs (OJP) and the Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA). The OJJDP has the National Youth Gang Center linked through the National Gang Center.
OJJDP, a component of the Office of Justice Programs (OJP), supports states, local communities and tribal jurisdictions in their efforts to develop and implement effective programs for juveniles. The office strives to strengthen the juvenile justice system's efforts to protect public safety, hold offenders accountable and provide services that address the needs of youth and their families. Through its components, OJJDP sponsors research; program and training initiatives; develops priorities and goals; sets policies to guide federal juvenile justice issues; disseminates information about juvenile justice issues, and awards funds to states to support local programming.
In May 2022, President Joe Biden appointed Liz Ryan as administrator.
References
External links
United States Department of Justice agencies
Criminal justice
United States Department of Justice
Saints Peter and Paul Church () is a Roman Catholic church in Pitești, Romania, located at 11 Victoriei Street.
Initially, the parish functioned in a chapel dedicated in 1864, serving a local Catholic community drawn from various nationalities: Germans or Transylvanian Saxons, Austrians, Czechs, Poles, Italians and Hungarians. The current building was constructed in 1895-1896, and expanded in 1996. A new parish house was built between 1990 and 1996. The church has a choir and participates in cultural and charity activities. The parish has its feast day on June 29, and it is part of the Bucharest Archdiocese. The building is considered a historic monument by Romania's Culture Ministry.
Notes
Pitești
Historic monuments in Argeș County
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1896
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Romania
Mariano Riva Palacio (1803 - 1880) was a Mexican prominent politician and lawyer during most of the 19th century.
They were born in Mexico City to Esteban de la Riva Palacio and Doña María Dolores Díaz and married Dolores Guerrero, daughter of Gen. Vicente Guerrero, one of the most prominent leaders of the Mexican Independence War. Served as a City Councilor for Mexico City (1829), federal member of congress (1833), Minister of Justice (1851), Minister of Finance (June - August 1848) and was elected thrice Governor of the State of Mexico (1849, 1857, 1871).
They were also the lawyer appointed to defend the deposed Emperor Maximilian.
External links
University of Texas
References
Mexican Secretaries of Finance
Governors of the State of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Presidents of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
1803 births
1880 deaths
19th-century Mexican lawyers
Ashraf Khan Khattak was the eldest son of Khushal Khan Khattak and ruler of the Khattak clan for a time.
Life
They were born in 1634 (H.1044). They became chieftain of the Khattak clan in 1693 after their father, Khushal, resigned after the war against the Mughal Emperor ended. They died in 1693, aged 60.
Chief of the Khattak clan
Ashraf endeavoured for some time to carry on the government of their clan, and also to perform their duties towards the Mughal Government, by aiding the Peshawar authorities in the administration of the affairs of that province; but they were opposed and thwarted in all their endeavours by their brother Bahram, the same who endeavoured to take the life of their father; who styles them “Bahram the Degenerate,” and “The Malignant ;“ and by whose machinations Ashraf was, at last, betrayed into the hands of Aurangzeb, in 1683. The affairs of the Dakhan having called for the presence of that monarch, who continued in that part of India for several years the Khattak chief was taken along with him, as a state prisoner; and was subsequently sent to the strong fortress of Bijapur, situated in what is, at present, termed the Southern Maharata country, where they continued to languish in exile for the remainder of their life. When Afzal Khan, their son, became firmly established in the chieftainship, they moved the remains of their father about from Bijapur to Sara'e, where the Khattak chiefs were usually interred.
Poetry
Ashraf used to devote some of their leisure time to poetry, before they assumed the government of their clan, incited, doubtless, by the example of their brave old father, and their brothers Abd-ul-Kadir and Sadr Khan, who were also gifted with the “cacoëthes scribendi.” During their exile they wrote a great number of poems, and collected the whole, as they now stand, in the form of a Diwan, or Alphabetical Collection. According to the usual custom among Eastern poets, Ashraf assumed the name of “The Severed” or “Exiled;" and many of their poems, written in the most pathetic style, plainly tell where, and under what circumstances, they were composed. The original Diwan, or Collection, arranged and written by himself, at Bijapür, is still in the possession of their descendants.
References
1634 births
1693 deaths
Pashtun people
Guy Rosolato (1924–2012) was a French psychoanalyst, who was to become president of the Association Psychoanalytique de France (APF).
Life, career and contributions
Born in Istanbul, Rosolato served with the Free French in the war, before going into analysis with Jacques Lacan in 1953. They became a training analyst with the newly formed Société Française de Psychanalyse, and followed Lacan into the École Freudienne de Paris in 1964. However, during the controversy over the passe later in the decade, they would leave to join other influential ex-Lacanians in the APF.
A lover of opera, Rosolato's most distinctive theoretical work concerned the role of the voice in the formation of the body-ego – its role as “acoustic mirror” partway between body and language. They saw the maternal voice as providing, from the womb onwards, what they called a “sonorous envelope” for the developing child - something functioning between, and confounding separation and union, entry and departure.
Rosolato also explored and extended Freud's concept of the dead father, of Totem and Taboo, as well as the confusion between the phallic mother and the primitive father in early childhood thought; and was interested in the interaction of psychoanalysis and cinema (as with the practice of projective identification onto the screen).
See also
References
French psychologists
French psychoanalysts
2012 deaths
1924 births
John Chun Sai So (; born 2 October 1946) is a Hong Kong Australian business person who served as the 102nd Lord Mayor of Melbourne, the capital of Victoria, Australia. They were the first Lord Mayor in the city's history to be directly elected by voters; previously, Lord Mayors were elected by the councillors.  They are also the first Lord Mayor of Melbourne of Chinese descent.
First elected in 2001 and re-elected in 2004, So is the second-longest-serving Lord Mayor of Melbourne, serving for seven and a half years. In 2006, they won the World Mayor award. On 1 October 2008, So announced that they would not seek re-election for a third term as Lord Mayor. They were succeeded by Robert Doyle.
So currently serves as chairperson of the Global Business Council, an international forum established by the World Chinese Economic Forum in Malaysia aimed at facilitating trade between China, India, ASEAN and the Middle East. In December 2013, So was appointed by the Chinese government as a special advisor to the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese.
Background
So was born in British Hong Kong on 2 October 1946. When they were 17 years old, they moved to Melbourne and completed their secondary education at University High School. They then went on to tertiary studies, obtaining a Diploma of Education and Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Melbourne. After graduating, they taught physics at Fitzroy High School. So became a business operator in 1973, with interests across Australia, Hong Kong and Mainland China.
So's political career has included positions as director of Asia Society's AustralAsia Centre, commissioner of Victoria Ethics Affairs Commission, director of Melbourne Water, honorary member of the World Mayors Council on Climate Change, former executive member of the Committee For Melbourne, president of the Lord Mayor's Charitable Fund, chairperson of the Asia Pacific Racing Carnival and chairperson of the Victorian Chinese Welfare Centre.
So is actively involved in Australia's major sporting events. They were the number-one ticket holder for the Melbourne Demons football club and number-one ticket holder for the Melbourne Victory soccer club.
Politics
In 1991, So contested politics for the first time and was elected as one of the councillors of the City of Melbourne. They were re-elected in 1996 and 1999. In 1999, So came within one vote of being elected Lord Mayor, losing 4–5 to Peter Costigan.
In 2001, the Victorian Government dismissed the Lord Mayor, Deputy Lord Mayor and councillors for ongoing infighting that resulted in the council's inability to function. The government immediately reformed the system to give the Lord Mayor a stronger mandate. Under the new system, the Lord Mayor and Deputy Lord Mayor were to be directly elected by the citizens in a US presidential-style election, as opposed to being elected in-house among the councillors.
First term as Lord Mayor, 2001–2004
In the 2001 Lord Mayoral election, So polled 14.9% of the primary vote, second only to Peter Sheppard, who received 15.2%, but after preferences were distributed, So comfortably defeated Sheppard. So also defeated the then-Premier Steve Bracks's preferred candidate, Peter McMullin, and former federal minister and Australian Democrats founder Don Chipp.
So presided over a prosperous term in which Melbourne was voted World's Most Livable City on more than one occasion. Along with television presenter Livinia Nixon, they were the face of the "That's Melbourne" campaign to encourage tourism to the city. They campaigned against crime and was a member of the Police Minister's Crime Prevention Council. They also pushed for the federal government to build a national indigenous museum in Melbourne.
So was criticised for their communication skills, partly due to their heavily Cantonese-accented English. A restaurant with ties to So was also fined $75,000 for breaches of the Food Safety Act by their own council. In 2002, So was accused of putting their relationship with the Chinese government ahead of Melbourne by refusing to meet the Dalai Lama during their Australian visit. The council was also punished by the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal for prohibiting Falun Gong from participating in the city's annual Moomba parade.
Second term as Lord Mayor, 2004–2008
2004 election
Though they had been a relatively popular mayor, So was widely expected to be defeated at the 2004 election. Despite this, they polled well on election day, achieving 42.2% of the primary vote (compared to their nearest rival who received 9.2%), and was re-elected. So's ticket for the Councillor positions was also successful, winning a historic majority in the Town Hall.
Commonwealth Games
During the 2006 Commonwealth Games, So was warmly welcomed by Melbourne as a figurehead of the city. This led to "John So, he's our bro'." T-shirts and "John So for PM'" shirts and stickers being manufactured and worn by some Melburnians as a testament to the city's tolerance and multiculturalism. At the closing ceremony of the 2006 Commonwealth Games, at every mention of So's name, there was a tremendous applause from the crowd, which became progressively louder with each occurrence.
Planning and development
So presided over a number of major developments throughout their second term. The most significant of these include the refurbishment of the city's key shopping complex, the Melbourne Central Shopping Centre; construction of the council's second building, Council House 2, the first Six Green Star-rated building in Australia; development, in partnership with the State Government, of the new Melbourne Convention & Exhibition Centre; and refurbishment of Melbourne's key shopping precinct Bourke Street Mall. During So's term, the council also regained from the State Government jurisdiction over Melbourne's new waterfront, Melbourne Docklands.
Controversies
In 2007, So was criticised for redundancies of staff at the Melbourne City Council after an efficiency review found that the council had a A$4.2 million budget discrepancy. So used their casting vote to defeat a "vote of no confidence" by opposition councillors over the incident. Following the vote, opposition councillors stepped up their attack and criticised So for not meeting with the Dalai Lama during the latter's 2007 visit, and claimed So had also tried to stop them from meeting the Dalai Lama.
World Mayor
So's popularity in office resulted in them being named World Mayor for 2006. They won the contest ahead of Amsterdam Mayor Job Cohen and Harrisburg Mayor Stephen R. Reed. World Mayor cited, amongst other things, the successful staging of the 2006 Commonwealth Games and So's popularity among the young population of Melbourne as a reason for their victory. In its verdict, the judging panel described So as "possibly the first city leader to enjoy 'cult status.
So told the media they were "delighted to be elected" and that "the honour belongs to the amazing people of this wonderful city and the hard-working team at the City of Melbourne".
Retirement as Lord Mayor
Speculation had been rife that So was preparing to stand for the Lord Mayoral election in November 2008. Rumours surfaced that former Victoria Premier Jeff Kennett might be able to challenge So effectively and Kennett confirmed that several Liberal Party members had approached them on this matter. In late September 2008, Kennett announced that they would not run for Lord Mayor.
On 1 October 2008, So officially announced that they would not seek re-election, stating "you can't work at 110 percent forever and that is what this job requires."
Honours and positions
In 2006, So was named World Mayor ahead of other candidates including Job Cohen, Ray Nagin, Michael Bloomberg and Shintaro Ishihara.
In 2006, So was among eleven recipients of the Bring Charm to the World Award, presented at Peking University in Beijing. The award was jointly sponsored by Phoenix Television, Baidu, and Beijing Youth Daily and recognised the achievements of the "most influential Chinese in 2006".
In 2007, So received an honorary degree of Doctor of the University from Victoria University, in recognition of their services to local government.
In 2010, So was appointed as one of the six panel members of the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize Council.
In 2011, So was a recipient of the World Chinese Economic Forum Lifetime Achievement Award.
In 2013, So was awarded the Sir Edward 'Weary' Dunlop Asia Medal.
On the Queen's Birthday in 2014, So was made an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) for "distinguished service to local government and community relations, as an ambassador for cultural diversity, and to the promotion of Melbourne as a tourist and investment destination".
So is also a Member of the World Mayors Council on Climate Change.
Personal life
So has been married twice and has four children. Their partner, Wendy Cheng, served as the Lady Mayoress of Melbourne and chaired the Lady Mayoress' Committee between 2001 and 2008.
So's youngest son, John So Jnr, an investment banker and business person, ran unsuccessfully to be elected as Deputy Lord Mayor of Melbourne alongside Australia Sotheby's CEO, Gary Singer, in the 2012 Melbourne City Council Elections. Singer was previously Deputy Lord Mayor while John So Snr was in office.
So supports the Melbourne Demons in the Australian Football League.
References
External links
John So – Official Website
John So No. 1 World Mayor
WCEF Global Business Council
Mayors and Lord Mayors of Melbourne
Businesspeople from Melbourne
Australian politicians of Chinese descent
Australian politicians of Hong Kong descent
University of Melbourne alumni
Hong Kong emigrants to Australia
1946 births
Living people
People educated at University High School, Melbourne
Politicians from Melbourne
Officers of the Order of Australia
The M56 submachine gun is a Yugoslavian submachine gun chambered in 7.62×25mm Tokarev, designed for use with the Yugoslav People's Army. Initially a state-funded product, it was later produced by Zastava Arms and saw use in a number of conflicts following the breakup of former Yugoslavia. The M56 is based on the MP 40 submachine gun captured from Nazi Germany, easily distinguished from the MP 40 by its increased length and curved magazine.
Inexpensive and simple to produce and maintain, the M56 also proved to be quite effective at range over its German counterpart due to its 7.62×25mm cartridge having significantly higher velocity than the 9×19mm round used by the MP 40.
Internally the M56 lacks the telescoping recoil spring found in the MP 40. The magazine release also differs and is located directly behind the magazine instead of on the side of the receiver on the MP 40. The M56 also uses a double feed magazine (similiarly to the Soviet PPS) contrary to the single feed magazines used on the MP 40. The M56 has a fire selector switch allowing the operator to fire in either semi or fully automatic which the MP 40 did not have. Disassembly also differed with the gun being taken apart via a rear end cap, separating the lower and upper receivers while the MP 40 this was accomplished by a button on the lower receiver located behind the magazine well. Another change from the MP 40 is that the M56 lacks the Bakelite resting bar below the barrel on the MP 40
Users
References
External links
Zastava Arms official website
7.62×25mm Tokarev submachine guns
MP 38 derivatives
Simple blowback firearms
Submachine guns of Yugoslavia
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1956
Dewald Meyer Senekal, born in Uitenhage, South Africa, is a South African rugby union coach who is currently Forwards coach of Irish province Connacht.
In their playing career, Senekal played as a number eight for Bayonne, Agen and Toulon in France. They also played for the Cheetahs and Lions in their native South Africa before moving to the Northern hemisphere in 2009.
Senekal has also played cricket for the provincial teams of Eastern Province and the Northerns.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Uitenhage
South African rugby union players
RC Toulonnais players
SU Agen Lot-et-Garonne players
Aviron Bayonnais players
Rugby union number eights
Cheetahs (rugby union) players
Golden Lions players
Lions (United Rugby Championship) players
Pumas (Currie Cup) players
Eastern Province cricketers
Northerns cricketers
Rugby union players from the Eastern Cape
Colostygia turbata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found from the mountains of Europe to the Altai, as well as the Kamchatka Peninsula and Canada.
The wingspan is . Adults are in wing from June to July.
The larvae feed on Galium palustre. Larvae can be found from June to July. It overwinters in the larval stage.
Subspecies
Colostygia turbata turbata (Alps, south-eastern Europe)
Colostygia turbata fuscolimbata Tengstrom, 1875 (northern Europe)
Colostygia turbata pyrenaearia Oberthur, 1882 (Pyrenees)
Colostygia turbata altaicata (Djakonov, 1926) (Altai, Sayan Mountains, Buryatia, Kamchatka)
Colostygia turbata circumvallaria (Taylor, 1906) (Canada)
References
External links
Moth Photographers Group
Lepiforum.de
Cidariini
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
In the law of England and Wales, a civil restraint order (CRO) is a court order intended to prevent vexatious litigation.
Courts have the means of escalating the sanctions against a litigant who makes applications to the court that are "totally without merit":
There are three types of CRO: limited, extended and general, with different scopes of application:
a limited civil restraint order (formerly a Grepe v. Loam order) where two or more applications totally without merit are made in a single proceeding. No further application may be made in the proceedings without the permission of the court.
an extended civil restraint order (formerly an Ebert order) for "persistently vexatious behaviour" lasts for a specified period of no more than two years for "applications touching upon instant matters" and can only be granted by a judge of the Court of Appeal, High Court or a designated civil judge.
a general civil restraint order (formerly a Bhamjee order) for a maximum of two years for all proceedings in the High Court or specified county courts.
Further applications totally without merit can lead to withdrawal of the right of appeal. Harassment of the court and court officials can lead to a penal prohibition notice, prohibiting the litigant from contacting or approaching the court without permission.
HM Courts Service maintains a list of vexatious litigants.
See also
Vexatious litigant
References
Court orders
Civil procedure
English law
Sir Roger Aston (died 23 May 1612) of Cranford, Middlesex, was an English courtier and favourite of James VI of Scotland.
Biography
Aston was a bastard son of Thomas Aston (died 1553). Scottish sources spell their name variously as "Aschetone", "Aschetoun" or "Aschingtoun".
After serving the Earl of Lennox, Lord Darnley, and Mary, Queen of Scots, Aston was made a Gentleman of the Bedchamber to James VI of Scotland in 1578. In England they were Master of the Great Wardrobe to King James I in England. They held both positions until their death. From 1595 they were keeper of Linlithgow Palace, and one of their daughters was born at the palace in October 1595.
At the Scottish court
In May 1580 twenty five gentlemen were appointed as "pensioners to attend the King's Majesty at all times on their riding and passing to the fields". The riding entourage included Aston with, Captain James Stewart, Captain Crawford, Walter Stewart of Blantyre, the Master of Cathcart, John Carmichael, James Anstruther, Patrick Hume of Polwarth, and John Stewart of Baldynneis.
In July 1582 Aston was sent to Antwerp with a Scottish diplomat. They were to bring back Colonel William Stewart of Houston. Aston wrote to the Earl of Leicester describing their mission, the state of Scotland, and reporting the surrender of the town of "Houdencke", meaning Oudenaarde, whose garrison was allowed to retire with ensigns displayed.
The diplomat and intriguer Archibald Douglas held a longstanding grudge against Aston based on an incident in 1583. James VI had given Francis Walsingham a ring but Walsingham discovered the stone was worthless. They gave the ring to Aston to return it to Scotland but Aston later claimed it was stolen from him.
In December 1586 they rode to London with Robert Melville and the Master of Gray who were sent as ambassadors to plead for the life of Mary, Queen of Scots. They received £4,000 from Queen Elizabeth for James VI, the payment of an annuity or subsidy.
Aston brought the news of Mary's death to James VI in February 1587. Archibald Douglas had advised William Davison to delay sending Aston to Edinburgh with the bad news, which could affect and diminish Aston's standing with the king, and so their utility to English service. However, Aston's reputation did not suffer.
Factional politics
In July 1587 Aston wrote to Francis Walsingham and Archibald Douglas from Falkland Palace. They told Walsingham they felt abandoned and wished to seek their fortune elsewhere. To Douglas they wrote of their hopes that Elizabeth would work for James, and of their efforts for Douglas personally in the "part of a true friend". They felt unable to write to their friend Thomas Fowler because of their evil fortune. Douglas sent Aston's letters to Walsingham. It was expected that Aston and Sir William Keith of Delny would lose their places at court because they had been supporters of the Master of Gray, who was out of favour. The Earl of Huntly's followers called Aston, Keith, and the Lord Privy Seal "Queen Elizabeth's pensioners". Aston felt they were watched as an Englishman and could not write as often as they wished.
Aston travelled from the court at Falkland to Edinburgh in 1588. While they were asleep they were robbed of £70 in gold and some jewels including a ring.
Aston remained in the king's service, and in December 1588 stayed at Kinneil House and played a card game called "maye" with the king. Aston wrote to James Hudson that James was pleased by the news of the deaths of Catherine de' Medici and the Duke of Guise. They mentioned the worth of Fulke Greville's opinions. They were themselves growing weary of the "little certainty in this state as I know not what to say to it". James Hudson sent Aston's letters to Walsingham.
In March 1589 Aston (and Thomas Fowler) wrote of their support for the Chancellor of Scotland, John Maitland, 1st Lord Maitland of Thirlestane. Aston went to London and met with Walsingham on 12 April. Fowler wanted their correspondence kept secret from the Scottish ambassador and Aston. Aston returned to Edinburgh on 28 May 1589.
In August 1589 Aston travelled to London to buy items for the arrival in Scotland, the wedding, and the coronation of Anne of Denmark. They visited or wrote to Lord Scrope at Carlisle for actors from the Queen's Players to perform in Edinburgh. However, bad weather prevented Anne of Denmark from sailing. Aston travelled to Norway and Denmark with the king in 1589 and 1590.
The English ambassador Robert Bowes was asked to tell James VI about the execution in London of the Irishman Brian O'Rourke, who had been captured in Glasgow. Bowes decided to give a list of alleged treasons to Aston so that they could approach the king in the "best season" to break the news. Aston socialised with Bowes, and would travel to the horse races at Gatherley near Richmond, which Bowes also attended.
On 3 January 1592 James VI sent Aston to Elizabeth to describe the events of 27 December, when the rebel Francis Stewart, 5th Earl of Bothwell broke into Holyrood Palace and to ask that the annuity or subsidy be advanced to pay for a royal guard. On their return to court, they attempted to persuade Anne of Denmark not to intercede with James VI for Bothwell's supporters, including the physician John Naysmyth.
The good captain of Lithgow
Aston was made keeper of Linlithgow Palace and once for a practical joke hung a copy of their family tree in the gallery next to that of the king of France, which James VI found very amusing. In 1594 they repaired the roof of Linlithgow Palace using lead shipped from England. While they were at Stirling Castle in September 1595 they sold a hackney horse to James VI for them to ride, costing £200 Scots. They asked the English ambassador Robert Bowes for a fair and large portrait of Queen Elizabeth. Bowes referred to them as the "good captain of Lithgow". Roger Aston was of doubtful parentage and as a joke hung a copy of their family tree next to that of the king of France in the long gallery at Linlithgow, which James VI found very amusing.
Aston kept up a correspondence with Sir Robert Cecil. Their letters were sensitive, and once when they were intercepted in England and returned to Scotland they risked disgrace. Probably, James VI knew what Aston shared with their English correspondents, and found this a useful source of information.
Aston and Anne of Denmark
Aston's wife was Mary Stewart, a well-connected gentlewoman in the household of Anne of Denmark. In 1598 Aston had hoped to buy land for their wife and children's future in Scotland, but was caught up in the financial crisis caused by the bankruptcy of Robert Jousie and Thomas Foulis. They owed them £4,066 Scots.
They informed Sir Robert Cecil of the queen's factional struggles, which seem to have been mostly concerned with the custody of their son Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales. Aston felt that Anne of Denmark had been involved with the Ruthven brothers and the mysterious events culminating in their deaths at Gowrie House in Perth. They wrote of these suspicions to Cecil, and that incriminating "presumptions were great by both by letters and tokens".
Aston went to London to collect the subsidy money in January 1601/2. Isobella Bowes, the wife of the diplomat Robert Bowes, sent gifts to Anne of Denmark with Aston. Bowes asked Robert Bruce of Kinnaird in June if their wife, Martha Douglas, could find out if the queen had received them.
Aston was injured in a fall on the steps outside Anne of Denmark's bedchamber at Dunfermline Palace in March 1602 and was unconscious for three hours. They recovered, and subsequently discussed with Anne of Denmark how their support for the exiled Gowrie brothers and sisters and a suspected plot against King James may have dented their reputation in England.
England
At the Union of the Crowns following the death of Queen Elizabeth, Aston went to York to Thomas Cecil, Lord Burghley on 4 April 1603 and told them that King James would stay at the King's Manor for Easter on their journey to London.<ref>"HMC Salisbury Hatfield, vol. 15 (London, 1930), pp. 31, 43.</ref> Aston was knighted on the way south at Grimston Park. In October 1603 the king transferred Aston's Scottish pension of 500 merks to Archibald Douglas of Whittingehame. In November 1603 Aston and a Scottish courtier brought the new of the trial of the Earl of Cobham to the king.
King James made fun of Aston as a man from Cheshire. In July 1605 James sent their unpublished manuscript Historie of the Churche'' to the Earl of Salisbury. James had composed the work at Dalkeith Palace in the 1580s. This manuscript however had been written by Patrick Young following a copy made by John Geddie. James apologised that the language had been corrupted first by the version of Scots used by Geddie, and then by Young's attempts to convert the text into English spelling. They joked that the result was like the Welsh spoken by Aston, who was from Cheshire.
As Master of the Wardrobe, in 1608 Aston was involved in upholstering the seating and the Lord Chancellor's woolsack in the Houses of Parliament. Aston was keeper of the little park at Eltham Palace in 1610 and built four bridges for the convenience of King James.
They were a Member of Parliament for Cheshire in the Blessed Parliament from 1604 to 1611.
King James, by writ under the privy seal, in the 9th year of their reign (1611 or 1612), granted to Sir Roger's coat-armour, an augmentation out of the two national badges of England and Scotland: the rose of England, and the thistle of Scotland impaled, in a canton or, in regard of the marriage of Sir Roger with Mary Stewart, a lady in waiting to Anne of Denmark, and daughter of Andrew Stewart, Master of Ochiltree, (who died during the life of their father Andrew Stewart, 2nd Lord Ochiltree).
Godfrey Goodman wrote that they knew Aston and found them "a very honest, plain-dealing man, no dissembler, neither did they any ill office to any man".
Aston lies buried in St Dunstan's Church, Cranford, London in an ornate church monument.
Family
Aston married firstly Mary Stewart (died 11 April 1606), gentlewoman in the household of Anne of Denmark, daughter of Margaret Stewart, Mistress of Ochiltree and Andrew Stewart, Master of Ochiltree (see above), with whom they had four daughters:
Margaret (23 December 1657), married Sir Gilbert Houghton, 2nd Baronet, of Houghton-Tower, in Lancashire.
Mary, married Sir Samuel Peyton, of Knowlton, in Kent.
Elizabeth, married Sir Robert Wingfield, of Upton, in Northamptonshire,
Anne, married Sir Thomas Perient, of Colchester, in Essex.
Anne Aston was almost married to George Villiers but a Scottish gentleman of the privy chamber advised them against it.
Roger Aston married secondly Cordelia, daughter of Sir John Stanhope and sister to the Earl of Chesterfield. They had one son who died in infancy.
Notes
References
1612 deaths
English knights
Gentlemen of the Privy Chamber
Keepers of Linlithgow Palace
Year of birth unknown
Court of James VI and I
English MPs 1604–1611
Sir Godfrey Lushington (8 March 1832 – 5 February 1907) was a British civil servant. A promoter of prison reform, Lushington served as Permanent Under-Secretary of State at the Home Office of the United Kingdom from 1886 to 1895.
Lushington was born in Westminster, London, in 1832 to Stephen and Sarah Grace (née Carr) Lushington; their twin brother was Vernon Lushington, Q.C., a county court judge. Educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford, they received their degree in 1854, and was President of the Oxford Union in 1853–1854 and was elected a fellow of All Souls in 1854. Two years later, in 1856, they wrote a "rather scathing essay on their Alma Mater" in The Oxford and Cambridge Magazine.
In 1865 they married Beatrice Anne Shore Smith (1835–1914), daughter of barrister Samuel Smith and granddaughter of William Smith. They were also a cousin of Florence Nightingale and of Barbara Bodichon.
With their brother Vernon, they advocated positivist philosophy, motivated by the ideas of Auguste Comte. A supporter of labour movements, he, and fellow positivist intellectuals A.J. Mundella, Edward Spencer Beesly, Henry Crompton, and Frederic Harrison, played a leading role in the acceptance of trades' union legitimacy.
Influenced by Frederick Denison Maurice, Lushington joined their brother, and Frederic Harrison, as a teacher at the Working Men's College, and became a benefactor and member of the College governing corporation.
They rose to Permanent Under-Secretary of State at the Home Office in 1885, and was knighted in 1892. During their Home Office tenure the Whitechapel Murders gripped attention and imagination; a Jewish and Anarchist connection was seriously considered. The chalked Goulston Street message was seen by Commissioner Charles Warren to have potential for increased religious tension; Warren explained to Lushington that reason for the immediate removal of the message.
They retired from the civil service in 1895 and became an alderman of London County Council, a position held until 1898 when they became one of the British Government delegates to the Rome Anti-Anarchist Congress, (24 November to 21 December 1898) with Sir Philip Currie and Sir C. Howard Vincent.
After retirement, Lushington gave evidence to the Gladstone Committee on prison reform: “I regard as unfavourable to reformation the status of a prisoner throughout their whole career; the crushing of self-respect, the starving of all moral instinct they may possess, the absence of all opportunity to do or receive a kindness, the continual association of none but criminals, the forced labour, and the denial of all liberty. I believe the true method of reforming a man, of restoring them to society, is exactly in the opposite direction to all these.”
References
1832 births
1907 deaths
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Fellows of All Souls College, Oxford
Presidents of the Oxford Union
British civil servants
Members of London County Council
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Permanent Under-Secretaries of State for the Home Department
Seven ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Bulwark, after the reference to the Navy as the 'bulwark' (defence) of the country:
HMS Bulwark was to have been a 74-gun third rate. They were ordered in 1778 but was cancelled in 1783.
was a 74-gun third rate launched in 1807. They had previously planned to be called HMS Scipio, but was renamed in 1806 before being launched. They took part in the blockade of Rochefort in 1813 and fought in the War of 1812. They were broken up in 1826.
HMS Bulwark was to have been an 81-gun screw propelled second rate. They were laid down in 1859, but work was suspended in 1861, and they were eventually cancelled and broken up in 1873.
HMS Bulwark was previously the planned 110-gun first rate . They were kept in reserve and was renamed Bulwark in 1885 when they became a training ship. They were renamed HMS Impregnable in 1886, and then HMS Bulwark again in 1919. They were sold for breaking up in 1921.
was a launched in 1899 and blown up by accident in 1914.
was a light fleet carrier launched in 1948, and commissioned as a fleet carrier in 1954. They were converted to a commando carrier in 1959, recommissioned in that role in January 1960. They were broken up in 1984.
is an amphibious assault ship launched in 2001 and currently in service.
Royal Navy ship names
E. Gopalakrishna Menon (16 January 1919 - 8 September 1996) was an Indian legislator and a leader of the Communist Party of India. They were the first communist legislator of Independent India. They had won the by-election to the Kochi Legislative Assembly in 1949. They were elected to the Travancore Cochin Legislative Assembly in 1952. They were elected to the First Kerala Legislative Assembly in 1957 and Fourth K.L.A in 1970 from Kodungallur Constituency.
References
Communist Party of India politicians from Kerala
Kerala MLAs 1957–1959
Kerala MLAs 1970–1977
1919 births
1996 deaths
João Rodrigo Pereira Escoval (born 8 May 1997) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Super League Greece club Volos.
Club career
Escoval was born in Lisbon. They joined S.L. Benfica's youth system at the age of 10, signing from SG Sacavenense also in the region.
On 24 August 2016, Escoval made their professional debut for the B team, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2–1 away win against F.C. Vizela in the LigaPro. They contributed a further nine starts until the end of the season, helping to a final fourth position.
On 18 August 2017, the 20-year-old Escoval and teammate Filipe Ferreira were sold to NK Istra 1961 from the Croatian First Football League, as Mato Miloš moved in the opposite direction. On 10 January 2018, they signed a -year contract with fellow league club HNK Rijeka with a three-year extension option. They scored their first top-flight goal while in service of the latter side, opening the 2–0 away victory over NK Varaždin on 28 September 2019.
Escoval joined Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. of the Cypriot First Division on 31 January 2022, until June 2023.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Rijeka
Croatian Football Cup: 2018–19, 2019–20
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Portuguese footballers
Footballers from Lisbon
Association football defenders
Liga Portugal 2 players
Casa Pia A.C. players
S.L. Benfica B players
Croatian Football League players
NK Istra 1961 players
HNK Rijeka players
Cypriot First Division players
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. players
Super League Greece players
Volos N.F.C. players
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Phyllonorycter mariaeella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Canada (Québec and Ontario) and the United States (Missouri and Michigan).
The wingspan is 8-8.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Symphoricarpos species, including Symphoricarpos orbiculatus, Symphoricarpos symphoricarpos and Symphoricarpos vulgaris. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the underside of the leaf. Pupation takes place within an ovoid white silken cocoon.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
mariaeella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1875
Müllenbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Aiouea cinnamomoidea is a species of tree in the laurel family (Lauraceae). It is native to the states of Oaxaca and Guerrero in southern Mexico.
Description
Aioueia cinnamomoidea is an evergreen shrub or small tree, growing 2 to 10 meters tall, called mountain laurel. The flowers are small, inconspicuous and bisexual. It is distinguished by the presence of only the third whorl of stamens fertile, anthers bicelled, staminodes of the fourth whorl well developed, and a cupule with persistent tepals subtending the fruit. These characteristics are common to Aioueia, Ocotea, Nectandra, Cinnamomum, and few others. The fruit are succulent, olive fruit shaped with a deep thick cup, and dispersed mostly by birds.
Range and habitat
Aioueia cinnamomoidea is native to cloud forests in the Sierra Madre del Sur of Guerrero and Oaxaca states, between 1,600 and 1,800 meters elevation.
References
cinnamomoidea
Flora of the Sierra Madre del Sur
Cloud forest flora of Mexico
Endemic flora of Mexico
Trees of Guerrero
Trees of Oaxaca
Rony Edgardo Morales Solís (born June 8, 1978) is a Honduran football defender who currently plays for Platense in Liga Nacional de Honduras.
Club career
A left-sided defender, Morales previously played for Olimpia.
International career
Morales made their debut for Honduras in a November 1999 friendly match against Guatemala and has earned a total of 30 caps, scoring 1 goal. They have represented their country in 4 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2001, and 2003 UNCAF Nations Cups and was a non-playing squad member at the 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Their final international was an October 2006 friendly match against Guatemala.
International goals
Scores and results list Honduras' goal tally first.
References
External links
Profile - Diez
1978 births
Living people
People from Yoro Department
Association football defenders
Honduran footballers
Honduras international footballers
2001 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2003 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Platense F.C. players
C.D. Olimpia players
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras players
Harry Knoles (1880-1936) was a British film director of the silent era.
Selected filmography
The Greater Will (1915)
The Master Hand (1915)
Bought and Paid For (1916)
Their Brother's Wife (1916)
The Devil's Toy (1916)
The Volunteer (1917)
The Stolen Paradise (1917)
The Price of Pride (1917)
Adventures of Carol (1917)
The Little Duchess (1917)
A Square Deal (1917)
The Burglar (1917)
Souls Adrift (1917)
The Page Mystery (1917)
The Social Leper (1917)
Bolshevism on Trial (1919)
Guilty of Love (1920)
Half an Hour (1920)
A Romantic Adventuress (1920)
The Great Shadow (1920)
Carnival (1921)
The Bohemian Girl (1922)
Lew Tyler's Wives (1926)
The White Sheik (1928)
The Rising Generation (1928)
Irish Hearts (1934)
References
External links
1880 births
1936 deaths
British film directors
People from Rotherham
20th-century British screenwriters
John Bartlett Pierce (June 2, 1844 – June 23, 1917) was an American industrialist who founded the Pierce Steam Heating Company, a forerunner of the American Radiator Company.
Biography
Pierce was born June 2, 1844, in Embden, Maine. Their first business enterprise was a store in Buffalo, New York, acquired 1872. They subsequently took on an assistant Joseph Bond, who was experienced in the installation of furnaces and stoves. In 1881 Pierce and Bond founded the Pierce Steam Heating Company of Buffalo.
In 1892 they merged their company with the Detroit Radiator Company and the Michigan Radiator and Iron Company to form the American Radiator Company.
Pierce was married twice, but died childless in Lynnfield, Massachusetts on June 23, 1917. Theirs will left company stock, valued at more than $1 million, to more than 400 friends and employees, and designated additional funds to endow a private foundation.
Legacy
The John B. Pierce Foundation was established in 1924 to promote research, educational, technical or scientific work in the general field of heating, ventilation and sanitation.
References
1844 births
1917 deaths
19th-century American businesspeople
Glossary is an American rock band from Murfreesboro, Tennessee that formed in 1997.
History
Glossary released their debut LP Southern by the Grace of Location on Champ Records in 1998, followed by All We've Learned About Living in 2000. They released a pair of albums on Undertow Music, How We Handle Our Midnights (2003) and For What I Don't Become (2006), followed by Feral Fire in 2010 on Liberty & Lament records, and finally Long Live All of Us in 2011 via Last Chance Records and Xtra Mile Recordings. The band appeared on an episode of Last Call With Carson Daly in 2013, performing Lonely is a Town.
In 2013 the band was forced to cancel tour dates and go on hiatus after drummer Eric Giles injured their shoulder. The band reunited for a series of 20th anniversary shows in late 2017.
In addition to Glossary, vocalist Joey Kneiser has released two solo albums, each with backing vocals from Glossary bandmate Kelly Smith.
Discography
Glossary
2020 A Very Glossary Christmas EP (Young Buffalo)
2011 Long Live All of Us (Xtra Mile Recordings/Last Chance Records)
2010 Feral Fire (Liberty & Lament/Undertow)
2007 The Better Angels of Our Nature (Last Chance Records/Undertow)
2006 For What I Don't Become (Undertow)
2003 How We Handle Our Midnights (Undertow)
2000 This Is All We've Learned About Living (Champ Records)
1998 Southern by the Grace of Location (Champ Records)
Joey Kneiser solo
2015 The Wildness (This Is American Music)
2012 Moonlight for the Graveyard Heart EP (self-released)
2010 The All Night Bedroom Revival (Undertow)
References
External links
Musical groups from Tennessee
1997 establishments in Tennessee
Musical groups established in 1997
Joseph Bow Waters (29 April 1882 – 30 June 1954) was a Scottish rugby union player.
They were capped twice in 1904 . They also played for Cambridge University RFC.
They were the father of Frank Waters, who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1882 births
1954 deaths
Cambridge University R.U.F.C. players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Steffan Nero is an Australian visually impaired sportsperson who has represented their country in blind cricket, goalball, association football, and futsal. On 14 June 2022, they set the new world record for registering the highest ever individual score in the history of blind cricket with an unbeaten knock of 309 against New Zealand during the bilateral ODI series.
Domestic cricket
They have also represented Western Australia in blind cricket matches at National Cricket Inclusion Championships in Victoria. They were part of Western Australia side which won the 2017 National Cricket Inclusion Championships. During the 2017 National Cricket Inclusion Championships, they scored their first century for Western Australia club.
Biography
Steffan has low vision after being born with congenital nystagmus. They played cricket with able-bodied children up until the age of ten but they had to switch to blind cricket as their vision condition started to deteriorate. The condition caused involuntary eye movement. They pursued their interest in goalball at the age of 12.  They are also currently pursuing degrees in both Law and Behavioural Science at the University of Notre Dame.
Career
They initially started playing football at professional level but decided to quit the sport and took up the sports of goalball and blind cricket. Their interest in blind cricket was also fuelled by Western Australian captain Brad Brider with the latter would go onto become a close friend of Steffan.
In 2016, they were selected in Australian A side at the age of 17. They were adjudged as the best player during 2016 Australian National Goalball Championship in Sydney when they received the highest goal scorer award during the course of the tournament. They were included as part of Australian blind cricket team for the 2017 Blind T20 World Cup and was also the youngest member of the Australian squad. They were part of the Australia men's national goalball team at the 2017 IBSA Asia/Pacific Goalball Regional Championships.
In 2018, they also plied their trade in futsal in addition to the two other sports. In October 2019, they traveled to England with the Australian visually impaired futsal team to play a five game series.
In May 2022, they were named in Australian squad for International Cricket Inclusion Series against New Zealand national blind cricket team.
In June 2022, during the first ODI between New Zealand and Australia, they scored 309 not out and became the first ever batsman to score a triple century in blind cricket history. They reached their triple century in just 140 balls including 49 fours and one six. It was also their third successive century for them in the 2022 International Cricket Inclusion Series with two of them came against New Zealand in T20 fixtures. They also surpassed Masood Jan's world record for the highest individual score in 40 over ODI in blind cricket history. Their innings also propelled Australia to compile a world record team total in any formats of blind cricket with 541/2.
References
Living people
Australian cricketers
Western Australia cricketers
Blind cricketers
Blind people from Australia
Australian men's futsal players
Male goalball players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Peramangk language is also known as Merildekald and is a Pama-Nyungan language of the Peramangk lands in South Australia. Like its congener the Kaurna language, it was previously considered endangered.
History
Many Peramangk place names, cultural practices and dreamtime character names are well known. A proportion of the vocabulary and grammatical elements of the language may potentially be shared with Kaurna language as well as Nganguruku language, and to some extent the Ngarrindjeri and Ngadjuri languages among others. Some elements of the Peramangk language may be considered distinctive from Kaurna. Peramangk language may be held dear by Peramangk elders, and hence it was cited that a Peramangk descendant is collecting and compiling language data. It is likely that Peramangk elders knew each of the surrounding languages, as surrounding tribes often met on Peramangk land at their invitation.
A work compiled by The Lutheran Missionary Society within a short period after colonisation of mainland South Australia constitutes a reference manual for the Kaurna language and hence also for the Peramangk language, and the content of an available downloadable version is entirely searchable by text so serving as a handy resource for all ages.
References
Lower Murray languages
Thura-Yura languages
A Scout troop is a term adopted into use with Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts and the Scout Movement to describe their basic units. The term troop echoes a group of mounted scouts in the military or an expedition and follows the terms cavalry, mounted infantry and mounted police use for organizational units.
Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts and Scout Movement
In the Scout Movement, a Scout troop is an organizational unit consisting of a number of patrols of Scouts, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts or Girl Guides. Girl Guides often use the terms unit instead of patrol and company instead of troop. The initial organization unit in the Scout Movement was a patrol of about 6 to 8 Scouts. Where there were a number of patrols, they could form a Scout troop. Scout troops are composed of boys and/or girls usually aged 10 to 18 years. Some Scout organizations have senior Scout patrols within Scout troops or senior Scout troops for the older youths. The size of a Scout troop can vary from as few as six Scouts to several dozen. Scout troops may meet regularly at a meeting place. In addition, some Scout troops are active in the organization of additional activities.
In some Scout organizations a Scout troop can be part of a Scout Group that combines the Scout troop with programs for different age groups such as Beavers, Cubs, Explorers or Venturers and Rovers, while in other Scout organizations the different age groups are independent of each other even though they may be sponsored or chartered by the same community organization, such as a business, service organization, school, labor group veteran's group, or religious institution.
Leadership
A key component of the Scouting movement is that Scout troops are led by the Scouts themselves under the advice and guidance of adult leaders. Scout Troops operate on the patrol method. Each Scout patrol is led by a Scout called the Patrol Leader. The Patrol Leaders within a Scout Troop form a Court of Honour or 'Troop Council' under of the adult leader of the Scout Troop. Some Scout Organizations allow a Scout to be appointed as a Senior Patrol Leader or Troop Leader who heads the Scout troop and Court of Honour. The Court of Honour is responsible for the management, program and activities of the troop. The leadership role of the adult and Scout members of the Court of Honour vary, and in some troops it is the norm for the adult leader to play a mentorship role, teaching the youth responsibility in their own leadership roles.
See also
Cub Pack
References
Scouting
The following Confederate States Army units and commanders fought in the American Civil War's Second Battle of Kernstown on July 24, 1864 in Kernstown, now part of the Virginia city of Winchester. The Union order of battle is shown separately.
Abbreviations used
Military rank
GEN = General
LTG = Lieutenant General
MG = Major General
BG = Brigadier General
Col = Colonel
Ltc = Lieutenant Colonel
Maj = Major
Cpt = Captain
Lt = Lieutenant
Bvt = Brevet Rank
Other
w = wounded
mw = mortally wounded
k = killed
Army of the Valley
LTG Jubal A. Early
Breckinridge's Command
MG John C. Breckinridge
Forces reporting directly to Gen. Early
References
Kernstown Battlefield Association
Patchan, Scott C. (2007). Shenandoah Summer: The 1864 Valley Campaign. Lincoln & London, Nebraska: University of Nebraska Press. ISBN 978-0-8032-3754-4
Notes
American Civil War orders of battle
Loudoun County in the American Civil War
Groopman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jerome Groopman, American physician and writer
John Groopman, American cancer researcher
See also
Gropman
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1531.
Events
unknown dates
The first emblem book appears, the Emblemata (), an unauthorized issue by the printer Heinrich Steyner in Augsburg, Bavaria, of Italian jurist Andrea Alciato's privately circulated Latin verses, accompanied by woodcuts.
Petrarch's poetry Trionfi (Triumphs) is first translated into French as Les Triomphes.
New books
Prose
Henry Cornelius Agrippa – De occulta philosophia libri tres, Book One
Andrea Alciato – Emblemata
Sir Thomas Elyot – The Boke Named the Governour (the first English work of moral philosophy)
Niccolò Machiavelli (posthumous) – Discourses on Livy
Paracelsus – Opus Paramirum (written in St. Gallen)
Michael Servetus – (On the Errors of the Trinity)
William Turner – (completed in 1568)
Drama
Accademia degli Intronati – Gl' Ingannati
Poetry
Marguerite de Navarre –
Approximate date – John Skelton – Colin Clout
Births
June 1 – János Zsámboky, Hungarian humanist scholar (died 1584)
October 7 – Scipione Ammirato, Italian historian (died 1601)
November 29 – Johannes Letzner, German historian (died 1613)
Unknown date – Ercole Bottrigari, Italian poet, music theorist and publisher (died 1612)
Deaths
October 11 – Huldrych Zwingli, Swiss theologian (born 1484; killed in Second War of Kappel)
probable – Fernan Perez de Oliva, Spanish linguist (born c. 1492)
References
1531
1531 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
Reshkan (, also Romanized as Reshkān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Kaleidoscope is a 2015 extended play (EP) by Courtney Act. According to Nylon, the EP is a "meditation on gender and the artifice that comes along with social constructions".
Composition
According to Queerty Timothy Allen, the title track "tells the story of how the traditionally separate colors of gender and sexuality are blurring into a kaleidoscope of possibilities".
Promotion
The music video for "Kaleidoscope" sees Courtney Act in drag, meeting and kissing a girl. The song served as the official theme of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras in 2016.
Track listing
"Kaleidoscope" – 3:23
"Ecstasy" – 4:08
"Ugly" – 3:33
"Body Parts" – 3:38
"Like Me" – 3:22
"Inhale" – 3:14
References
2015 EPs
2015 debut EPs
EPs by Australian artists
LGBT-related albums
Lyudmila Vladimirovna Mayakovskaya (; 24 August 1884, Nikitino — 12 September 1972, Moscow) was a Russian and Soviet textile designer and teacher. They were given the title of Merited Cultural Worker of the RSFSR. They were the elder sister of the poet Vladimir Mayakovsky.
Life
Lyudmila Mayakovskaya was born on August 24, 1884 in Armenia in the village of Nikitino. In 1910 they graduated from the Stroganov Moscow State Academy of Arts and Industry, worked as an artist-designer for textiles at the Moscow enterprises «Trekhgornaya textile manufacture» and the Red Banner Textile Factory in Moscow, where they headed the aerography workshop. Mayakovskaya was the first woman in the factory who held an administrative and technical position before the revolution in Russia.
In 1925, they participated in the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts in Paris, where they received a silver medal for their work. In the same year, they invent and patents a new method of obtaining patterns in Russia.
From 1929 to 1949 they taught at the faculty of tissue design at the Moscow State Textile University and was an assistant professor in the special compositions department. They were preparing fabric artists at Vkhutemas. Among their students were artists such as Tatiana Klyukas, Natalia Ganina-Kravtsova, Natalia Kiseleva and others.
They have published several biographical books about their brother, Vladimir Mayakovsky.
The exhibitions of Ludmila Mayakovskaya were held in France, United Kingdom, Italy, Russia. The name of Lyudmila Mayakovskaya is included in the catalog «Women of Russian Avant-garde», published in the USA. The works of Mayakovskaya for the American catalog were selected personally by Giorgio Armani.
Honours and awards
Silver Medal of the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts (1925)
Diploma of Honor and the 2nd prize of the 1st Art Exhibition «Household Soviet Textiles» (1929)
Medal "In Commemoration of the 800th Anniversary of Moscow" (1948)
Merited Cultural Worker of the RSFSR (1964)
Order of the Red Banner of Labour (1964)
References
External links
Textiles by Lyudmila Mayakovskaya
Poet's family
Lyudmila Mayakovskaya sister of poet Vladimir Mayakovsky
People from Lori Province
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
Artists from Moscow
Russian painters
Women textile artists
Feminist artists
Russian women painters
Russian women short story writers
20th-century Russian women writers
Textile designers
1884 births
1972 deaths
Russian textile artists
Moscow State Textile University faculty
Mustafa Çakır (born December 15, 1986 in Sinop, Turkey) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the Laser class. The tall athlete at is a member of Heybeliada Aquatics Club in Istanbul, where they are coached by Saruhan Çınay.
They qualified for participation at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing in 39th place.
They won the Laser-Europacup 2012 held in Martigues, France.
Achievements
References
1986 births
People from Sinop, Turkey
Turkish male sailors (sport)
Living people
Olympic sailors of Turkey
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Laser
Members of the 22nd Parliament of Turkey
Frank Findeiß (born September 19, 1971 in Trier) is a German poet.
Life and work
Frank Findeiß was born in Trier (Rhineland-Palatinate) in 1971. After their abitur at the Staatliche Hilda-Gymnasium in Koblenz and their military service in the Heeresmusikkorps 300 they started studying philosophy, educational science and sociology at Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn. In summer 2001 they obtained the degree of a Magister Artium with a dissertation on Karl Marx. After several internships and working as freelance contributor for a radio station as well as for the online magazine bumbanet.de they started training as a specialized journalist at Freie Journalistenschule in Berlin in 2008, which they successfully completed in 2010.
While studying in Bonn, and during their work after that, they have devoted themselves to creative writing since the middle of the 1990s.<ref>Frank Findeiß. In: General-Anzeiger 19. December 2016.</ref> At the beginning of the 2000s they started standing out in publications, so that they have so far featured in numerous poetry anthologies, among them the series Junge Lyrik by Martin Werhand Verlag. Their poetry was also recognized in projects that got supra-regional attention, such as the event Poesie bewegt in 2006/2007, organized by the Bremer Verkehrsbetriebe and the foundation Apollon-Stiftung with the art directors Renato Mismetti and Joachim Tuz, and the event Lesezeichen 2014, organized by the Förderverein Forum-Literaturbüro e. V. in Hildesheim. In April 2015 their first own poetry book Sozialisolation was published in the series 100 Gedichte by Martin Werhand Verlag. Their second poetry book was published one year later with the title Blutonium in the series 100 Gedichte by the same publisher. A third, fourth and fifth book of poetry was published in the years 2017, 2018 and 2019 in the series 50 Gedichte with the title Albtrauma, Kassiber and Alphasucht. Their works deal mainly with political and socio-critical topics.
Frank Findeiß works as freelance music teacher in Bad Godesberg.
Publications (selection)
Books
Psychologische Elemente in der Anthropologie von Karl Marx: Ein Beitrag zur Genese seines Menschenbildes. AVM Akademische Verlagsgemeinschaft München, Munich 2014, .
Sozialisolation. 100 Gedichte. Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2015, 168 p. .
Blutonium. 100 Gedichte. Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2016, 168 p. .
Herbert Grönemeyers Menschenbild im Spannungsfeld zwischen Philanthropie und Kulturpessimismus – Das Verhältnis von Individuum und Gesellschaft in seinen Texten. Verlag Die Blaue Eule, Essen, 2017, 98 p. .
Albtrauma. 50 Gedichte. Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2017, 120 p. .
Kassiber. 50 Gedichte. Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2018, 120 p. .
Alphasucht. 50 Gedichte. Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2019, 120 p. .
Anthologies (selection)
Junge Lyrik III – 50 Dichterinnen und Dichter. Anthology, Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2002, . Also second, revised edition.
Fluchten – Zufluchten. Helicon Verlag, Kiel 2003,
Erinnerung an Licht. Engelsdorfer Verlag, Berlin 2005,
Von Wegen – eine Anthologie des Literarischen Vereins der Pfalz. Marsilius Verlag, Speyer 2005,
Gedichte – best german underground lyriks. Acheron Verlag, Altenburg 2006,
Die Jahreszeiten der Liebe. Anthology, Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2006, .
Die Tyrannei von Feder & Flasche – Schriftsteller über Alkohol. Acheron Verlag, Altenburg 2006,
Momente & Landschaften. Engelsdorfer Verlag, Berlin 2007,
Frauen – Männer. Elbverlag, Torgau 2014,
Strohblumenstörung – Politische Dichtung der Gegenwart I. Chiliverlag, Verl 2015,
Weißt Du noch? – Anekdoten aus dem Leben – Erinnerungen. Wendepunkt-Verlag, Weiden 2015,
Fassadenflucht – Politische Dichtung der Gegenwart II. Chiliverlag, Verl 2015,
Herzschlaf – Gedichte & Kurzprosa über Trauer, Trost und Hoffnung.'' Chiliverlag, Verl 2015,
Memberships
Verband deutscher Schriftstellerinnen und Schriftsteller (VS)
Deutscher Fachjournalisten-Verband (DFJV)
See also
External links
Offizielle Webseite
Frank Findeiß in: NRW Literatur im Netz
Portrait of Frank Findeiß in: Rheinland-Pfälzische Personendatenbank
Frank Findeiß in: Verband deutscher Schriftstellerinnen und Schriftsteller
Frank Findeiß in: WorldCat
References
1971 births
Living people
German male poets
German poets
People from Trier
Writers from Bonn
People from the Rhine Province
University of Bonn alumni
Caupichigau Lake is a freshwater body of the southern part of Eeyou Istchee James Bay (municipality), in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The surface of the lake is largely in the townships of Berey and Daine. Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector. Recreational tourism activities come second.
The hydrographic slope of Lake Caupichigau is accessible through the road 113 which link Lebel-sur-Quevillon to Chibougamau. The surface of Lake Caupichigau is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-November to mid-April.
Geography
This lake formed in length has a length of , a maximum width of and an altitude of . It is fed to the Northeast by the outlet of Lake Ruth.
The mouth of Lake Caupichigau is located at the bottom of a bay on the north-west side, at:
Northeast of the mouth of the Caupichigau River;
Northeast of the mouth of the La Trêve River (confluence with the Maicasagi River);
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River (confluence with Maicasagi Lake);
Northeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
Northeast of the mouth of Olga Lake (Waswanipi River);
Northeast of the village center of Waswanipi;
Northeast of downtown Matagami;
Northeast of the mouth of Matagami Lake.
The main hydrographic slopes near Lake Caupichigau are:
North side: Omo River (Quebec), Omo Lake, Caupichigam Lake;
East side: Mildred River, Brock River (Chibougamau River), Chibougamau River;
South side: Chibougamau River, La Trêve River, La Trêve Lake;
West side: La Trêve River, Maicasagi River.
The main hydrographic slopes near Lake Caupichigau are:
North side: Omo River (Quebec), Omo Lake, Caupichigam Lake;
East side: Mildred River, Brock River (Chibougamau River), Chibougamau River;
South side: Chibougamau River, La Trêve River, La Trêve Lake;
West side: La Trêve River, Maicasagi River.
Toponymy
This hydronym is indicated on the sheet of the topographic series Mistassini, in 1945.
The toponym "Lac Caupichigau" was formalized on December 5, 1968, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec when it was created.
Notes and references
See also
Eeyou Istchee James Bay
Lakes of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Klara Gabriele Bühl (born 7 December 2000) is a German footballer who plays as a forward or winger for FC Bayern München, and the Germany national team.
Club career
Klara Bühl first played in various youth teams of the Spvgg Untermünstertal before moving to the youth department of the Bundesliga club SC Freiburg in the summer of 2013. From the 2014–15 season on, they competed with the B-Juniors in the Bundesliga South and reached the semi-finals of the German Championship with the 2016 team. There they scored all three goals for Freiburg in the 3–2 victory in the second leg against FSV Gütersloh 2009, but the team missed the final after a 2–0 epss in the first leg. For the 2016–17 season, Bühl moved up early to the women's team of Freiburg and made their debut on 11 September 2016 (2nd matchday) in the 5–0 victory in the home game against MSV Duisburg as a substitute for Lena Petermann in the Bundesliga. After they had been mainly substituted in 2016–17, they regularly played in Freiburg's starting eleven in 2017–18 and scored their first three Bundesliga goals in the 7–0 win in the away game against 1. FC Köln on 1 October 2017 (4th matchday) with the goals for 3–0, 4–0 and 5–0.
It was announced in April 2020 that they would sign for Bayern Munich. The following year, they signed a contract extension that would keep them at the club until 2025. In the 2021–22 season, Bühl was Bayern's joint second-highest goalscorer with 13 goals in all competitions.
International career
Bühl made their debut for the national team on 23 April 2014 as part of the U-15 national team's friendly match against the Dutch team and scored their first three goals on 28 October 2014 in a 13–0 win over Scotland. After four appearances for the U-16 national team, in 2016 they were the youngest player in the German squad for the European Championship, which took place in Belarus from 4 to 16 May 2016. They played in all five matches and won the Under-17 European Championship title after a 3–2 final victory in penalty shootout against the Spanish team. Bühl was also part of the German line-up for the 2016 U-17 World Cup in Jordan and reached the quarter-finals with the team where Spain lost 2–1.
In March 2017, they made their debut for the U-19 national team, with which they qualified for the Under-19 European Championship in Northern Ireland in the same year and reached the semi-finals there against France. Bühl scored 1–0 in this game but the French won 2–1 in the end. The following year Bühl was part of the German line-up for the U-20 World Cup in France and played in all three group games as well as in the quarter-finals, which were lost 3–1 to the future World Champion from Japan.
In December 2018, they were appointed by national coach Martina Voss-Tecklenburg to the senior national squad for the winter training camp in Marbella from 14 to 21 January 2019 for the first time. On 28 February 2019, they were substituted for the senior national team in the 90th minute in a test match against France, thus completing their first game for the senior national team. For the 2019 World Cup, they were called to the German team by Voss-Tecklenburg.
Career statistics
Scores and results list Germany's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Bühl goal.
Honours
SC Freiburg
DFB-Pokal: runner-up 2018–19
Bayern Munich
Bundesliga: 2020–21
Germany
UEFA Women's Championship runner-up: 2022
Germany U17
UEFA U-17 Women's Championship: 2016
Individual
UEFA Women's Championship Team of the Tournament: 2022
References
External links
Interview mit Klara Bühl, dfb 26 May 2019
2000 births
German women's footballers
Germany women's international footballers
Living people
People from Friedrichshafen
Sportspeople from Tübingen (region)
SC Freiburg (women) players
FC Bayern Munich (women) players
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
Frauen-Bundesliga players
Women's association football midfielders
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
FSV Gütersloh 2009 players
UEFA Women's Euro 2022 players
Alma is an unincorporated community in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. The community was named for Alma Flinn, a local teacher.
Geography
Alma is located at and has an elevation of .
Demographics
According to the returns from 1850-2010 for Alabama, it has never reported a population figure separately on the U.S. Census.
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Clarke County, Alabama
Torge and Torger is a masculine given name.
Torge
Torge Hollmann (born 1982), German footballer
Torge Schmidt (born 1988), German politician
Torge Paetow (born 1995), German footballer
Torger
Torger Christian Wolf (born 1972), Austrian billionaire motorsport executive
Torger Reve (born 1949), Norwegian economist
Torger Juve (born 1840), Norwegian-born American politician
Torger Ødegaard (born 1966), Norwegian politician
Torger Baardseth(1875–1947), Norwegian bookseller and publisher
Torger Hovi (1905–1980), Norwegian politician
Torger Nergård (born 1974), Norwegian curler
Torger G. Thompson (1853–1923), American politician
Torger Motland (born 1985), Norwegian football striker
Torger Holtsmark (1863–1926), Norwegian farmer and politician
Torger Tokle (1919–1945 , Norwegian-born American ski jumper and military officer
Torger Hougen, American musician
See also
Torg
Masculine given names
German masculine given names
Norwegian masculine given names
Hyde Park is a neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri. A historic North St. Louis neighborhood, Hyde Park is bound by Ferry to the North, I-70 to the East, Palm Street and Natural Bridge Avenue to the South, and Glasgow to the West.
The community is named after William Hyde.
The neighborhood lost its prosperity to industrial disinvestment following World War II. Harland Bartholomew included Hyde Park among the neighborhoods destined for "slum clearance," and with the departure of General Motors, the North Side fell on its way to becoming a "ghost town." Racial conflicts were apparent. The mostly Caucasian leadership referred to the plans for Hyde Park and other neighborhoods in the urban core as "urban renewal," while the African-American leaders within the community referred to it as "Negro removal."
Located near the center of the neighborhood is the eponymous urban park, comprising an area of just less than 12 acres. The park is bounded by Bremen Avenue to the north, Blair Avenue to the east, Salisbury Street along the south edge, and North 20th Street to the west.
Demographics
In 2020 Hyde Park's population was 84.6% Black, 9.7% White, 0.3% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 3.8% Two or More Races, and 1.2% Some Other Race. 1.6% of the population was of Hispanic or Latino origin.
References
External links
Neighborhood Website
Hyde Park Master Plan
"The Landmarks of Hyde Park"
Neighborhoods in St. Louis
Central Cooperative Bank (, Centralna kooperativna banka), founded on 28 March 1991 is a universal commercial bank in Sofia, Bulgaria, belonging to the financial structure of CCB Group. It is listed on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange.
History
On 28 March 1991 Central Cooperative Bank was registered with a resolution of the Sofia City Court. At first the Bulgarian National Bank Management Board issued a licence to CCB Plc for carrying out bank activity on the territory of the country.
The founders of the bank were Central Cooperative Union, the regional cooperative unions and more than 1100 cooperative organisations. In the beginning its mission was to contribute to the development of the cooperative system in Bulgaria. Passing through different development periods, the Bank established itself as a universal commercial bank nowadays.
Since 12 March 1993 ,the Bank is authorised to carry out operations abroad as well.
Since July 1993 CCB Plc is an associate member of the European Association of Cooperative Banks, domiciled at Brussels.
On 4 March 1999 CCB Plc received the statute of a publicly listed company, and in this way became one of the two Bulgarian banks, the shares of which were traded on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange - Sofia.
Up to 2001 CCB Plc shareholders included: Central Cooperative Union, Bulbank AD, the State Agricultural Fund, the Bank Consolidation Company etc.
At the beginning of 2002 the share of Bank Consolidation Company AD amounting to 32.77% was acquired through bidding by Chimimport JSC, which became the main shareholder of Central Cooperative Bank Plc.
In 2002 CCB Plc received a licence from MasterCard Europe – a prestigious international card organisation for the issuance and acceptance of the international Maestro debit cards and MasterCard credit cards.
In 2003 CCB Plc acquired a licence for a Bulgarian agent of Western Union, the international fast money transfer company.
In September 2004 Central Cooperative Bank Plc became a member of the Management Board of the International Cooperative Banking Association, together with over 52 credit institutions from 36 countries.
At the end of 2004 CCB Plc increased its capital from BGN 16 169 564 to BGN 32 338 128 via the issuance of 16 168 564 shares, having a par and issue value of BGN 1. The Bank's main shareholder is CCB Group Assets Management EAD, which is 100% property of Chimimport Plc.
On 27 May 2005 the Bank became a principal member of Visa International and at the beginning of 2006 we started offering the family of Visa cards.
In September 2005 CCB Plc took a decision to increase its share capital by 50% and as of the end of the year it amounted to BGN 48 507 186, and the shareholders` equity was BGN 80,928 thousand.
In December 2005 CCB Plc received a permit from the Central Bank of Cyprus to open its first foreign branch in Nicosia.
On 11 May 2006 CCB Plc signed a second Syndicated Term Loan Facility, whereas the initial amount of EUR 11.000.000 was increased to EUR 27.500.000 with the participation of 12 foreign banks. The syndicated loan was arranged by HSH Nordbank AG and Raiffeizen Zentralbank Österreich AG.
At the end of June 2006 the General Meeting of Shareholders of CCB Plc took a decision to increase the capital by 50% and at the end of the year the Bank share capital amounted to BGN 72 760 779.
Since 1 January 2007, with Bulgaria's accession to EU, CCB Plc has acquired the statute of a full member of the European Association of Cooperative Banks.
In June 2007 the General Meeting of Shareholders of CCB Plc. took a decision to increase the capital and at the end of the year it amounts to BGN 83 155 thousand.
In September 2007 the first foreign branch of CCB Plc. was opened in Nicosia, Cyprus.
On 28 February 2008 CCB Plc acquired the Macedonian bank Sileks Bank AD Skopie, which was renamed to Central Cooperative Bank AD Skopje on 22 October 2008. At present CCB Plc has 82.57% of the voting shares of the capital of CCB AD Skopje.
On 15 August 2008 Central Cooperative Bank Plc joined ISDA - International Swaps and Derivatives Association as a user. The contract intermediary is Raiffeizen Zentralbank Österreich AG.
In October 2008 CCB Plc became an indirect member of EBA STEP2 SCT.
In December 2008 CCB Plc became an indirect member of TARGET2.
See also
List of banks in Bulgaria
References
External links
Central Cooperative Bank website
Cooperative banks of Bulgaria
Banks established in 1991
Bulgarian brands
Bulgarian companies established in 1991
Whare Flat Folk Festival is a music festival held annually over four days each New Year at Waiora Scout Camp in Whare Flat, located in the Silver Stream valley some northwest of the city centre of Dunedin in the South Island of New Zealand. It has been held each year since 1975 and usually attracts international musical talent. In addition to professional acts, the Festival offers opportunities for attendees to improve their music and dance skills at workshops, join in with others at late-night sessions, or perform at open mic shows. For the purposes of the Festival, "folk" music is defined broadly to include any acoustic music; the programme regularly includes a two-hour slot of blues on one afternoon. Whare Flat Folk Festival is run entirely by volunteers.
History
The Festival began its life in 1975 as the Whare Flat Folk Camp, a small gathering of local musicians meeting to play music together over a weekend. Thereafter it expanded rapidly; in 1989, for the only time in its history, it was not held at Waiora as organisers relocated to Orokonui north of Dunedin in an attempt to stem the growth of the event, which was creating security risks at the regular New Year's Eve cèilidh dance.
Since the 1990s the Festival has grown steadily, with attendance numbers near 700 in 2017 and approaching 1000 in 2020. In addition to local performers such as Nadia Reid, the Festival has featured international guests as varied as Eric Bogle, Patsy Seddon, and Women in Docs.
In January 2000, the fords providing access to Waiora Scout Camp were flooded by heavy rain, trapping festival-goers within the site for an extra day. The same happened again in January 2021; all those trapped were safely evacuated.
The 2021–2022 Festival has been cancelled due to uncertainty regarding the status of COVID-19 by the end of December.
References
External links
Whare Flat Folk Festival official website
KiwiFolk: Folk and acoustic music in New Zealand
Folk festivals in New Zealand
Music festivals established in 1975
Summer events in New Zealand
Tourist attractions in Dunedin
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Terhulpen, or La Hulpe. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
La Hulpe
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
La Hulpe
La Hulpe
Brendan Jones may refer to:
Brendan Jones (golfer) (born 1975), Australian golfer
Brendan Jones (radio personality) (born 1968), Australian radio presenter
See also
Brenden Jones (born 1974), American politician
Brandon Jones (disambiguation)
Antix Productions is a television production company founded by Yvette Fielding and Karl Beattie in 2001. The company have produced shows for broadcasters such as Living and ITV in the UK and Travel Channel in the United States. Their output includes successful shows such as Most Haunted and its various sister shows such as Most Haunted Live!.
Originally, Antix Productions was based in Cheadle in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, Greater Manchester, but relocated to an office within MediaCityUK in Salford, Greater Manchester in 2011.
Productions
Most Haunted
Most Haunted
Most Haunted Live!
Most Haunted Extra
Most Haunted: Recurring Nightmares
Other
Ghosthunting with...
The Ride
Pop Talk
Celebrity Daredevils
Celebrity Ghost Stories UK
Death in Venice
Living with Yvette and Karl
Spook School
The Enfield Poltergeist
Ghosthunters
The Paranormal Channel
In 2008, Antix Productions launched The Paranormal Channel. The channel (launched 9 June 2008) broadcast a mix of programmes on the paranormal including documentaries, films and dramas. The channel was subsequently renamed the Unexplained Channel. However, in April 2010, the Unexplained Channel ceased broadcasting, with its EPG slot on Sky Digital being purchased by Information TV.
References
Mass media companies established in 2001
Television production companies of the United Kingdom
Mass media in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport
Gardening Australia is an Australian lifestyle television program which suggests and promotes organic and environmentally friendly ways of gardening. It is created by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and airs on ABC TV, in an hour-long weekly show each Friday evening.
A monthly magazine, Gardening Australia, was spawned by the show.
History
The series has its origins in 1969 as It's Growing, with five minute segments broadcast ahead of the Sunday night news on ABT2 in Hobart. It was hosted by Peter Cundall, an experienced gardener with a passion for growing plants using organic methods. They had hosted a gardening talkback segment on ABC radio in Hobart since 1967. It was renamed Landscape in 1972 and extended to 15 minutes per episode.
The format was adapted into Gardening Australia in 1990, broadcast nationally with the format expanded to 30 minutes per episode. It was still hosted by Cundall with other gardening experts from around Australia. Stephen Ryan succeeded Cundall in 2009. After three years as host, Ryan's contract was not renewed by ABC. Costa Georgiadis was announced as the new host in December 2011 for the 2012 series.
Presenters
In addition to the host, each episode contains segments which are recorded across Australia with local presenters.
Current presenters
the presenters are:
Josh Byrne (WA)
Tino Carnevale (TAS)
Jerry Coleby-Williams (QLD)
Jane Edmanson (VIC)
Millie Ross (VIC)
Sophie Thomson (SA)
Clarence Slockee (NSW)
Past presenters
Guest presenters
Segments
Cundall had a segment called Pete's Mailbag where viewers could ask questions or send in photographs or letters about their own gardens.
The show has several segments, which include all forms of gardening, from sculptural and artistic gardens to vegetable growing and xeriscaping. Most segments are filmed on location.
The program has an Ask It/Solve It section where people can submit their garden questions/problems to be answered by the presenters.
The 6 Bed Rotation Vegetable Crop (formally Pete's Patch) at the Royal Tasmanian Botanical Gardens is still in the show, now called 'The Vegie Patch' with Tino Carnevale presenting.
The Vegie Guide is a new feature which suggests a range of vegetables that can be planted each month, in the broad climate zones around Australia.
Magazine
Gardening Australia is a monthly magazine published by the ABC and marketed by ABC Commercial, featuring articles by presenters on the show.
See also
List of longest-running Australian television series
List of programs broadcast by ABC Television
List of Australian television series
References
External links
Official website
Australian non-fiction television series
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
1990 Australian television series debuts
Gardening television
Television shows set in Melbourne
Little Mountain is a suburb of Caloundra in the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Little Mountain had a population of 10,212 people.
Geography
Little Mountain is by road north-west of Caloundra CBD.
History
In the , Little Mountain had a population of 10,212 people.
Amenities
The Sunshine Coast Regional Council operates a mobile library service which visits Karawatha Drive near the shopping centre.
Education
There are no schools in Little Mountain. The nearest government primary schools are Meridan State College in neighbouring Meridan Plains to the north, Baringa State Primary School in neighbouring Baringa to the south, and Golden Beach State School in Golden Beach to the south-east. The nearest government secondary schools are Median State College and Caloundra State High School in Caloundra CBD.
References
Suburbs of the Sunshine Coast Region
Caloundra
The 2008 Australian Grand Prix (officially known as the 2008 Formula 1 ING Australian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 16 March 2008 at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit, Melbourne, Australia. It was the first race of the 2008 Formula One season. In qualifying for the event, Lewis Hamilton for the McLaren team started from pole position ahead of Robert Kubica in the BMW Sauber by 0.15 seconds.
The 58-lap race featured three safety car interruptions due to collisions on lap 1, 26, and 42. A high rate of attrition meant that only 7 cars of the 22 participants finished the race, with six being after sixth place Rubens Barrichello was disqualified for exiting the illegally. Of the six, Hamilton lead most of the race and finished first ahead of Nick Heidfeld in second in a BMW Sauber and Nico Rosberg in third in a Williams. This was Rosberg's first . In winning the race, Hamilton and McLaren led the Drivers' Championship and Constructors Championship, respectively.
This event also marked the first race in seven years, since the 2001 San Marino Grand Prix, not to feature cars competing using traction control, which was banned by the FIA at the end of .
Background
The Grand Prix was contested on 16 March 2008 at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit, Melbourne, Australia by 22 drivers, in 11 teams of two. The competing teams, known as constructors, were Ferrari, McLaren-Mercedes, Renault, Honda, Force India, BMW Sauber, Toyota, Red Bull Racing, Williams, Toro Rosso and Super Aguri.
The race was the first of the 2008 Formula One season, with several teams opting to retain the same drivers as they had in , however some teams changed for 2008. One of the main driver changes involved McLaren driver Fernando Alonso, who chose to move back to Renault for the 2008 season, with Heikki Kovalainen moving in the opposite direction to McLaren. The 2007 Drivers' Championship winner Kimi Räikkönen stayed at Ferrari after their title-winning campaign, with the Finnish driver again being joined by Felipe Massa. As in the previous season, the same 11 teams took to the grid for the start of the new season.
The final mass session before the new season took place at the Circuit de Catalunya in Montmeló, Spain between 25 and 27 February 2008. All the teams, with the exception of Super Aguri attended this three-day test which was affected by rain on the first day. On the first day of testing, Lewis Hamilton representing McLaren set the fastest a 1:22.276. Second was the Ferraris of Räikkönen and seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher. Hamilton continued to top the timesheets on day two with Kovalainen second. Räikkönen was third with a time of 1:21.722, having been joined at the track by their teammate Felipe Massa. Massa's best lap of 1:22.513 only made them fifth fastest, with Kazuki Nakajima in a Williams splitting the Ferraris in fourth. On the third and final day, the Toyota of Jarno Trulli finished in first place with the fastest lap of the testing weekend, recording a lap time of 1:20.801. Second was the Red Bull driver David Coulthard who missed the previous two days running due to requiring treatment on a trapped nerve.
Practice and qualifying
Three sessions were held before the race. The first was held on Friday morning and the second on Friday afternoon - both of these sessions lasted 1 hour and 30 minutes with weather conditions dry throughout. The third session was held on Saturday morning and lasted an hour. Räikkönen, the defending champion, set the fastest time in first practice, posting a lap time of 1:26.461, four-tenths of a second quicker than Hamilton and Massa, in second and third places respectively. Heikki Kovalainen completed the top four in the McLaren, with Mark Webber in the Red Bull and Alonso in the Renault in fifth and sixth positions, two seconds off the pace. Rookie Nelson Piquet Jr. caused a brief in the session, spinning off at the Ascari corner.
Hamilton lapped faster than Räikkönen in the second practice session with a time of 1:26.559. Webber was second in the Red Bull, nine-tenths of a second behind Hamilton. Coulthard, Webber's teammate, was fifth, three-tenths behind Kovalainen, who finished the session fourth. The Ferraris were third and sixth; Massa in 3rd and Kimi Räikkönen in sixth. Jarno Trulli in the Toyota and Nico Rosberg in the Williams completed the top eight positions. In preparation for the qualifying session, many teams put their cars on soft tyres for the third practice session. The soft tyre gives better performance than the harder type of tyre but is less durable than the harder compound. The BMW Sauber team topped the third practice session with first and second positions with Robert Kubica finishing the session ahead of teammate Nick Heidfeld. Alonso was third in the Renault, with Rosberg in fourth.
Qualifying for the race was split into three stages. The first stage of qualifying ran for 20 minutes with cars finishing in the last six positions not progressing to the next stage and retaining their position for the race. The second stage saw the next six slowest drivers not progress similarly and lasted for 15 minutes. The final stage of qualifying determined the positions from first to tenth with the fastest racer gaining pole position.
Hamilton won their seventh career pole position, with a time of 1:26.714 in the third session. Second was Kubica, who was a tenth of a second behind Hamilton. Kovalainen was third, with Massa fourth, four-tenths slower than Hamilton in the third stage. Heidfeld, Trulli, Rosberg and Coulthard completed the top eight positions. In contrast to Massa's fourth place, their teammate, Räikkönen finished qualifying in 16th place. Their Ferrari car suffered a fuel pump problem at the end of stage one, with the Ferrari team unable to fix the problem before the second session. Webber in the Red Bull and Sebastian Vettel in the Toro Rosso also suffered problems, with Webber spinning off in session two due to brake failure, leaving them down in 15th. Vettel was scheduled to be in the third session, but their Toro Rosso suffered oil pump failure, preventing them from setting a time in the session. Timo Glock in a Toyota finished qualifying in ninth position, however, they were demoted to 19th after being given two five-place grid penalties. Their first five-place penalty was a result of a gearbox change, while their second five-place penalty was for impeding Webber during the session. Adrian Sutil spun and stalled during their final in first qualifying and damaged their chassis.
Qualifying classification
– Timo Glock was demoted to 19th place due to two five-place grid penalties, for a gearbox change and for impeding Webber during qualifying.
– Sebastian Vettel suffered an oil pump problem and did not take part in Q3.
– Mark Webber suffered a right front brake failure and was unable to continue with the session after spinning into the gravel.
– Kimi Räikkönen suffered a fuel pressure problem in Q1 and was barred from the rest of session for stopping on-track.
– Adrian Sutil started the race from the pitlane after they were forced to change chassis after severe damage during qualifying.
Race
The conditions for the race were dry with the air temperature . The race started at 15:30 AEDT (GMT +10). Hamilton, from pole position on the , held onto the lead into the first corner with Kubica behind in second position. Vettel on the grid and therefore pulled away very slowly, and lost several positions in the process. Behind the leading two, Massa spun coming out of turn one whilst racing Kovalainen, and damaged their front wing against the barriers. Nelson Piquet Jr. made contact with Giancarlo Fisichella at the first corner forcing Fisichella to retire from the race. At turn three Mark Webber, Anthony Davidson, Jenson Button and Sebastian Vettel made contact and all had to retire. Following the collision, Kazuki Nakajima drove into Vettel as they spun and lost their front wing and had to pit in for a new one. A safety car was deployed in response to the accidents.
By the end of the first lap, Lewis Hamilton retained their lead followed by Kubica and Rosberg. Kimi Räikkönen elevated themselves from fifteenth to eighth on the first lap. After the safety car was left the race on lap three, Räikkönen was stuck behind Rubens Barrichello, finally passing them lap 19 for sixth place. During the first set of pit stops Toyota driver Jarno Trulli was forced to retire due to electrical problems. On lap 26, Massa attempted to pass David Coulthard with the two colliding forcing Coulthard to retire, and later Massa retire with an engine failure three laps later. Both Massa and Coulthard suggested the collision was the others fault. This led to a second safety car being deployed. With other cars pitting, Räikkönen decided to stay out to move up the order.
The race restarted without a safety car on lap 30 and Räikkönen made an ambitious move on Heikki Kovalainen on turn 3, but went into the and lost several places. Two laps later they spun the car again whilst attempting to pass Timo Glock into the same corner. Timo Glock ran wide onto the grass on lap 42 and the bottom of their car hit two substantial bumps, the second of which caused it to briefly fly up in the air and land with force sufficient to break the Suspension. Glock spun twice and came to rest against the wall further down the track. They were forced to retire and the safety car came out for a third time. On the same lap, due to a false signal from the chief mechanic, Barrichello left a pit stop before the fuel hose had been removed from their car. Several mechanics suffered minor injuries. They would also serve a ten-second penalty for this pit stop as it was taken while the pit lane was closed. They were later disqualified for the infringement.
The race restarted on lap 47 and one lap later Kubica was forced out of the race after a collision with Kazuki Nakajima. Fernando Alonso was able to move up the field as a result of the high number of retirements and overtaking of Kovalainen and Räikkönen in a single move and was fifth with eight laps left. Räikkönen retired with Ferrari's second engine failure of the race on lap 54, after driving slowly into the pit lane.
Sébastien Bourdais was competing in their first Formula One race, but it ended on lap 56 after suffering an engine failure from fourth position. At the end of the penultimate lap, Kovalainen passed Alonso coming out of turn 13 to take fourth place, but moments later on the accidentally hit the speed limiter designed for use in the allowing Alonso to regain fourth position.
Seven cars finished the race but Barrichello was later disqualified for passing a red light at the pit lane exit. Lewis Hamilton won the race having led all but 5 laps during pit stops. Nick Heidfeld finished second and Nico Rosberg recorded their first podium in third. Kazuki Nakajima was the final car to finish, but was later given a ten-place grid penalty for the 2008 Malaysian Grand Prix, the next race, after making contact with Kubica under safety car conditions. Bourdais, in their debut scored two championship points, despite not finishing the race, and classified seventh.
Race classification
– Sébastien Bourdais was classified as 7th and Kimi Räikkönen was classified as 8th, because they completed 90% of the race winner's distance.
– Rubens Barrichello was disqualified from 6th for ignoring a red light at the pit exit.
Post-race
In a post-race press conference, Hamilton commented on the race: "I felt fantastic. I never thought it would have been as physically a breeze as it was. It is great preparation for Malaysia so bring it on, I am really looking forward to it." They also commended the work of their McLaren team on both their scheduled stops on laps 18 and 43 respectively:
Heidfeld picked up their first podium since the 2007 Hungarian Grand Prix and was relieved to have kept Rosberg behind him, believing that their fellow German was fuelled longer than they actually are. They commented that Rosberg "came in earlier than expected on the same lap as myself. What we lost at the start we regained on the pit-stop, so our pit-stop crew, just did a fantastic job to just get me out ahead of [Rosberg]. Then I was lucky on the pit-stops in terms of the safety car." Rosberg was delighted at their first podium finish, and was looking towards the rest of the year for similar results saying "I think we have a solid car to start the season with. I am hoping to have a nice development through the season and I think we can have a good year.
Also after the race, Nakajima received a ten-place grid penalty to be applicated in the following race in Malaysia, having collided with Kubica on lap 48 of the race. As this was the first race of the season, Hamilton led the Drivers' Championship with 10 points, followed by Heidfeld on 8 and Rosberg on 6. Meanwhile in the Constructors' Championship, McLaren picked up 14 points thanks to Hamilton's win and Kovalainen's fifth place, thus giving them a five point lead over Williams – their highest championship position since – who, like McLaren, had both drivers finish in the points, with BMW Sauber in third on 8.
Championship standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
See also
2008 V8 Supercars Manufacturers Challenge
References
External links
Australian Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Australian Grand Prix
Australian Grand Prix
Nudist Colony of the Dead is a 1991 horror comedy musical film written and directed by Mark Pirro (who has also worked under the names Marky Dolittle and Marky Elfman). The film was shot on Super-8 film and produced on a budget of $35,000.
Storyline
"Sunny Buttocks Nudist Colony" is shut down by Judge Rhinehole and their band of religious zealots for offending the local community. The nudists decide to protest by entering into a suicide pact, vowing to return one day to terrorize the people who took over their land. Five years later, a bunch of kids are sent to the ex-nudist colony, which has now been transformed into a religious retreat. True to their promise, the nudist corpses rise from the grave, seek revenge on the zealots who condemned them and sing big production numbers, as the campers begin to experience an attrition problem.
Cast
Deborah Stern as Shelly Mammarosa
Tony Cicchetti as Art Shoe
Rachel Latt as Mrs. Druple
Braddon Mendelson as Peter Trickle
Jim Bruce as Billy McRighteous
Barbara Dow as Mrs. Mammarosa
Heather McPherson as Fanny Wype
Peter Napoles as Juan Tu
Steve Wilcox as Lou Jobee
Juan Tanamera as Gus Unteide
Forrest J. Ackerman as Judge Rhinehole
Dave Robinson as Reverend Ritz
Production
Nudist Colony of the Dead was shot in Sacramento, California.
Reception
Writing in The Zombie Movie Encyclopedia, academic Peter Dendle said, "[T]his amateur summer-camp slasher spoof isn't as wacky as it thinks it is". It was also reviewed by the Cinema Snob, who briefly lost their mind listening to one of this film's songs, titled "Inky Dinky Doo Dah Morning".
References
External links
1991 films
1991 horror films
American comedy horror films
1990s comedy horror films
American zombie films
Zombie comedy films
American films about revenge
American exploitation films
American supernatural horror films
1991 comedy films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
ISO 42500 "Sharing economy - General principles" standard identifies the general principles to be used by all types and sizes of organization in Sharing Economy (e.g. commercial enterprises, government agencies, not-for-profit organizations).
The organizations that choose to use ISO 42500 as a reference for general principles, can help improve information and transparency towards their customers.
ISO 42500 was published for the first time in November 2021 by the Committee ISO/TC 324.
Main requirements of the standard
ISO 42500: 2021 is structured according to the following chapters:
1 Scope
2 Normative references
3 Terms and definitions
4 Guiding principles
4.1 General
4.2 Integrity
4.3 Transparency
4.4 Accountability and authorization
4.5 Accessibility and inclusion
4.6 Respect for other affected interests
4.7 Competence
Annex A Figure representing the sharing economy
Bibliography
History
See also
Quality management system
List of ISO standards
Conformity assessment
International Organization for Standardization
References
ISO standards
Anathallis montipelladensis is a species of orchid from Brazil first described by Frederico Carlos Hoehne in 1929. Pleurothalis montipelladensis and Specklinia montipelladensis are synonyms.
References
montipelladensis
Endemic orchids of Brazil
Plants described in 1929
Mwandi is a constituency of the National Assembly of Zambia. It covers Mwandi District in Western Province.
List of MPs
References
Constituencies of the National Assembly of Zambia
1991 establishments in Zambia
Constituencies established in 1991
Shamsabad (, also Romanized as Shamsābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 53 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Bishop Atanazy, (secular birth name Mirosław Nos; born 27 November 1968 in Stara Łuplanka) is the Bishop of Łódź and Poznań.
Biography
 They are a graduate from the agricultural technical school in Michałowo. Then they studied at the Orthodox Theological Seminary in Warsaw. In 1991 they were sent to study theology at the Institute of St. Tikhon Zadonski at the monastery of the same name in South Canaan, graduating in 1995 with a master's degree.
In 1996 they joined the monastery of St. Onuphrius in Jabłeczna. In the same year they were ordinated deacon. A few months later, in August 1996, they were haircut as a monk, taking the religious name of Atanazy (Athanasius) in honor of the holy monk, marty Atanazy Brzeski. On 1 September 1996, Abel (Popławski), the bishop of Lublin and Chełm, ordained them a hieromonk.
Between 1997 and 1999 they stayed in Athens, on a scholarship. After their return, on 4 May 1999, they were appointed the confessor and dean of the monastic community in Jabłeczna. On 15 January 2007, they became its governor and pastor of the monastery parish.
On 24 August 2017, the Holy Council of Bishops of the Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church elected them the Bishop of the Łódź-Poznań diocese. Chirotonia took place on 24 September 2017 in the Metropolitan Council of St. Mary Magdalene in Warsaw under the leadership of the Metropolitan of Warsaw and all of Poland Sawa.
References
1968 births
Living people
People from Białystok County
Bishops of the Polish Orthodox Church
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Poland
Edward Stephens (19 October 1811 – 4 December 1861) was one of the earliest settlers in the Colony of South Australia. They became a business person in Adelaide, and was one of the founders of Methodism in South Australia.
Life
Stephens was born in London, the tenth child of Rev. John Stephens (1772–1841) who had been president of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference. Their siblings included John (1806–1850) and Samuel (1808–1840).
They were a clerk and assistant cashier in the Hull Banking Company from 1833 until 1836, when they were appointed cashier and accountant of the South Australian Company. They sailed for South Australia on HMS Coromandel and on 17 January 1837 arrived at Holdfast Bay where they set up business in a tent. They bought eight acres in the new city of Adelaide.
In 1840 when the company's business was divided, Stephens became the Adelaide manager of the South Australian Banking Company, whose local board consisted of George Morphett, R. F. Newland and E. I. S. Trimmer. They were also a nominated member of the Legislative Council and was appointed a justice of the peace.
They were one of the founders of Methodism in Adelaide.
They were chairperson of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society from 1847 to 1848.
They returned to London in 1855, where they continued to work in the interests of South Australia.
They died at Howard Lodge, Maida Vale, and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery.
References
English emigrants to colonial Australia
19th-century Australian judges
Settlers of South Australia
1811 births
1861 deaths
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
19th-century Australian politicians
Colony of South Australia judges
Slavko Pregl, full name Vekoslav Pregl, (born 9 September 1945) is a Slovene writer, editor and publisher best known for their youth literature.  They are the current director of the Slovenian Book Agency.
Pregl was born in Ljubljana in 1945. They studied at the Faculty of Economics of the University of Ljubljana and obtained their degree in 1972. From 1969 to 1991 they worked at the Mladinska Knjiga publishing house and then for a while headed their own publishing company EWO. They served as president of the Slovene Writers' Association from 2007 to 2009 and was made the director of the newly created, government funded, Slovenian Book Agency in 2009 and headed the agency until their retirement in August 2012.
Published works
Nova zgodovina, (1972)
Odprava zelenega zmaja, (1976)
Priročnik za klatenje, (1977)
Basni, (1978)
Geniji v kratkih hlačah, (1978)
Papiga v šoli, (1978)
Denar, (1979)
Umazana zgodba, (1981)
Juha Cviluha, (1981)
Strašna bratranca, (1981)
Zgode na dvoru kralja Janeza, (1981)
Zdravilo za poredneže, (1982)
Bojni zapiski mestnega mulca, (1982)
Smejalnik in cvililna zavora, (1984)
Geniji v dolgih hlačah, (1985)
Zgodba o knjigi, (1986)
Zgodovina o knjigi za, (1986)
Smrka in njegovi, (1987)
Umazana zgodba, (1988)
Olimpiada v živalskem vrtu, (1990)
Če bi ali če ne bi, (1993)
Počesane muhe, (1993)
Papiga že spet v šoli, (2001)
S knjigo po svetu, (2003)
Srebro iz modre špilje, (2003)
Zvezda s čepico, (2003)
Male oblačne zgodbe, (2004)
Zadnja želja, (2004)
Usodni telefon, (2004)
Spričevalo, (2005)
Ujeti ribič, (2005)
Dva majhna velika ribiča, (2006)
Med delom in denarjem, (2008)
Petelin na gnoju:basni, (2008)
Car brez zaklada, (2009)
Geniji brez hlač, (2009)
Lutke iz sedmega nadstropja, (2009)
Sladke denarnice in druge basni, (2009)
Čudni časi : basni, (2011)
References
Writers from Ljubljana
Living people
1945 births
Slovenian editors
Presidents of the Slovene Writers' Association
University of Ljubljana alumni
Herbert Israel Margolis (September 1, 1900 – February 11, 1984) was an American orthodontist who was known for their contributions towards field of Orthodontics. They were the President of American Academy of Dental Science and contributed in developing what is known as Margolis Cephalostat which is used in orthodontic diagnosis. They also developed the ACCO appliance.
Life
Margolis was born in the Russian Empire in 1900. After the early death of their father who was an attorney, they moved with their mother to Boston, United States in 1904. They graduated from Harvard School of Dental Medicine in 1921 and joined the Grenfell Mission to Labrador the following year. After that they studied with Martin Dewey for next 18 months. They then returned to Boston and joined the faculty of Harvard Dental School in addition to establishing their private practice in the city also.
They died at the age of 83 in 1984 in New York City. Margolis was married to Annette Markwett and had a daughter, Eleanor Holman and a son, James Margolis.
Career
While their stay in Boston, Margolis started working with Ernest Hooton, a noted anthropologist, on the cephalometric investigations looking at anatomy and evolution of the face. In 1944, Margolis became the Head of the Department of Orthodontics at Tufts University School of Dental Medicine . They were the chair until 1960 after which they became the Chair of the Orthodontics Department at Henry M. Goldman School of Dental Medicine . During their career, they worked extensively on cephalometric radiographic analysis.
They established Tufts University Cleft Palate Institute and served its director from 1953 to 1960. They also served as a consultant for Department of Mental Health and Department of Public Welfare for the city of Boston after retiring from their private practice in 1967.
Cephalometric analysis
They developed a maxillofacial triangle for analysis of cephalometric radiograph, where they selected spheno-occipital synchondrosis as a midcranial landmark due to it being last suture to fuse in the skull. They were one of the first to point out the relationship between the lower incisors and the mandibular plane angle, a concept which was later adopted by Dr Charles H. Tweed. Although they were first to say that, in orthodontics not every case has to be finished at angle of 90 degrees between lower incisors and mandibular plane angle.
They also developed the fixed cassette distance which standardized magnification and serial superimposition.
Positions and awards
Albert H. Ketcham Award
Tweed Foundation, President
Massachusetts Dental Society, President
American Academy of Dental Science, President
Alpha Omega Dental Fraternity, President
See also
ACCO appliance
List of Orthodontic Functional Appliances
References
American orthodontists
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
1900 births
1984 deaths
Harvard School of Dental Medicine alumni
20th-century dentists
Tessa Mary Isabel Balfour, Countess of Balfour (née Fitzalan-Howard; born 30 September 1950), is a British aristocrat.
Biography
Balfour was born on 30 September 1950 to Miles Fitzalan-Howard and their wife, the former Anne Constable-Maxwell. In 1971, their father inherited the title of Baron Beaumont from their mother, and the next year inherited the title of Baron Howard of Glossop from their father. This entitled them and their younger siblings to the style "The Honourable". In 1975, their father further inherited the Dukedom of Norfolk from their second cousin once removed, the 16th Duke of Norfolk.
On 14 July 1971, Balfour married Roderick Balfour. They have four children:
Lady Willa Anne Balfour (born 1973); married George William Franks in 1997.
Arthur Anthony Franks (born 1999)
Violet Miriam Franks (born 2000)
Esmé Alice Franks (born 2004)
Lady Kinvara Clare Rachel Balfour (born 1975); married to Count Riccardo Lanza from 2009 to 2011.
Marlowe Balfour Shahani (born 2018)
Lady Maria Alice Jubilee Balfour (born 1977); married Charles Wigan in 2006.
Aliena Mirabelle Wigan (born 2009)
Caius Christian Wigan (born 2013)
Lady Candida Rose Balfour (born 1984)
On 27 June 2003, Balfour's husband succeeded their second cousin once removed Gerald as the Earl of Balfour. They thus became Countess of Balfour and Viscountess Traprain.
References
1950 births
Living people
British countesses
Daughters of British dukes
Up in Mabel's Room is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by E. Mason Hopper and starring Marie Prevost and Harrison Ford. It is based on the 1919 play of the same name by Wilson Collison and Otto Harbach.
The film was remade in 1944 starring Marjorie Reynolds, Dennis O'Keefe and Gail Patrick.
Cast
Marie Prevost as Mabel Ainsworth
Harrison Ford as Garry Ainsworth
Phyllis Haver as Sylvia Wells
Harry Myers as Jimmy Larchmont
Sylvia Breamer as Alicia
Carl Gerard as Arthur Walters
Arthur Hoyt as Simpson
William Orlamond as Hawkins
Paul Nicholson as Leonard Mason
Maude Truax as Henrietta
Preservation status
A print of Up in Mabel's Room is held by the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA).
References
External links
1926 films
1926 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Films directed by E. Mason Hopper
Producers Distributing Corporation films
1920s American films
The Juno Award for Underground Dance Single of the Year is an annual Canadian music award, presented by the Juno Awards to honour songs in underground dance music genres. Announced at the Juno Awards of 2021, it was presented for the first time at the Juno Awards of 2022.
The award was created as a split from the existing Juno Award for Dance Recording of the Year, due to the fact that the existing award is often dominated by commercial dance pop singles while leaving more underground and experimental dance music, such as music created by Black Canadian, First Nations or LGBTQ artists, underrepresented.
Qualifying recordings may feature “slow builds, hypnotic and repetitive arrangements that may include vocals, often extended in length, all developed for maximum utility on the dance floor by club DJs."
Winners and nominees
References
Underground Dance
IMX (Interactive Music Exchange) was an American music television program which aired daily from 2002-2004 on MMUSA (renamed Fuse TV in May 2003). Described as a "fully converged music industry simulation game" and "part TV show, part Internet game," the program asked viewers to register at the network's website and buy "stock" in popular artists, songs, and albums. In dealing the "shares", traders used the fake cash to enter network-sponsored contests. A rebranded successor, "Daily Download", was terminated in July 2006.
Format
IMX was in development for nearly a year prior to its January 2003 debut. In a 2002 press release, network president Marc Juris discussed the inspiration behind the program:
"MuchMusic USA's mission is to provide its viewers with a real voice. What better way for a viewer's voice to be heard than by investing in an artist they or they love? Our success and growth over the last year has occurred because we recognize that viewers want ownership and control of what they listen to and watch. We have developed technology that empowers our audience to create their own videos, select our video rotation, and even to host the shows we broadcast. Both the IMX program and game is the next step in this endeavor, by encompassing the technological advances of the web, the popularity of online games, and the potential of live television."
IMX featured three VJ hosts, each representing different music genres, as well as a guest from the music industry. It debuted on January 20, 2003 at 6pm EST and would air live Monday through Friday with various encores throughout the week. The IMX studio, located in Penn Plaza, was street level and therefore fans that couldn't get tickets were able to view from outside and would be visible through the window during filming.
In attempt to "extol the fun of the stock market," players would sign up online and be given a set amount of "IMX dollars" in order to buy stocks in artists, albums, videos, and TV offerings, which could be traded and sold short or for profit online. With such profits, players could win prizes like video game consoles, vacations, surfboards, or lithographs, all brought to them by Virgin Records. Stock values would be influenced largely by Billboard charts, concert sales, and other measures of commercial success.
Fixed to the bottom of the screen would be a market style ticker, updating viewers on how each artist, album, or song fared during the day's trading. Users could voice their opinions on the online bulletin boards, and their messages would frequently be shown live on air. Through the website, they would also be provided with music video previews, music downloads, and a wide range of market research tools for the individual portfolios of game participants, including airplay stats and sales charts. The one-hour program would help recap the day's trading, the value of each featured artist and song, and speculate on the future of the market.
IMX utilized the interactive investment technology of Hollywood Stock Exchange to allow web users to invest in real time. Marc Juris elaborated on the technological potential of the innovative format:
"IMX is like fantasy football, but with rock stars. The applications it can embrace are infinitely broad - from broadband and the digital set-top box to wireless devices and e-commerce. It's a new kind of entertainment experience that will captivate our tech-centric young viewers, and also cable operators who are eager to drive the demand for digital set-top boxes and high-speed services."
Hosts and guests
The show was hosted by Juliya Chernetsky of Uranium; Marianela Pereyra, who previously hosted Latin television's MHz HOT; and Steven Smith, formerly a VH1 personality. Dennis Da Menace (a.k.a. Dennis L.A. White) also frequently took up hosting duties in one's absence, usually Juliya's. Each host reflected different musical tastes with Juliya representing heavy metal, Marianela representing R&B, Steven representing indie/alternative rock, and Dennis representing hip hop. This allowed for frequent debate and friendly argument amongst the differing hosts. It was also during IMX that Juliya was confronted by their fellow hosts about false rumors that they might jump ship to MTV2 to host its revived Headbangers Ball.
Joining the diverse trio each day would be a variety of music industry insiders, ranging from current popular musicians to record company executives to music journalists. The program would also feature live in-studio performances following an interview with the given band. One particularly memorable episode saw Amy Lee and Ben Moody of Evanescence perform an acoustic rendition of "Going Under". Partly through the song, a string broke on Moody's guitar and caused the song to end prematurely.
Daily Download
In June 2004, IMX was rebranded Daily Download with an altered format. This series took place in the same studio and maintained the same schedule with Marianela, Steven, and Dylan Lane as hosts; however, the stock exchange aspect of IMX was removed in favor of a simpler interactive format. Daily Download served as a "live countdown show for the next generation," featuring the 10 most-downloaded songs in the country. It also offered free downloads of each song provided by f.y.e. as well as game cheats and movie trailers. The videos aired would include "Fuse Clues" that related to online puzzles of music and pop culture at the network's website, fuse.tv. Using a mobile phone or the Web, fans could solve the puzzles and be eligible to win prizes. Viewers also had the opportunity to talk to guest musicians appearing on the program.
Daily Download ran for about two years before ending in late July 2006. Marianela appeared on Get Malled Tour before ultimately leaving Fuse TV that year, and Dylan became the new host of GSN's Chain Reaction on August 1. Steven, however, would remain with Fuse TV and host other programs including Steven's Untitled Rock Show.
References
Fuse (TV channel) original programming
2000s American music television series
2003 American television series debuts
2004 American television series endings
Interactive television
Prediction markets
Browser-based multiplayer online games
Multiplayer online games
Corrado Mantoni (2 August 1924 – 8 June 1999), known simply as Corrado, was an Italian radio and television host.
Biography
They were born in Rome, where they followed classic studies and in jurisprudence; before finishing university studies they started to work as radio speaker with EIAR, predecessor of RAI, Italian State Television. They were the first to announce to the Italian public events such as the end of World War II, the birth of the Italian Republic or the death of Trilussa. They also worked as dubber for foreign actors including Jerry Lewis.
In 1949, they were chosen by RAI as their first TV host for the Italian first experimental TV broadcasting. In the 1950s they were the foremost radio host in the country, and also took part in numerous movies as himself.
Corrado began to work for TV in the 1960s as the host of popular shows such as Canzonissima, Miss Italia, the Sanremo Festival (1974) and Domenica In, which they inaugurated in 1976. Another show for which they were the first host was Fantastico. They also worked for the TSI, the Italian-speaking Swiss television. In 1978, together with their collaborator Dora Moroni, had a car accident which obliged them to have several operations.
In 1982 Corrado moved to the private-owner Silvio Berlusconi's network. Their shows included Il pranzo è servito and, perhaps their most popular, La corrida, in which they presented amateurs.
They were also a singer, mainly of children songs. Their 1981 song "Carletto" topped the Italian hit parade for 11 weeks.
Corrado was author nearly of all their shows with the pseudonym of Corima, often in collaboration with their brother Riccardo. They died of lung cancer in Rome in 1999.
References
1924 births
1999 deaths
Male actors from Rome
Italian television presenters
Deaths from lung cancer in Lazio
Italian radio presenters
Italian radio personalities
20th-century Italian male actors
Burials at the Cimitero Flaminio
Maryland A Million Oaks was an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually from 1986 thru 2012 primarily at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland or at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore. To be eligible for the Maryland A Million Oaks, a horse had to be sired by a stallion who stands in Maryland. Due to that restriction the race is classified as a non-graded or "listed" stakes race and is not eligible for grading by the American Graded Stakes Committee.
The race was part of Maryland A Million Day, a 12-race program held in mid October that was the creation of renowned television sports journalist Jim McKay. The "Maryland A Million" is the first State-Bred showcase for Thoroughbreds. Since 1986, 27 other events in 20 states have imitated the showcase and its structure.
The race was run at miles in 1991, 1992, 2001, 2002 and 2004. It was run as the Omni International Maryland Oaks in 1986 and 1987. From 1990 through 1993 the race was called the Challedon Society Maryland Oaks. It was called the Baltimore Magazine Maryland Oaks between 1995 and 1998. The metropolitan newspaper sponsored the race from 1999 through 2002 and it was called the Baltimore Sun Maryland Oaks. In 2004 the race was called the Cosequin Maryland Oaks and in 2007 the race was called the Maryland Lottery Oaks.
In its 24th running in 2009, the race was restricted to those horses who were sired by a stallion who stands in the state of Maryland. Both the entrant horse and their stallion had to be nominated to the Maryland A Million program.
Records
Speed record:
1 mile (8 furlongs) : 1:36.40 - Love That Dance (2009)
miles (9 furlongs) : 1:43.80 - Silmaril (2004)
Most wins by a jockey:
3 - Edgar S. Prado (1993, 1996, 1998)
Most wins by a trainer:
3 - Anthony W. Dutrow (1999, 2002, 2006)
Most wins by an owner:
1 - 25 different owners tied with one
Winners
See also
Maryland A Million Oaks top three finishers
Maryland A Million Day
Laurel Park Racecourse
References
Maryland Thoroughbred official website
Discontinued horse races
Horse races in Maryland
Laurel Park Racecourse
Recurring sporting events established in 1986
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2013
Panegyra sokokana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Kenya.
The wingspan is about . The costal area and termen of the forewings are yellow, the former more orange along the edge with a few blackish dots. The remaining surface is grey with six transverse red lines. The hindwings are brownish grey with darker scaling on the veins.
Etymology
The species name refers to the type locality.
References
Endemic moths of Kenya
Moths of Africa
Tortricini
Moths described in 2012
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Glamorgan flag () is the flag of the county of Glamorgan. It was registered with the Flag Institute on 24 September 2013.
Design
The flag is a banner of the arms of Iestyn ap Gwrgant, the last ruler of the Kingdom of Morgannwg, the predecessor of the county of Glamorgan. The design of three silver chevrons on a red field features in the coats of arms of many of the councils in the area, including those of the Vale of Glamorgan and of former Mid, South and West Glamorgan. It also features on the flag of Cardiff where a dragon is holding the banner aloft symbolising Cardiff's status as county town of Glamorgan.
The Pantone colours for the flag are:
Red 186
White
References
External links
[ Flag Institute – Glamorgan]
Glamorgan Flag campaign
Glamorgan at Flags of the World
2013 establishments in Wales
Glamorgan
Glamorgan
Glamorgan
Glamorgan
Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters is a six-issue comic book limited series by Marvel's imprint Icon Comics. It was based on some of Jack Kirby's unpublished ideas.
The series follows the story of Jack Berkley, a former interstellar bounty hunter who must reassemble their former team for one last mission, saving their son.
Publication history
The series was based on unused material Jack Kirby had prepared for the series Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers #7. The galactic Bounty Hunters were based on early character designs for the Wonder Warriors and Kirby's daughter Lisa found them in their effects after they died and was persuaded by Michael Thibodeaux to work the ideas into a limited series, although initial ideas were for a film or animated television series.
Issue #3 also featured another Kirby creation, Captain Victory.
Collected editions
The series has been collected into a single volume:
Jack Kirby's Galactic Bounty Hunters (256 pages, hardcover, October 2007, , softcover, July 2008, )
Notes
References
2006 comics debuts
Comics by Jack Kirby
Comics set on fictional planets
Fictional bounty hunters
Icon Comics titles
Meneghinite is a sulfosalt mineral with the chemical formula CuPb13 Sb7S24.
In the orthorhombic crystal system, meneghinite has a Mohs hardness of , one perfect cleavage and a conchoidal fracture. It is a blackish lead-grey in colour and gives a black shining streak. Its lustre is metallic.
Discovered in the Italian Province of Lucca in 1852, it is named after Giuseppe Meneghini (1811–1889) of the University of Pisa, who first observed the species. The Bottino Mine in Lucca is the type locality.
References
Sulfosalt minerals
Lead minerals
Copper(I) minerals
Antimony minerals
Orthorhombic minerals
Minerals in space group 62
Noriko Koiso (née Hamaguchi, 小磯典子、旧姓濱口、born 15 January 1974) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
Japanese women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1994 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
21st-century Japanese women
20th-century Japanese women
The 1905 International Tourist Trophy was an automobile motor race held on 14 September 1905 on closed public roads along the Highroads Course on the Isle of Man. It was organised by the Automobile Club of Great Britain and Ireland, and was the first time that what became known as the RAC Tourist Trophy was awarded. The race lasted over six hours and was won by John Napier, driving an Arrol-Johnston. Percy Northey finished second in a Rolls-Royce, while the Vinot-Deguingand driver Norman Littlejohn was third.
Prior to the Tourist Trophy the Isle of Man had hosted the English trials for the Gordon Bennett Cup as the English government had banned motor racing on its roads. The Automobile Club wanted to run an event to help develop fuel efficiency in motor cars and opted to use the same route as had been used for the trials. In order to make the event relevant to those cars on general sale they imposed rules to prevent specialist race cars from entering, though there were complaints that the rules were too restrictive and detracted from the spectacle.
There were 58 entrants but only 42 of these started the race. Less than half of the cars completed the full and there were more retirements due to mechanical failures and crashes than a lack of fuel. The top three were separated by just over five minutes, while the final finisher took almost three hours longer than Napier. The event was held again in 1906 though the overall distance covered was shortened to around .
Background
At the start of the twentieth century motor racing was banned on English roads, and although the Automobile Club of Great Britain and Ireland (later renamed the Royal Automobile Club) had lobbied the British government to remove speed limits and allow provision for motor racing in England the Motor Car Act 1903 only raised the speed limit to and did not repeal the ban on racing. British cars and drivers had nonetheless been successful during the 1902 Gordon Bennett Cup, and as such the Automobile Club wanted to host the 1903 Gordon Bennett Cup in Britain. After their failure to persuade the government to allow racing in England the 1903 race had been held in Ireland under the provision of the Light Locomotives (Ireland) Act, but this had been a one-off, and the Automobile Club did not manage to get the law extended for further races.
As such, when the Automobile Club wanted to hold trials for the 1904 Gordon Bennett Cup to establish three vehicles to represent England at the race in Germany they approached the Manx legislature, the Tynwald, in early 1904 and proposed to hold the trials on the island. The Highway (Light Locomotives) Bill was rushed through the Tynwald in March 1904 but only allowed racing for three days during that year, specifically for the Gordon Bennett trials to take place. The following year, after further lobbying from the Automobile Club, the bill was renewed as the Highways (Motor Car) Bill, without a fixed term. The bill gave provision for six days of racing to take place; three for the Gordon Bennett trials in the spring, and three for the Tourist Trophy in the autumn.
Course
The course used for the race was the same as had been used for the 1904 and 1905 Gordon Bennett trials, a course featuring over 420 corners which followed much of the modern day Snaefell Mountain Course, known as the Highroads Course (or Highlands). The lap began at Quarterbridge in Douglas and proceeded down the A5 road towards Castletown, then back up the A3 to Ballaugh where it then headed towards Jurby along the A10, but turned onto the A13 towards Ramsey. From Ramsey the course followed the A18, commonly known as the Mountain Road, back to Douglas. The elevation of the Isle of Man was challenging for the cars; the course rose from being barely above sea-level at Douglas to at Brandywell. Many parts of the course were nothing more than rough tracks. In order to minimise disruption to the public two footbridges were built over the roads of the course, one at Kirkmichael and the other at Ramsey.
Cars
The cars were subject to a number of criteria: the chassis had to weigh between , they were required to have a wheelbase of at least , and to carry a load of , including the driver, an optional passenger, and ballast. Additionally, the car had to be able to carry four people, including the driver, and the model of car had to be available for sale for at least a month after the race. Initially, it was decided that each car was only allowed to use of fuel per of the race, but due to the conditions, this was altered to one imperial gallon per . Most of the cars opted to use Continental tyres; just the Maudslays and Napiers used Palmer, the Whites and Swifts used Dunlop, while the Wolseley and Darracq vehicles used Michelin.
The rules were introduced in an attempt to make the cars more representative of the touring cars that members of the public could drive. In many ways they were successful; Charles Rolls' 20 horsepower Rolls-Royce was one of the more powerful of the cars to enter the Tourist Trophy, but in contrast, during the 1905 Gordon Bennett Cup they drove a Wolseley which generated 112 horsepower. However, a number of manufacturers were put off from entering the contest due to the upper weight limit imposed. It was opined in The Graphic that this excluded the "kind of cars that were really wanted", as they suggested that the chassis of "an ordinary four-cylinder touring car, such as is sold to the public" weighed . Although it had been originally suggested that the number of foreign entries should be limited, with no more than two foreign cars for every five British entries, no such restrictions were imposted, but it was decided to give special prizes for cars entirely British-built. While the majority of cars were British, there were also entries from France, including a Vinot-Deguingand and a Peugeot and the United States, including a pair of White steam cars and a Cadillac.
Practice
Of the 58 original entrants to the event, ten pulled out before the entry list was published, generally because they either could not reduce the weight of their car sufficiently to be within the limits, or they could not achieve the required fuel efficiency. The first of the cars to arrive on the Isle of Man was the 16 horsepower Minerva, entered by Charles Rolls, but driven by E. H. Arnott, which arrived more than two weeks before the race. During the weeks before the race the cars were tested around the island's roads, during which Arnott managed the fastest circuit of the course. There were also a number of accidents during the practices; Ernest de Wilton crashed their Swift into a stone wall near Castletown, causing significant damage to the car. Although it was repaired in time there was a miscommunication between de Wilton and the race organisers, and de Wilton did not present the car for inspection in time to be entered into the race. Another of the competitors, A. McCormack in a Gladiator, hit some cows after coming off the road, and caused such damage to the car's brakes that it could not be repaired in time for the race. On the Sunday prior to the race local residents were upset that forty of the cars were driving the course, and meetings were held where they expressed their indignation that it was a "desecration of the sanctity of the Sabbath". Three days prior to the race, the organisers began weighing the cars and filling them with the specified amount of fuel. The Mors car which was to have been driven by Dorothy Levitt never arrived on the island, and so Levitt was unable to take part in the race.
Race report
Due to the limited fuel allowance, the cars were towed to the start line by horses. The first car, a Rolls-Royce being driven by Charles Rolls, started at 9am, and the following 41 cars were released at one minute intervals. Due to the fuel-saving nature of the event most of the drivers began the race by letting their car coast down the initial slope under its own momentum before engaging gear. Early on the first lap of the race Rolls heard a crunching noise from their gear box and the car stopped. They claimed that upon investigation they discovered that small nuts and screws had been dropped into the gearbox, which had smashed a gear. Rolls claimed that this "was a common trick abroad" but voiced surprise at it happening in an English race. There was further speculation of foul play when it was discovered that Arnott's Minerva had been tampered with; two spark plugs had been smashed and an air valve bent, causing their engine to overheat. Before the race Rolls and Arnott had been two of the favourites, and The Automobile magazine said that "this unfortunate incident has greatly detracted from the success of the race."
Early in the race John Downie crashed into a pub in Ballasalla, but the car did not sustain extensive damage and they were able to continue the race. At Keppel Gate on the Mountain Road, Frederick Bennett, who had been unable to take part in the practice sessions and therefore did not know the course very well, approached a corner with too much speed in their Cadillac and crashed, ripping off two of the wheels. Bennett managed to stay in the vehicle and avoided serious injury. Another driver to go off the track was J. Hadley in their Wolseley, who also carried too much speed into a corner, leading them to drive off through a hedge and into a field. The Thornycroft driven by Tom Thornycroft had been following closely behind, and the two cars collided during the incident, damaging one of the Thornycroft's rear wheels. Napier in their Arrol-Johnston made the quickest circuit of the first lap in one hour, 32 minutes and 36 seconds.
During the second lap a number of drivers were forced to retire with broken wheels. Both Darracq drivers, A. Rawlinson and Algernon Lee Guinness, suffered from the issue; Rawlinson broke theirs in Ramsey, while Lee Guinness hit a well at Hilberry. A. J. Dew also broke a wheel, but continued the race in W. H. Warren's car; both being entered by J. W. H. Dew. A fourth driver, in one of the White steam cars, succumbed to the same problem, while A. J. Hancock crashed their Vauxhall into a tree, also breaking a wheel. Napier was once again the quickest driver around the circuit, followed by Percy Northey in a Rolls-Royce, and Norman Littlejohn in the Vinot-Deguingand.
After their earlier crash Downie retired on the third lap with a broken wheel, while Thornycroft, who had also had first lap trouble, was forced to stop with a broken rear axle. Over the final two laps a number of cars ran out of fuel, and of the 42 starters only 18 completed the race. The first car to finish was the Rolls-Royce of Percy Northey. They had started twenty minutes ahead of Napier's Arrol-Johnston so Napier had to finish within twenty minutes of Northey in order to win. They did so, passing the finish line eighteen minutes later, having run the fastest lap of the race at the end to win by just over two minutes. Napier's time was 6 hours 9 minutes 14.6 seconds, followed by Northey in 6:11:23 and Norman Littlejohn in a French Vinot-Deguingand, in 6:14:32.4. The three drivers had been consistently the quickest throughout the race and were separated by just over five minutes. The next quickest driver was E. J. C. Roberts in the second of the Arrol-Johnstons, but they were over 25 minutes behind their victorious team-mate.
Ancillary incidents
Around an hour after the start of the race, three children were struck by car driven by one of the race officials on a side road from Quarter Bridge Road, near the finish line. None sustained serious injuries; two of them had cuts dressed, while the third rushed back to watching the racing. Another, more serious, accident occurred on the Snaefell Mountain Railway, which had been transporting people up the mountain to watch the racing. A tramcar that had been descending the railway had broken down, and a second car had stopped close behind it. A third tram, on rounding the bend above them, was unable to stop in time and collided into the rearmost car, which was then propelled into the car in front of it. Minor injuries were sustained by some of the passengers, though none were serious.
Post-race and legacy
Opinion as to the success of the race was divided in the press; The Automobile magazine declared that "it must be said that it was a success", while The Yorkshire Post went even further, claiming that "the end of the monster racing-car is in sight". They suggested that racing cars were only useful to help develop technology for ordinary cars, and that the cars used in the Gordon Bennett races and similar were no longer relevant. Along with the withdrawal of France and Britain from the Gordon Bennett races, and the amount of support for the Tourist Trophy, they commended the Automobile Club for "[recognising] the changed conditions of affairs." In contrast, Filson Young of The Manchester Guardian was strong in their criticism of the event. They opined that it had been a disappointment, though it had "never many possibilities as a spectacle" due to the fact that the cars only passed each point four times during the day. Though they conceded that the concept of the race had been admirable they felt that the cost of fuel was negligible in the running of a motor car and that other factors, such as general reliability over a thousand or more miles, were more important.
The Tourist Trophy was held on the Isle of Man again in each of the subsequent three years. The race remained four laps, but was run over a shorter course of around . Charles Rolls won the 1906 event, while Napier finished over an hour behind in their Arrol-Johnston. After further races on the Isle of Man in 1914 and 1922, the event moved to Dundonald in Northern Ireland. The "Tourist Trophy" moniker became more closely associated with the Isle of Man TT motorcycle races, which began in 1907 and have continued to run on the Isle of Man ever since.
Classification
References
Bibliography
External links
Grace's Guide
Motorsport in the Isle of Man
Isle of Man Tourist Trophy
Isle of Man Tourist Trophy
RAC Tourist Trophy
RAC
refers to the belief in rocks as Yorishiro containing Kami in ancient Shintoism. It also refers to the rock itself, which is the object of worship.
Overview
Nature worship (spirit worship, animism), which has existed in Japan since ancient times, is a type of base faith. In Shinto rituals, gods descended from shintai, a rock, and made their yorishiro (called himorogi) and divine power the center of the ritual. As time went on and temples, where gods were believed to be always present, became more permanent, the object of worship moved away from the body of the god and toward the shrine itself. In many cases, sacred trees and sacred stones adorned with shimenawa ropes still exist in their precincts.
In addition to rock, other examples of belief in nature include the Chinju no Mori ("Mori" itself refers to the shrine, and the forest is the forest itself), the "island" as an forbidden area, the Munakata Taisha's Okinoshima of Munakata Taisha, belief in "mountains" such as Rokko Himei Shrine and Mount Miwa, belief in "fire", waterfall, and a wide range of weather phenomena such as wind, rain, and lightning. It is a weather phenomenon.
It is said that there is another rock-related object, Iwasaka, which is a ritual site centered on a rock, but there is no actual example of this in comparison to Iwaza. However, in this case, there are no actual examples of such a site. The Nihonshoki (Chronicles of Japan) distinguishes Iwasaka from Iwaza, so it is something different from Iwasaka. In other words, a banjiki is the same as a stone circle, which is an ancient ruin made of stones arranged in a ring, and is a ritual ruin that shows the "divine realm" by artificially assembling boundary stones to form a boundary to preserve it as a sacred and clean place.
Nowadays, trees and forests such as sacred trees and broad-leaved evergreen trees such as sakaki, which are used as Yorishiro in rituals, are called HIMON-belief or HIMON-za, while mountains, stones, and rocks are called BANZA when they are used as Yorishiro.
Some of the megaliths along the Kaido have Buddhism carved on them, and some have Legends attached to them, such as the famous samurai who connected Horses. There is a research group (Iwakura Gakkai) that claims that the belief in rock formations and megaliths, including these, can be traced back to the Jōmon period, and that there are also artificially arranged rock formations, and that their arrangement represents certain figures, directions, or the shape of the Constellation. In contrast to this view, the Iwakura Society points out that it was not until the Kofun period that the Iwakura ritual began. In addition, there is criticism of the theory that megaliths are artifacts.
Gallery
See also
Shrine
Shinto shrine
Kannabi
Kamagoishi
Himorogi
Utaki
Megalith
Fujizuka
Okinoshima
Crystal healing
Cinnabar
References
External links
イワクラ（磐座）学会
Sacred rocks
Animism
Shinto
Shinto religious objects
In the United States Army, a medical brigade (MED BDE) is a unit providing command and control for assigned or attached medical units at Corps level. One MED BDE is typically assigned to one Army Corps and a typical Headquarters and Headquarters Detachment (HHD) for a MED BDE consists of about 65 personnel.
Operations
A MED BDE tasks and organizes its medical assets on the battlefield. It plans Health Service Support (HSS) operations and oversees logistical operations for the group's units. It serves as a radio control net for group units and performs medical regulation between group units. It also coordinates external support for group units.
Components
HHD (Internal Admin/Supply/Maintenance Support)
S-1 (Group Personnel Actions)
S-2/3 (Operations, Planning, NBC, MRO, Security, Intell, Training, TOC Operations)
S-4 (Property Accountability, Group Supply Operations, Medical Resupply, Transportation Support, Maintenance Tracking, ALOC Operations)
S-6 (Group Communications)
CN (Nursing Education, Professional Services)
Chaplain Unit (Ministry Team Operations)
Combat Support Hospital (CSH)
Multifunctional Medical Battalions (MMB) (Replaced Evacuation, Medical Logistics, and Area Medical Support Battalions)
Medical Company Area Support (MCAS)
Medical Logistics Company (MEDLOG CO)
Forward Surgical Teams (FSTs)
Combat Stress Control (COSC) Detachment
Medical Company (Dental Services)
Medical Company (Veterinary Support Services)
Preventive Medicine Detachments
Medical Specialty Teams (orthopedic, neurosurgery, ophthalmology, etc.)
Active Medical Brigades of the U.S. Army
1st Medical Brigade (III Corps)
2nd Medical Brigade (Reserve; 807th Medical Command (Deployment Support) (807th MCDS))
5th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 3rd Medical Command (Deployment Support) (3rd MCDS), inc 75th Combat Support Hospital, Tuscaloosa, AL.)
8th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 3rd MCDS)
30th Medical Brigade (United States Army Europe)
32nd Medical Brigade (United States Army Medical Department Center and School)
44th Medical Brigade (XVIII Airborne Corps)
62nd Medical Brigade (I Corps)
65th Medical Brigade (Eighth Army)
139th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 807th MCDS)
176th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 807th MCDS)
307th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 807th MCDS)
330th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 807th MCDS)
332nd Medical Brigade (Reserve; 3rd MCDS)
338th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 3rd MCDS)
804th Medical Brigade (Reserve; 3rd MCDS, including the 399th and 405th Combat Support Hospitals)
See also
Military medicine
:Category:Medical battalions of the United States Marine Corps
References
Doncaster Borough Police was the police force operating in the county borough of Doncaster, England from 1836 until 1 October 1968. The force was then merged with others to form a West Yorkshire Constabulary. From 1974 its area passed to the South Yorkshire Police.
References
Doncaster
Defunct police forces of England
Korotoumou Dembélé (born 18 February 1986) is a Malian former footballer. They have been a member of the Mali women's national team.
Club career
Dembélé has played for RC Saint-Étienne in France.
International career
Dembélé capped for Mali at senior level during the 2002 African Women's Championship.
References
1986 births
Living people
Malian women's footballers
AS Saint-Étienne (women) players
Mali women's international footballers
Malian expatriate footballers
Malian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate women's footballers in France
21st-century Malian people
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
Gisela of Burgundy (c. 955 – 21 July 1007), a member of the royal Elder House of Welf, was Duchess of Bavaria from about 972 to 976 and again from 985 to 995, by their marriage with Duke Henry the Wrangler. They were the mother of Emperor Henry II.
Life
Gisela was the eldest daughter of King Conrad I of Burgundy (c. 925 – 993), presumably from their first marriage with Adelaide of Bellay. After their mother's death, King Conrad married Matilda, a daughter of the West Frankish king Louis IV; among their half-siblings were Rudolph III, who succeeded their father as King of Arles (Bourgogne Transjurane in French or 'King of Burgundy') and Bertha, who married King Robert II of France in 996.
Gisela's father ruled over the united Kingdom of Burgundy since 937, after they had been able to reject claims raised by King Hugh of Italy. The minor king was brought into safety by Otto I, then King of East Francia, who thereby scuppered Hugo's plans. In 951 Otto married Conrad's sister Saint Adelaide of Burgundy, the widow of Hugo's son King Lothair II of Italy.
About 965 Gisela was betrothed to Otto's nephew Henry the Wrangler, who then ruled as Duke of Bavaria; the couple married some time before 972. Emperor Otto I died in 973 and was succeeded by their son Otto II. The 18-year-old had to cope with the Burgundian relations of their Bavarian cousin, forming a considerable power bloc in the southern domains of their realm.
Gisela's husband revolted immediately, when upon the death of Henry's brother-in-law Duke Burchard III of Swabia in 973, Emperor Otto II skipped their claims and vested their nephew Otto with the Swabian duchy. During several years of bitter fighting, Duke Henry was arrested in the Imperial Palace of Ingelheim, fled, was declared deposed in 976, and again taken in the custody of Bishop Folcmar of Utrecht two years later. Gisela with their young son Henry II sought refuge with Bishop Abraham of Freising; during their husband's imprisonment, they resided in Merseburg.
Henry was not released until the emperor's death in 983. They again tried to snatch the crown from the minor successor Otto III, however, with the intervention by Dowager Empress Theophanu and their predecessor, Gisela's aunt Adelaide of Burgundy, they finally submitted in 985 and regained their Bavarian duchy.
Marriage and children
With Henry, Gisela had three children:
Henry IV of Bavaria (973–1024), succeeded their father as Duke of Bavaria in 995, fulfilled their father's ambitions when they were elected King of the Romans (as Henry II) in 1002 and crowned Holy Roman Emperor in 1014
Bruno (died 1029), Bishop of Augsburg from 1006
Gisela (c.985–1060), married King Stephen I of Hungary.
Henry II was already mentioned as a Bavarian condux in 994. Gisela lived to see their son's accession to the throne in the royal election of 1002. According to the chronicles by Thietmar of Merseburg, they died on 21 July 1007. They were buried in the abbey of Niedermünster, Regensburg. Them daughter Gisela of Hungary donated an opulent burial cross, known as Giselakreuz, which today is part of the collections at the Munich Residenz treasury.
References
10th-century births
1006 deaths
Kingdom of Burgundy
French princesses
Burials at Niedermünster, Regensburg
Elder House of Welf
10th-century French nobility
10th-century French women
10th-century German nobility
10th-century German women
11th-century German nobility
11th-century German women
The Fuller calculator, sometimes called Fuller's cylindrical slide rule, is a cylindrical slide rule with a helical main scale taking 50 turns around the cylinder. This creates an instrument of considerable precision – it is equivalent to a traditional slide rule long. It was invented in 1878 by George Fuller, professor of engineering at Queen's University Belfast, and despite its size and price it remained on the market for nearly a century because it outperformed nearly all other slide rules.
As with other slide rules, the Fuller is limited to calculations based on multiplication and division with additional scales allowing for trigonometical and exponential functions. The mechanical calculators produced in the same era were generally restricted to addition and subtraction with only advanced versions, like the Arithmometer, able to multiply and divide. Even these advanced machines could not perform trigonometry or exponentiation and they were bigger, heavier and much more expensive than the Fuller. In the mid-twentieth century the handheld Curta mechanical calculator became available which also competed in convenience and price. However, for scientific calculations the Fuller remained viable until 1973 when it was made obsolete by the HP-35 handheld scientific electronic calculator.
Design
Model 1, the standard model
In essence, the calculator consists of three separate hollow cylindrical parts that can twist and slide over each other about a common axis without any tendency to slip. The following details describe the version made between 1921 and 1935. There is a papier-mâché cylinder (marked D in the annotated photograph) some long and in diameter fastened to a mahogany handle. A second papier-mâché cylinder (marked C) – long and diameter – is a slide fit over the first. Both cylinders are covered in paper varnished with shellac. The second, outer, cylinder is printed with the slide rule's primary logarithmic scale in the form of a 50-turn helix long with annotations on the scale going from 100 to 1000. A brass tube with a mahogany cap at the top is a slide fit into the first cylinder.
A brass pointer with an engraved index marker at its tip (marked A) is attached to the handle so that it points to a place on the primary logarithmic scale, depending on the position to which the scale on cylinder C has been adjusted. A second brass pointer (marked B) is attached to the top cap pointing down over the logarithmic scale and it is positioned by rotating and sliding the cap at the top. This pointer has four index marks (marked B1, B2, B3, B4) such that whichever one is convenient may be used. Printed on the inner cylinder D are simply tables of data for reference purposes.
The calculator was sold in a hinged mahogany case which, if required, holds the instrument when in use by means a brass support that can be latched to the outer end of the case. Out of its case the calculator weighs about . For all except the earliest instruments the last two digits of the date and a serial number, believed to be consecutively allocated, are stamped at the top of pointer B.
Other Fuller models
The calculator described above was called "Model No. 1" . Model 2 had scales on the inner cylinder for calculating logs and sines. The "Fuller-Bakewell" model 3 had two scales of angles printed on the inner cylinder to calculate cosine² and sinecosine for use by engineers and surveyors for tacheometry calculations. A smaller model with a scale was available for a short time but very few survive. In about 1935 the brass tube was replaced by one of phenolic resin and in about 1945 the mahogany was replaced by Bakelite.
Included in Stanley's 1912 catalogue and continuing there until 1958 was Barnard's Coordinate calculator. It is very similar in construction to the Fuller instruments but its pointers have multiple indices so additional trigonometrical functions can be used. It cost slightly less than the Fuller-Bakewell and a 1919 example is held by the Science Museum, London. In 1962 the Whythe-Fuller complex number calculator was introduced. As well as being able to multiply and divide complex numbers it can convert between Cartesian and polar coordinates.
Comparison with other slide rules and contemporaneous calculators
The calculator's unusual single-scale design makes its helical spiral equivalent to a scale twice this length on a traditional slide rule – long. The scale can always be read to four significant figures and often to five. In 1900 William Stanley, whose firm manufactured and sold scientific instruments including the Fuller calculator, described the slide rule as "possibly the highest refinement in this class of rules".
When it was introduced the Fuller calculator had a much greater precision than other slide rules although the Thacher instrument became available a couple of years later. This was made in the United States and was comparable in size and precision but radically different in design. However, these slide rules required some skill to operate accurately compared with mechanical calculators which manipulated exact numerical digits rather than using positioning and reading from a graduated scale. Mechanical calculators could only add and subtract (which the Fuller did not do at all) although models such as the Arithmometer could perform all four functions of elementary arithmetic. No mechanical calculators could calculate transcendental functions, which slide rules could be designed to do, and they were bigger, heavier and much more expensive than any slide rule, including the Fuller.
However, a revolutionary miniature mechanical calculator went on sale in the mid-twentieth century – while Curt Herzstark had been imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp in World War II they had developed the design of the handheld Curta mechanical calculator. It was simple to use and, being digital, was completely accurate. Because of these advantages and despite its somewhat higher price its total sales were 150,000 – over ten times more than the Fuller. Its range of mathematical calculations was seen as being adequate. However, for scientific calculations the Fuller remained viable until 1973 when, along with the Curta, it was made obsolete by the Hewlett-Packard HP-35 handheld scientific electronic calculator.
Invention, sales and demise
The calculator was invented by George Fuller (1829–1907), professor of engineering at Queen's University Belfast (Queen's College at that time). They patented it in Britain in 1878, described it in Nature in 1879 and in that year they also patented it the United States, depositing a patent model.
Fuller's calculators were manufactured by the scientific instrument maker W.F. Stanley & Co. of London who made nearly 14,000 between 1878 and 1973.
In Britain the prices charged by W.F. Stanley in 1900 were for model 1 £3 () and for model 3 £4 10s. The Whythe-Fuller model was advertised in a 1962 W.F. Stanley catalogue at £21 (£ in ). The calculator was still listed in Stanley's catalogue in 1976 when model 1 cost £60 (£ in ) and model 2 was £61.25.
In the United States the instrument was marketed by Keuffel and Esser who only supplied model 1. They described it as "Fuller's Spiral Slide Rule" and, over the period it was sold between 1895 and 1927, it rose in price from $28 to $42 (falling from $ to $ in prices).
From the time when serial numbers were first stamped (about 1900) to when production ceased in 1973 around 14,000 instruments were made. Production was about 180 per year overall but it declined after about 1955. In 1949 Encyclopædia Britannica, noting that the Fuller had been designed in 1878, reported that it "has been in considerable use up to the present time".
In 1958 the mathematician and physicist Douglas Hartree wrote that the Fuller "... is cheap compared with a desk machine and may be found very useful in work for which its accuracy is adequate and in circumstances in which the cost of a desk machine is prohibitive. [...] With one of these slide-rules and an adding machine much useful numerical work can be done ...". In 1968 the standard Fuller cost about $50 at a time when an electronic Hewlett-Packard HP 9100A desktop calculator (weighing ) cost just under $5000.
But in 1972 Hewlett-Packard introduced the HP-35, the first handheld calculator with scientific functions, at $395 – the Fuller went out of production the next year.
Operation
Multiplication and division
The instrument operates on the principle that two pointers are set at an appropriate separation on the helical scale of the calculator. The relevant numbers are indexed by adjusting separately both the movable cylinder and the movable pointer. Since the scale is logarithmic the separation represents the ratio of the numbers. If the cylinder is then moved without altering the positions of the pointers, this same ratio applies between any other pair of numbers addressed. In other words, it is a logarithmic Gunter's scale wound into a helix with Gunter's compass points being provided by pointers A and B.
To multiply two numbers, p and q, cylinder C is rotated and shifted until pointer A points to p and pointer B is then moved so B1 points to 100. Next, cylinder C is moved so B1 points to q. The product is then read from the pointer A. The decimal point is determined as with an ordinary slide rule. At the end of a calculation the slide rule is already positioned to continue with further multiplications ().
To divide p by q, cylinder C is rotated and shifted until pointer A points to p, B1 is brought to q, cylinder C is moved to bring 100 to B1 and the quotient is read from pointer A. It turns out to be particularly efficient to alternate multiplication with division.
Determining logarithms
There are two other scales inscribed on the calculator which allow logarithms to be calculated and enabling such evaluations as and . The scales are linear and one is engraved along the length of pointer B and the other printed around the circumference of the top of cylinder C. Index B1 is set to the relevant value on cylinder C and then two readings are taken. The first reading is from the scale on pointer B where it crosses the topmost spiral of the helical scale on the cylinder. The second reading is from the scale at the top circumference of cylinder C where it crosses the left edge of pointer B. The sum of the readings provides the mantissa of the log of the value.
Trigonometry and log functions
For model 2 instruments with scales on the inner cylinder D, there is an index mark inscribed on both the top and bottom edges of cylinder C. As an example of use, when the lower index mark is set to an angle printed on the lower scale on cylinder D, pointer A points to the corresponding value of sine on cylinder C. The same approach apples for the log scale on the upper part of cylinder D. The model 3 Fuller–Bakewell is used in the same way but its scales on cylinder D are for cosine² and sinecosine(see photograph).
Notes
References
Citations
Works cited
– author granted permission to display on website.
updated at
Further reading
– description of Model 1
Fuller calculator instructional video
Mechanical calculators
Analog computers
Northern Irish inventions
Farzana Mushtaq Ghani () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Personal life
Ghani is wife of Mushtaq Ahmed Ghani.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a seat reserved for women from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chris Flory (born November 13, 1953) is an American jazz guitarist.
Flory began playing professionally in Providence, Rhode Island, in the 1970s. They played with Benny Goodman from 1979 to 1985, toured throughout China in 1992, and among their other credits include work with Ruby Braff, Judy Carmichael, Roy Eldridge, Scott Hamilton, Illinois Jacquet, Buddy Tate, and Bob Wilber.
In an interview with JazzTimes, Flory stated that their music has been inspired by Charlie Parker, Charlie Christian, T-Bone Walker, and Jimi Hendrix.
Discography
As leader
For All We Know (Concord Jazz, 1990)
City Life (Concord Jazz, 1993)
Word on the Street (Double-Time, 1996)
Blues in My Heart with Duke Robillard (Stony Plain, 2007)
For You (Arbors, 2008)
The Chris Flory Quintet Featuring Scott Hamilton (Arbors, 2011)
As sideman
With Ruby Braff
A First (Concord Jazz, 1985)
A Sailboat in the Moonlight (Concord Jazz, 1986)
Mr. Braff to You (Phontastic, 1986)
With Scott Hamilton
Scott Hamilton and Warren Vache with Scott's Band in New York City (Concord Jazz, 1978)
Skyscrapers (Concord Jazz, 1980)
Close Up (Concord Jazz, 1982)
In Concert (Concord Jazz, 1983)
The Second Set (Concord, 1984)
The Right Time (Concord Jazz, 1987)
Plays Ballads (Concord Jazz, 1989)
With Maxine Sullivan
Uptown (Concord Jazz, 1985)
Together (Atlantic, 1987)
Swingin' Sweet (Concord Jazz, 1988)
With Bob Wilber
Bob Wilber and the Scott Hamilton Quartet (Chiaroscuro, 1977)
Dizzyfingers (Bodeswell, 1980)
Bob Wilber and the Bechet Legacy (Bodeswell, 1981)
With others
Harry Allen & Keith Ingham, The Intimacy of the Blues (Progressive, 1994)
Harry Allen & Keith Ingham, My Little Brown Book (Progressive, 1994)
Judy Carmichael, Trio (C&D, 1989)
Doc Cheatham, Nonette Rare in Rehearsal (Squatty Roo, 2016)
Buck Clayton, A Swingin' Dream (Stash, 1989)
Rosemary Clooney, Sings the Music of Irving Berlin (Concord Jazz, 1984)
Peter Ecklund, Strings Attached (Arbors, 1996)
Susannah McCorkle, Thanks for the Memory (Pausa, 1984)
Ben Paterson, That Old Feeling (Cellar Live, 2018)
Flip Phillips, A Sound Investment (Concord Jazz, 1987)
Flip Phillips, The Claw: Live at the Floating Jazz Festival (Chiaroscuro, 1991)
Duke Robillard, Swing (Rounder, 1987)
Loren Schoenberg, Time Waits for No One (Musicmasters, 1987)
References
1953 births
Living people
American jazz guitarists
Guitarists from New York (state)
American male guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Double-Time Records artists
Stony Plain Records artists
Concord Records artists
Arbor Records artists
The 1924 TCU Horned Frogs football team represented Texas Christian University (TCU) as a member of the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1924 college football season. Led by second -year head coach Matty Bell, the Horned Frogs compiled an overall 4–5 record with a conference mark of 1–5, placing last of eight team in the SWC. TCU played their at Clark Field, located on campus in Fort Worth, Texas.
Schedule
References
TCU
TCU Horned Frogs football seasons
TCU Horned Frogs football
Tortoise is the debut studio album by American post-rock band Tortoise. It was released on June 22, 1994, on the Thrill Jockey record label.
By March 1998, Tortoise had sold 35,000 copies (8,000 LPs and 27,000 CDs).
Reception
In their review for AllMusic, Glenn Swan writes that Tortoise "share equal responsibility and trust in each other, pouring out a thick stew of meditative grooves, light production experiments, and rusty guitar-string ambience -- the likes of which have rarely sounded so approachable, but this is not to say the album is a sellout leap into commercialism. There are a couple head scratchers and murky moments that fail to make much of an impact, but the quintet have spun such a rich web of mood and personality that any fall from grace barely changes altitude".
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for Tortoise adapted from album liner notes.
Tortoise
Dan Bitney
Bundy K. Brown
John Herndon
Douglas McCombs
John McEntire
Production
Bundy K. Brown – recording (assistant), mixing (assistant)
John McEntire – recording, mixing
Tortoise – arrangement, production
Artwork and design
Sam Prekop – cover design
References
1994 albums
Tortoise (band) albums
Thrill Jockey albums
Berycidae is a small family of deep-sea fishes, related to the squirrelfishes. The family includes the alfonsinos and the nannygais.
Berycids are found in both temperate and tropical waters around the world, between in depth, though mainly greater than . They are typically red in colour, and measure up to in length. Distinguishing features include spiny scales and large eyes and mouths.
References
Ray-finned fish families
Taxa named by Richard Thomas Lowe
Röda bönor (A Swedish pun meaning both "red beans" and "red chicks") was a feminist progg band formed in Lund in the mid 1970s. Röda bönor was one of the progg movement's first real girl bands. The lyrics and music were written mainly by the band members. Their most famous song is Oh, Carol. Others include Diskoteksjakt ("Disco-hunt"), Sången om sexualmyterna ("The song of the sexual myths"), Det ska bli slut på rumban ("It's the end of the rumba") and Nu har vi tröttnat ("We have now become tired"). They are also known for exactly copying the Italian Socialist song La lega.
Members of the band included Charlotte Adlercreutz-Carlsson, Mona Eklund, Marianne Giselsson, Annbritt Kronlund, Kjerstin Norén, Gunilla Szemenkár, Eva Vahlne, Eva Westerberg and Kaya Ålander. Norén and Vahlne left the group after their first album. Norén and Ålander have also released solo albums. Röda bönor have recently reunited for occasional performances.
In 1981 Jan Hammarlund and Kjerstin Norén made Tågen Till Reggio Kalabrien, a Swedish version of I treni per Reggio Calabria, the song by Giovanna Marini about the 1972 bombings in Italy.
Discography
1993 - Repris (rerelease, CD, MNWCD 238)
1978 - Sköna Skrönor (LP, MNW 89P)
1978 - Min søsters stemme. International kvindemusikfestival 78 (compilation, Demos 46)
1977 - Kvinnokulturfestivalen (compilation, Silence SRS 4647)
1976 - Röda Bönor (LP, MNW 74P)
References
Much of the content of this article comes from the equivalent Swedish-language Wikipedia article (retrieved November 8, 2006).
Swedish musical groups
Feminism in Sweden
Feminist musicians
Kelly Clarkson's Cautionary Christmas Music Tale is a 2013 Christmas television special produced by Done and Dusted for NBC. Directed by Hamish Hamilton, it stars Kelly Clarkson, Blake Shelton, Reba McEntire, Trisha Yearwood, Robin Williams, Whoopi Goldberg, William Shatner, Jay Leno, Matt Lauer, Danica Patrick, Heidi Klum, Ken Jeong, Jai Rodriguez and Morgan Bastin. It is a musical comedy pastiche loosely based on Charles Dickens's 1843 novella A Christmas Carol where Clarkson's character learns the true meaning of Christmas, accompanied by the music of their sixth studio album Wrapped in Red.
With its musical performances filmed live at The Venetian Las Vegas on October 30, 2013, the television special itself was broadcast on December 11, 2013 on NBC in the United States. The special won a Gold World Medal for best Variety Special in the New York Festival's International Television & Film Awards. The special was aired on December 23, 2014 and December 17, 2015.
Plot
The story is narrated by a little girl (Morgan Bastin), who sits in a chair and reads the story from a book.
Kelly's career has been fading, so she, their manager (Ken Jeong) and their assistant Chad (Jai Rodriguez) make a plan to revive it. Kelly decides to do a Christmas special and makes a deal with an NBC executive (William Shatner) that many celebrities will star in their special. They also say that children will benefit from the special, although it is only a pretext to have more publicity for the special. Kelly promotes it on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.
They manage to get Reba McEntire and Trisha Yearwood to sing "Silent Night" with them on their special by blackmailing them. Kelly wants more celebrities including George Clooney. Nevertheless, everyone including Whoopi Goldberg, Robin Williams, Danica Patrick and Heidi Klum declines. Kelly is furious and fires their assistant Chad. The only one who wants to participate is Blake Shelton but Kelly is afraid that they would overshadow them They make them sew their dresses and iron them. When they ask them what they want to do for the finale, they are not paying much attention and replies that probably something with elves.
On the night of the finale, Kelly faces the humiliation of being unable to get any celebrities to join them They panic and runs away from the theater, where the special is shot. Outside, it is snowing. Kelly encounters a man begging on the street with a little girl. The man turns out to be Chad and the girl is their little sister, Poppy. When they see that Kelly is cold, they give them their coat and takes them to a shelter where they live now. Kelly is moved when they see all the homeless children who live there. Chad give some sweets to the children and Poppy gives their own candy cane to Kelly. Kelly is touched by their generosity and realizes that they were wrong and that Christmas is not about their career. Having nothing else to give, they sing "White Christmas" to the people in the shelter. When they finish, Chad tells them that they managed to get George Clooney on the phone and that they were available for the special. Much to their surprise, Kelly only wishes Merry Christmas to Clooney and hangs up.
Meanwhile, a video of Kelly singing "White Christmas" has gone viral on YouTube, having more than 25 million views, and the fact is announced by Matt Lauer. When the celebrities who refused to participate in the special before see it, they call Kelly as they want to be a part of the show now. Nevertheless, Kelly does not pick up their phone. Instead they invite Poppy and their new Boston and Seattle friends to join them on stage and sing "Underneath the Tree". When Kelly heads home after the performance, they meet Blake Shelton who is wearing an elf costume. They bitterly yell at them for not including them into their special, claiming that they are "way too cool for this". The story ends with the narrator saying "and they all lived happily ever after" to which Kelly replies "for the most part, anyway" and winks at the camera.
The narrator finishes the story and bids the viewers farewell and a happy holiday.
Production
Kelly Clarkson's Cautionary Christmas Music Tale marked the first time Clarkson solely hosted a Christmas special. They had previously headlined the American Idol Christmas and Kelly, Ruben & Fantasia: Home for Christmas with Ruben Studdard and Fantasia Barrino, both of which were aired on Fox in 2003 and 2004, respectively. Clarkson cited the 2003 Christmas feature film Elf as one of their inspirations, they remarked: "I wanted to tell a real story, make a new classic, not just do some skits that aren't really related." Ian Stewart, the television special's executive producer, said it will feature a full narrative from the beginning to end. They remarked, "the spine is their singing. We'll have a young girl, narrating the story, sitting in an overstuffed chair in front of an amazing fire, reading the story from a book. And yes, it starts with 'once upon a time' and ends with 'happily ever after.'" Stewart, through their company Done and Dusted, had previously produced television events such as the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show and the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, revealed producing a Christmas special presents similar challenges, citing: "Supermodels in lingerie is a very lovely thing, but if that's all you give, like chocolate, it makes you sick, so you keep refreshing, to keep people excited. And that's what makes you go back to the core—in this case, to see Kelly sing." The television special aired on December 11, 2013 on NBC in the United States. According to NBC, the story is based loosely on Charles Dickens' novella A Christmas Carol, during which Clarkson's character learns about the true meaning of Christmas. It also shares certain metafictional aspects of Mel Brooks' Silent Movie, particularly the device of framing cameo appearances by celebrities as requests for such appearances.
Setlist
"Run Run Rudolph"
"Silent Night" with Reba McEntire and Trisha Yearwood
"My Favorite Things"
"Wrapped in Red"
"Please Come Home for Christmas"
"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas"
"White Christmas"
"Underneath the Tree"
Cast
Kelly Clarkson
Blake Shelton
Reba McEntire
Trisha Yearwood
Robin Williams
Whoopi Goldberg
William Shatner
Jay Leno
Matt Lauer
Danica Patrick
Heidi Klum
Ken Jeong
Jai Rodriguez
Morgan Bastin
Gianna Archuleta
Source:
Music
Clarkson revealed that the television special will be a part comedy and part musical performances, to which Stewart added, "the story is a way to refresh the palate, so viewers go, 'Oh, my God, they sound beautiful. Let's hear them sing!' You want to remind them why they're there." The music of Kelly Clarkson's Cautionary Christmas Music Tale features the songs from their sixth studio album Wrapped in Red. The television special's musical performances were taped in front of a live audience at The Venetian Las Vegas on October 30, 2013, a day after Wrapped in Reds street release. It features special guests Reba McEntire, Trisha Yearwood, and Ronnie Dunn, accompanied by twenty-nine musicians and a choir. RCA Records also announced plans to release some of the television special's performances into music videos, such as "Silent Night", performed by Clarkson, McEntire and Yearwood.
Release
On October 21, 2014, the special was released on a bonus DVD with Wrapped in Red as a part of Walmart exclusive reissue.
See also
List of adaptations of A Christmas Carol
Miracle on Broadway
References
External links
2010s American television specials
2013 television specials
Christmas television specials
Kelly Clarkson
NBC television specials
Television shows based on A Christmas Carol
American Christmas television specials
Sarah Hammond (born 9 October 1975) is an Australian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Australian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Melbourne
The San Carlos Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race once held during the third week of February at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California, but now run in March. The Grade II stakes race is open to horses, aged three and up, willing to race seven furlongs on the dirt and currently offers a purse of $200,000.
Inaugurated in 1935 as the San Carlos Handicap, it was raced at a distance of miles through 1939. It was run in both January and December 1949. It became known as the San Carlos Stakes beginning with its 2012 running.
It wasn't raced due to World War II between 1942 and 1945.
Records
Speed record: (at current distance of 7 furlongs)
1:20.2 – Flying Paster (1981)
Most wins:
2 – Autocrat (1948, 1949)
2 – Porterhouse (1955, 1956)
2 – Native Diver (1965, 1967)
2 – Rising Market (1969, 1970)
2 – Surf Cat (2006, 2008)
2 – Sahara Sky (2013,2014)
Most wins by a jockey:
8 – Laffit Pincay Jr. (1969, 1970, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1980, 1984, 1986)
Most wins by a trainer:
6 – Charles Whittingham (1955, 1956, 1960, 1971, 1988, 1993)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Alfred G. Vanderbilt II (1936, 1954)
2 – Baroni & Battilana (1948, 1949)
2 – Fred W. Hooper (1963, 1964)
2 – M/M Louis K. Shapiro (1965, 1967)
2 – M/M Bert W. Martin (1966, 1969)
2 – Aase Headley/Marsha Naify (2006, 2008)
Winners
† In 1973, Kennedy Road won the race but was disqualified from first to second.† Race run on December 31, 1949.
References
The 2009 San Carlos Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Open mile category horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
1935 establishments in California
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1948 season.
Overview
It was contested by 12 teams, and PAK Zhmylov won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Honnywill Peak () is a rock peak, high, immediately southeast of Williams Ridge on the west side of Stratton Glacier in the Shackleton Range of Antarctica. It was first mapped in 1957 by the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition and was named for Eleanor Honnywill, Assistant Secretary to the expedition in 1955–59, and later Secretary and Editor.
References
Mountains of Coats Land
Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito's 2007 season was the club's 77th year of existence, the 54th year in professional football, and the 46th in the top level of professional football in Ecuador.
Club
Coaching staff
Manager: Edgardo Bauza
Assistant manager: José Daniel Di Leo
Physical trainer: Bruno Militano
Goalkeeper trainer: Óscar Manis
Kits
Supplier: Umbro
Sponsor(s): Movistar, Coca-Cola, Pilsener
Squad
Competitions
|}
Serie A
First stage
2007 was the club's 46th season in the top-flight national tournament. The first stage was played between February 1, 2007 and June 13, 2007.
Second stage
The second stage was played between July 15, 2007, and October 7, 2007.
Liguilla Final
The Liguilla Final was played between October 21, 2007 and December 16, 2007.
Copa Libertadores
Copa Libertadores Squad
First stage
LDU Quito advanced on points 4–1.
Second stage
References
RSSSF - 2007 Serie A
External links
Official website
Emelec (4) - LDU Quito (3) 1st goal
LDU Quito (2) - El Nacional (0)
2007
Ldu
Rosalia Pipitone (born 3 August 1985) is an Italian goalkeeper. They play for Roma in the women's Serie A.
In 2018 they played for A.S. Roma Women.
International career
In 2018, they were called up to be part of the national team. They retired from international football in August 2019.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Italian women's footballers
Italy women's international footballers
Serie A (women's football) players
A.S. Roma Women players
Footballers from Rome
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Women's association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Palermo
Res Roma players
Clark Daniel Stearns (January 15, 1870 – May 25, 1944) was the ninth Naval Governor of American Samoa. Stearns commanded various vessels, on which they set up organized committees for the crew to give suggestions to the officers. They hoped to alleviate tensions between the enlisted men and officers. However, upon their appointment to the battleship , they were removed from command of these activities.
Stearns relieved Nathan Woodworth Post as Governor of American Samoa on July 14, 1913, and helped the Samoans achieve more involvement in government. They received a medal from the Japanese Red Cross, as well as the Navy Distinguished Service Medal during their career. They retired at the rank of Captain.
Life and career
Stearns was born in Big Rapids, MeCosta County, Michigan. They graduated from the United States Naval Academy in June 1893. They died on May 25, 1944 aboard a submarine chaser off Miami, Florida of a coronary thrombosis.
Naval career
In 1918, Stearns was posted to , a civilian ship converted into a minelayer, where they eventually took command. While in command, Stearns allowed the crew to form two organized committees, one for the petty officers, and another composed of one man from each enlisted division. These committees investigated questionable rulings regarding minor disciplinary actions, and to make complaints and suggestions about the "health, happiness and comfort of the ship's company." They believed that these committees would lead to less unrest on the ship, as there would be less tension between officers and enlisted sailors, and Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels supported the effort.
During their command of Roanoke, Stearns received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal. After leaving command of Roanoke, Stearns examined the Naval Penal System, ruled it "archaic", and recommended the creation of an Office of Discipline.
Stearns commanded the battleship USS Michigan next, but was relieved of their command in 1921 after only 107 days, after allowing their sailors to form the same organized committees as they had on Roanoke. At the advent of the Warren Harding administration, admirals who had opposed Naval Secretary Josephus Daniels' and Assistant Naval Secretary Franklin D. Roosevelt's attempts under the Woodrow administration to "democratize" the Navy, saw Stearns' actions as a move which could subvert naval authority by implementing organizations similar to labor unions, claiming it resembled a "Soviet spirit [which] had crept into the Navy." After petitions from various Admirals of the United States Atlantic Fleet, Secretary of the Navy Edwin Denby stripped Stearns of command, and transferred them to the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard and Intermediate Maintenance Facility, claiming that allowing sailors to advise officers was against naval tradition and broke down disciplinary authority.
After the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, Stearns led the emergency relief efforts, and received a medal from the Japanese Red Cross; they sent this medal back to Japan following the Attack on Pearl Harbor. They also served as a lighthouse inspector.
Governorship
Stearns became the ninth Governor of American Samoa on July 14, 1913, relieving Nathan Woodworth Post. While Governor, they set up three committees to aid Samoans in becoming more involved in government. These committees were "Committee A: Executive Committee, consisting of District Governors; Committee B: Committee of the Samoan Hospital, with three members from each district, and Committee C: Auditing Committee, to give the fullest publicity to the statement of government accounts." They further established the American Samoan Judicial, Treasury, Interior, Agriculture, and Public Health Departments. Stearns gave command back to Lt. Post on October 2, 1914.
Notes
References
1870 births
Governors of American Samoa
United States Naval Academy alumni
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
United States Navy officers
People from Miami-Dade County, Florida
1944 deaths
Deaths from coronary thrombosis
Hawthorne School District is a school district headquartered in Hawthorne, California, United States.
The district serves much of Hawthorne.
Zoned schools
Zoned middle schools
Bud Carson Middle School
Hawthorne Middle School
Prairie Vista Middle School
Zoned elementary schools
Zela Davis Elementary School
Eucalyptus Elementary School
Jefferson Elementary School
Kornblum Elementary School
Ramona Elementary School
Washington Elementary School
York Elementary School
Associated high schools
Hawthorne Math and Science Academy is a charter high school in Hawthorne associated with the Hawthorne School District.
References
External links
School districts in Los Angeles County, California
Hawthorne, California
Thomas Carter (1720 – 10 September 1765) was an Irish politician. They were a Member of Parliament (MP) for the borough of Old Leighlin in County Carlow from 1745 to 1761.
They were the eldest son of Thomas Carter, one of leading Irish statesmen of the era, and Mary Claxton, daughter of Thomas Claxton of Dublin. They married Anne Armytage, daughter of Sir Samuel Armytage, 1st Baronet, and Anne Griffith. They had one daughter Maria who married Skeffington Thompson. Their widow remarried John Nicholson.
Their marriage only a few days after their father's death caused some comment. It was suggested that their father had discouraged them from marrying due to a chronic illness, probably tuberculosis, which caused their early death two years later.
References
1720 births
1765 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Carlow constituencies
Irish MPs 1776–1783
The Ancash tapaculo (Scytalopus affinis) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Ancash tapaculo was originally described as Scytalopus magellanicus affinis, a subspecies of Magellanic tapaculo. Following a study published in 1997, it was elevated to species rank because of differences in their vocalizations.
Description
The male Ancash tapaculo's head and upper back are gray and the rest of the upper parts dark brown. The underparts are pale gray, and the flanks and vent are buffy with distinct bars. The female is similar but the upper parts are browner. The juvenile's head and upper back are brownish gray and the rest of the upper parts olive brown; all are barred. The underparts are gray, and the flanks and vent are olive brown with dusky bars.
Distribution and habitat
The Ancash tapaculo was described from the Department of Ancash, Peru. Since then it has been recorded in the adjoining departments of La Libertad, Huánuco, and Lima. It is found at elevations of .
It inhabits tussocky high elevation grassland and rocky areas with grass. It is often found in or near Polylepis woodland or Gynoxys shrubs.
Behavior
Feeding
Little is known about the Ancash tapaculo's diet and foraging phenology, though the species is assumed to be insectivorous.
Breeding
There is also little known about the Ancash tapaculo's breeding behavior. Two nests were balls of grass and moss with a side entrance. Eggs and nestlings have been reported in February.
Vocalization
The Ancash tapaculo's song is a "churr" note repeated for 30 or more seconds . The scold call is also a "churr", but longer and dryer than those of the song .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Ancash tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Though it has a small range and an unknown population size, the population appears to be stable and not under immediate threat.
References
Scytalopus
Endemic birds of Peru
Birds described in 1939
Taxa named by John T. Zimmer
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Association of Theatrical Press Agents & Managers (ATPAM) is an American union organization for press agents and managers in the theatrical profession.
ATPAM received a charter from the American Federation of Labor (AFL) in 1928. They have been part of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees since 1937.
Selected members
Mark Bramble
Adrian Bryan-Brown
Alan Eichler
Grant A. Rice
References
External links
ATPAM website
Organizations established in 1928
1928 establishments in the United States
Professional associations based in the United States
Theatrical organizations in the United States
American Federation of Labor
The or VSE (Vault Super Express) is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train operated by Odakyu Electric Railway on Romancecar services in Japan. Two 10-car articulated sets were introduced in March 2005, manufactured by Nippon Sharyo.
The type won a Japanese Good Design Award in 2005, and a Blue Ribbon Award in 2006.
On 11 March 2022, the train type was withdrawn from regular service, and has since been reserved for use on special services only. A complete retirement is planned for 2023.
Design
The 50000 series was designed by architect Noriaki Okabe. Body construction is of double-skin aluminium.
The 50000 series has regenerative brakes, and is equipped with air suspension, and tilts for passenger comfort.
As with most previous Romancecar trains, the train cars in the sets are articulated.
Interior
Passenger accommodation primarily consists of 2+2 abreast seating, with a seating pitch of for the leading cars and for the intermediate cars. The seats are rotated five degrees toward the windows. In the leading cars, the frontmost seats can be arranged in a longitudinal, lounge-like configuration. Car 3 uses compartment-style seating.
The 50000 series trains have the driver's cab located above the passenger saloon, giving passengers a view out of the front of the train. This arrangement was used on earlier Odakyu Romancecar trains, although discontinued with the 30000 series EXE trains.
Formation
The sets are formed as follows.
The leading cars have observation decks.
Cars 3 and 8 are equipped with cafeterias and lavatories.
Car 3 has a wheelchair space, and features slightly wider sliding doors.
History
The first set was delivered from Nippon Sharyo in November 2004, and entered service on 19 March 2005.
Withdrawal
Odakyu initially planned to refurbish the 50000 series trains. However, as a result of the train type's overall difficulty to repair and advanced technology required to do so, Odakyu announced on 17 December 2021 its decision to retire them. On 29 January 2022, set 50002 was adorned with decorations to commemorate the type's withdrawal.
The trains were relegated from regular service to special service only on 11 March 2022, and are planned to be completely retired in 2023.
References
External links
Odakyu Romancecar Lineup
Electric multiple units of Japan
50000 series VSE
Tilting trains
Train-related introductions in 2005
Articulated passenger trains
Nippon Sharyo multiple units
1500 V DC multiple units of Japan
Still Life is a 1657 oil painting by Pieter Claesz.
References
1627 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Ron Davis is a Canadian jazz pianist.
Early life
Davis is the youngest son of Alex Davis and Alice Davis(née Ladowsky). Their maternal grandfather was Józef Ładowski, a Polish restaurateur who owned a restaurant in the 1920s and early 1930s in Warsaw. The 1930s Polish song, Bal u Starego Joska, cites this restaurant and refers to Ładowski (Gruby Josek).
Davis's parents survived The Holocaust as inmates of the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp (father) and the Skarżysko-Kamienna labour camp (mother) before settling in Toronto, Canada, in 1948.
Davis was enrolled at the Royal Conservatory of Music to study theory and piano. They studied with teacher Darwyn Aitken, a student of both Oscar Peterson and David Saperton. At thirteen, Davis made their public debut playing the Maple Leaf Rag at a convention held by the Toronto Ragtime Society. At sixteen, Davis made their professional debut when they performed at the grand opening of a Toronto restaurant.
They continued to perform as a jazz pianist as a teen and young adult in clubs as they made their way through university and law school.
Education and early career
Davis studied French at the University of Toronto. They wanted to continue on to graduate studies but their parents were adamant that they become a lawyer. They were able to make a compromise with them by studying law at the University of Ottawa Faculty of Law where they had just launched a French common law program.
Davis received their J.D. law degree in 1982 and completed their articles with Philip M. Epstein, doing civil litigation and solicitor negligence defence work, sharing space with criminal lawyer Edward Greenspan. In 1984 they were called to the Ontario bar.
Two years after their call to the bar, Davis ran into a professor and mentor from their undergraduate years who encouraged them to return to academia and do graduate work in French. From 1987 to 1993, Davis completed a Masters and PhD in French Linguistics at the University of Toronto. Their thesis was titled Chronosemantics: A Theory of Time and Meaning and won them the 1993 University of Toronto French Department Doctoral Thesis Prize. They also are given a position as an assistant professor in the French Department.
Professional music
In 1997, Davis met jazz saxophonist, Doug Banwell, who convinced them to resume playing piano. The duo started playing gigs regularly, and Davis began to focus on music full-time. Davis credited the law, in part, for their success in the music business. In an interview with the Law Times, they said that the law taught them to deal with loss, pressure, and adversity.
In music, as in all arts, you have to learn to accept rejection constantly...Some cases are won because the lawyer asserts them with great conviction and belief. It's the same in the arts," they say. Art is a form of persuasion. I'm always aware of the depth and beauty of the music I'm making.
Since 1997, Davis has performed live, and recorded music. They created Symphronica, a classical jazz fusion. Davis has recorded albums in various size ensembles (from duos to symphonies) and styles, such as chamber jazz, straight-ahead, and electric.
In 2018 they completed a third year of performances in Scotland at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
And in 2020, Davis' twelfth studio album, Symphronica Upfront, was nominated for a Juno Award for Instrumental Album of the Year.
Davis derives their style from the swing and bop eras. They cite pianists Oscar Peterson, Art Tatum, and Thelonious Monk as inspirations. In an interview with the National Post, Davis described said, "One of the things about this music is it's handmade."
Personal life
Davis is married to singer Daniela Nardi. In 2012, they co-produced their album Espresso Manifesto.
Discography
References
External links
Ron Davis' Official Website
Ron Davis on Youtube
Stride pianists
Living people
Canadian jazz pianists
Musicians from Toronto
Smooth jazz pianists
University of Toronto alumni
The Royal Conservatory of Music alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian pianists
William F. Borgmann (May 18, 1913 – November 2, 2003) was an American football player and coach and business person. They were a lineman for the undefeated national champion 1932 and 1933 Michigan Wolverines football teams and a line-mate of future President Gerald Ford on the 1934 team. They were also an assistant football coach on Michigan's 1935 team.
Early years
Borgmann was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana, in 1913 as the only child of Walter and Pauline (Doenges) Borgmann. They attended North Side High School where they played football and basketball and received the Guild Trophy as the outstanding scholar-athlete of their graduating class.
University of Michigan
Borgmann enrolled at the University of Michigan where they played at the guard position on the undefeated national champion 1932 and 1933 Michigan Wolverines football teams. They were also a teammate of Gerald Ford, both playing in the line, for the 1934 Michigan Wolverines football team. In October 1934, Georgia Tech football coach and athletic director W. A. "Bill" Alexander refused to allow their team to take the field if Willis Ward, an African-American player, took the field for Michigan. Ford, Borgmann and others protested when the administration decided to pull Ward from the game. Ford later recalled that, during the game, a Georgia Tech lineman taunted, "Where's your black player?" According to Ford, three plays later, the player making the taunt was hit simultaneously by Borgmann and Ford and had to be carried off the field on a stretcher.
After receiving their bachelor's degree in 1935, Borgmann enrolled at the University of Michigan Law School where they received their LL.B. degree in 1938. They served as an assistant football coach under Michigan head coach Harry Kipke during the 1935 football season.
Later years
After receiving their law degree, Borgmann returned to Fort Wayne, Indiana. During World War II, they served in the U.S. military in the European Theater of Operations.
After the war, Borgmann worked for the Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and later for Central Soya Company. They retired in 1978 and moved to Savannah, Georgia. Borgmann also served as a football official for the Big Ten Conference for 20 years.
Borgmann died in 2003 at the Spanish Oaks Retreat in Savannah. They were age 90 at the time of their death. They were survived by their wife of 63 years, Helen Louise Borgmann, a daughter, Suellen B. Craig, and three sons, William F. Borgmann, Jr., Daniel J. Borgmann, and Thomas A. Borgmann.
Borgmann and Gerald Ford remained friends throughout their lives. Upon Borgmann's death, Ford wrote a handwritten condolence letter to their widow, Helen. The letter said, in part: "Bill was a long time, very dear friend. A wonderful team-mate at Michigan. We had a great relationship. You should be very proud of their record at Michigan. I treasured their friendship and will forever recall our times together at Michigan."
References
External links
1913 births
2003 deaths
American football guards
Michigan Wolverines football coaches
Michigan Wolverines football players
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Sportspeople from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Coaches of American football from Indiana
Players of American football from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Bruce Wallace (1920 – January 12, 2015) was an American scientist. They were University Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Biological Sciences at Virginia Tech.
Biography
Wallace was born and raised in McKean, Pennsylvania. They received their bachelor's degree in zoology from Columbia University before joining the United States Army. They served as a statistical control officer under Robert McNamara before returning to Columbia to earn their doctoral degree in 1949, studying under Theodosius Dobzhansky. They joined the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in 1947 and was promoted to its assistant director. In 1958, they joined the faculty of Cornell University and held the position of professor of genetics until 1981 to become University Distinguished Professor of Biology at Virginia Tech. Wallace retired from teaching in 1994. Their research has initially focused on the study of genetics and natural populations, but shifted towards environmental issues after their retirement.
Among their contributions to the field of biology was their conceptualization of an "island machine" to estimate the equilibrium number of species in the biogeography of a laboratory island and the major determinant of extinction. They also anticipated the structure and roles of enhancers in gene regulation.
Wallace was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1970. However, they resigned from the Academy after learning that trough its operating arm, the National Research Council, had committees doing secret war research funded by the United States Department of Defense during the Vietnam War. They were reinstated in the Academy after the war was over.
They were also a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Wallace served as president of numerous learned societies, including the Genetics Society of America, the American Society of Naturalists, the Society for the Study of Evolution, and the American Genetics Association.
They died on January 12, 2015, in Blacksburg, Virginia, at age 94.
References
2015 deaths
1920 births
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Virginia Tech faculty
Cornell University faculty
American geneticists
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Ngozi Alaegbu is a broadcast journalist and TV presenter. They have worked at Degue Broadcasting Network (DBN), Television Continental (TVC) and currently works with Arise TV.
Biography
Alaegbu studied German at the University of Hamburg, Germany. They started their career by working with DBN. They thereafter moved to TVC where they spent some years before resigning in August 2019. Alaegbu's transition to Arise TV happened in February 2020.
Awards/recognition
Alaegbu won the Television Newscaster of the Year Award at the 2021 Nigeria Media Merit Awards. They were listed as number 15 on the 2021 25 Most Powerful Women in Journalism list curated by the Women in Journalism Africa.
Personal life
Alaegbu is a mother and grandmother.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nigerian journalists
Nigerian women journalists
University of Hamburg alumni
Duncan MacGregor was a Scottish rugby union player.
They were capped three times for in 1907. They also played for Pontypridd RFC in Wales.
They were the brother of John MacGregor who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Pontypridd RFC players
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Chinese Taipei competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Delegation
Chinese Taipei sent a team of 13 athletes, 5 men and 8 women, and 4 officials to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. They competed archery, athletics, judo, powerlifting, table tennis and wheelchair tennis.
Medalists
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Events
Archery
Lee Yun-hsien finished second at the 2016 Final Paralympic Qualifying Tournament held in Nove Mesto, Czech Republic, securing a place in the 2016 Summer Paralympics. Paralympic record holder Tseng Lung-hui, who placed sixth in the tournament, also secured a ticket to the competition. The pair also qualified for the mixed team recurve open event.
|-
|align=left|Tseng Lung-hui
|align=left|Men's individual recurve
|611
|10
| (23)W 6–0
| (7)L 4–6
|colspan="3"| Did not advance
|9
|-
|align=left|Lee Yun-hsien
|align=left|Women's individual recurve
|550
|21
| (12)L 5–6
|colspan="4"| Did not advance
|17
|-
|align=left|Lee Yun-hsienTseng Lung-hui
|align=left|Mixed team recurve
|1161
|9
|
| (8)L 2–6
|colspan="3"|Did not advance
|9
|}
Athletics
Track Events
Field Events
Liu Ya-ting, aged 25, competed in the Games for the second time. They set a new Paralympic record at the women's F13 javelin throw event in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Chinese Taipei qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Judo
Runner-up from the 2012 Summer Paralympics, Lee Kai-lin was qualified to compete in the women's 48 kg weight class by virtue of their IBSF world ranking as of May 2016. They finished fifth in the event.
Powerlifting
Five-time Paralympian and three-time Paralympic medalist, Lin Tzu-hui seeks to defend their title in the women's 79 kg weight class. Lin was entered into the competition by virtue of their world ranking as of April 2016.
Lin Ya-hsuan will also compete in the Paralympics for the fourth consecutive time. The best outcome out of three attempts counted as the final results. The athlete who placed first in each event was allowed a fourth attempt to break the Paralympic or world record.
Table tennis
Three-time Paralympic medalist Wei Mei-hui is set to attend the competition for the fifth consecutive time. Lin Yen-hung, aged 58, is the oldest athlete among the delegates.
Individual
Team
Wheelchair Tennis
Following the suspension of the Russian Paralympic team, a slot was subsequently redistributed to Lu Chia-yi, marking the first time since 2004 for which Chinese Taipei competed in Wheelchair tennis at the Summer Paralympics.
See also
Chinese Taipei at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Taiwanese sport
Claremont Park is a park in the Morrisania section of the Bronx in New York City. The land on which the park sits was once part of the Morris family estate. It became a municipal park in 1884 as part of the New Parks Act.
Description
Claremont Park is a park in the Morrisania section of the Bronx. It is roughly triangular and has been described as "ham-shaped". The park is bordered by Mt. Eden Avenue (previously known as Belmont Street) on the north, Morris and Teller Avenues on the west, E 170th Street on the south, and Clay Avenue on the east. It sits atop a ridge which overlooks the modern Webster Avenue; at one time this had been Mill Brook, which no longer exists.
The park includes handball and basketball courts, baseball fields, playgrounds, and barbecue areas. There are also two outdoor pools; a large one for swimming, and a smaller wading pool. There is a gazebo which was built in 1938 when the Claremont Mansion was torn down. the Harvest Home Mt. Eden Farmers' Market operates in the park from June to November.
One block east of Claremont Park is the Little Claremont Playground, also known as Claremont Community Park. The playground is part of PS 42.
History
The land which became Claremont Park was part of the Morris family estate from 1679 to 1848, when Gouverneur Morris II sold a parcel in the northern part of the property to Elliott and Anna Zborowski de Montsaulain. The couple built Claremont Mansion (later known as Zborowski Mansion) on the land in 1859, establishing for the first time the name Claremont for this area.
In 1884, the New Parks Act was passed, which led to the purchase of land by the city to create the 6 major parks in the borough: Claremont, Crotona, Van Cortlandt, Bronx, St. Mary's, and Pelham Bay. The Zborowski mansion was used by the Parks Department as their Bronx headquarters until it was moved to the Ranaqua section of Bronx Park.
In the ensuing years, additional parts of the Zborowski estate in the vicinity of Claremont Park continued to be sold. In 1888, 110 lots were offered for sale, of which 97 were ultimately sold, for an aggregate price of $73,000. A further 250 lots of the estate were sold in 1897, for $200,000.
In 1889, Claremont Park, along with a nearby horse racing track called Fleetwood Park, was considered as a possible site for a 1892 World's Fair. The fair was to be the International Columbian Exposition, celebrating the 400th anniversary of Christopher Columbus finding the new world. The alternative locations in New York were Inwood, Oak Point-Barretto Point, Port Morris, Cedar Park, and Morningside Park-Riverside Park-Bloomingdale Asylum. In 1890, however, the US Congress designated Chicago as the host city for the exposition.
A 1904 letter to the editor of the New York Times complained about electrical wiring having been strung through the park to bring power to the Claremont Mansion, which at that time was being used as the headquarters for the Bronx Parks Department. The writer also complained about excessive noise from the park due to sporting events and Sunday concerts.
The New York Central Railroad (now known as the Harlem line of Metro North Railroad) ran 1 block east of the Zborowski estate, with a station known as Central Morrisania directly across from the property. The name was changed to Claremont Park Station on June 1, 1891. The station was permanently closed in 1960.
A geological oddity of Claremont Park was a small but deep lake known as the "Black Swamp", which had a reputation for swallowing up livestock. The Native Americans who lived in the area believed it to be inhabited by evil spirits. Early European settlers were also aware of the danger, erecting a fence around it to prevent cattle from falling in. In 1904, a project to extend Morris Avenue past Claremont Park ran into problems when a horse and cart carrying fill intended to be dumped into the lake sank into the water. It was estimated that over of fill were dumped into the lake before the job was finished.
A collapse of a porch of the mansion led to 26 people being injured in 1909. An afternoon rainstorm caused about 100 people who were in the park to seek shelter on the porch, leading to a structural collapse and the people being dropped 15 feet into a cellar.
Notes
References
Additional reading
Parks in the Bronx
1884 establishments in New York (state)
IFRS 4 is an International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) providing guidance for the accounting of insurance contracts. The standard was issued in March 2004, and was amended in 2005 to clarify that the standard covers most financial guarantee contracts. Paragraph 35 of IFRS also applies the standard to financial instruments with discretionary participation features.
IFRS 4 was intended to provide limited improvements to accounting for insurance contracts until the IASB completed the second, more comprehensive phase of its insurance accounting project. The replacement standard, IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017 and will become effective on January 1, 2023, supplanting IFRS 4 at that time.
Provisions
Generally, IFRS 4 permitted companies to continue previous accounting practices for insurance contracts, but did enhance the disclosure requirements. IFRS 4 defines an insurance contract as a "contract under which one party (the insurer) accepts significant insurance risk from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder." The standard provides definitions to distinguish "insurance risk" from "financial risk." IFRS 4 exempts insurance companies from certain other IFRS standards, including IAS 8 on changes in accounting policies, until phase II is complete, but IFRS 4 does introduce its own requirements for changes in accounting policies.
Among the accounting requirements IFRS 4 introduced are a requirement to test that insurance liabilities are adequate and that reinsurance assets are not impaired. It also prohibits setting up a liability for insurance claims that have not been incurred. Although insurance contracts are subject to the requirements of IFRS 9 that embedded derivatives within other contracts be measured separately at fair value, IFRS 4 makes a limited exception for embedded derivatives that meet the definition of an insurance contract. Such embedded derivatives within insurance contracts do not need to be measured separately.
Criticism
6 of the 14 IASB board members dissented from issuing IFRS 4. Board members James J. Leisenring, Mary E. Barth, Robert P. Garnett, Gilbert Gélard and John T. Smith dissented because they disagreed with the temporary exemption from the accounting policy changes of IAS 8. Leisenring, Barth, Garnett and Smith further objected to the certain practices permitted by IFRS 4 related to the accounting for assets backing insurance companies, including "shadow accounting." Leisenring, Barth and Smith also objected to the inclusion of financial instruments with discretionary participation features within IFRS 4 rather than within the accounting guidance for financial instruments (which at the time was IAS 39), and Smith raised other objections as well, including the exception to separately measure embedded derivatives that meet the definition of insurance. Board member Tatsumi Yamada dissented separately because they did not believe that IFRS 4 appropriately addressed mismatches between the accounting for insurance contracts and the assets backing the insurance contracts.
Leisenring continued to criticize IFRS 4 after its issue, including a statement that “IFRS 4 is a gift of the IASB to the insurance community that keeps on giving."
References
IFRS 04
Derivatives (finance)
Actuarial science
Insurance
Sanja is a feminine given name in the former Yugoslavia, meaning "dream".
Notable persons with this name
Sanja Ančić (born 1988), Croatian tennis player
Sanja Bestic (born 1982), Serbian-American director, writer and producer
Sanja Bizjak (born 1988), Serbian pianist
Sanja Bogosavljević (born 1979), Serbian singer
Sanja Damjanović (born 1972), Montenegrin physicist and minister of science
Sanja Doležal (born 1963), Croatian singer and television host
Sanja Đorđević (born 1969), Montenegrin turbo-folk singer
Sanja Gavrilović (born 1982), Croatian hammer thrower
Sanja Grohar (born 1984), Slovenian model and singer
Sanja Ilić (born 1951), Serbian composer, keyboardist and architect
Sanja Iveković (born 1949), Croatian photographer, sculptor and installation artist
Sanja Jovanović (born 1986), Croatian swimmer
Sanja Knežević (born 1984), Montenegrin basketball player
Sanja Malagurski (born 1990), Serbian volleyball player
Sanja Maletić (born 1973), Bosnian pop-folk singer
Sanja Mandić (born 1995), Serbian basketball player
Sanja Matejaš or Sanya Mateyas, Croatian–American actor and singer
Sanja Nikčević (born 1960), Croatian theatre critic and professor of theatre history
Sanja Orozović (born 1990), Serbian basketball player
Sanja Ožegović (born 1959), Yugoslav basketball player
Sanja Papić (born 1984), Serbian model and beauty pageant contestant
Sanja Popović (born 1984), Croatian volleyball player
Sanja Premović (born 1992), Montenegrin handball player
Sanja Radosavljević (born 1994), Serbian handball player
Sanja Rajović (born 1981), Serbian handball player
Sanja Starović (born 1983), Serbian volleyball player
Sanja Štiglic (born 1970), Slovenian civil servant, diplomat and politician
Sanja Stijačić (born 1965), Serbian flautist and professor
Sanja Vejnović (born 1961), Croatian actor
Sanja Vučić (born 1993), Serbian singer
Sanja Vujović (born 1987), Serbian handball player
See also
Sanja (disambiguation)
Sanya (name)
Sania (name)
Shania (given name)
Serbian feminine given names
Behind the Headlines is a 1937 American drama film directed by Richard Rosson from a screenplay by Edmund Hartmann and J. Robert Bren, based on an original story by Thomas Ahearn. It was produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, who released the film on May 14, 1937. The film stars Lee Tracy and Diana Gibson, with a supporting cast which includes Donald Meek, Paul Guilfoyle, Philip Huston and Frank M. Thomas.
Plot
Eddie Haines (Lee Tracy) is a big-city radio reporter, known for their on-the-scene reporting. They do it with a backpack radio and lapel microphone. Their associate, Tiny (Tom Kennedy), relays Haines' reports to the station with a radio-equipped car. Haines is romantically involved with a reporter for the Star newspaper, Mary Bradley (Diana Gibson), whom they constantly scoop. Frustrated by this, Mary steals the pack radio and hides it in their car.
Haines leaves their jacket with the microphone in a room where gangster Art Martin (Paul Guilfoyle) and their crew are planning to rob a government gold shipment to the United States Bullion Depository at Fort Knox. Haines and Tiny overhear their plan, but so does Mary, eavesdropping on them. They go to phone the Star with the story, but first encounters Potter (Donald Meek), a Federal officer they had met before.
Potter tells them that the Feds are onto the plot, and to kill them story. They offer in return to bring them along on the operation, and they drive to Louisville in their car. There they turn them over to Martin and their gang: Potter is actually the mastermind of the plot. Haines and Tiny had tried to follow Martin from the meeting, but they evaded them.
The gang successfully ambush and capture the armored truck carrying the gold, with Potter and Mary looking on from their car; then all of them drive to Potter's cave hide-out. During the ambush, Mary secretly drops their inscribed watch (a gift from Haines) on the roadside.
Back east, Mary's editor thinks Haines has kidnapped her, but Haines sees a ticker report about the watch found at the crime scene, and they join forces with the Feds in Kentucky. Haines inquires among local associates of their underworld acquaintances back east, but they know nothing.
In the cave, Mary takes to playing music on their car's console radio. Under cover of this, they use the pack radio stolen from Haines to call for help. Them call interferes with the broadcast of the Kentucky Derby, and is overheard by Haines in a bar. When they call again, Federal agents locate their approximate position by radio direction finding.
Feds and state police surround the area, while Tiny cruises overhead in the Goodyear blimp, listening for more calls from Mary. They get off another call, and they hear and traces it.
Potter spots the pack radio, but Mary grabs it and locks themselves in the armored truck, still broadcasting, leading Tiny to the track leading into the cave. The gang try to open the truck with a cutting torch, but the Feds arrive in time to save Mary. Haines embraces her, and puts them on the air to tell them story, but they tell the audience to read it in the Star.
Cast
Lee Tracy as Eddie Haines
Diana Gibson as Mary Bradley
Donald Meek as Potter
Paul Guilfoyle as Art Martin
Philip Huston as Bennett
Frank M. Thomas as Naylor
Tom Kennedy as Tiny
Doodles Weaver as Duggan
Ralph Robertson as Announcer
Art Thalasso as Bartender
Edith Craig as Bennett's secretary
(Cast list as per AFI film database)
Reception
Harrison's Reports gave the film a mostly positive review. Although they felt the story was a bit "farfetched", they thought the film was well-paced, with plenty of excitement, and an appropriate amount of humor interspersed throughout. The Film Daily gave it a positive review, referring to it as an exciting thriller, and especially lauding the performance of Tracy, calling them "effervescent and dynamic". They also praised Gibson and Meek's performances, as well as Rosson's direction. Modern Screen gave it a less enthusiastic review, rating it at 2 out of 4 stars. They thought it was a run of the mill melodrama, only made worthwhile by the performances of Tracy and Gibson. They were also impressed with the acting of Meek, Hudson, Guilfoyle, and Kennedy. Motion Picture Daily was even less kind, calling the film's plot "far-fetched", and saying it was "just another film", good only as a second-feature. The Motion Picture Herald gave the film a very positive review, saying it "is fast-paced melodrama that never lets you down and builds to a most exciting climax." The Herald praised Tracy, and were particularly impressed with Gibson. They felt the weak point was casting Meek as the villain, although they felt they handled the role capably.
References
External links
RKO Pictures films
American drama films
1937 drama films
1937 films
American black-and-white films
Films about journalists
Films produced by Cliff Reid
Films directed by Richard Rosson
1930s American films
Ringgold is an unincorporated community in Pulaski County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Ringgold was established in 1914, and remained in operation until 1934. The community was named in honor of Samuel Ringgold, hero of Battle of Palo Alto in the U.S.-Mexican War.
References
Unincorporated communities in Pulaski County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Edvard Šoštarič (25 November 1941 – 1 September 2011) was a Yugoslav football referee from Slovenia.  They are best known for having been selected as one of 22 referees to officiate in the 1984 Olympics football tournament, where they supervised the group match between Morocco and Saudi Arabia played at the Rose Bowl stadium in Pasadena.
References
FIFA Profile
Obituary
1941 births
2011 deaths
Slovenian football referees
Place of birth missing
Yugoslav football referees
Olympic football referees
Troubridge Island is an island located in the south west corner of Gulf St Vincent in South Australia near the eastern edge of the Troubridge Shoals off the east coast of Yorke Peninsula about southeast by east of the town of Edithburgh It is notable for being a site of an operating lighthouse from 1856 until 2002 and as a site for a seabird rookery. Since 1982, the island has been part of the Troubridge Island Conservation Park.
Description
Troubridge Island is located approximately southeast by east of the town of Edithburgh near the eastern edge of the Troubridge Shoals. It is a ‘crest of sand' which is permanently above high tide and which is stabilised by the presence of vegetation. At high water, the Island had an area of and a height of as of 1996. At low water, its intertidal zone extends for at least from its high watermark. The island is most accessible at high tide, when there is sufficient water over the intertidal zone to allow a boat reach the permanently dry land. Since 1988, access to the island has been restricted to these with permits provided by the Department of Environment, Water and Natural Resources.
Flora and fauna
Flora
Most of the 31 plant species recorded from the island are introduced. The vegetation consists of low shrubland dominated by nitre bush, grey saltbush and African boxthorn. Other prominent plants present are tree mallow, sea rocket, marram grass and hairy spinifex.
Fauna
Fauna on Troubridge Island is represented by both birds and reptiles. As of 2009, almost 60 native bird species have been recorded including 21 species of conservation significance and 22 species listed as migratory. Dominant species include black-faced cormorants, Caspian terns, crested terns and fairy terns, Pacific gulls, little penguins, pied cormorants and silver gulls.
As of 1996, starlings, an introduced species, is reported as having a population of 10,000 and was "competing with native species for roosting sites and fouling the keepers' cottages." The following reptile species have been recorded on Troubridge Island: marbled geckos and sleepy lizards.
Little penguin colony
Troubridge Island's little penguin colony was approximately 3000-5000 birds during the 1980s. In 2009, its population was estimated to be 3010 breeding adults. In 2011, the colony was believed to be stable. A census conducted in 2013 estimated a total population of 270 breeding adults, showing a severe and unexplained decline.
History
European discovery and use
Matthew Flinders discovered the Troubridge Shoals on 1 April 1802, however they did not report the existence of the island.
A lighthouse known as the Troubridge Island Lighthouse was erected on the island as a means to reduce shipping losses caused by the strandings on the Troubridge Shoals. It was first lit in 1856. It was converted to automatic operation in 1981 and its role as a navigation aid was taken over progressively from 1980 by a new lighthouse located on Troubridge Hill on Yorke Peninsula to the west of Troubridge Island. It was decommissioned in 2001.
In 1981, the island was sold to the South Australian Government who proceeded with the establishment of the Troubridge Island Conservation Park. The land associated with the lighthouse being leased by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA). In 1993, the lease was transferred to the South Australian Government for the remainder of its term.
Troubridge Shoals
Troubridge Island is part of Troubridge Shoals which extend across to Yorke Peninsula and constitutes a hazard to shipping. Troubridge Shoals has been the cause of over 33 wrecks and groundings. During the period October 1849 to May 1850, at least seven vessels ran aground. precipitating the erection of a lighthouse in 1855.
When the Parsee was wrecked on the shoals on 13 November 1838 the survivors landed at the adjacent Troubridge Island.
Marion Reef, south of Troubridge Island, was named for the Marion, which ran aground in 1851 as did many others, has been (incorrectly) identified as part of Troubridge Shoals.
Protected areas status
Statutory
Troubridge Island has been part of the Troubridge Island Conservation Park since 1982. In 1986, the park was extended for a distance about around the island to cover most of the sandbar of which the island is part. Since 2012, the island has been located within the boundaries of the Lower Yorke Peninsula Marine Park.
Non-statutory
The island (and some of the adjoining sandbar exposed at low tide) has been nominated as an Important Bird Area (IBA) known as the Troubridge Island Important Bird Area by BirdLife International. The basis for the nomination is that the IBA supports over 1% of the world populations of both black-faced cormorants (with up to 4000 individuals) and silver gulls (with up to 10,000 breeding pairs) as well as supporting "significant numbers of the vulnerable Fairy Tern".
See also
List of islands of Australia
List of little penguin colonies
Citations and references
Citations
References
External links
Troubridge Island Conservation Park
Islands of South Australia
Gulf St Vincent
Penguin colonies
Our Lady of Perpetual Help Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Quaker Hill, Connecticut, United States.
Founded in 1904, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Norwich. Originally located in New London, the congregation built their first church on Huntington Street in that city in 1915, designed by New London architect James Sweeney. The building was designed in the Gothic Revival style. When planned expansion of Interstate 95 threatened the church building in the 1970s, the congregation moved to their current building in Quaker Hill in 1973.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Our Lady of Perpetual Help - Diocesan information
Our Lady of Perpetual Help - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Norwich
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Norwich
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Waterford, Connecticut
Churches in New London County, Connecticut
Allocasuarina zephyrea, commonly known as the western scrub sheoak, is a shrub of the genus Allocasuarina native to Tasmania.
The shrub typically grows to a height of . It flowers throughout the year producing flowers that are red tufts of stigma and later forming nut-like fruit. The plant will grow in sandy soils and is found among coastal vegetation or in heath throughout Tasmania from Burnie in the north, through the Central Highlands to Huon Valley in the south.
The species was first formally described by the botanist Lawrence Alexander Sidney Johnson in Published in 1989 in the work Casuarinaceae. Flora of Australia.
References
External links
Occurrence data for Allocasuarina zephyrea from The Australasian Virtual Herbarium
Flora of Tasmania Key to the Casuarinaceae (of Tasmania)
zephyrea
Flora of Tasmania
Fagales of Australia
Plants described in 1989
This is a list of past cabinets in Malawi that preceded the current cabinet of Malawi.
Cabinet of 2014
Cabinet as of September 8, 2011
On 19 August 2011, President Bingu wa Mutharika sacked their 42-member cabinet and took over all portfolios until further notice.
They announced a new trimmed down cabinet on September 7, 2011, which was to be sworn in on September 8, 2011.
Cabinet as of 19 August 2011
On 19 August 2011, President Bingu wa Mutharika sacked their 42-member cabinet and took over all portfolios until further notice.
Vice President Joyce Banda constitutionally remained the country's vice president, although they were expelled from the ruling Democratic Progressive Party in December 2010 (See DPP Party cabinet).
Cabinet as of 9 August 2010
The cabinet announced on 9 August 2010 was as follows:
Cabinet as of 15 June 2009
The cabinet that became effective on 15 June 2009 was:
Cabinet as of November 2007
Key ministers as of November 2007 were:
Cabinet as of February 2005
The cabinet that became effective in February 2005 was:
Cabinet as of June 2004
The cabinet that became effective in June 2004 was:
References
Cabinet of Malawi
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Walhain. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Walhain
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Walhain
Walhain
James William "Blue Dean" Everett (July 4, 1908 – May 3, 1996) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues. They played with the Lincoln Giants in 1929 and the Newark Eagles in 1936 and 1940.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Newark Eagles players
Lincoln Giants players
1908 births
1996 deaths
Baseball players from Florida
People from Jacksonville, Florida
Baseball pitchers
20th-century African-American sportspeople
EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp is an American football-based fitness video game developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports for the Nintendo Wii. The game was released on the same day as EA Sports Active 2.
The game has the National Football League license, which allows players to work out with any team and player of their choice in a training camp environment.
Gameplay
In NFL Training Camp, players perform various drills that are commonly performed in the NFL Scouting Combine, such as the 40-yard dash. At the end of every drill, a graph displays how many calories the player burned, as well as the player's median heart rate. Players are rewarded with points and achievements for their performance. The player may also participate in the NFL Combine 60-Day Challenge, which lets players work for four days per week for 60 days in the drills performed in the Combine. Points and achievements earned by the player can be compared to other people who have played on the console, as well as people on the player's friend list. The game also has set up public groups for players to join, and players can contribute their stats to their team.
The game was developed with the collaboration of various NFL strength and conditioning coaches. The game is compatible with the Wii Balance Board. Unlike the past two games, NFL Training Camp has "Total Body Tracking", which uses a heart monitor to measure the player's heart rate during play, along with a wireless motion tracker which goes on the leg, while the heart rate monitor goes on the arm, unlike the other games, which makes use of a leg pouch and the Nunchuck.
The game's online compatibility is used by plugging a USB flash drive into the back of the console, and progress that the player makes in the game is automatically recorded and posted on the player's online profile. EA discontinued the game's online service on April 13, 2012.
Reception
Operation Sports gave the game a 7.5/10, praising the drills, workouts, and equipment, but criticized the feedback and motion problems.
References
External links
EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp Nintendo
EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp at NFL.com
ES Sports Active NFL Training Camp at IGN
2010 video games
EA Sports games
Electronic Arts games
Fitness games
Video games developed in Canada
Wii games
Wii-only games
Wii Balance Board games
National Football League video games
Meluin de Leon (born 26 December 1968) is a Dominican Republic boxer. They competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Dominican Republic male boxers
Olympic boxers of the Dominican Republic
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
Love in the dock (Arabic: حب في قفص الاتهام, Hob Fi Kafas El Itiham) is an Algerian television soap opera directed by Bachir Sellami. Broadcast from 18 June to 16 July 2015, the show aired on the channel A3 on Télévision Algérienne. The show aired during Ramadan, the month of fasting and religious observance in Islam.
Premise
The series follows Yasmine, a young woman from a respectable, conservative Algerian family. Yasmine travels to the United States to complete their education, but ends up marrying a member of the Algerian American community and becomes pregnant. They return to Algeria, hiding their marriage and pregnancy from their family.
Cast
Sara Lalama as Yasmine, (2015)
Amel Himer as Zainab, Yasmine's mother (2015)
Mohamed Adjaimi as Hussein, Yasmine's father (2015)
Bahia Rachedi
Ammar ?
Sikritir Mimouni as Tariq
Mustapha Laribi
Abdel Nour Ba'omar as Riad
Louisa Arpag
Vezah Tokorta
Nawal Fayza
Noureddine Boussouf
Jamal Awan
Zakaria bin Mohammed
Amal Hanifa
Suha Oolhy
Release
The show was released on 18 June 2015 on the channel A3.
References
2010s Algerian television series
2015 Algerian television series debuts
2015 Algerian television series endings
Arabic-language television shows
Television series about families
Television series about marriage
Television shows filmed in Algeria
2010s television soap operas
Hollywood High is a 1977 American sex comedy film. The film is generally regarded as being of very low quality, with one retrospective review calling it "a shockingly inept piece of teen sexploitation" and remarking, "Even for a dubious genre like this, this movie reaches a level of badness that would make even the most jaded exploitation filmmakers pause, and subsequently resolve never to reach such a low point. Practically every department in this movie - acting, writing, directing, etc. - is at the very bottom of the barrel." Despite its poor reception, the movie had an unofficial sequel, Hollywood High Part 2, in 1981, which was likewise panned.
Unrelated series pilot
Turner Classic Movies notes the existence of an unrelated 30-minute television pilot, also debuting in 1977, for a prospective series.
Notes
External links
Hollywood High Part 2 at Internet Movie Database
Films set in Los Angeles
1977 films
American sex comedy films
1970s English-language films
1970s sex comedy films
American teen comedy films
1970s high school films
1977 comedy films
1970s American films
Parliamentary elections were held in Egypt in January 1945. Boycotted by the Wafd Party, they resulted in a victory for the Saadist Institutional Party, which won 125 of the 264 seats.
Results
References
Egypt
Elections in Egypt
1945 in Egypt
January 1945 events in Africa
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Tomáš Dvořák, known professionally as Floex, is a contemporary Czech composer, clarinetist, producer, DJ, and multimedia artist.  They are best known for their work with indie game studio Amanita Design.
Dvořák released their debut album Pocustone in 2001 under the moniker Floex, which is a combination of the words "float" and "experiment". Their work came to wider recognition, however, after composing the soundtrack for Amanita Design's award-winning adventure game Machinarium, as well as the Samorost series.
Biography
Dvořák started playing clarinet at a young age and went on to study at the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague and in the studio of Michael Bielický. They first recorded electronic music in 1996 and released Pocustone in 2001 to critical acclaim.
During the early 2000s, they created several live multimedia art installations including RGB.
They also began their collaboration with Amanita Design, starting with Samorost 2 in 2006. Their next game, Machinarium (2008) was met with wide acclaim and their score won PC Gamer's Best Soundtrack award for that year. They next released the EP Gone in 2013, featuring a collaboration with Hidden Orchestra.
Their second full-length album, Zorya, was released in 2011. It received two Anděl awards and was nominated for several others. Their third collaboration with Amanita Design, the ambitious Samorost 3, was also released in 2016. Their latest album, A Portrait of John Doe (2018), a collaboration with Tom Hodge and the Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra, fuses modern classical music with avant-garde electronica.
Awards and nominations
Pocustone
Anděl award (2001)
European Quartz Award (nominated) (2001)
Machinarium soundtrack
PC Gamer - Best Soundtrack (2009)
Zorya
Vinyla award (nominated) (2011)
Apollo award (nominated) (2011)
Anděl awards - Best Electronic Album and Best Alternative Album (2011)
Discography
As Floex
Pocustone (2001)
Zorya (2011)
Gone EP (2013)
A Portrait of John Doe (with Tom Hodge) (2018)
Je suis Karl soundtrack (with Tom Hodge) (2021)
With Amanita Design
Samorost 2 soundtrack (2006)
Machinarium soundtrack (2009)
Machinarium Bonus EP (2009)
Samorost 3 Pre-Remixes EP (2015)
Samorost 3 soundtrack (2016)
Machinarium Remixed (2019)
Other works
Interactive media
RGB (2002-2008)
Archifon (with Initi) (2011–present)
Netykavka (with Initi) (2016–present)
Theatre
Don't Stop (2018)
References
1978 births
Living people
Czech composers
Czech male composers
Clarinetists
21st-century clarinetists
21st-century Czech male musicians
Thomas Jefferson Jackson (T. J. J.) See (February 19, 1866 – July 4, 1962) was an American astronomer whose promulgated theories in astronomy and physics were eventually disproven. Their educational and professional career were dogged by plagiarism and conflict, including their attacks on relativity. They were fired from their position at two observatories, eventually serving out their professional years at a naval shipyard in California.
Early life
See was born near Montgomery City, Missouri. They attended the University of Missouri, graduating in 1889 with an undergraduate career that was outwardly stellar. See achieved honors distinction in nearly every subject, became their class valedictorian and was the recipient of the Laws Astronomical Medal for an original thesis on an astronomical subject. However, their speech "The Spirit of the Age" was a plagiarized version of an earlier speech given by another student, and their "original thesis" for the Laws Astronomical Medal was claimed to be original work but was just from prior work by Sir George Darwin. See was also a critical player in the academic insurgency aimed at ousting university president Samuel Laws (in favor of See's mentor William Benjamin Smith). This plagiarism and bitter in-fighting "set the scene for a career perhaps unrivalled as an example of wasted talent". Nevertheless, with the outwardly strong credentials, See went to the University of Berlin where they received a PhD in mathematics in 1892. With a European doctorate, See returned to America with enviable credentials and a career of great promise.
Scientific work
See specialized in the study of binary stars, particularly in determining their orbits. See initially found work at the University of Chicago, where they worked as an instructor under George Ellery Hale. See left Chicago in 1896 after failing to receive a promotion. They next worked at Lowell Observatory until they were fired in 1898 for their arrogant attitude towards the staff. See's arrogance and overconfidence caused problems throughout their career, in both professional relationships and erroneous scientific results arising from carelessness. After their dismissal from Lowell, See joined the staff of the United States Naval Observatory in 1898.
It was at the Naval Observatory that some of See's previous work, and their arrogance, led to their downfall. Several years earlier, in 1895, while studying the well known binary star 70 Ophiuchi at the University of Chicago (and from a few observations made at the Leander McCormick Observatory of the University of Virginia during a visit in April 1895), See believed they had found small anomalies in the motion of one of the stars suggesting a third object was present and its gravitational influence was affecting the motion of the star (William Stephen Jacob had mentioned this possibility in an earlier study in 1855). See's results were published in the Astronomical Journal. In 1899, Forest R. Moulton analyzed this proposed triple system and demonstrated convincingly that it would be unstable, and therefore very unlikely to actually exist (Moulton also pointed out that an orbit not requiring an unseen companion had been put forth by Eric Doolittle). See took great offense and wrote an abusive letter to the Astronomical Journal. An edited version was published and they were banned from future publication in the Astronomical Journal. See found themselves increasingly at odds with other astronomers, and eventually suffered a breakdown in 1902. They spent one semester teaching at the United States Naval Academy, but was then transferred to a naval shipyard at Mare Island, California in charge of the time station, until their retirement in 1930.
In 1910 they published a 700+ page work entitled Researches on the Evolution of the Stellar Systems, Vol. II, The Capture Theory of Cosmical Evolution. In this work they describe their task to "brush aside the erroneous doctrines heretofore current, as one would the accumulated dust and cobwebs of ages".
In 1913 William Larkin Webb published a Brief Biography and Popular Account of the Unparalleled Discoveries of T. J. J. See. Webb was a newspaper publisher and amateur astronomer, and a long-time admirer of See, a fellow Missourian. The book, which many regarded to have been written by See himself, essentially destroyed any remaining credibility they had in the astronomical community. The Nation published a review of the book poking fun at its extraordinary hyperbole, which included such material as: "The infant See, we are told, first saw the light on the 393rd anniversary of Copernicus's birth, ...[and] showed themselves "every inch a natural philosopher" by speculating on the origins of the sun, moon and stars at the age of two, never so much as dreaming that they should grow into a little boy with "methodical methods", and one day become "the greatest astronomer in the world"."
See is notorious as the primary modern proponent of the idea that various ancient observers report the color of the bright star Sirius to be red as a result of stellar evolution. The Red-Sirius controversy arises because modern observations show that Sirius is white in color, and the very strong realization from modern astronomers that a reddish color for Sirius in antiquity is essentially impossible by any mechanism of astrophysics. See published six papers from 1892 to 1926 on the topic, making shrill attacks on critics, and ignoring the substantial numbers of texts from antiquity that described Sirius as blue or white in color. See's obsession with what is now considered as a fringe area (whose solution involves only cultural allusions) only served to further distance the maverick from mainstream astronomy.
See spent the years at Mare Island pursuing fame as a discoverer of the laws of nature, issuing a series of publications on the origin of the solar system, the size of the Milky Way and the cause of sunspots and earthquakes. They also wrote a series of articles about the Aether, which eventually totalled nearly 300 pages, and served as the framework for their theory of everything, in which all forces were transmitted as aetheric waves.
They also engaged in vitriolic attacks against Einstein and their theory of relativity, which Einstein essentially ignored. The scientific community also ignored See's criticisms of relativity.
See's numerous papers are in the collection of the Library of Congress.
Selected writings
See, T. J. J. 1896, "Researches on the evolution of the stellar systems: v. 1. On the universality of the law of gravitation and on the orbits and general characteristics of binary stars." T.P. Nichols (Lynn, Mass.)
See, T. J. J. 1910, "Researches on the evolution of the stellar systems: v. 2. The capture theory of cosmical evolution, founded on dynamical principles and illustrated by phenomena observed in the spiral nebulae, the planetary system, the double and multiple stars and clusters and the star-clouds of the Milky Way." T.P. Nichols (Lynn, Mass.)
See, T. J. J. 1920, Astronomische Nachrichten, 211, 49: "New Theory of the Aether"
See, T. J. J. 1917, Electrodynamic Wave-Theory of Physical Forces, vol. I
See, T. J. J. 1922, Electrodynamic Wave-Theory of Physical Forces, vol. II
See, T. J. J. 1925, Naval Observatory, Researches in Non-Euclidian Geometry and the Theory of Relativity: A Systematic Study of Twenty Fallacies in the Geometry of Riemann, Including the So-called Curvature of Space and Radius of World Curvature, and of Eighty Errors in the Physical Theories of Einstein and Eddington, Showing the Complete Collapse of the Theory of Relativity
References
Further reading
Webb, William Larkin, 1913 "Brief Biography and Popular Account of the Unparalleled Discoveries of T. J. J. See" T.P. Nichols & Son (Lynn, Mass.)
"Professor See", review of Brief Biography and Popular Account of the Unparalleled Discoveries of T.J.J. See, The Nation, xcviii, 1914, pp 307–308
"Capt. T. J. J. See, Astronomer, 96: Co-Founder of Observatory Dies – Disputed Einstein" The New York Times, July 5, 1962, p 22
Obituary, Physics Today, volume 15(8), (August 1962) page 80
"The Sage of Mare Island" from The Astronomical Scrapbook, Joseph Ashbrook, 1984, Cambridge University Press, pp. 111–115. (See also Sky & Telescope, October 1962, page 193)
External links
Portrait of Thomas Jefferson Jackson from the Lick Observatory Records Digital Archive, UC Santa Cruz Library's Digital Collections
1866 births
1962 deaths
American astronomers
University of Missouri alumni
Physicists from Missouri
Scientists from Missouri
People from Montgomery City, Missouri
People involved in plagiarism controversies
Relativity critics
Hyperalgesia is the second full-length studio album by American alternative rock band Victorian Halls. The album, that contains 11-tracks, was recorded in Gossip Studios, Chicago, produced by Sean Lenart, then mixed at legendary Sunset Sound Recorders in Hollywood, California, with help of renowned music producer and mixer Joe Chiccarelli, who has in the past produced dozens of albums for well-known acts and singers (such as Frank Zappa's Joe's Garage) and released in May 2015. The band produced the music video to the song Scarlets from the album in June 2016 and then promoted the material from their new release on their “All My Friends Are Dead” US-wide Tour
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Victorian Halls albums
Victory Records albums
Orange Mound Spring is one of the several hot springs in Yellowstone National Park. The name comes from its dark orange appearance caused by orange cyanobacteria living on the travertine, the rock that it is made of. The Orange Mound Spring is part of the Mammoth Hot Springs area of the park. The Orange Mound Spring is arguably most notable for its prominence above the ground, compared to the rest of the Mammoth Hot Springs, which are mostly flat and leveled terraces.
Flow, age and color
The Orange Mound Spring is thermally cooler (~170˚F) than most springs in Yellowstone and at the Mammoth Hot Springs themselves, allowing the orange-tinted cyanobacteria to thrive and color the spring a darker shade of orange than the rest of the Mammoth Terraces. Depending on the nutrients that the bacteria receive, the color may change throughout the year.
The Spring is said to be very old due to the shape and size of the mound as well as how little water flows out of the spring itself. It has created other nearby cone-shaped springs from itself due to the travertine deposits wearing away.
Often in the Mammoth Hot Springs, flow will turn on and off, so on some days it may have no flow at all, and others it may have a lot.
References
Yellowstone National Park
Geysers of Wyoming
Yellowstone Caldera
Geothermal features of Yellowstone National Park
Geothermal features of Park County, Wyoming
Landforms of Park County, Wyoming
Alexander Valentino "Tino" Acebo (September 5, 1927 – April 11, 2019) was an American politician who served for over 20 years as Vermont State Auditor.
Biography
Alexander Valentino Acebo was born in Barre, Vermont on September 5, 1927. Their parents, Fermin Acebo and Lorraine Elvira (Lastra) Acebo, were natives of Spain who immigrated to Vermont. They were educated in Barre and graduated from Spaulding High School in 1946, where they played baseball, basketball, and football.
Acebo served in the United States Army beginning in 1946, including a posting to Japan during the post-World War II occupation. They attained the rank of Staff Sergeant in the Finance Corps, and was discharged in 1949.
In 1952 Acebo graduated from Bryant College in Providence, Rhode Island, receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration. After graduating, Acebo was employed as an accountant at Modern Printing Company in Barre. Active in local civic affairs, Acebo served as a member of the Barre City School Board, including time as the board's chairperson.
Acebo began work in the State Auditor's office in 1961. They were serving as chief staff auditor in 1970 when incumbent Robert T. King died in office. Maurice T. Keefe, the Deputy State Auditor, declined Governor Deane Davis's appointment to the State Auditor's position. Davis then offered it to Acebo, who accepted. (Keefe continued to serve as Acebo's Deputy.) Acebo was also selected by the Vermont Republican Party as its nominee for Auditor in the 1970 election.
In November, 1970 Acebo was elected to a full term. They won reelection every two years until 1990, and served from September 1970 to January 1993. They did not run for reelection in 1992.
Retirement and death
In retirement Acebo relocated to Wells Beach, Maine. Acebo died in Wells, Maine on April 11, 2019. They were interred at Hope Cemetery in Barre.
Family
In 1950, Acebo married Lorraine Nancy Sauter of Madison, Connecticut. They were the parents of three children, Wendy, Lynn Anne, and Mollie, and divorced in 1974. Later that month, Acebo married Helen (Morrie) Franco (1928-2003). They divorced in 1982, and in 1987, Acebo married Donna K. Murray. They divorced in 1997.
Notes
References
External links
1927 births
2019 deaths
Bryant University alumni
United States Army non-commissioned officers
Vermont Republicans
School board members in Vermont
State Auditors of Vermont
People from Barre, Vermont
People from Wells, Maine
Military personnel from Vermont
Burials in Vermont
American politicians of Spanish descent
The 1994 Bexley Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
Teresa de Cartagena (Burgos, c.1425–?) was a Spanish writer, mystic and nun who is considered to be the first Spanish female writer and mystic. They became deaf between 1453 and 1459. Them experience of deafness influenced their two known works Arboleda de los enfermos (Grove of the Infirm) and Admiraçión operum Dey (Wonder at the Works of God). The latter work represents what many critics consider as the first feminist tract written by a Spanish woman.
Few documents exist regarding Teresa's life. In Francisco Cantera Burgos's history of the Santa María family, the author confirms Teresa's identity as a conversa (a Christian of Spanish Jewish heritage) and as a member of the Santa María-Cartagena family, the most powerful converso family in late-medieval Spain. Them grandfather, Rabbi Shlomo ha-Levi, converted to Christianity around 1390 and was baptized as Pablo de Santa María, becoming bishop of Burgos in 1412.
Cantera Burgos discovered that Teresa was the daughter of Pedro de Cartagena after finding them named in the will of a later bishop of Burgos, Alonso de Cartagena, Pedro's brother and Teresa's uncle. Before becoming deaf, Teresa entered the Franciscan Monasterio de Santa Clara in Burgos around 1440. Later, in 1449, they transferred to the Cistercian Monasterio de Las Huelgas in Burgos, where they became deaf. The transfer likely occurred, as Dayle Seidenspinner-Núñez and Yonsoo Kim point out, because of family political strategy and hostility of the Franciscans, who rejected conversos.
Teresa wrote their first work Arboleda de los enfermos expressing the solitude of their deafness. Approximately one to two years later, they penned a defense of their first work, called Admiraçión operum Dey, after mostly male critics claimed that a woman could not have possibly been the author of such an eloquent and well-reasoned work. Both of their writings have come down to modern readers through a single manuscript completed by the copyist Pero López del Trigo in 1481.
Important as Spain's first feminist writer, Teresa also contributed to an overall European canon of medieval feminist authors including Hildegard von Bingen and Christine de Pizan. Both Arboleda and Admiraçión are semi-autobiographical works that provide an authentic written voice of a medieval woman, a true rarity among surviving works of the Middle Ages.
Arboleda de los enfermos
Teresa's first work examines the effect of their deafness on their life and its spiritual development. After being devastated by the initial onset of the illness, Teresa meditates in the silent prison of their deafness and ultimately concludes that God has afflicted them in order to separate them from the distractions of everyday noise. After much reflection in the prison of echoing sounds within the cloisters of their ears, Teresa reasons that their soul would have been purer if they had never been exposed to speech at all, which makes one turn to the outside material world and forget the inner spiritual world.
The copyist, Pero López, indicates that their work was addressed to Juana de Mendoza, wife of Gómez Manrique, a poet and prominent political figure of the time, but within Arboleda, they address a "virtuosa señora" (virtuous lady), who may be Juana de Mendoza, suggesting a female audience at large. In contrast, the genre Teresa employs, the libro de consolaciones (book of consolations), was primarily authored by men and addressed a male audience. In order to humble themselves strategically before male readers, the author reiterates the weakness of their intellect or "la baxeza e grosería de mi mugeril yngenio" [the lowliness and grossness of my womanly intellect].
Admiraçión operum Dey
Despite their strategies to disarm the male reader in Arboleda, men still rejected Teresa's work as plagiarized. In response to this male criticism, they compose Admiraçión operum Dey, making the argument that if God created men who could write, they could just as well have created women who could write, and while men have been writing for centuries, it does not make it any more natural for them to write but rather it seems natural because men have been writing for such a long time. In addition, simply because women have not traditionally written like men, it does not mean that female writing is any less natural.
Cleverly, Teresa argues that if God bestows a gift upon men then they can just as well bestow the same gift upon women. The following passage illustrates how Teresa viewed their relationship with God and the authorship of their writing:People marvel at what I wrote in the treatise and I marvel at what, in fact, I kept quiet, but I do not marvel doubting nor do I insist on my wonder. For my experience makes me sure, and the God of Truth knows that I had no other master nor consulted with any other learned authority nor translated from other books, as some people with malicious wonder are wont to say. Rather, this alone is the truth: that God of all knowledge, Lord of all virtues, Father of mercy, God of every consolation, They who consoles us in all our tribulation, They alone consoled me, They alone taught me, They alone read (to) me. They inclined Their ear to me when I, besieged with great anguish and adrift in a deep sea of misfortunes, called upon Him with the Prophet, saying, “Save me, O God: for the waters are come in even unto my soul” [Psalm 68:2]. (Translation from Seidenspinner-Núñez, 102-3)
Ultimately, Teresa concludes that the criticisms of their opponents call into question God's authority to distribute gifts and consequently offends him. The "virtuosa señora" addressed in the second work as in the first acts as the female addressee or reader who sympathizes with Teresa's concerns. To illustrate their points further, the author makes use of imagery and allusions to Biblical women. For example, they allude to the Biblical story of the powerful Judith, who kills Holofernes after a whole army of men could not perform the task. Teresa also expounds upon the virtue of the interior life of the housewife.
According to Teresa, the tranquil and spiritual interior world of the household, in contrast to the exterior warring world of men, constitutes a place for reflection and intellectual growth. While strategically noting that men and women are not equal in all capacities, Teresa also remarks that masculine and feminine roles complement each other because of their differences.
References
Cantera Burgos, Francisco. Alvar García de Santa María y su familia de conversos: Historia de la judería en Burgos y de sus conversos más egregios. Madrid: Instituto Arias Montano, 1952.
Seidenspinner-Núñez, Dayle. "Teresa de Cartagena," in Dictionary of Literary Biography, Volume 286: Castilian Writers, 1400-1500. Detroit: Gale, 2004. pp. 15–20.
Seidenspinner-Núñez, Dayle, and Yonsoo Kim. "Historicizing Teresa: Reflections on New Documents Regarding Sor Teresa de Cartagena." La corónica 32.2 (2004): 121–50.
Further reading
Serrano, Luciano. Los conversos D. Pablo de Santa María y D. Alfonso de Cartagena. (1942) Escuela de Estudios Hebraicos.
Editions
Cartagena, Teresa de. Arboleda de los enfermos. Admiración operum Dey. Ed. Lewis Joseph Hutton. Anejo 16 del Boletín de la Real Academia Española. Madrid: Real Academia Española, 1967.
Cartagena, Teresa de. The Writings of Teresa de Cartagena: Translated with Introduction, Notes, and Interpretive Essay. Trans. Dayle Seidenspinner-Núñez. Cambridge: D.S. Brewer, 1998.
Castro Ponce, Clara Esther. "Teresa de Cartagena. Arboleda de Los Enfermos. Admiraçión Operum Dey. Edición Crítica Singular." Diss. Brown U, 2001.
Gallego Fdez. de Aránguiz, Myriam: Teresa de Cartagena. Los tratados de una escritora burgalesa del siglo XV. Introducción y edición modernizada de Arboleda de los enfermos y Admiración de las obras de Dios, Burgos, Monte Carmelo, 2020, .
Baury, Ghislain: Thérèse de Carthagène : Bosquet des malades. Admiration des œuvres de Dieu. Paroles et silence d'une femme dans la Castille du XVe siècle, París, e-Spania Books, 2021, , read online.
1420s births
Year of death missing
15th-century Castilians
15th-century Spanish women writers
15th-century Spanish writers
15th-century Christian mystics
Spanish people of Jewish descent
Conversos
Spanish feminist writers
Roman Catholic mystics
Spanish spiritual writers
Deaf writers
Deaf people from Spain
Early modern Christian devotional writers
15th-century Spanish nuns
Women religious writers
John Henry Davis (born August 22, 1965 in Ellijay, Georgia) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League, mainly for the Buffalo Bills. They played in Super Bowl XXV, Super Bowl XXVII, and Super Bowl XXVIII. They were also with the Bills for Super Bowl XXVI, but did not play in the game due to a knee injury.
High school
Davis graduated from Gilmer High School in Gilmer County, Georgia in 1983. Davis was a four-year letterman in football and awarded Gilmer High School's best defensive player in 1981 and served as the team captain in 1982. In basketball, they received the best defensive player their sophomore year, was the leading scorer, leading rebounder, and most valuable player their junior year. In 1982, they were selected as the Georgia High School Association AA Lineman of the Year, and First-team All-State selection in football and basketball.
College
Davis attended the Georgia Institute of Technology, where they were a four-year starter on the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team. In 1983, they were selected to the Freshman All-American Football Team. They were awarded the Sports Illustrated National Offensive Player of the Week for their play in a victory over Clemson and earned a tag as "The Refrigerator Mover" for their outstanding performance against All-American William "The Refrigerator" Perry.
In 1985, they were selected as an All-American at lineman by The Sporting News and was awarded the Atlanta Athletic Club Southeastern Lineman of the Year. In their senior season in 1986, Davis was an All-ACC selection and Scripps-Howard All-American. Following their final season at Georgia Tech, they were selected to play in the Blue–Gray Football Classic and Japan Bowl All-Star Games. Davis was inducted into the Georgia Tech Athletics Hall of Fame in 1991.
Professional career
Their pro football career began when they were drafted by the Houston Oilers in the 1987 NFL Draft. They played for the Oilers from 1987 to 1989, and then went on to play for the Buffalo Bills from 1989 to 1994. Davis was a member of four Super Bowl teams with Buffalo before retiring in 1994. They started at right guard in Super Bowl XXV, missed Super Bowl XXVI due to a knee injury, played in Super Bowl XXVII, and started at left guard in Super Bowl XXVIII. They were awarded the NFL's Ed Block Courage Award in 1993 – this award is given "to honor one player from each NFL team who, in the eyes of their teammates, exemplified a commitment to sportsmanship and courage".
Outside Football
Davis founded the John Davis Georgia Mountains Hospice Golf Classic which benefits North Georgia patients with hospice care.
References
1965 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
Buffalo Bills players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
Houston Oilers players
People from Gilmer County, Georgia
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Schedule K is a geographic coding scheme originally developed by the United States Maritime Administration and currently maintained by the United States Army Corps of Engineers to identify seaports handling waterborne shipments involved with foreign trade of the United States. The codes consist of five numeric digits and are primarily for electronic communications concerning U.S. Customs.
Code lists are maintained and published by the Waterborne Commerce Statistics Center division of the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
Each country's ports share a common three digit prefixes which is unique per country (with the exception of Canada which has 21 prefixes grouped by geographic region). For example all ports in the Denmark begin with 409, while the United Kingdom prefix is 412.
The system is organized such that the first digit roughly corresponds to a broad geographic region:
External links
Waterborne Commerce Statistics Center
US Customs & Border Patrol: Where can I find foreign port codes or Schedule K codes?
Automated Manifest Interface Requirements - Ocean ACE M1 Appendix F (February 2017)
References
Geocodes
United States v. Forty Barrels and Twenty Kegs of Coca-Cola, 241 U.S. 265 (1916), was a federal suit under which the government unsuccessfully attempted to force The Coca-Cola Company to remove caffeine from its product.
Context
In 1906, Harvey Washington Wiley was the head of the United States Department of Agriculture Bureau of Chemistry when Congress passed the Pure Food and Drug Act. The Bureau started prosecuting companies which were selling products with harmful components and companies which were making misleading claims about their products. In 1903, Coca-Cola had already started using spent coca leaves (which only carried trace amounts of cocaine) and had dropped the claim that it cured headaches. But to compensate, the company had increased the amount of caffeine, and Wiley believed that even small amounts of caffeine in beverages was harmful to people.
They were particularly worried that Coca-Cola was being consumed by children as young as 4 years old. So, in 1909, they ordered the seizure of 40 barrels and 20 kegs of a Coca-Cola shipment.
Claim
On March 13, 1911, the government initiated the case under the 1906 Pure Food and Drug Act. It tried to force The Coca-Cola Company to remove caffeine from the Coca-Cola formula, believing that the product was adulterated and misbranded.
"Adulterated": The allegation of adulteration was, in substance, that the product contained an added poisonous or added deleterious ingredient (namely, caffeine) which might render the product injurious to health. The government stated that the syrup, when diluted as directed, would result in a beverage containing 1.21 grains (or 78.4 mg) of caffeine per 8oz serving.
"Misbranded": It was alleged to be misbranded in that the name "Coca-Cola" was a representation of the presence of coca and cola but that the product "contained no coca and little if any cola" and thus was an "imitation" of these substances and was offered for sale under their "distinctive name". At that time, the labels had images of coca leaves and kola nuts.
Title
The case title—naming an object, "Forty Barrels and Twenty Kegs of Coca-Cola", as defendant—is an instance of jurisdiction in rem (jurisdiction against a thing). Rather than directly naming The Coca-Cola Company as defendant, the food itself was the subject of the case, with the company only indirectly subject. The barrels and kegs had been seized in 1909 by the government.
Decision
"Adulterated": The decision, delivered by Justice Hughes, states that the intent of the word "added" in the context of the Act did not exclude the ingredients of a formula "sold under some fanciful name which would be distinctive" if any were found deleterious and was included to protect natural foodstuffs from prosecution because of constituent poisons rendered inert in their natural state (such as fusel oil in liquor); furthermore, it states that the introduction of caffeine in the later stages of syrup production made it an "added ingredient" in any sense of the term and the removal of harmful ingredients, even if vital to the identity of the product, did not constitute adulteration.
"Misbranded": Of the misbranding charge, the Court held neither had the government proved that "Coca-Cola" was a descriptive name nor had the Coca-Cola Company proved it was not, making both of these assertions irrelevant. Thus the Court found that the issue of whether the product contained any coca or cola had not been settled.
"Details": The case was returned to the lower court for retrial to determine the remaining, factual matters; Justice McReynolds abstained.
Effect
In 1912, even though Coca-Cola had won the case, two bills were introduced to the U.S. House of Representatives to amend the Pure Food and Drug Act, adding caffeine to the list of "habit-forming" and "deleterious" substances, which must be listed on a product's label.
The government made a first appeal in 1913 to the Sixth Circuit Court in Cincinnati, but the ruling was reaffirmed. Worried that this ruling would debilitate the Pure Food and Drug Act, it appealed again in 1916 to the Supreme Court. This time it won, and it ruled among other things that the original case had evidence both for and against caffeine being toxic, and that it should have been dismissed by the judge before reaching the jury, and sent the case back to a lower court.
Coca-Cola then voluntarily reduced the amount of caffeine in its product, and offered to pay all legal costs to settle and avoid further litigation. The settlement was accepted because Wiley had already resigned in 1912, and no one at the FDA was interested in continuing the pressure against Coca-Cola.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 241
In rem jurisdiction
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
1916 in United States case law
Consumer protection case law
Coca-Cola litigation
United States civil forfeiture case law
Caffeine
United States in rem cases
Consumer protection in the United States
United States Supreme Court cases of the White Court
Imaging is the representation or reproduction of an object's form; especially a visual representation (i.e., the formation of an image).
Imaging technology is the application of materials and methods to create, preserve, or duplicate images.
Imaging science is a multidisciplinary field concerned with the generation, collection, duplication, analysis, modification, and visualization of images, including imaging things that the human eye cannot detect. As an evolving field it includes research and researchers from physics, mathematics, electrical engineering, computer vision, computer science, and perceptual psychology.
Imager are imaging sensors.
Imaging chain
The foundation of imaging science as a discipline is the "imaging chain" – a conceptual model describing all of the factors which must be considered when developing a system for creating visual renderings (images). In general, the links of the imaging chain include:
The human visual system. Designers must also consider the psychophysical processes which take place in human beings as they make sense of information received through the visual system.
The subject of the image. When developing an imaging system, designers must consider the observables associated with the subjects which will be imaged. These observables generally take the form of emitted or reflected energy, such as electromagnetic energy or mechanical energy.
The capture device. Once the observables associated with the subject are characterized, designers can then identify and integrate the technologies needed to capture those observables. For example, in the case of consumer digital cameras, those technologies include optics for collecting energy in the visible portion of the electromagnetic spectrum, and electronic detectors for converting the electromagnetic energy into an electronic signal.
The processor. For all digital imaging systems, the electronic signals produced by the capture device must be manipulated by an algorithm which formats the signals so they can be displayed as an image. In practice, there are often multiple processors involved in the creation of a digital image.
The display. The display takes the electronic signals which have been manipulated by the processor and renders them on some visual medium. Examples include paper (for printed, or "hard copy" images), television, computer monitor, or projector.
Note that some imaging scientists will include additional "links" in their description of the imaging chain. For example, some will include the "source" of the energy which "illuminates" or interacts with the subject of the image. Others will include storage and/or transmission systems.
Subfields
Subfields within imaging science include: image processing, computer vision, 3D computer graphics, animations, atmospheric optics, astronomical imaging, biological imaging, digital image restoration, digital imaging, color science, digital photography, holography, magnetic resonance imaging, medical imaging, microdensitometry, optics, photography, remote sensing, radar imaging, radiometry, silver halide, ultrasound imaging, photoacoustic imaging, thermal imaging, visual perception, and various printing technologies.
Methodologies
Acoustic imaging
Coherent imaging uses an active coherent illumination source, such as in radar, synthetic aperture radar (SAR), medical ultrasound and optical coherence tomography; non-coherent imaging systems include fluorescent microscopes, optical microscopes, and telescopes.
Chemical imaging, the simultaneous measurement of spectra and pictures
Digital imaging, creating digital images, generally by scanning or through digital photography
Disk image, a file which contains the exact content of a data storage medium
Document imaging, replicating documents commonly used in business
Geophysical imaging
Industrial process imaging
Medical imaging, creating images of the human body or parts of it, to diagnose or examine disease
Medical optical imaging
Magnetic resonance imaging
Molecular imaging
Radar imaging, or imaging radar, for obtaining an image of an object, not just its location and speed
Range imaging, for obtaining images with depth information
Reprography, reproduction of graphics through electrical and mechanical means
Cinematography
Photography, the process of creating still images
Xerography, the method of photocopying
Speckle imaging, a method of shift-and-add for astronomical imaging
Stereo imaging, an aspect of sound recording and reproduction concerning spatial locations of the performers
Thermography, infrared imaging
Tactile imaging, also known as elastography
Examples
Imaging technology materials and methods include:
Computer graphics
Virtual camera system used in computer and video games and virtual cinematography
Microfilm and Micrographics
Visual arts
Etching
Drawing and Technical drawing
Film
Painting
Photography
Multiple-camera setup enables stereoscopy and stereophotogrammetry
Light-field camera (basically refocusable photography)
Printmaking
Sculpture
Infrared
Radar imagery
Ultrasound
Multi-spectral image
Electro-optical sensor
Charge-coupled device
Ground-penetrating radar
Electron microscope
Imagery analysis
Medical radiography
Industrial radiography
LIDAR
Scanner
Structured-light 3D scanner
See also
Image development (disambiguation)
Image processing
Nonimaging optics
Society for Imaging Science and Technology
The Imaging Science Journal
References
Further reading
Harrison H. Barrett and Kyle J. Myers, Foundations of Image Science (John Wiley & Sons, 2004)
Ronald N. Bracewell, Fourier Analysis and Imaging (Kluwer Academic, 2003)
Roger L. Easton, Jr., Fourier Methods in Imaging (John Wiley & Sons, 2010) DOI 10.1002/9780470660102
Robert D. Fiete, Modeling the Imaging Chain of Digital Cameras (SPIE Press, 2010)
External links
Carlson Center for Imaging Science at RIT Research center that offers B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in Imaging Science.
The University of Arizona College of Optical Sciences offers an image science track for the M.S and Ph.D. degree in optical sciences.
Science de l'image et des médias numériques Bachelor of image science and digital media unique in Canada.
Image Sciences Institute, Utrecht, Netherlands Utrecht University Institute for Image Sciences - focuses on fundamental and applied research in specifically medical image processing and acquisition.
Vanderbilt University Institute of Imaging Science - dedicated to using imaging to improve health-care and for advancing knowledge in the biological sciences.
Mistaya Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia, on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918. Mistaya is either the Cree name for "grizzly bear" or is the Stoney word for "much wind".
Mistaya is an easyish, non-technical mountain with good views, especially to the north, north-west and south.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Mountains of Banff National Park
Canadian Rockies
Antha Rathirikku Satchi Illai () is a 1982 Indian Tamil-language film directed by R. Sundarrajan. The film introduced Kapil Dev. The film also had Sulakshana and Sivachandran.
Plot
Cast
Kapil Dev
Sulakshana
Sivachandran
Vanitha
Usha
S. S. Chandran
Senthil
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Shankar–Ganesh.
"Mani Osaiyum" – SPB, S. Janaki
"Sumaithangiye" – SPB
"Yaana Varadha" – Malaysia Vasudevan
"Ethirparthen" – SPB
References
External links
1980s Tamil-language films
1982 films
Films directed by R. Sundarrajan
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
was a Japanese novelist, playwright, politician and central committee member of the Japanese Communist Party from 1950 to 1951.
Takakura graduated from Kyoto Imperial University and was a left-wing thinker of the Kyoto School. They were arrested several times under the Public Security Preservation Laws prior to the Allied occupation of Japan. In 1945 they fled parole to attend a funeral and was arrested along with Miki Kiyoshi, who they had gone to for clothes and money. This would inevitably lead to Miki's death in prison. Takakura however, following their release at the hands of the Allied Occupation, went on to become a politician for the Japanese Communist Party in the early 1950s.
References
Sources
1891 births
1986 deaths
20th-century Japanese dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Japanese novelists
Japanese Communist Party politicians
Kyoto School
Kyoto University alumni
People from Kōchi Prefecture
Thomas Weisel Partners Group, Inc., also known as TWP or Weisel, is a U.S. growth focused investment banking firm headquartered in San Francisco, California.
The firm was launched in January 1999 by Thom Weisel and other personnel from the former Montgomery Securities. In 1997, Thom Weisel helped to orchestrate a $1.3 billion acquisition of Montgomery Securities by NationsBank. The following year, however, NationsBank acquired BankAmerica Corp, which itself had acquired Technology-based rival Robertson Stephens. A culture clash and fight for control ensued at the newly combined investment banking units of what is now known as Banc of America Securities. In the process, senior bankers from Montgomery Securities secured backing from the Silicon Valley Venture Capital community and left to form their own venture: Thomas Weisel Partners.
Thomas Weisel Partners, heavily focused on technology, prospered during the dot-com rise that peaked in its early years. The firm, however, hit turbulent times as technology saw a tremendous downturn. Bolstered by diversification into areas such as healthcare and consumer products, however, the firm survived and continued to operate independently. In search of additional capital, the firm made its debut on the NASDAQ on February 2, 2006 under the symbol TWPG.
Following its acquisition of Westwind Partners that closed on January 2, 2008, the firm now offers a broad coverage platform across technology, media, healthcare, consumer products, energy, mining, and real estate. Equity and Debt underwriting and Merger and Acquisition advisory operations are supplemented by Research, Trading, Brokerage, and Asset Management units as the firm operates a full-service investment bank. Various divisions operate out of San Francisco, New York, Toronto, London, Baltimore, Zurich, Calgary, Montreal, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Denver, and Portland.
In 2010, Thomas Weisel announced its acquisition by Stifel Financial.
References
Investment banks in the United States
1999 establishments in California
Banks established in 1999
Andrew Norman (born October 31, 1979) is an American composer of contemporary classical music whose texturally complex music is influenced by architecture and the visual arts. Their string trio The Companion Guide to Rome (2010), was a runner-up for the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Music. While composer-in-residence for the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, they first gained international attention for the orchestral work Play (2013), which was nominated for the 2016 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Classical Composition and won the 2017 Grawemeyer Award for Music Composition. They received another Grammy nomination for the orchestral work Sustain (2018), a commissioned from the Los Angeles Philharmonic. Other noted works include the fantasy for piano and orchestra Split (2015) and the opera A Trip to the Moon (2017). Since 2020, Norman has been on the composition faculty of the Juilliard School.
Biography
Norman studied composition at the University of Southern California and Yale University. Much of their music is influenced by architecture and visual arts, in which they have had a lifelong interest. They were composer-in-residence for the Boston Modern Orchestra Project from 2011 to 2013. Among their most notable works are the 2010 string trio The Companion Guide to Rome, the 2013 symphony Play, the 2015 fantasy for piano and orchestra Split, the 2017 opera A Trip to the Moon, and the 2018 orchestral work Sustain.
Their composition The Companion Guide to Rome (inspired by the guidebook of the same name written by Georgina Masson) was a runner-up for the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Music. A recording of Play by the Boston Modern Orchestra Project was named one of the best classical music recordings of 2015 by David Allen of The New York Times and nominated for the 2016 Grammy Award for Best Classical Contemporary Composition.
Norman won the 2017 Grawemeyer Award for Music Composition for Play, which the music writer Will Robin called "the best orchestral work that the 21st century has seen thus far". In reference to the prize, Norman said in an interview with NPR:
In 2018, the Los Angeles Philharmonic commissioned Norman to write Sustain for the beginning of their centennial season. Norman was a finalist for the 2019 Pulitzer Prize for Music for the work. In 2020, it won them a nomination for the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Classical Composition, and the Los Angeles Philharmonic won the Grammy Award for Best Orchestral Performance for their 2019 recording of the piece. They were a MacDowell Fellow in 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, and 2014.
Norman is currently on the composition faculty of the Juilliard School, and is serving as Carnegie Hall's Debs Composer's Chair for the 2020–2021 season. They were previously an Assistant Professor of Composition at the USC Thornton School of Music.
Andrew Norman is program director of the Nancy and Barry Sanders Youth Composer program at the Los Angeles Philharmonic, through which they teach composition for larger ensembles. Their works are published by Schott Music.
On October 31, 2020, 31 members of the Berlin Philharmoniker performed Norman's composition Sabina (arranged for string orchestra), described as "a sound painting full of iridescent reflections of light", at the Philharmonie in Berlin. The arrangement was commissioned by the Berlin Philharmoniker Foundation.
List of compositions
Opera
A Trip to the Moon, a Melodrama for Children (2017)
Chamber
Light Screens (2002) for flute and string trio
Farnsworth: Four Portraits of a House (2004) for four clarinets, flute, violin, piano, and percussion
Gran Turismo (2004) for violin octet
Garden of Follies (2006) for alto saxophone and piano
The Companion Guide to Rome (2010) for string trio
Try (2011) for large chamber ensemble
Peculiar Strokes (2011–2015) for string quartet
Music in Circles (2012) for flute, clarinet, trumpet, violin, viola, and cello
Mime Mime Mime (2015) for flute, clarinet, violin, cello, piano, and percussion
Frank's House (2015) for two pianos and two percussion
Orchestral
Sacred Geometry (2003)
Drip Blip Sparkle Spin Glint Glide Glow Float Flop Chop Pop Shatter Splash (2005)
Unstuck (2008)
The Great Swiftness (2010) for chamber orchestra
Apart (2011)
Play (2013, rev. 2016)
Suspend (2014) for solo piano and orchestra
Split (2015) for solo piano and orchestra
Switch (2015) for solo percussion and orchestra
Spiral (2018)
Sustain (2018)
Solo
Sabina (2008–09) for violin, viola, or cello
For Ashley (2016) for solo cello
Vocal
Lullaby (2007) for mezzo-soprano and piano
Don't Even Listen (2010)
References
External links
Official website
1979 births
21st-century American composers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century classical composers
21st-century LGBT people
American classical composers
American contemporary classical composers
American male classical composers
LGBT classical composers
LGBT musicians from the United States
Living people
Thornton School of Music alumni
Yale School of Music alumni
