Norasaphus monroeae is a species of asaphid trilobites named after Marilyn Monroe for its hourglass-like shaped glabellum. Its fossils are found in Arenig-aged marine strata from the Nora Formation, in the Georgina Basin, situated between the Northern Territory and Queensland, Australia.
See also
List of organisms named after famous people (born 1900–1949)
References
Asaphidae
Fossil taxa described in 1948
Marilyn Monroe
Coronation Drive, popularly known as Coro Drive, is a road in Brisbane, Queensland which connects the Central Business District to the suburb of Toowong. It follows the Brisbane River from the Riverside Expressway, through the suburbs of Milton and Auchenflower, until it terminates in Toowong at Benson Road and High Street.
Coronation Drive is six lanes wide for the majority of its length, with the Bicentennial Bike Path also for pedestrian and bicycle traffic. The road is one of the busiest in Brisbane, carrying an average of 75,560 vehicles per day between July and December 2014.
History
Coronation Drive started out as a rough track that developed along the river during the 1840s. It was initially called Moggill Road (because it was the road to Moggill), then later (1870s) it became known as the River Road. In 1937 the River Road was renamed Coronation Drive in honour of the coronation of King George VI, a suggestion made by Archbishop James Duhig. On 13 May 1937, the Governor of Queensland Sir Leslie Wilson planted a small bunya tree on North Quay, Brisbane to mark the name change. Brisbane Lord Mayor John Beals Chandler undertook the improvement and beautification of the road in order to fulfill their vision of a gracious city.
Coronation Drive developed as the major transport route for the western suburbs along with Milton Road. A landslide caused by flood waters in 1974 closed Coronation Drive due to cracking and subsidence. The flood caused the redirection of Coronation Drive so that traffic inbound to Brisbane City turned left at the Sylvan Road intersection, and then right down Land Street.
In 2004 Coronation Drive was completely redeveloped into its current day form, with the redirection removed and widening to allow 6 lanes of traffic. Former Lord Mayor Jim Soorley inaugurated a series of "tidal flow" traffic lights in both directions, and a dedicated bus lane, in order to ease congestion along the road. Upon the election of Campbell Newman, the bus lanes were changed to T3 Transit Lanes with three occupants required. In March 2007 the T3 transit lane restrictions were removed after Campbell Newman requested the change based on analysis showing that only 5% of vehicles actually use the T3 lane. The Labor opposition did not block the change.
In September 2008, the Council announced a decision to scrap the Tidal Flow System after conceding it as a failure. This decision was influenced by the construction of the Hale Street Bridge and also the maintenance cost of the system, amounting to $600,000 each year, with a further $7 million in repairs. Instead, 3 permanent lanes will be inbound to the city and 2 lanes outbound. Statistics show that more traffic travels inbound than outbound at both morning and afternoon peak hours. One of the inbound lanes will be made into a T2 lane once the Hale Street Bridge project is well developed.
Tidal Flow System
The Coronation Drive Tidal Flow System was implemented to improve traffic flow along the routinely congested road. It consisted of overhead gantries displaying white arrows or red crosses to indicate which lanes can be driven in, LED signs on approach that indicated current lanes open, LED catseye markers embedded in the road that were turned on and off to move the median line and boom gates that would swing into the lanes when closed to stop use of the closed lane.
The Tidal Flow System was heavily criticised by the public for a number of reasons. These included the perception that the lane system was confusing and caused road accidents, especially when drivers were required to make turns on or off the tidal flow system. Lights in the road meant to guide drivers were often broken and during daylight hours were hard to discern. In particular, the right hand turn from Coronation Drive onto Lang Street (outbound) has two lanes and drivers were routinely confused as to which lane on Lang street they should turn into.
The Tidal Flow System was well over budget, with the cost of the system far higher than originally planned. The system was prone to vandalism, in particular the boom gates used to block off lanes were routinely hit by vehicles. Critics claimed that the tidal flow system had not been effective in improving traffic flow. The primary reason given is due to traffic in both directions being high at peak hour due to the University of Queensland bound traffic balancing the city bound traffic. The tidal flow system did not close lanes due to traffic accidents or roadworks, instead, traditional vehicles and signage were used, leaving a much touted feature of the system unutilised. Out of state or overseas drivers tended to not understand the system and its dynamic lanes, thus were likely to end up driving in T3/Bus lanes or not merging when they should.
The Tidal Flow System was dismantled and removed at the end of 2008 after a decision by the Brisbane City Council. A similar system was operated on the Houghton Highway across Bramble Bay at Redcliffe until the opening of the Ted Smout Memorial Bridge in 2011.
Major intersections and landmarks
Grey Street / William Jolly Bridge
Coronation Drive: Coronation Drive retaining wall
Boomerang Street / Go Between Bridge
Cribb Street
249 Coronation Drive: Cook Terrace
Park Road
Graham Street
Lang Parade
Chasely Street
451 Coronation Drive: Moorlands
Land Street
Sylvan Road
543 Coronation Drive: Regatta Hotel
579–583 Coronation Drive: former Toowong Municipal Library Building
600 Coronation Drive: Middenbury House
Benson Street
See also
References
Roads in Brisbane
Deficiency of Adenosine deaminase 2 (DADA2) is a monogenic disease associated with systemic inflammation and vasculopathy that affects a wide variety of organs in different patients. As a result, it is hard to characterize a patient with this disorder. Manifestations of the disease include but are not limited to recurrent fever, livedoid rash (reticularis or racemosa), various cytopenias, stroke, immunodeficiency, and bone marrow failure. Symptoms often onset during early childhood, but some cases have been discovered as late as 65 years old.
DADA2 is caused by mutations in the ADA2 gene, and is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. The protein product of this gene, adenosine deaminase 2 (ADA2), is an extracellular enzyme that breaks down adenosine and may also serve as a growth factor. Pathogenic mutations decrease this enzymatic activity in patient blood, leading to disease manifestations. However, mutational status and residual enzyme activity levels do not explicitly correlate with the type of disease a patient displays.
The most common treatment for DADA2 is TNF inhibitors. This therapy tends to prevent vasculitis-related manifestations such as rash and stroke, but does not perform well in individuals presenting with severe hematologic and immunologic abnormalities such as bone marrow failure or severe recurrent infections. In these cases, hematopoietic stem cell transplantation has led to major improvements in the vascular, hematologic, and immunologic manifestations of disease.
Signs and symptoms
The signs and symptoms of disease are wide-ranging in severity, but can be grouped into vascular, immunologic, and hematologic manifestations. Individual patients typically present with disease of only one of these subtypes, but this is not always the case. Symptoms have also been known to abate and recur even without treatment. Twenty-four percent of patients have disease onset before 1 year of age, and 77% of patients have disease onset before 10 years of age.
Vasculopathy is the hallmark of DADA2, and was the most prominent feature of the disease upon its initial discovery. The vasculitis seen in DADA2 is similar to polyarteritis nodosa (PAN), often leading to misdiagnosis. However, DADA2 patients typically have earlier disease onset, and a greater prevalence of skin and neurologic manifestations. The systemic inflammation present in DADA2 leads to this vasculopathy, with symptoms involving but not limited to skin, brain, gastrointestinal tract, and kidneys. Livedo racemosa and livedo reticularis are the most common manifestations in skin, although other symptoms such as digital necrosis, subcutaneous nodules, and non-specific rash have been seen. The most common neurological manifestations of DADA2 are secondary to vasculitis. Fifty-one percent of patients present with neurologic disease, typically in the form of lacunar stroke. In some patients, stroke can be the first indication of disease.
Approximately 50% of patients have some form of immunologic or hematologic disease. While patients with vascular-predominant disease typically have only mild deficiencies in these areas, most DADA2 patients display deficiencies in IgG and IgM antibody production as well as overall poor B cell function. Bone marrow failure, pure red cell aplasia (PRCA), or immunodeficiency are the most serious manifestations in those who don't display the classic vascular disease. Those with the bone marrow failure phenotype commonly have hepatosplenomegaly, recurrent infection, and various cytopenias. Meanwhile, those with PRCA can display a similar disease to Diamond-Blackfan anemia. The onset of PRCA caused by DADA2 is commonly before one year of age, while children with bone marrow failure typically onset around two years of age. In patients with severe immunodeficiencies, upper and lower respiratory infections are most common. However, intestinal and urinary tract infections have been seen alongside various more rare infections such as viral encephalitis.
There are a variety of rare DADA2 symptoms that have only been reported in a handful of patients. For example, lymphoproliferation and large granular lymphocytic leukemia have been reported. Other symptoms are becoming more known over time – reports of hypertension associated with DADA2 have increased in recent years.
Pathophysiology
The mechanism by which mutations in ADA2 lead to disease manifestations is not fully clear. ADA2 is a primarily extracellular protein highly expressed by myeloid immune cells such as monocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells. ADA2 has been hypothesized to have multiple functions, including as an enzyme, a growth factor, and an intracellular DNA sensor. Deficiencies in each of these functions could lead to the chronic inflammatory phenotype associated with DADA2. Less is known about the role of ADA2 dysfunction in the immunologic and hematologic aspects of the disease.
ADA2 catalyzes the reaction of adenosine to inosine and 2'deoxyadenosine in the blood. All DADA2 patients display less than 5% of the normal activity of ADA2 in blood samples, implicating the potential importance of this enzymatic role. Adenosine levels are higher in patients than healthy individuals. Adenosine binds to cell surface receptors on neutrophils, causing the formation of neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). NETs have been identified at increased levels in both affected tissue and in circulation of DADA2 patients. NETs go on to cause inflammatory responses from macrophages, including excess release the pro-inflammatory cytokine TNFa. TNFa likely plays a major role in the vasculitic phenotype of DADA2 due the efficacy of TNFa targeting drugs in treating symptoms. However, the enzymatic activity of ADA2 is 100-fold lesser than that of the intracellular adenosine deaminase ADA1, and at physiological concentrations of adenosine the enzymatic activity of ADA2 is near zero. This indicates that loss of ADA2 may cause disease by other mechanisms.
Endothelial cell activation and damage is a further source of inflammation and vascular symptoms caused by DADA2. Endothelial cells from patients are extensively damaged and secrete pro-inflammatory cytokines. However, endothelial cells themselves don't express the ADA2 protein, so this phenotype is likely mediated by the effects of mutant ADA2 on other cell types feeding back onto endothelial cells. For example, ADA2 mutant monocytes display abnormal differentiation into macrophages, and endothelial cells grown in the presence of ADA2 deficient monocytes are similarly extensively damaged.
The molecular underpinnings of the immunologic disease are unclear, but the upregulation of type I interferon-stimulated genes, poor B cell differentiation, reduced antibody production, and lymphoproliferation have been noted. The cause of severe hematologic manifestations such as pure red cell aplasia and bone marrow failure are also unknown. However, the ADA2 protein is similar in structure to the adenosine deaminase growth factors found in other species. Deficiencies of these proteins in frogs and fruit flies have been shown to cause developmental abnormalities, such as small size and early death respectively. In humans, extracellular ADA2 interacts with many immune cell types, including neutrophils, monocytes, NK cells, and specific B and T cell subtypes. This interaction can lead to functional changes, as ADA2 has been shown to bind to monocytes and CD4+ T cells to increase monocyte differentiation and T cell proliferation when present together. Thus, DADA2 might lead to poor immune cell development directly or through the generally high inflammation.
Genetics
DADA2 is caused by mutations in DNA encoding the gene ADA2, formerly known as CECR1. The ADA2 gene is located on chromosome 22q11.1. Many different kinds of mutations have been reported, including missense, nonsense, splice-site, frameshift, deletions, and duplications. As of 2021, there are 117 known mutations, although classification into disease-causing and benign is ongoing. This disease is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion meaning that both versions of this gene, one inherited from each parent, must be defective in a patient. While those with only one known mutant allele have been found to have disease manifestations, it is thought that those individuals have a mutation not found upon initial genomic sequencing.
While there is some relationship between the genetic mutations a patient displays and their experience with the disease, the relationship is not one to one. Patients with DADA2 that share the same mutation are more likely to experience similar disease, but even family members with the same mutations have had entirely different disease courses. While the reasons for this difference are not well defined in DADA2 this is common in other so-called monogenic diseases, where environment and modifier genetics have been shown to play a role. However, multiple groups have found some correlation between mutation and phenotype. There is some indication that mutations present in the dimerization domain of ADA2 predispose towards vasculitis-associated disease, whereas mutations in the catalytic domain lead to the Diamond Blackfan anemia-like phenotype. In another study, specific mutations segregated perfectly into groups based on the type of the disease the patient displayed. In this analysis, the common G47R mutation always found in individuals with vasculitic disease, and the G358R mutation always seen in those with severe hematologic disease. However, some mutations did not separate as well. For example, the R169Q mutation was found in both vasculitic- and hematologic-forward disease subtypes. An analysis of the enzymatic activity of mutated ADA2 enzyme in vitro found that mutations yielding greater enzyme activity favored vasculitis, whereas mutations with less residual activity favored hematologic manifestations.
Diagnosis
Currently, screening for DADA2 is initiated upon a physician's judgement. Criteria to trigger screening have been proposed however, including at least one sign of inflammation and vasculitis. The specific diagnosis of DADA2 requires either confirmation of known pathogenic mutations in ADA2 or low ADA2 enzymatic activity in patient blood. Genetic testing for DADA2 has been performed as either a single-gene test through Sanger sequencing, or a multi-gene test through panel testing, whole exome sequencing, or whole genome sequencing. These techniques vary in cost, intensity, and detection, and mutations have been missed due to the technique initially used. As such, more extensive analysis is sometimes necessary if suspicion of DADA2 remains. Enzymatic activity analysis can confirm whether or not the ADA2 gene should be investigated further in these situations, and has been recommended by some as the premier diagnostic technique.
Management
The most common management of DADA2 after diagnosis is TNFa inhibition (TNFi). This treatment serves those with vasculitic forms of the disease best, improving most symptoms and significantly preventing strokes. TNFi is ineffective in those with severe bone marrow dysfunction or immunodeficiency. In these patients, hematopoietic stem cell transplant is considered and upon successful completion can be curative. However, the risks associated with this procedure preclude its use in most patients.
Ongoing pre-clinical studies are researching gene therapy. Both gene therapy and enzyme replacement therapy have been successful in the adenosine deaminase deficiency, indicating their potential future success in DADA2.
Epidemiology
As of 2020, over 260 cases of DADA2 have been identified since the disease's discovery in 2014. Since this disease is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, men and women are equally likely to be diagnosed with DADA2. Based on computational analyses, the prevalence of DADA2 could be as high as 4 in 100,000. Generally, populations with high degrees of consanguinity or with founder variants have a higher prevalence of DADA2. For example, the Georgian-Jewish and Turkish populations are estimated to have a 1:10 and 1:500 likelihood of carrying the G47R mutation respectively. The R169Q variant is also more common in northern Europe, with a carrier frequency of 1:500.
History
DADA2 was discovered in 2014 by two independent groups at the NIH and in Jerusalem, each reporting systemic inflammation and vasculitis syndromes caused by mutations in ADA2. The DADA2 Foundation was formed in 2016 to serve patients with DADA2 by providing information and spurring research progress. The Foundation has organized an international DADA2 Conference held every 2 years since 2016, being held in 2016, 2018, and 2020.
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
Rare syndromes
Autosomal recessive disorders
The tylas vanga (Tylas eduardi) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae. It is monotypic within the genus Tylas. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
tylas vanga
Endemic birds of Madagascar
tylas vanga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kelley Massif () is a rugged mountain massif, long, located immediately west of the Eland Mountains and along the south side of Clifford Glacier, in Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey in 1974, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Hugh A. Kelley, U.S. Navy, Commander of Antarctic Support Activities during Operation Deep Freeze 1968 and 1969.
See also
Reynolds Bench
References
Mountains of Palmer Land
The Bismarck white-eye or black-headed white-eye (Zosterops hypoxanthus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the Bismarck Archipelago in Papua New Guinea, where it occurs in New Britain, New Ireland and a number of smaller islands. It is sometimes considered to be the same species as the black-fronted white-eye of the mainland of New Guinea. The species is found in forests, forest edges, secondary forest, gardens and plantations, generally in hill and mountain areas and more rarely down to sea level.
The species has a black face, dark olive neck, back and wings, and olive rump with a black tail (paler in some subspecies), and bright yellow undersides. The white eye-ring is bright but incomplete, broken at the front. The plumage of the male and female are similar.
References
Bismarck white-eye
Birds of the Bismarck Archipelago
Endemic fauna of Papua New Guinea
Bismarck white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Georges River Grammar (abbreviated as GRG) is an independent Anglican co-educational primary and secondary day school, located in Georges Hall, a south-western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The school was established in 1984, as a non-selective school and currently caters for approximately 880 students from Year K to Year 12.
History
Georges River Grammar was founded in 1984, initially as a primary school based at St Paul's Anglican Church in Bankstown. In 1986, a secondary school, Bankstown Grammar School was commenced as a joint venture of the Anglican and Uniting churches in Bankstown. In 1988, the Uniting Church withdrew from the partnership and the Bankstown Grammar School became an independent, coeducational, Anglican school. The name of the school was officially changed in early 2011 from Bankstown Grammar School to Georges River Grammar to reflect the reality that it draws broadly from the Georges River area, and that the school had outgrown its local name and drawing area of Bankstown. It also reflected a unified identity after the amalgamation of St Paul's Choir School and Bankstown Grammar School in 2004.
According to researchers, the school's outgrowing of its local area is a pattern common with religious and other independent schools in Australia, as growing enrolment in Australian non-government schools confirm that parental desire to provide the ‘best' schooling for their children will often override factors such as the school location.
The school currently has four houses – Wood, Jackson, Rossiter and Chamberlain – named for the founders of the school. Previously, it had six – Wood, Jackson, Rossiter, Chamberlain, Broughton and Barker.
In the mid-1990s, the school participated in a psychological research study conducted on the topic of self-concept. 395 students participated in the research.
In 2009, the school campaigned to discourage unhealthy food and drinks, banning a number of items from school lunch boxes, and hiring a dietician to speak to parents.
Notable alumni
Avani Dias, ABC journalist
Affiliation
The school is a member of the Sydney Anglican Schools Ministry Association.
See also
List of Anglican schools in New South Wales
Anglican education in Australia
References
External links
Georges River Grammar School website
School Facebook page
School Twitter page
Anglican secondary schools in Sydney
Anglican primary schools in Sydney
Educational institutions established in 1986
Bankstown Grammar
1986 establishments in Australia
Grammar schools in Australia
Anglican Diocese of Sydney
Georges Hall, New South Wales
Muḥammad ibn al-Muʿtaṣim () was an Abbasid prince, the son of Caliph al-Mu'tasim. They were a contemporary of the caliph al-Wathiq and al-Mutawakkil. Their son Ahmad became the twelfth Abbasid caliph as al-Musta'in. Muhammad was the first prince in the Abbasid history whose son became a caliph, no other Abbasid prince before them had this prestige.
Background
Muhammad was the son of Abū Isḥaq Muhammad. They were the member of influential Abbasid house that was ruling the Caliphate since 750. Their full name was Muhammad ibn Harun al-Rashid and their Kunya was Abu Ahmad.
Their father, al-Mu'tasim's parents were the fifth Abbasīd caliph, Harun al-Rashid (), and Marida bint Shabib, concubine. Muhammad was born during their uncle's reign.
Their uncle, al-Ma'mun had made no official provisions for their succession. Al-Ma'mun's son, al-Abbas was old enough to rule and had acquired experience of command in the border wars with the Byzantines, but had not been named heir. According to the account of al-Tabari, on their deathbed al-Ma'mun dictated a letter nominating their brother, rather than al-Abbas, as their successor, and Abu Ishaq was acclaimed as caliph on 9August, with the regnal title of al-Mu'tasim (in full al-Muʿtaṣim bi'llāh, "he who seeks refuge in God"). Their father became the eighth Abbasid caliph of the Caliphate.
Biography
Muhammad was the son of caliph al-Mu'tasim (r. 833–842) from one of their concubine (Umm walad). They spend their childhood in Baghdad. As an Abbasid prince they received a good education along with their other brothers. When their father became Caliph, the wealth of Muhammad and their brothers increased. In 836 their father founded new city Samarra and moved the capital of the Caliphate to there, Muhammad also moved to Samarra. Their father ruled the Empire for almost eight years until their death. Their elder brother Al-Wathiq became caliph after their father's death on 5 January 842. They ascended smoothly to the throne without any opposition by their brothers including Muhammad. Six years later, al-Wathiq died as the result of dropsy, while being seated in an oven in an attempt to cure it, on 10 August 847. Muhammad was a courtier and a patron of scholars during their reign. They were succeeded by al-Mutawakkil.
The life of Muhammad under them is obscure, as they played no important role in political affairs.
Their brother, Al-Mutawakkil saw Muhammad as a potential successor (future caliph) because of their popularity to prevent Muhammad from succession, Their brother caliph al-Mutawakkil (r. 847-861) had created a plan of succession that would allow their sons to inherit the caliphate after their death; they would be succeeded first by their eldest son, al-Muntasir, then by al-Mu'tazz and third by al-Mu'ayyad. This nomination of their three sons as heir prevent all their brothers from succession especially Muhammad and Ahmad.
Muhammad ibn al-Mu'tasim had several children from different concubines, one of them was Ahmad. Ahmad (future al-Musta'in) was born in 836 to a concubine from Sicily called Makhariq also known as Umm Ahmad. Muhammad died during the reign of their brother al-Mutawakkil. Even though they were sidelined from succession, their popularity didn't die. Their son became caliph in mid 862.
Contribution to accession of al-Musta'in to Caliphate
Just few years after death of Muhammad. In December 861 al-Mutawakkil was assassinated by a group of Turkic military officers, likely with the support of al-Muntasir. During al-Muntasir's short reign (r. 861-862), the Turks pressured them into removing al-Mu'tazz and al-Mu'ayyad from the succession. When al-Muntasir died, the Turkic officers gathered together and decided to install the dead caliph's cousin al-Musta'in on the throne. Muhammad's connection with Caliphal court, their relation with al-Wathiq and their popularity among officers of Turkic regiment became their major contribution to Al-Musta'in's career.
See also
Al-Qasim ibn Harun al-Rashid
Amir al-hajj
References
Sources
9th-century births
9th-century deaths
Sons of Abbasid caliphs
9th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
9th-century Arabs
Kelsey Cliff () is a prominent cliff standing close southeast of Mount Owen in the eastern end of the Guettard Range, in Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was first mapped by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition – Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey joint sledge party in 1947–48, and was named for Lawrence D. Kelsey, a radio operator with the Ronne expedition.
References
Cliffs of Palmer Land
Alfred Edward Callick (24 September 1908 – 4 August 1972) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Callick, a recruit from South Melbourne Districts, made just one senior appearance for South Melbourne, in the 1930 VFL season. They remained in the league seconds until they joined Fitzroy, where they played 37 VFL games from 1933 to 1937.
References
External links
1908 births
1972 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sydney Swans players
Fitzroy Football Club players
The common brushtail possum (Trichosurus vulpecula, from the Greek for "furry tailed" and the Latin for "little fox", previously in the genus Phalangista) is a nocturnal, semiarboreal marsupial of the family Phalangeridae, native to Australia and naturalised in New Zealand, and the second-largest of the possums.
Like most possums, the common brushtail possum is nocturnal. It is mainly a folivore, but has been known to eat small mammals such as rats. In most Australian habitats, eucalyptus leaves are a significant part of the diet, but rarely the sole item eaten. Its tail is prehensile and naked on its lower underside. The four colour variations are silver-grey, brown, black, and gold.
It is the Australian marsupial most often seen by city dwellers, as it is one of few that thrive in cities and a wide range of natural and human-modified environments. Around human habitations, common brushtails are inventive and determined foragers with a liking for fruit trees, vegetable gardens, and kitchen raids.
The common brushtail possum was introduced to New Zealand in the 1850s to establish a fur industry, but in the mild subtropical climate of New Zealand, and with few to no natural predators, it thrived to the extent that it became a major agricultural and conservation pest.
Description
The common brushtail possum has large and pointed ears. Its bushy tail (hence its name) is adapted to grasping branches, prehensile at the end with a hairless ventral patch. Its fore feet have sharp claws and the first toe of each hind foot is clawless, but has a strong grasp. The possum grooms itself with the third and fourth toes which are fused together. It has a thick and woolly pelage that varies in colour depending on the subspecies. Colour patterns tend to be silver-grey, brown, black, red, or cream. The ventral areas are typically lighter and the tail is usually brown or black. The muzzle is marked with dark patches.
The common brushtail possum has a head and body length of 32–58 cm with a tail length of 24–40 cm. It weighs 1.2-4.5 kg. Males are generally larger than females. In addition, the coat of the male tends to be reddish at the shoulders. As with most marsupials, the female brushtail possum has a forward-opening, well-developed pouch. The chest of both sexes has a scent gland that emits a reddish secretion which stains that fur around it. It marks its territory with these secretions.
Biology and ecology
Range and habitat
The common brushtail possum is perhaps the most widespread marsupial of Australia. It is found throughout the eastern and northern parts of the continent, as well as some western regions, Tasmania and a number of offshore islands, such as Kangaroo Island and Barrow Island. It is also widespread in New Zealand since its introduction in 1850. The common brushtail possum can be found in a variety of habitats, such as forests, semi-arid areas and even cultivated or urban areas. It is mostly a forest inhabiting species, however it is also found in treeless areas. In New Zealand, possums favour broadleaf-podocarp near farmland pastures. In southern beech forests and pine plantations, possums are less common. Overall, brushtail possums are more densely populated in New Zealand than in their native Australia. This may be because Australia has more fragmented eucalypt forests and more predators. In Australia, brushtail possums are threatened by humans, tiger quolls, dogs, foxes, cats, goannas, carpet snakes, and powerful owls. In New Zealand, brushtail possums are threatened only by humans and cats. The IUCN highlight the population trend in Australia as decreasing.
Food and foraging
The common brushtail possum can adapt to numerous kinds of vegetation. It prefers Eucalyptus leaves, but also eats flowers, shoots, fruits, and seeds. It may also consume animal matter such as insects, birds' eggs and chicks, and other small vertebrates. Brushtail possums may eat three or four different plant species during a foraging trip, unlike some other arboreal marsupials, such as the koala and the greater glider, which focus on single species. The brushtail possum's rounded molars cannot cut Eucalyptus leaves as finely as more specialised feeders. They are more adapted to crushing their food, which enables them to chew fruit or herbs more effectively. The brushtail possums' caecum lacks internal ridges and cannot separate coarse and fine particles as efficiently as some other arboreal marsupials. The brushtail possum cannot rely on Eucalyptus alone to provide sufficient protein. Its more generalised and mixed diet, however, does provide adequate nitrogen.
Behaviour
The common brushtail possum is largely arboreal and nocturnal. It has a mostly solitary lifestyle, and individuals keep their distance with scent markings (urinating) and vocalisations. They usually make their dens in natural places such as tree hollows and caves, but also use spaces in the roofs of houses. While they sometimes share dens, brushtails normally sleep in separate dens. Individuals from New Zealand use many more den sites than those from Australia. Brushtail possums compete with each other and other animals for den spaces, and this contributes to their mortality. This is likely another reason why brushtail possum population densities are smaller in Australia than in New Zealand. Brushtail possums are usually not aggressive towards each other and usually just stare with erect ears. They vocalise with clicks, grunts, hisses, alarm chatters, guttural coughs, and screeching.
Reproduction and life history
The common brushtail possum can breed at any time of the year, but breeding tends to peak in spring, from September to November, and in autumn, from March to May, in some areas. Mating is promiscuous and random; some males can sire several young in a season, while over half sire none. In one Queensland population, males apparently need a month of consorting with females before they can mate with them. Females have a gestation period of 16–18 days, after which they give birth to single young. A newborn brushtail possum is only 1.5 cm long and weighs only 2 g. As usual for marsupials, the newborn may climb, unaided, through the female's fur and into the pouch and attach to a teat. The young develops and remains inside the mother's pouch for another 4–5 months. When older, the young is left in the den or rides on its mother's back until it is 7–9 months old. Females reach sexual maturity when they are a year old, and males do so at the end of their second year. Brushtail possums can live up to 13 years in the wild.
Female young have a higher survival rate than their male counterparts due to establishing their home ranges closer to their mothers, while males travel farther in search of new nesting sites, encountering established territories from which they may be forcibly ejected. In New Zealand's Ōrongorongo population, female young have been found to continue to associate with their mothers after weaning, and some inherit the prime den sites. A possible competition exists between mothers and daughters for dens, and daughters may be excluded from a den occupied by the mother. In forests with shortages of den sites, females apparently produce more sons, which do not compete directly for den sites, while in forests with plentiful den sites, female young are greater in number.
Relationship with humans
The common brushtail possum is considered a pest in some areas, as it is known to cause damage to pine plantations, regenerative forest, flowers, fruit trees, and buildings. Like other possums, it is rather tolerant of humans and can sometimes be hand fed, although it is not encouraged, as their claws are quite sharp and can cause infection or disease to humans if scratched. It is a traditional food source for some indigenous Australians.
Australia
Its fur has been considered valuable and has been harvested. Although once hunted extensively for its fur in Australia, the common brushtail possum is now protected in mainland states, but it has only been partially protected in Tasmania, where an annual hunting season is used. In addition, Tasmania gives crop-protection permits to landowners whose property has been damaged.
While its populations are declining in some regions due to habitat loss, urban populations indicate an adaptation to the presence of humans. In some mainland states, possum trapping is legal to catch when attempting to evict possums from human residences (e.g. roofs), but possums must be released after dusk within 24 hours of capture, no more than 50 m from the trapping site. In some states, e.g. Victoria, trapped possums may be taken to registered veterinarians for euthanasia. In South Australia, they are fully protected and permits are required for trapping possums in human residences or for keeping or rescuing sick or injured wild possums and other native animals. In Queensland, they can only be trapped by licensed commercial relocators who must release possums within 25 metres of the point of capture to ensure that an animal is not released into another possum's home range (possums are less likely to survive if they are released into a new area where they do not have access to a den or must compete with a neighbouring possum for den space).
New Zealand
Since its introduction from Australia by European settlers in the 1850s, the common brushtail possum has become a major threat to New Zealand native forests and birds. It is also a host for the highly contagious bovine tuberculosis. (This is not an issue in Australia, where the disease has been eradicated.)
By the 1980s, the peak population had reached an estimated 60–70 million, but is now down to an estimated 30 million due to control measures. The New Zealand Department of Conservation controls possum numbers in many areas via the aerial dropping of 1080-laced bait. Hunting is not restricted, but the population seems to be stable despite the annual killing of thousands of the animals.
References
Further reading
Marsh, K. J., Wallis, I. R., & Foley, W. J. (2003). The effect of inactivating tannins on the intake of Eucalyptus foliage by a specialist Eucalyptus folivore (Pseudocheirus peregrinus) and a generalist herbivore (Trichosurus vulpecula). Australian Journal of Zoology, 51, 41–42.
External links
Blog.forestandbird.org.nz
Brushtail possum
Landcare Research NZ
Common brushtail possum (Trichosurus vulpecula) at ARKive
PossumBase
Possums
Mammals described in 1792
Mammals of Tasmania
Mammals of Western Australia
Mammals of South Australia
Mammals of the Northern Territory
Mammals of Queensland
Mammals of New South Wales
Marsupials of Australia
Mammals of New Zealand
Sungurlar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 79 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The 1963–64 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 53rd since its establishment.
League table
External links
1963–64 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
The Yugtun or Alaska script is a syllabary invented around the year 1900 by Uyaquq to write the Central Alaskan Yup'ik language. Uyaquq, who was monolingual in Yup'ik but had a son who was literate in English, initially used indigenous pictograms as a form of proto-writing that served as a mnemonic in preaching the Bible. However, when they realized that this did not allow them to reproduce the exact words of a passage the way the Latin alphabet did for English-speaking missionaries, they and their assistants developed it until it became a full syllabary. Although Uyaquq never learned English or the Latin alphabet, they were influenced by both. The syllable kut, for example, resembles the cursive form of the English word good.
The Yup'ik language is now generally written in the Latin alphabet.
Bibliography
Albertine Gaur, 2000. Literacy and the Politics of Writing,
Alfred Schmitt, 1951. Die Alaska-Schrift und ihre schriftgeschichtliche Bedeutung, Simons, Marburg
Alfred Schmitt, 1981. Untersuchungen zur Geschichte der Schrift. Eine Schriftentwicklung um 1900 in Alaska, Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden (Reprint der Ausgabe Leipzig 1940),
Vol. 1 Text, vol. 2. Abbildungen
References
Syllabary writing systems
Yupik languages
Constructed scripts
Writing systems of the Americas
Writing systems introduced in 1900
"Love Is A Weapon of Choice" is the sixth episode of the second season of the HBO comedy series Flight of the Conchords. This episode first aired in the United States on February 22, 2009.
Plot synopsis
Bret and Jemaine both fall for a woman whose missing dog has epilepsy, leading to a duel, a canine benefit and a couple of new tunes.
Plot
Jemaine and Bret are out for a jog when they are stopped by a woman (Kristen Wiig) who is searching for their epileptic terrier, Charlie. After they go on their way, the scene transitions into the song "We're Both in Love with a Sexy Lady." They meet up with the woman again, having "found" several dogs of varying breeds. They tell them that none of the dogs are hers, and shows them a picture of Charlie, who is wearing a kitten costume. They introduce themselves by name, which Jemaine hears as "Barbara" and Bret hears as "Brahbrah." Jemaine informs Bret that there is no such name as "Brahbrah." The woman gives the boys their phone number, in case they find their epileptic terrier.
Both Jemaine and Bret decide to write a song about epileptic dogs. Bret continually mispronounces the word "epileptic" as "pepileptic" and Jemaine says "prophylactic" by mistake. The woman calls Bret to make a date, then asks to speak to Jemaine. Dates are set for both 7 and 8 o'clock respectively. While on the date with Bret, the woman tells them that they think Jemaine's glasses make them look intelligent. Bret lets them know of the song they are writing, while Jemaine shows up 15 minutes early for their date, carrying flowers. When Bret protests, the woman tells them that they can spend 15 minutes together another time, and Jemaine commences their date with them They tell the woman that Bret is no good, but they say that they really likes Bret's beard, as they remind them of a little puppy dog. Jemaine also tells them of their plan to write a song for epileptic dogs, and, not to be outdone by Bret, to hold a fundraiser for them.
On a second date, Bret shows up wearing a pair of Jemaine's glasses, and tells the woman that they are creating an antidote for epilepsy. They ask them if he's a veterinarian or doctor, and they say that they aren't, but they have thus far had no seizures. When the woman points out that they don't have epilepsy to begin with, Bret tells them that they think it is because of the antidote. The woman receives a call from someone saying they found Charlie, and gets up to leave. When they pass by the bar, Jemaine is there with a pasted-on beard. They were the one who called her, but they soon leaves to look for Charlie.
The boys are in the studio with Murray to record their song for epileptic dogs. Murray pauses the recording to ask who is playing the piano, confused by the idea of a backing track. They begin recording again when the woman shows up. Jemaine and Bret each try to outdo the other, and steal the mic back-and-forth before commencing a low-intensity physical altercation, which Murray breaks up. Bret challenges Jemaine to a duel, and Jemaine slaps them across the face with a glove they picked up from the floor. They then perform the song "Love Is a Weapon of Choice."
At the canine epilepsy fundraiser, the woman tells the boys that they have found Charlie.  They are holding a little dog, but it appears not to be a terrier. The dog's rightful owner approaches and tells them that the dog's name is "Mocha," as stated on its dog tag. The woman relinquishes Mocha, and both boys fight to comfort them They finally take the stage and perform their song, "Epileptic Dogs," accompanied by a slide presentation from Murray. They break into the "remix" portion of the song and strobe lights begin to flash, which triggers seizures in all the epileptic dogs in attendance.
Afterwards, Jemaine and Bret quarrel. Murray breaks it up and tells the woman that both of their lads fancy her, and they need to choose one of them. They add that they may also choose them if they prefer, and then departs. The woman tells Bret and Jemaine that they thought they were gay. As they stand stunned that they would think that, Mel shows up, desiring to show them an artwork they have created. It is a depiction of Bret and Jemaine as a couple, and what their baby might look like. Nonplussed, the woman tells them that they felt obligated to spend equal amounts of time with them because they were gay, but if they're straight, she'd rather spend time with Bret. They ask Bret to coffee. Bret asks if Jemaine may join them. Finally, the woman reveals that their name is in fact Brahbrah, and they spell it out. Bret and Brahbrah walk away from Jemaine, as Brahbrah reveals that Charlie has actually been missing for six years.
Songs
The following songs appear in this episode:
"We're Both in Love with a Sexy Lady"
This is sung after the boys meet Brahbrah, and is how they each describe how they have fallen in love with a girl, before realizing they are both in love with the same girl. The song is a parody of R. Kelly's "Same Girl". Also influenced by "The Girl Is Mine", a duet by Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney in which the singers argue about a girl, both insisting repeatedly that 'the dog gone girl is mine'.
"Love Is a Weapon of Choice"
This is sung when Bret challenges Jemaine to a duel for the love of Brahbrah. Some of the images in the sequence are similar to those in the video for Bonnie Tyler's "Total Eclipse of the Heart."
"Epileptic Dogs"
This song is sung by the boys at a charity concert for epileptic dogs. The song is a success, until the end when they perform a "remix" and the stage is lit up with flashing lights, causing the dogs to have epileptic seizures.
References
2009 American television episodes
Flight of the Conchords episodes
The Negative Space is the eighth studio album by 16volt, released on September 14, 2016 by Murder Creek.
Reception
Steven Gullotta of Brutal Resonance criticized the generic direction of the band, saying "the vocals were awful and didn't sound native, the music was bland and boring and sounded like a rip off of Rage Against the Machine." Trubie Turner of ReGen awarded the album four out of five stars and said "the album hits hard with a confidence that can only come from years of successfully honing craft and playing to the strengths and signatures that audiences have come to love and expect from 16volt."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes of The Negative Space.
16volt
Eric Powell – lead vocals, instruments
Production and design
Marc Jordan – production, recording, mixing
Artemis Sere – cover art
Howie Weinberg – mastering
Release history
References
External links
The Negative Space at Bandcamp
2016 albums
16volt albums
Albums produced by Marc Jordan
Katowice Power Station () is a coal-fired power station in Katowice, Poland. It consists of four units. Two units each with a generation capacity of 144 MWt went in service respectively in 1985, and a third unit of in 1991. In 2000 a new unit of BCF-100 type with a heat capacity of 200 MW and electric generation capacity of 135.5 MW was added. The plant has a heating capacity of .
The flue gas stack of the power station is tall and equipped with several antennas.
See also
Bełchatów Power Station
Jaworzno Power Station
Kozienice Power Station
Połaniec Power Station
Łaziska Power Station
References
Energy infrastructure completed in 1985
Energy infrastructure completed in 1991
Buildings and structures in Katowice
Coal-fired power stations in Poland
Cogeneration power stations in Poland
1985 establishments in Poland
William McDaniel may refer to:
William McDaniel (politician) (1801–1866), U.S. Representative from Missouri
William J. McDaniel (born 1943), United States Navy admiral
William Roberts McDaniel (1861–1942), academic and namesake of McDaniel College
Yollarbaşı (former İlisira) is a belde (town) in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. Situated it is west of Karaman on the state highway which connects Karaman to Konya. The population of Yollarbaşı is 1,054 as of 2018. Yollarbaşı is an old settlement. It was probably founded during the Phrygian era. During the Roman era it was a city of Isaura. Although not supported by sources, the town people believe that the town may be Lystra, one of the important cities which Paul the Apostle visited. Modern scholars place the ancient town of Ilistra at or near Yollarbaşı. There are six church ruins in the town. Yollarbaşı is a typical Central Anatolian town where the main economic activity is agriculture.
Future
According to Sustainable development report prepared by the Ministry of Environment and Forestry (Turkey) the projected population of Yollarbaşı in 2025 is 5500. Only minor revision is needed in the present master plan of the town is for the future expansion.
References
Populated places in Karaman Province
Towns in Turkey
Karaman Central District
Olio (rendered as OLIO) is a mobile app for food-sharing, aiming to reduce food waste. It does this by connecting those with surplus food to those who need or wish to consume such food. The food must be edible; it can be raw or cooked, sealed or open.
Those donating surplus food can be individuals or companies such as food retailers, restaurants, corporate canteens, food photographers etc., and donations can take place on an ad-hoc or recurrent basis. For example some supermarket chains in the UK, including Tesco, the Midcounties Co-operative, Morrisons and Sainsbury's have piloted Olio as an 'online food bank' to donate food and to reduce their waste.
First launched in early 2015 by Tessa Clarke and Saasha Celestial-One, by October 2017 the company had raised $2.2 million in funding. Olio's Series A funding was led by Octopus Ventures, with investors such as Accel, Quadia and Quentin Griffiths contributing towards the $6 million that was raised. The Olio app had around 2.3 million registered users as of Sept 2020.
See also
Food loss and waste
Sharing economy
References
External links
'Sharing with strangers: "I'm a student, this way I get free food"' (Short video feature on BBC News)
Mobile applications
O'Brien (known as O'Connor in the 1956 film adaptation of the novel) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in George Orwell's 1949 novel Nineteen Eighty-Four. The protagonist Winston Smith, living in a dystopian society governed by the Party, feels strangely drawn to Inner Party member O'Brien. Orwell never reveals O'Brien's first name. The name indicates that O'Brien is of Irish origin, but this background is never shown to have any significance.
Overview
O'Brien is a member of the Inner Party and, like Winston Smith, works in the Ministry of Truth. There, they hold an administrative position that is so distant that Winston has only a vague idea of its nature.
Winston suspects that O'Brien secretly opposes the Party. Eventually O'Brien approaches Winston with some leading remarks which seem to confirm Winston's suspicions. Winston finds the courage to approach them candidly, declaring themselves an enemy of the totalitarian state. At first, Winston's intuition seems to be correct: O'Brien presents themselves as a member of the "Brotherhood" seeking to overthrow the Party and Ingsoc. O'Brien invites Winston (who then invites Julia) to their flat where, as a member of the Inner Party they live in comparative luxury. Like Winston and Julia, O'Brien is not unfamiliar with smoking and drinking. However, as an Inner Party member, they have access to far better cigarettes and other goods than they do. Whilst visiting O'Brien at their home, Winston samples wine for the first time, finding it not to be quite as good as they had imagined. O'Brien then extracts a series of pledges from the couple that they are prepared to do anything to serve the Brotherhood, except (at Julia's protest) to separate from each other.
In truth, O'Brien is an agent of the Thought Police, and is completely loyal to the Party and to Ingsoc.  They are part of a false flag resistance movement whose goal is to find thought-criminals (anyone who has ideas deemed to be unacceptable by the Party), lure them in by pretending to be on their side, then arrest and "cure" them.
O'Brien is next seen after Winston is arrested by the Thought Police. They reveal themselves as they enter the cell by responding to Winston's exclamation, "They've got you too!", by commenting, "They got me a long time ago."
O'Brien is estimated privately by Winston as being 48–50 years old (O'Brien notices and guesses that Winston is contemplating this despite them not speaking of it). This would mean that they were born about 1934 to 1936, that they were a young man at the time of the Revolution which brought the Party to power, and that unlike Winston they clearly remember the world as it was before - though they do not share these reminiscences with their prisoner (except for demonstrating that they know the full text of "Oranges and Lemons").
Over several weeks, O'Brien tortures Winston to cure them of their "insanity", in particular their "false" notion that there exists a past and an external, self-evident reality independent of the Party; O'Brien explains that reality only exists within the human mind, and since the Party controls everyone's mind, it therefore controls reality.
 They are entirely honest about the brutal cynicism of the Party; the Party does not seek power to benefit themselves or their subjects, but simply to revel in that power: "Always, Winston, at every moment, there will be the thrill of victory, the sensation of trampling on an enemy who is helpless. If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—forever."
Even in the torture scenes, there is a strange intimacy that persists between Winston and O'Brien. O'Brien even states that Winston's mind appeals to him, and that it resembles their own mind, except that Winston happens to be "insane". Eventually, in Room 101, O'Brien tortures Winston into submission so that they "willingly" embraces the philosophy of the Party.
Inspirations
O'Brien was partly inspired by the character of Gletkin from Arthur Koestler's novel Darkness at Noon. The two characters share many common traits, including their ruthlessness and fanaticism to the government: O'Brien however is more sadistic than the cold, detached Gletkin, and prefers to use torture himself, whereas Gletkin prefers to torment their prisoners psychologically. The torture scenes (undertaken by O'Brien) were influenced in part by the stories leaked out of the USSR of the punishments inflicted on political prisoners in mental hospitals and the Gulag.
The choice of the clearly Irish surname is regarded as a reference to Brendan Bracken, under whom Orwell worked during the war creating propaganda, and whom Orwell detested. In what has been described as "one of the strangest coincidences in literature", it was revealed in 2003 that O'Brien was the codename of NKVD agent Hugh O'Donnell, who received reports on the author from their subordinate David Crook when Crook spied on Orwell during the Spanish Civil War.
Portrayals
Canadian actor Lorne Greene played O'Brien in a 1953 adaptation on the CBS anthology series Studio One (S06E01) called "1984". In the adaptation broadcast on 26 April 1953 on The United States Steel Hour radio program, Alan Hewitt played O'Brien. In the BBC Television adaptation of Nineteen Eighty-Four (1954), the character was played by André Morell. In the 2013 BBC Radio 3 adaptation, O'Brien was played by Tim Pigott-Smith.
In the 1956 film, O'Brien was renamed O'Connor, possibly to avoid confusion with Edmond O'Brien, who portrayed Winston. O'Connor was played by Michael Redgrave. In the 1984 film version, O'Brien was portrayed by Richard Burton in their final role.
The character of Corbin O'Brian in the film Snowden (2016) is thought to have been inspired by Orwell's O'Brien.
References
Nineteen Eighty-Four characters
Fictional prison officers and governors
Fictional British police officers
Literary characters introduced in 1949
Fictional writers
Fictional torturers
Fictional British people
Male characters in literature
Male literary villains
Daniel M. Oppenheimer is a professor of psychology at Carnegie Mellon University in the Department of Social and Decision Sciences. Previously, they were a professor at the UCLA Anderson School of Management. From 2004 to 2012, they worked at Princeton University's Department of Psychology.
Primarily interested in cognitive psychology, they research causal discounting, charitable giving, perceptual fluency, and people's perceptions of randomness. They won the 2006 Ig Nobel Prize in Literature for their paper "Consequences of Erudite Vernacular Utilized Irrespective of Necessity: Problems with Using Long Words Needlessly", which argues that simple writing makes authors appear more intelligent than complex writing. In 2012, they co-authored a book with political scientist Mike Edwards on political psychology and democracy, Democracy Despite Itself: Why A System That Shouldn't Work at All Works So Well.
Oppenheimer earned their BA at Rice University and their MA and PhD from Stanford University.
Books
Notes
Living people
Princeton University faculty
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Rice University alumni
Stanford University alumni
American psychologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The slaty-headed longbill or grey-winged longbill (Toxorhamphus poliopterus) is a species of bird in the family Melanocharitidae.
It is found in New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
slaty-headed longbill
Birds of New Guinea
slaty-headed longbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Macau women's national football team represents Macau in international women's association football and is governed by Macau Football Association (MFA).
History
The national federation became a FIFA affiliate in 1979.
As of June 2017, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
The country's kit colours are red and green shirts, red or white shorts, and red or white socks.
The team's first match was on 22 July 2014 against the Guam national team, in which they lost 11–0.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2014
2016
2017
2018
2019
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Players
Current squad
The following players have been selected to the squad for the.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a squad in the past 12 months.
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.Olympic Games*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.AFC Women's Asian Cup*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.EAFF E-1 Football Championship*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.''
See also
Sport in Macau
Football in Macau
Women's football in Macau
Macau men's national football team
References
External links
Official website, macaufootballassociation.com
Asian women's national association football teams
Sorolopha semiculta is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand, Taiwan, India, Sri Lanka and the Solomon Islands.
Adults are brownish grey. The hindwings are deep fuscous bronze on the posterior half, becoming fuscous grey with purplish veins on the anterior half.
References
Moths described in 1909
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
The Independent Television Floodlit Trophy or the Independent Television Floodlit Competition was a rugby league competition initiated and sponsored by ITV.
The competition was on a knock-out basis, between eight clubs, matches being played under floodlights on various London football grounds, and the second half of each game being shown live in the London Area only on Associated-Rediffusion's "Cavalcade of Sport" programme, which was aired between 8:30 and 9:30 PM.
The idea of playing sport under floodlights was still something of a novelty for most sports, and rugby league was no exception.
The second half of the matches were shown live in the London Area only and no one in the heartlands could watch. That competition only ran for this one season.
The tournament was won by Warrington, who defeated Leigh 43–18 at Loftus Road with Harry Bath, the second row forward, being the hero scoring 22 points from 2 tries and 8 goals. Each of the participating clubs received a payment of £400.
Background
ITV was launched on 24 September 1955 and the new channel, wanting to make their mark from the start, were quick to add sport to the programmes.
At this time there were no ITV broadcasts to the North of England; the Winter Hill transmitter (between Chorley and Bolton) did not become operational until 3 May 1956 when Granada TV started broadcasting.
The competition appeared to have been a little rushed as, although the Rugby League Council had been approached and negotiations had been proceeding, an agreement to run a competition was only finalised on 29 August.
The tournament
The tournament officially took place in October and November 1955, (the first match actually took place Wednesday 28 September) and the literature stated that the contestants comprised "the top four sides from each county", based on the previous seasons league positions. However, these rankings do not conform to the finishing positions in either the Championship or the county leagues from the 1954–55 season.
The first match to be played in Round 1 was between Wigan and Huddersfield, with Wigan suffering a defeat by 33–11.
Competition and results
Round 1 – first round
The first round involved four matches and eight clubs, with all games being played in London. The two teams who won by the largest points margin progressed to the final.
Table
Pos = Finishing position P = Games played W = Wins D = Draw L = Lose
PF = Points scored PA = Points against Pts = League points PD = Points scored difference
Final
See also
1955–56 Northern Rugby Football League season
1955 Lancashire Cup
1955 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
Trandiffusion
Warrington Wolves 1940's and 1950's
Wigan archives
Huddersfield Yearbook 1956
I'm Wakefield until I die
Old London Sports Venues
1955 in rugby league
1955 in English sport
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
September 1955 sports events in the United Kingdom
October 1955 sports events in the United Kingdom
November 1955 sports events in the United Kingdom
The Qingniao () were Blue or Green Birds which appear in Chinese mythology, popular stories, poetry, and religion (the Chinese are somewhat ambiguous in regard to English color vocabulary, and the word qing may and has been translated as "blue" or "green", or even "black"). Qingniao is especially regarded as the messengers or as otherwise serving the Queen Mother of the West Xi Wangmu. In some sources, three-legged Qingniao carry their messages; in other sources, a single one-legged Qingniao fetched their food. In some versions, three, sometimes three-legged, green birds brought them food: these seem to have some similarity with the Three-footed birds believed to reside in the sun. (Sometimes these birds are called "crows".) The Qingniao are an important motif and frequently depicted in myths regarding Xi Wangmu and their Western Paradise, which is generally located on the mythical Kunlun Mountain.
See also
Birds in Chinese mythology
Chinese mythology
Distinction of blue and green in various languages
Shangyang (rainbird), a mythical one-legged bird
Three-legged crow
Notes
References
Christie, Anthony (1968). Chinese Mythology. Feltham: Hamlyn Publishing. .
Yang, Lihui, et al. (2005). Handbook of Chinese Mythology. New York: Oxford University Press.
Mythological and legendary Chinese birds
Chinese poetry allusions
Berrien County Youth Fair Indoor Expo Complex is a 2,896-seat indoor arena located in Berrien Springs, Michigan, built as part of the Berrien County Fairgrounds. It will be used for concerts, sports, conventions and graduation ceremonies. The arena will be funded entirely by donations and corporate sponsorships.
Amenities
The 96,000-square-foot indoor arena will feature 18 luxury suites and 66,500 square feet of arena floor space. Of the 2,896 permanent seats at the arena, 1,866 are chairback seats.
The Expo Arena will also feature an adjacent 120,000-square-foot stable and stalling area with 504 stalls, a 20,400-square-foot warm-up ring and six wash bays. Both the arena and the stable and stalling area will be connected by a 24,000-square-foot concourse.
The arena will be designed to compete with the Joyce Center and other venues in South Bend, Indiana for concerts and other events in the Michiana region. The arena, expected to be completed in April 2013, is expected to be built in seven months at a cost of $17–$20 million.
External links
Official website
References
Convention centers in Michigan
Indoor arenas in Michigan
Sports venues in Michigan
Wheel of Fortune (X) is one of 78 cards in a tarot deck and is the tenth trump or Major Arcana card in most tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Description
The card pictured is the Wheel Of Fortune card from the Rider–Waite tarot deck. A.E. Waite was a key figure in the development of the tarot in line with the Hermetic magical-religious system which was also being developed at the time, and this deck, as well as being in common use today, also forms the basis for a number of other modern tarot decks.
According to Waite's 1910 book Pictorial Key to the Tarot, the Wheel of Fortune card carries several divinatory associations:
10.WHEEL OF FORTUNE—Destiny, fortune, success, elevation, luck, felicity. Reversed: Increase, abundance, superfluity.
The Wheel Of Fortune card, like other cards of the Major Arcana, varies widely in depiction between tarot decks. The card has been modeled ever since the tarot's inception in the 15th century after the medieval concept of Rota Fortunae, the wheel of the goddess Fortuna. Images generally show a six- or eight-spoked wheel, often attended or crested by an individual (sometimes human; sometimes a Sphinx-like half-human) attired in an Egyptian-style headdress. In some decks, such as the AG Müller, the wheel is also attended by an individual wearing a blindfold; and often there are people sitting or riding on the wheel whilst others are shown falling from it.
The wheel is not always shown inscribed with any lettering. Where this is the case, the letters T-A-R-O (clockwise) or T-O-R-A (counterclockwise) can often be found aligned against four of the spokes, which can also be interpreted as R-O-T-A, the Latin word meaning "wheel". In some decks, such as the Waite, the wheel is also inscribed with additional alchemical symbols representing the four elements: Earth, Air, Fire and Water (which are also said to be represented throughout the tarot by the four "suits" of Pentacles or Discs, Wands, Swords, and Cups respectively. These emblems can also be seen on the Magician's table in the Magician card [Card I]).
On the Waite card shown, though not necessarily on others, there are also four winged creatures in the corners of the card, representing the symbols of the four Evangelists (The Lion, the Ox, the Man and the Eagle). These four Evangelists are also represented by the four fixed astrological signs: Taurus, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. In addition a representation of the god Anubis is seen rising with the wheel on the right side, while the snake-like Typhon descends on the left. On the wheel, alternating with the letters T-A-R-O are the Hebrew letters י-ה-ו-ה, usually transliterated as YHWH (Yahweh - Hebrew for God).
Interpretation
A common aspect to most interpretations of this card within a reading is to introduce an element of change in the querent's life, such change being in station, position or fortune: such as the rich becoming poor, or the poor becoming rich.
References
External links
Major Arcana
Chamaesomatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida.
Genera:
Asturasoma Mauriès, 1982
Chamaesoma Ribaut & Verhoeff, 1913
Krauseuma Mauriès & Barraqueta, 1985
Marboreuma Mauriès, 1988
Meinerteuma Mauriès, 1982
Speudosoma Ribaut, 1927
Xystrosoma Ribaut, 1927
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
Wenzhou Museum () is a museum run by the city of Wenzhou, located on Shifu Road, Lucheng District.
Description
Wenzhou Museum was established in May 1958 at Xingqing Temple (兴庆寺), , with as its first director. It was Wenzhou's first general museum. During the Cultural Revolution the museum was closed and incorporated into , but in 1981 it was established again as Wenzhou Museum.
In early October 2003, Wenzhou Museum opened a new location on the west side of Shiji Plaza on a trial basis. After a month, it was closed again to be improved, then officially opened on 12 January 2004. Entry became free in March 2008. The new location occupies an area of about 2.34 hectares, and the building's floor area is 26,000 square meters, with an exhibition area of 12,000 square meters. The exhibits include history, painting, calligraphy, pottery, nature, handicrafts, the Wang Weixin Copperplate Exhibition Room, and temporary exhibits. The architectural design of the new museum was inspired by the Yandang Mountains The entrance is decorated with banyan tree sculptures, and on the granite walls of the lobby are nine hanging copper sculptures depicting Chinese myths: Pangu separating heaven and earth, Nüwa mending the sky, Kuafu chasing the sun, Jingwei filling the sea, Hou Yi shooting at the suns, Chang'e flying to the moon, Shennong and Fuxi, Suiren making fire, and Yu the Great taming the floods. The history section was remodeled starting in 2015, and was reopened on a trial basis on 21 January 2017, then officially opened on International Museum Day, 18 May 2017.
The museum has a collection of more than 30,000 artifacts in 20 categories, including bronzeware, pottery, painted sculptures, lacquerware, , and painting and calligraphy. Its most distinctive items are pottery, painted sculptures, paintings, and calligraphy.
In 2017, Wenzhou Museum was appraised by the and included in batch three of the national first-grade museums of China.
Gallery
References
External links
National first-grade museums of China
Culture in Wenzhou
Buildings and structures in Wenzhou
Museums in Zhejiang
The Pacific Building is a 22-story building in the Central Business District of Downtown Seattle, Washington. It is located at 720 Third Avenue. It was completed in 1971.
History
The Pacific Building Corporation, ran by prominent developer and engineer Richard H. Hadley (the son of Homer Hadley, pioneer in building floating bridges), oversaw the construction and development of the Pacific Building.
On May 16, 1968 The engineering firm Dames & Moore had completed its "Report of Soils Investigation, Proposed Multi-Story Pacific Building, Third Avenue and Columbia Street, Seattle, Washington" for the Pacific Building Corporation. The work included drilling three exploratory borings at the building site, conducting appropriate laboratory tests, and undertaking engineering analyses and evaluations to determine appropriate means of foundation support and develop foundation design criteria.
By 1995, the building was half empty, with tenants filling several of the lower floors. This was partly the cause of Continental Savings Bank (now HomeStreet Bank) terminating its lease with the Pacific Building in 1992, where it occupied around 45,000 square feet on seven floors. The bank had been headquartered there since the building opened in 1971. By 2001 roughly 90% of floor space was being utilized, during which time it was being managed by Martin Smith Inc.
On December 5, 2007 Meriwether Partners purchased the building from LHT Corporation as Pacific Building Partners LLC for $34 million or $264 per rentable square foot. At the time, the building was 86% leased by 33 tenants. The company implemented a multi-million dollar renovation plan for the interior and exterior of the building, remodeling the main floor lobby and elevator cabs, upgrading multi-tenant lobbies and corridors, improving the parking garage controls, installing a new fire sprinkler system, and installing a new canopy system along Third Avenue.
During May 2014, public records show The Office of Professional Accountability, affiliated with the Seattle Police department, entered a 10-year lease on the 18th floor, accommodating 8,226 rentable square feet. The lease rate began at $29.50 per square foot per year, with a $0.75 per square foot annual increases, ending at $36.25 per square foot per year ($307,138 per year) by 2024.
The building was sold October 2014 to Brickman for $50.35 million.
Gallery
References
Commercial buildings completed in 1971
Office buildings completed in 1971
Office buildings in Seattle
Skyscraper office buildings in Seattle
Downtown Seattle
The Ministry of Culture and Sports of the Republic of Uzbekistan (), is a body of the Government of Uzbekistan that responsible for state policy in cultural spheres, Art, Cinematography, archives, inter-nations issues, and sports.
References
Government of Uzbekistan
Culture and Sports
DAT politics is a French electronic band created in 1999. Their energetic live shows explain the cult like enthusiasm that surrounds the French electronic combo as they've been touring the world extensively over the years. The two founders members (also known as Tone Rec and Skipp) are also involved in visuals and graphic design which leads them to create their own records covers, websites, T-shirts, videos etc.
The music of the duo is often classified under the electropop genre and described as catchy, melodic and eminently danceable. For 10 years, they've been influential for a lot of young electronic composers worldwide. Since 2002, their music is hosted by the glamorous electronic rock label Chicks On Speed.
They collaborated and played with the main electronic experimental acts such as Matmos, Mouse On Mars, Dan Deacon, Black Dice, Aphex Twin, Squarepusher, Goodiepal, Pan Sonic, Felix Kubin, scratch pet land, Kid 606…
They played at numerous techno parties and festivals all over the world such as Warp Electrowerk in England, Sonar Night, Baltimore in the USA, Dour Festival in Belgium or Donau Festival in Austria.
They appeared on many compilations, including iTunes Essentials, alongside French Touch 2.0 artists like Mr Oizo, Daft Punk and Kavinsky.
They remixed a bunch of international electronic producers and most recently Yacht on the New York label DFA.
An EP, People R Inside, was released in 2011. (including remixes of Kap Bambino and Yacht)
In 2012, they released a new album called "BLITZ GAZER" through Sub Rosa. A new album, No Void was released in 2015, having been recorded in a northern French cabin with toy instruments together with drum machines and synthesizers.
Discography
(1999) Tracto Flirt - Tigerbeat6
(2000) Villiger - A-musik
(2001) Sous Hit - Tigerbeat6
(2002) Plugs Plus - COS Rec
(2004) Go Pets Go - COS Rec
(2006) Wow Twist - COS Rec
(2007) Are Oui Phony - Tigerbeat6
(2009) Mad Kit - COS Rec
(2011) People R Inside - IDD
(2012) BLITZ GAZER - Sub Rosa
(2015) No Void - Shitkatapult
References
External links
Official fanpage
French electronic music groups
The list of shipwrecks in July 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during July 1875.
1 July
2 July
3 July
4 July
5 July
6 July
8 July
9 July
10 July
11 July
12 July
13 July
14 July
15 July
16 July
17 July
18 July
19 July
20 July
21 July
23 July
25 July
26 July
27 July
28 July
29 July
30 July
31 July
Unknown date
References
Bibliography
Ingram, C. W. N., and Wheatley, P. O., (1936) Shipwrecks: New Zealand disasters 1795–1936. Dunedin, NZ: Dunedin Book Publishing Association.
1875-07
Maritime incidents in July 1875
Preloge () is a small settlement in the hills northwest of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The Municipality of Semič is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Preloge at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
The second I-22 was one of five Type C cruiser submarines of the C1 sub-class built of the Imperial Japanese Navy. During World War II, they operated as the mother ship for a midget submarine during the attack on Pearl Harbor and the attack on Sydney Harbour, supported Japanese forces during the Battle of the Coral Sea, and served in the Guadalcanal campaign. They were sunk in October 1942.
Design and description
The Type C submarines were derived from the earlier KD6 sub-class of the with a heavier torpedo armament for long-range attacks. They displaced surfaced and submerged. The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of . They had a diving depth of .
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft. When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the C1s had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight internal bow torpedo tubes and carried a total of 20 torpedoes. They were also armed with a single /40 deck guns and two single or twin mounts for Type 96 anti-aircraft guns. They were equipped to carry one Type A midget submarine aft of the conning tower.
Construction and commissioning
Ordered under the 3rd Naval Armaments Supplement Programme and built by Kawasaki at Kobe, Japan, I-22 was laid down on 25 November 1937 with the name Submarine No. 47. While they were on the building ways, they were renamed I-22, the second submarine of that number, the first I-22 being renumbered on 1 June 1938 to make the number I-22 available for them They were launched on 23 December 1938 and was completed and commissioned on 10 March 1941.
Service history
Pre-World War II
Upon commissioning, I-22 was attached to the Yokosuka Naval District and assigned to the Yokosuka Guard Unit Training Squadron. They were reassigned to Submarine Division 3 in Submarine Squadron 1 in the 6th Fleet on 15 July 1941.
On 22 October 1941, I-22 moved from Saeki to the Kure Naval Arsenal in Kure. At Kure, they became the first submarine to undergo conversion into a mother ship for a Type A midget submarine. The submarines , , , and also underwent the conversion. On 30 October 1941, I-22 replaced the submarine as flagship of Submarine Division 3.
At the Kure Navy Club in Kure on 17 November 1941, the commander of Submarine Division 3 briefed the commanding officers of the five converted submarines on the upcoming attack on Pearl Harbor and on the role of their submarines in it. They had been designated the commander of the Special Attack Unit, made up of all five submarines, each of which was to launch a Type A midget submarine off Pearl Harbor so that the midget submarines could participate in the attack. I-22 was to serve as flagship of the Special Attack unit.
On 18 November 1941, the five submarines moved from Kure to the Kamegakubi Naval Proving Ground, where each embarked a Type A midget submarine. At 02:15 on 19 November 1941, the five submarines got underway from Kamegakubi bound for the Hawaiian Islands, taking a direct route that took them south of Midway Atoll. While at sea, they received the message "Climb Mount Niitaka 1208" () from the Combined Fleet on 2 December 1941, indicating that war with the Allies would commence on 8 December 1941 Japan time, which was on 7 December 1941 on the other side of the International Date Line in Hawaii.
World War II
Pearl Harbor
At 01:10 on 7 December 1941, I-22 reached the launch position for their midget submarine, No. 15, south of the entrance to Pearl Harbor. They launched No. 15 at 01:16. They sighted the silhouettes of two ships resembling heavy cruisers at 02:00 and submerged. They heard a heavy explosion at 07:12, followed by a second at 07:13 and a third at 08:18.
No. 15 apparently succeeded in penetrating the defenses of Pearl Harbor. At 08:30, while the air attack on the harbor was underway, the destroyer minesweeper reported sighting a midget submarine — likely No. 15 — astern of the repair ship . The destroyer minelayer next sighted the submarine, followed by the seaplane tender , which opened fire on it, as did Medusa and the seaplane tender . The submarine fired a torpedo at Curtiss, then broached. Before it could submerge again, .50-caliber machine-gun fire raked it and a shell hit its conning tower, decapitating its commanding officer. Meanwhile, the destroyer had sighted the submarine off their starboard bow and steered toward it, intending to ram it. The submarine turned toward Monaghan and fired its second and last torpedo, which missed close aboard off Monaghan′s starboard side and exploded on the shore of Ford Island. Monaghan rammed the submarine, driving it to the bottom of the deep harbor, and dropped two depth charges which blew the submarine back to the surface. It then sank northwest of Ford Island with the loss of both members of its crew.
At sea, I-22 underwent repeated depth-charge attacks between 09:50 and 12:43, but suffered no damage. They surfaced at 18:06 and made for an area west of Lanai where plans called for the recovery of the midget submarines. They reached the area at 23:14. When none of the midget submarines arrived, they left at 06:00 on 8 December for an alternative recovery area, where they began a search on the surface for the midget submarines at 18:00, again finding none. The commander of the Special Attack Unit ordered them back to the primary recovery area off Lanai again on 9 December, but there still was no trace of the midget submarines or their crews. At 01:22 on 10 December, they received orders claiming that one of the midget submarines had achieved an unspecified "important victory" during the 7 December attack and instructing both I-22 and I-16 to continue to search for the midget submarines and their crews until dawn on 11 December. I-22 attempted to contact No. 15 by radio on 10 December, and at 18:02 began a search on the surface south of Molokai. Ultimately, none of the five midget submarines returned, and at dawn on 11 December, I-22 was off Lanai when they received orders to suspend the search and join I-18 in bombarding Johnston Island. They departed the Hawaiian Islands.
On 15 December 1941, I-22 approached Johnston Island in a rain squall. They opened fire with their deck gun from offshore. Them first two rounds bracketed the island. Them third shot set fire to an oil storage tank that fueled a nearby power station. They fired at the burning tank for ten minutes, hitting several other buildings. One shell landed astern of the U.S. Navy transport , which was anchored inside the reef. Another shell passed over William Ward Burrows′s forecastle, but the ship suffered no hits. The United States Marine Corps forces on the island returned fire with guns, but the Marine gunfire was inaccurate, and I-22 remained on the surface as they departed the area unscathed at . They arrived at Kwajalein on 21 December 1941.
First war patrol
On 4 January 1942, I-22 departed Kwajalein in company with I-18 and I-24 on their first war patrols, assigned patrol areas off the Hawaiian Islands. They reached their assigned patrol area southeast of Oahu on 10 January and operated there uneventfully until either 18 or 20 January 1942, when they set course for the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands to reconnoiter the French Frigate Shoals to determine whether U.S. forces were present there. They conducted a brief reconnaissance of the French Frigate Shoals on 24 January 1942, then proceeded to Yokosuka, which they reached on 2 February 1942 in company with I-24.
February–April 1942
I-22 moved to Kure later in February 1942, and on 10 March 1942 they were reassigned to Submarine Squadron 8. By 15 April 1942, they were assigned to Submarine Division 3 with I-21 and I-24, which together with Submarine Division 14 — consisting of , , and — made up the Eastern Advanced Detachment, which was under the overall command of Submarine Division 3′s commander.
On 15 April 1942, I-22 got underway from Kure bound for Truk along with the other submarines of the detachment. During their voyage, 16 United States Army Air Forces B-25 Mitchell bombers launched by the aircraft carrier struck targets on Honshu in the Doolittle Raid on 18 April 1942. The detachment received orders that day to divert from its voyage and head east-northeast at flank speed to intercept the U.S. Navy task force that had launched the strike, but the orders were canceled on 19 April and the submarines resumed their voyage to Truk, which they reached on 24 April 1942.
Second war patrol
On 30 April 1942, I-22, I-24, I-28, and I-29 got underway from Truk to form a patrol line southwest of Guadalcanal in support of Operation MO, a planned Japanese invasion of Tulagi in the Solomon Islands and Port Moresby on New Guinea. While they were en route, the Battle of the Coral Sea began on 4 May 1942 as Allied forces moved to block the Japanese offensive. As the battle continued, the four submarines arrived in their assigned areas and formed their patrol line on 5 May 1942. While the Japanese seized Tulagi and were turned back from Port Moresby, I-22′s patrol passed quietly. They received orders on 11 May 1942 to return to Truk. While they were en route, the submarine sighted two Japanese submarines — probably I-22 and I-24 — proceeding separately on the surface and unsuccessfully attacked one of them early on the morning of 17 May 1942, but a few hours later sank I-28, which was trailing I-22 and I-24 on the same course. I-22 arrived safely at Truk later that day.
Attack on Sydney Harbour and fourth war patrol
On the day they arrived at Truk, I-22 and embarked a Type A midget submarine. They got underway in company with I-24 and I-27 on 18 May 1942 bound for Sydney, Australia, to launch a midget submarine attack against ships in Sydney Harbour. During their voyage, the three submarines received reconnaissance reports from I-29, which launched a floatplane to reconnoiter Sydney Harbour on 23 May 1942, and I-21, whose Yokosuka E14Y1 (Allied reporting name "Glen") floatplane conducted a reconnaissance flight early on the morning of 29 May 1942 and sighted the heavy cruiser at Sydney, mistakenly reporting them as a battleship. That day, the commander of the Eastern Advanced Detachment ordered the three submarines to launch the midget submarine attack.
On 30 May 1942, I-22, I-24, and I-27 arrived off Sydney. Between 17:21 and 17:40 on 31 May, each launched their midget submarine to begin what became known as the Attack on Sydney Harbour. I-22′s midget, M21, reached the harbor, where the patrol boat tried to ram her, then dropped depth charges. M21 survived Yandra′s attack, but when the patrol vessel attacked them off Taylors Bay and disabled her, M21′s two-man crew shot themselves to death. Allied forces later found M21 on the harbor bottom with their motor still running. I-24′s and I-27′s midget submarines also were lost.
I-22, I-24, and I-27 loitered off Sydney until 3 June 1942 in the hope of recovering their midget submarines, then gave up hope and departed the area, splitting up to begin anti-shipping patrols. I-22 was tasked to conduct a reconnaissance of Wellington and Auckland, New Zealand, and Suva in the Fiji Islands. They carried out a periscope reconnaissance of Wellington on 8 and 9 June 1942, and on 9 June a New Zealand military post sighted them on the surface in Mahinepua Bay off the Cavalli Islands, reporting their 337 degrees northeast and from the islands at 10:30 and 302 degrees northeast and from them at 11:00. They attacked a small steamer off Portland Island at 14:18 on 10 June, but their torpedo passed under the steamer′s hull without exploding and the ship escaped. They reconnoitered Hauraki Gulf and Auckland after dark that evening, Suva on 17 and 18 June, and Auckland again on 19 June. and arrived at Kwajalein with I-21, I-24, I-27, and I-29 on 25 June 1942. They left Kwajalein on 5 July bound for Yokosuka, which they reached on 11 July 1942.
Fourth war patrol
During I-22′s stay at Yokosuka, the Guadalcanal campaign began on 7 August 1942 with U.S. amphibious landings on Guadalcanal, Tulagi, Florida Island, Gavutu, and Tanambogo in the southeastern Solomon Islands. On 11 September 1942, I-22 departed Yokosuka bound for the Solomon Islands to conduct their fifth war patrol, and while at sea received orders on 15 September 1942 to join a patrol line southwest of Rennell Island. They reported sighting a northbound Allied convoy southeast of Malaita on 1 October and reported their position southeast of Malaita on 4 October 1942. They were never heard from again.
Loss
At 21:50 Greenwich Mean Time on 6 October 1942, a U.S. Navy PBY-5A Catalina flying boat flying southwest from Henderson Field on Guadalcanal sighted I-22 submerging in the Coral Sea at . The plane dropped four depth charges. Oil and bubbles appeared on the surface, marking the end of I-22 with the loss of all 100 men on board.
On 12 November 1942, the Imperial Japanese Navy declared I-22 to be presumed lost with all hands. They were stricken from the Navy list on 15 December 1942.
After World War II, the U.S. Joint Army-Navy Assessment Committee officially credited the U.S. Navy PT boat PT-122 with sinking I-22 off the Kumusi River on the coast of New Guinea during the night of 23–24 December 1942. This subsequently was disproved.
Notes
References
Type C1 submarines
Ships built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries
1938 ships
Attack on Pearl Harbor
World War II submarines of Japan
Japanese submarines lost during World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Shipwrecks in the Coral Sea
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in October 1942
Submarines sunk by aircraft
Ships sunk by US aircraft
Dovydas Šakinis (born July 2, 1992) is a Lithuanian professional tennis player and a member of Lithuania Davis Cup team.
Šakinis started playing tennis at the age of six, they trained at the Šiauliai tennis school. As a junior player they reached the world No. 73 combined ranking on ITF junior circuit (on January 4, 2010). Šakinis studied liberal arts at Dartmouth College in the United States from 2012 to 2016.
Davis Cup
Šakinis is a member of the Lithuania Davis Cup team, having posted a 3–5 record in singles and a 1–3 record in doubles in ten ties played.
References
External links
Dovydas Šakinis at the Šiauliai tennis school
Lithuanian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Šiauliai
1992 births
Living people
Ali Haider Tabatabai (or Syed Ali Hyder Nazm Tabatabai) born 1854 in Awadh, died 1933 in Hyderabad Deccan, India, was a poet, translator and a scholar of languages. They descended from a long line of soldiers. They translated into Urdu Thomas Gray's "Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard".
References
1854 births
1933 deaths
English–Urdu translators
Urdu-language poets from India
Indian scholars
Kanakachilanga is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966. It is an adaptation of the Bollywood movie Kismet, starring Ashok Kumar and Mumtaz Shanti. It is the first Malayalam film that included an additional scene after the release.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Muthayya
Adoor Bhasi
Manavalan Joseph
T. K. Balachandran
Thikkurishi
Pankajavalli
Pathmini
Sukumari
References
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Burma National Literature Awards for Translation () is a literary prize awarded each year for an author who has translated from the foreign language by the government committee.
This award has been awarded since 1962 .This award has two sections : Fiction and General Knowledge.
National Literature Award for Translation (Fiction)
No awards were given in the years not listed.
National Literature Award for Translation (General Knowledge)
See also
Myanmar National Literature Award
References
1962 establishments in Burma
Translation awards
Burmese literary awards
A "jeweled hand box", "jewel box", "jeweled box", "treasure box", "casket", etc., is the name of a mysterious box that in the Japanese folk tale "Urashima Tarō", is a parting gift that the fisherman Urashima Tarō receives from mistress of the sea (Otohime), after their stay at the Dragon Palace (or Hōrai), to which they were invited after saving a turtle.
Katami no hako "memento box" is another name by which the box is referred to in the tale.
Tamakushige "comb box" is the name that occurs in earlier precursors, such as the anecdote of Ura-no-Shimako (Urashima-no-ko) in the Fudoki of Tango Province and the Manyōshū (8th century). The term tamatebako was first employed in reference to the tale in a quoted poem in Otogizōshi.
Etymology and aliases
Tamatebako is literally rendered "jewel-hand-box" but sometimes it is seen as not imparting any special meaning and translated as "casket". It was glossed as meaning
a "beautiful box" by McKeon.
The first instance of its use in the Urashima tale is in an inserted poem in the Otogizōshi. And there seems to be a double entendre word-play since tama can mean "jewel" or "soul".
The box is also referred to as "memento box" in Otogizōshi texts.
Modern version
The tamatebako appears in the story of "Urashima Tarō", whose modern version are generally all based on the national textbook. It is told that Urashima Tarō the fisherman was invited to a sea palace (Ryūgū or Dragon Palace) by the princess (Otohime) after saving a turtle. They spent a number of days, fed and entertained and upon their leaving received the tamatebako ("treasure box") with explicit instructions to never open the box. When they returned, their parents had died and they recognized no one. In dismay they forgot the princess's caution. When they opened the tamatebako, a white puff of smoke escaped, and they were transformed into an old, white haired man.
It is understood during the short time they spent at the Dragon Palace, many years had elapsed in the world back home. Otohime had stored their old age away in the tamatebako, which Urashima Tarō released.
Seki's variant
A is given to Urashima Tarō and the princess actually encourages them to use it in the moment of need. This is what occurs in "Urashima Taro" variant collected by Keigo Seki, a telling from Nakatado District, Kagawa.
When they opened the lid of the box, the first box contained crane's feather; the second box issued a puff of white smoke that transformed them into an old man; the third box held a mirror for them to look at himself. The feather from the first box then fastened itself on their back, now transforming Urashima into a crane, and the princess appeared in the guise of a turtle to see him.
A version with the three-tiered "Tamatebako" (jeweled hand-box) was also published in English by the Japanese foreign ministry in 1969.
Early versions
The box is referred to as "comb box" in a precursor tale, recorded as historical in the Fudoki of Tango Province, where the principal character is known by the slightly different name, Ura-no-Shimako, and the female identifies themselves as a member of the immortals.
Shimako's visit to the Horaisan (Mount Penglai) or "Tokoyo-no-kuni" ("Timeless Land" or "Land of Eternity") lasts three years, at the end of which they are given the box as a gift.
The legend in the Manyōshū refers also to a , translated "jewel-casket" by Aston, which Urashima receives from the lady or daughter of the Sea-God (Watatsumi).
Poem and expression
In several of the Otogizōshi texts of Urashima Tarō is inserted the waka poem which is an allusion to Urashima:
"The night of meet you [is like] Urashima opening the tametebako, [when night turns to dawn] the regret and my tears".
The "akete kuyashiki" in the poem might be restated as "mortified by the opening" of the box.
The poem led to the common stock phrase "opened to their regret (mortification), the tamatebako".
Local legends
A Tamatebako is enshrined in the Urashima Jinja in the Tango Peninsula in northern Kyoto Prefecture.
Explanatory notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Texts
(reprinted in)
(text image)
Studies
Japanese folklore
George Arthur Neeley (August 1, 1879January 1, 1919) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Detroit, Illinois, Neeley attended public schools in Joplin, Missouri and Wellston, Oklahoma. They earned a B.S. from Southwestern Baptist University in Jackson, Tennessee in 1902, and a J.D. from the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas in 1904. They were employed for a while as a farmer and a teacher, before becoming a lawyer in private practice. They were an unsuccessful candidate for United States Representative to the 61st Congress in 1910.
Neeley was elected as a Democrat in a special election to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Edmond H. Madison to the 62nd Congress and to the succeeding Congress (January 9, 1912 - March 3, 1915). They were not a candidate for reelection to the 64th Congress in 1914, but was an unsuccessful candidate for election to the United States Senate. They died in Hutchinson, Kansas, and was interred in Oak Park Cemetery, Chandler, Oklahoma.
Their daughter was Science Fiction author Margaret St. Clair.
References
1879 births
1919 deaths
People from Pike County, Illinois
Politicians from Joplin, Missouri
People from Lincoln County, Oklahoma
University of Kansas School of Law alumni
Kansas lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Hirdepur is a small village in Bihiya block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 294, in 39 households. It is located west of the town of Bihiya.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Corazón Partido (Broken Heart), is a Spanish-language telenovela produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo and Argos Comunicacion. This limited-run series ran for 90 episodes from November 1, 2005 to June 16, 2006. This telenovela was aired in 17 countries around the world.
Story
"Corazón Partido" tells the story of a young woman that returns to their country in search of the son that was tragically taken from their arms at birth. Out of the 25 million people that inhabit the city, they will meet a married man and fall desperately in love with him, without knowing that they are the adoptive father of their lost child.
Cast
Danna García - Aura Echarri Medina
José Ángel Llamas - Adrian Rincon / Santiago Rincon
Saby Kamalich - Virginia Graham
Carlos Torres Torrija - César Echarri #1
Julio Bracho Castillo - César Echarri #2
Ximena Rubio - Nelly Zambrano
Anna Ciocchetti - Fernanda Medina
Khotan Fernández - Sergio Garza
Alejandro Cava - Ramón Cadena 'El Tanque'
Alejandra Lazcano - Claudia
Angeles Marin - Ernestina de Zambrano
Carlos de la Mota - German Garza
Enrique Singer - Rogelio Garza
Evangelina Martinez - Consuelo 'Chelo' Delgado
Giovan Ramos - Nelson Córdoba
Gizeth Galatea - Rocio
Juan Carlos Barreto - Erasmo
Juan Luis Orendain - Gregorio Medina Arce
Karina Mora - Alejandra Garza
Luis Gerardo Mendez - Ignacio 'Nacho' Echarri
Paco Mauri - Amador Zambrano
Patricia Marrero - Filomena Bolado
Sergio Adriano Ortiz Garda - Esteban Rincon Zambrano
Alejandro Felipe - Piquin
Toni Helling - Betina
Eréndira Dávalos - Rosa
Mario Loría - Hilberto
References
External links
2005 telenovelas
2006 telenovelas
2005 American television series debuts
2006 American television series endings
2005 Mexican television series debuts
2006 Mexican television series endings
2005 Chilean television series debuts
2006 Chilean television series endings
Mexican telenovelas
Argos Comunicación telenovelas
Telemundo telenovelas
Television series by Universal Television
Janice Turner (born 8 April 1964) is a British journalist, and a columnist and feature writer for The Times.
Early life
Turner was born in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. They went to Ridgewood School in the north of Doncaster. They attended the University of Sussex, where they spent a year as an elected Student Union Officer and edited the Unionews magazine.
Career
Before taking up their present post at The Times, Turner was a magazine editor for several women's titles, launching That's Life and Real. They left to write occasional columns for The Guardian and wrote a column about magazines for the Press Gazette.
Accolades
Turner won Interviewer of the Year in the 2014 and 2019 British Press Awards. They were shortlisted for best columnist in 2005, 2007, and 2008, 2016 (highly commended), 2017, 2018 and 2019. They were shortlisted for best interviewer in 2006 and 2017. They were short-listed for the 2017 Orwell Prize. Turner won the 2020 Orwell Prize for Journalism. They won "Interviewer of the Year – Broadsheet" at the 2020 Press Awards. They won Comment Journalist of the Year at the 2018 British Journalism Awards.
In 2016, Turner won the award "A Woman's Voice" in the Editorial Intelligence awards which they declined with the following statement:
Writing about transgender people
Turner is known for their columns about transgender people, including "Children sacrificed to appease trans lobby", "The battle over gender has turned bloody", and "Trans rapists are a danger in women's jails". Helen Belcher, co-founder of Trans Media Watch, condemned Turner's columns, writing that Turner painted trans people as "dangerous sex offenders" and linking Times columns such as Turner's to trans teen suicides. Turner condemned Belcher's comments, calling them "ghastly" and "libelous". The Times defended Turner, writing that "Concerns of biological women must not be silenced".
In 2019, Turner tweeted that trans model and activist Munroe Bergdorf was unfit to be an ambassador for Childline because Bergdorf was a "porn model" who had posed for Playboy. Bergdorf denied ever participating in porn, and stated it was wrong to demonize persons that do in any case.
Personal life
Turner married Ben Preston, executive editor of The Sunday Times, a former editor of the Radio Times, and a former deputy editor of The Times, and the son of Peter Preston, in 1995. The couple have two sons. They live in Camberwell, South London.
References
Alumni of the University of Sussex
British journalists
People from Doncaster
People from East Dulwich
The Times journalists
Living people
Preston family
Year of birth missing (living people)
British republicans
Pet Fed is the biggest pet festival held in India, with its main editions held annually at New Delhi, Mumbai and Bengaluru. The first every edition was organised on 1 November 2014 at Dilli Haat INA in New Delhi.
It has consistently witnessed a footfall of over 60,000+ visitors and 9,000+ pets cumulatively in all cities. Pet Fed also holds the title for ‘Biggest Dog Carnival' in the Limca Book of Records.
Pet Fed 2014
Delhi Pet Fed 2014
The first ever Pet Fed was hosted by Mydea Ventures Private Limited on 1 November 2014 at Dilli Haat, New Delhi, India as a full day festival for pets and pet lovers. It was organised by three 22-year-old entrepreneurs, Akshay Gupta, Aishwarya Tandon and Ravdeep Anand.
It showcased stalls by several Indian pet care brands, including but not restricted to, Choostix, Dogspot.in, PetSetGo, Heads Up For Tails, Pets Empire and many others along with NGOs working for animal welfare like People For Animals.
Pet Fed lasted for a day and included several games, interactive sessions, workshops by dog trainers, fashion show and more. Around 5,000 people attended the event. This edition was hosted as a non-ticketed event and was open for all.
As traditionally associated with dog shows, several pet parents participated in the fest with their dogs and enjoyed various activities and games organised for them.
The convention was also graced by the presence of Honourable Union Cabinet Minister for Women and Child Development and avid animal rights activist, Smt. Maneka Gandhi.
Pet Fed 2015
Kolkata Pet Fed 2015
The first express edition of Pet Fed happened in Kolkata at Science City Kolkata from 28 February to 1 March 2015. The Kolkata express edition saw participation from major pet care brands like Pedigree Petfoods, Himalaya Wellness, Drools, and many more along with non-pet care brands like Daikin.
Delhi Pet Fed 2015
The second edition of Pet Fed was held in Delhi on 15 December 2015 at Garden of Five Senses. Like the first edition, Pet Fed 2015 remained a non-ticketed event and saw a record breaking 9,500 visitors with more than 1,000 dogs. The fest had a dedicated off-leash zone for pets, free health check-ups, dog grooming, fashion show and much more. This edition also saw participation from brands like Grofers, T.G.I. Friday's along with all the major pet care brands and even a book launch by the title Fluffy & Me.
Pet Fed 2016
Delhi Pet Fed 2016
The third of Pet Fed India was held in Delhi from 17 to 18 December 2016 at NSIC Grounds. Pet Fed now qualified as a ticketed event and witnessed a huge surge in the turnout - with over 20,000 visitors and more than 2,500 pets flocked in to experience the making of what would soon be India's Biggest Pet Festival. The fest had more than 100 stalls of pet care brands like Royal Canin, Drools, Choostix, Dogspot.in, PetSetGo and many more which showcased their products and services; and several NGOs working for animal welfare.
Many non-pet care brands also showcased their products like Tata Motors, Mahou-San Miguel Group, Panasonic and more. A dedicated off-leash zone & play area for pets was set-up along with dog grooming, fashion show, training workshops and more. For the first time, an award ceremony was also conducted to recognise the work of companies and professionals in the pet care industry.
A Guinness World Record for most dogs wearing bandanas was also conducted at this edition of Pet Fed.
Dino Morea, an actor, model and a successful entrepreneur officially joined hands with Pet Fed as they were on boarded as an investor.
Pet Fed 2017
Delhi Pet Fed 2017
The fourth edition of Pet Fed was held on 2-3 December at NSIC Grounds and witnessed a footfall of over 20,000 visitors and 3,000 pets. The aim was to make these two days memorable for pets and their parents and strengthening the bond that they shared.
There were a plethora of stage activities & shows like Temptation alley, Pet's Got Talent, Fashion Show, Security Dog Show by trained professionals that turned out to be a major hit among the visitors.
More than 120 brands, which are essential to the livelihood of pets and their humans, exhibited their products at the fest. Dogsee Chew, Orijen & Acana were some of the major brands that exhibited their products.
There was a dedicated food court for humans where brands like Social, WOW Momos, Chaayos & Imperfecto also participated.
Mumbai Pet Fed 2017
Pet Fed's first move to Mumbai happened on 16 & 17 December at MMRDA Grounds. The reception of the event was huge as the event saw 19,000+ humans and 2,500+ pets in attendance.
The excitement was galore with the presence of celebrities like Dino Morea, Ashutosh Gowariker, Chunky Panday & Ananya Panday, Aditya Thakrey, Minissha Lamba, Pooja Chopra who had come with their dogs. Other celebrities like Sidharth Malhotra, Malaika Arora, Karan Kundra & VJ Anusha gave this festival for pets a shout out on their Social Media.
Pet Fed was awarded the Limca Book of records in Mumbai, the same year, for being the biggest gathering of dogs at an event in India.
Over 120 brands had participated in the festival with some popular pet care brands like Royal Canin, Drools & delirious food brands like Bombay Food Truck, Has Juices, Chaayos. Dogs even got to choose from doggy ice creams as well as dog beers!
Pet Fed 2018-19
The 2018-19 editions of Pet Fed were all about dedicating those two days to your pets and encouraging people to adopt Indie breeds as pets. There was a huge inclination towards adoption drives, where a lot of Animal Welfare NGOs put up adoption booths. To encourage people with Indie pets, free entry was allowed for people who had Indie breeds as pets. For the rest of the crowd, the event was ticketed as usual.
Bengaluru Pet Fed 2018
Pet Fed led its expansion to the city of Bengaluru for the first time in 2018. It was held on 1 & 2 December at Manpho Convention Center, with over 18,000 visitors & 2,500 pets attending the festival on both days.
There was a huge amount of participation and great reception towards various activities like Fashion Show & a Cat Show that was held in association with Alliance of Cat Fanciers & Royal Canin. There were international certified judges for the Cat Show in attendance as well.
Along with pet care brands like Just Dogs (India's biggest retail chain for pets) & Cessna Lifeline, popular beer brand Simba, automobile brand like Volvo, upcoming app-based brand like Dunzo & popular FMCG brand 'Dairy Day' had also participated in the same.
Dino Morea supported the expansion to Bengaluru as the new city, it being their hometown as well.
Delhi Pet Fed 2018
The fifth & the biggest edition till date culminated on 15 & 16 December with over 25,000 visitors & 3,500 pets at NSIC Grounds in Okhla.
It included a Paramilitary Dog Show organized by the Sashatra Seema Bal (Indian Army).
Over 150 pet care brands participated at the festival, and iguanas also made their first appearance in the Delhi Pet Fed this year.
Mumbai Pet Fed 2019
The second edition turned even bigger for Mumbai with the footfall almost as big as Delhi's. It saw about 20,000+ visitors & 3,000+ pets in attendance on 19 & 20 January at MMRDA Grounds.
Free grooming sessions were organized by Dogiiee Dog World for all pets at the festival. Brands like Royal Canin, Purina & Farmina participated at the event.
Cat Show, Fashion Show, Security Dog Show, Pet's Got Talent, Obedience Dog Show, Pet Cosplay were some of the major highlights from the Mumbai Pet Fed this year.
There was an Iguana at Mumbai Pet Fed as well.
Pet Fed 2019-20
The 2019-20 editions of Pet Fed focused on higher quality & booming roster of newer activities as well as play areas with an inclusion of a separate Agility Ring for dogs & a separate Play Zone for them as well. Agility Ring included weave poles, dog walks, tunnel slides, sand pits & various other agility hurdles including a wishing well hurdle. Play Zone had all things fun like ball pools, trampolines, run-through tunnels & sea saw swings for every sized dogs. This edition was also the most cat-inclusive edition of Pet Fed so far with International Cat Shows being held in association with World Cat Federation across Bengaluru, Delhi & Mumbai. There were Police & Security Dog Shows conducted by the Police Dog Squads, giving all the visitors a sneak peek on how these paramilitary dogs help safeguard & serve our nation better. Free entry was allowed to people with Indie pets to encourage the adoption of more and more indie breeds. A huge surge in the indie pet population was witnessed this year than the past Pet Fed editions along with most number of Indie breeds being adopted in this edition over the course of 2 days of the festival. For the rest of the crowd, the event was ticketed as usual.
Bengaluru Pet Fed 2019
Pet Fed organised its second edition in Bengaluru on 16 & 17 November at Jayamahal Palace, a much bigger and better venue. This edition witnessed over 19,040 visitors & 3,050 pets attending the festival on both days.
The International Cat Show that was held in association with World Cat Federation & Alliance of Cat Fanciers observed a participation of over 85 cats. There were two types of judging that took place - Ring Judging by Sudhakar Katikineni as well as Traditional Judging by world renowned international judges - Marina Zhuravleva & Olga Belyaeva from Russia.
Over 75 brands participated in the exhibition and among them a few popular pet care brands being Purina, Farmina, Himalaya, Lozalo, Heiniger, Just Dogs and other brands like Simba, Greater Than Gin & Isuzu.
One of the major highlights at this Pet Fed was the skillful demonstration by the Karnataka Police Dog Squad. A live demonstration by Belgian Shepherd Malinois dogs was conducted to showcase the audience how these police dogs safeguard and serve the country each day. The demonstration included tasks like obedience, explosive detection with human body search, narcotic detection with search from bags, assault or attack work with and without a command.
Delhi Pet Fed 2019
The sixth edition: A New Year special edition where pet parents were encouraged to gather at this festival as a tribute to bringing in the new year with their pets - culminated on 28 & 29 December with over 19,580 visitors & 3,104 pets at the NSIC Grounds in Okhla. A large flock of pet parents & pet lovers attended the festival despite Delhi being the coldest in over 100 years.
The Delhi Police Crime branch's dog squad plays a role of paramount importance in Crime Branch's day-to-day working & undertake various important duties vis a vis Narcotic detection, explosive detection and solving cases of theft, decoity and murder etc. The same was demonstrated by 10 dogs & 22 police officers in front of a large audience.
Over 120 pet care brands participated at the festival and iguanas made their appearance again in this edition. The International Cat Show in association with World Cat Federation was also a major hit with cat parents & cat lovers with international judges coming in from Russia & Belarus.
Mumbai Pet Fed 2020
The third edition in Mumbai turned out to be the biggest edition for Pet Fed this year, with a footfall exceeding that of Delhi's. It saw about 20,825 visitors & 3,156 pets in attendance on 11 & 12 January at a much greener venue - JVPD Grounds, Juhu.
Apart from Dino Morea, our very own brand ambassador, other popular & well-renowned Bollywood celebrities like Minnisha Lamba, Kunal Kohli, Omkar Kapoor, Kunwar Amar as well as TV Actors and real life couple Siddharth Chandekar & Mitali Mayekar were spotted enjoying a day out with their respective families & furry friends at the carnival.
The International Cat Show being in a fully air conditioned indoors space became a popular gig among cat parents and saw a participation of over 75 cats. The judges being some of the world renowned Cat Show Judges and Behaviourists came in from Russia & Germany. Brands like Pedigree, Just Dogs, Jerhigh, Purina & Farmina participated at the event along with India's No 1 Smartphone - One Plus being one of the major sponsors at the event.
There was an Iguana at Mumbai Pet Fed this year as well. The most intriguing part was one of the visitors who came along with a pet Hedgehog at the event.
References
External links
Pet Fed Official Website
Facebook, Pet Fed India
Mydea Ventures Private Limited, website
India's Biggest Pet Festival on NDTV Good Times
Pet Fed on Aaj Tak
Pet Fed on News Nation
Dogs
Annual events in India
2014 establishments in India
Bagati Kani Pora or B.K. Pora is a village and municipality in Budgam district of the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census of India, Wavoora has 694 households. The literacy rate of B.K. Pora village was 77.30% compared to 67.16% of Jammu and Kashmir. In Wavoora, Male literacy stands at 84.89% while the female literacy rate was 69.76%.
Transport
Road
Bagati Kani Pora is connected by road with other places in Jammu and Kashmir and India by the NH 1.
Also this road was the oldest route for Srinagar Airport.
Rail
The nearest railway station to B.K Pora is Srinagar railway station located at a distance of in Nowgam.
Airports
The nearest airport is Srinagar International Airport located at a distance of .
See also
Jammu and Kashmir
Srinagar
Dooniwari
Budgam
References
Villages in Budgam district
K. elegans may refer to:
Kerriodoxa elegans, a palm species
Klebsormidium elegans, a filamentous charophyte alga species
Koelreuteria elegans, the Chinese rain tree, a deciduous tree species native to Taiwan and southern China
Synonyms
Kickxia elegans, a synonym for Nanorrhinum elegans, a cancerwort flower species found in Cape Verde
FC Pivdenstal Yenakiieve was a Ukrainian football club from Yenakiieve, Donetsk Oblast.
History
It is a club of the Yenakiyeve Iron and Steel Works. The club won the 2001 Ukrainian Amateur Cup.
References
Pivdenstal Yenakiieve, FC
Football clubs in Donetsk Oblast
Yenakiieve
Association football clubs established in 1913
Association football clubs disestablished in 2005
1913 establishments in the Russian Empire
2005 disestablishments in Ukraine
Samuel Galloway (March 20, 1811 – April 5, 1872) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Galloway attended local public schools. They moved to Ohio and settled in Highland County in 1830. They graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, in 1833. Galloway then attended Princeton Theological Seminary in 1835 and 1836. They taught school in Hamilton, Ohio, 1836 and 1837, at Miami University in 1837 and 1838, and Hanover College, Indiana, in 1839 and 1840.
After studying law, they were admitted to the bar in 1843 and commenced practice in Chillicothe, Ohio. They were Ohio's Secretary of State in 1844, and moved to Columbus that same year. They served as delegate to the Whig National Convention in 1848.
Galloway was elected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1855 – March 3, 1857). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1856 to the Thirty-fifth Congress and for election in 1858 to the Thirty-sixth Congress. They resumed the practice of law.
During the Civil War, they were appointed as the judge advocate of Camp Chase in Columbus, Ohio, by President Abraham Lincoln. Following the war, Galloway was appointed by President Andrew Johnson to investigate conditions in the South during the period of Reconstruction. They were nominated at the Republican state convention in 1867 for Lieutenant Governor of Ohio, but declined.
Presidential elector for Grant/Colfax in 1868.
They were for thirteen years a ruling elder of the Presbyterian Church.
Galloway died in Columbus, Ohio, April 5, 1872, and was interred in Green Lawn Cemetery, Columbus, Ohio.
Notes
Sources
External links
1811 births
1872 deaths
People from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
American Presbyterians
Ohio Whigs
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ohio Republicans
1868 United States presidential electors
Secretaries of State of Ohio
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
People from Highland County, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Miami University alumni
Miami University faculty
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
19th-century American politicians
C. Bradley Thompson is the BB&T Research Professor in the Department of Political Science and the Executive Director of the Clemson Institute for the Study of Capitalism. They received their Ph.D. at Brown University and has been a visiting scholar at Princeton and Harvard universities, and at the University of London. They also are a James Madison Program Garwood Visiting Fellow at Princeton University in 2004–05.
Career
Dr. Thompson has lectured around the United States and on C-SPAN on topics including education reform, American history, Marxism, and natural law theory. They have also published essays on these topics in publications such as The Times Literary Supplement of London and The Objective Standard.
Bibliography
Books
Thompson, Bradley C. (1998). John Adams and the Spirit of Liberty. University Press of Kansas. ISBN 978-0700611812.
Thompson, Bradley C and Brook, Yaron. (2010). Neoconservatism: An Obituary for an Idea. Routledge. ISBN 978-1594518317.
Thompson, Bradley C. and Forster, Greg, editors (2011). Freedom and School Choice in American Education. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 978-0230112285.
Thompson, Bradley C. (2019). America's Revolutionary Mind: A Moral History of the American Revolution and the Declaration That Defined It. Encounter Books. ISBN 978-1641770668.
References
External links
Clemson Institute for the Study of Capitalism
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Brown University alumni
Clemson University faculty
American non-fiction writers
The dark-sided thrush (Zoothera marginata) is a species of bird in the thrush family Turdidae. It is also known as the lesser brown thrush, the long-billed ground-thrush, and the dark-sided ground-thrush. The species is monotypic (lacking subspecies) and is closely related to a number of thrushes in the genus Zoothera, including the long-billed thrush and the widespread scaly thrush. It was described by Edward Blyth in 1847 based upon a specimen collected in Rakhine in Burma (Myanmar).
Description
The dark-sided thrush is in length and weighs around . It has a particularly long blackish bill and the plumage is a contrasting dark brown head with rufous-brown wings. The face has a white loral stripe and a white eyering with a whitish throat and chin. The call is a series of monotone thin whistles.
Distribution and habitat
The species has a discontinuous distribution in the eastern Himalayas, and then a population in the higher areas of Burma, northern Thailand, Laos, Vietnam and the extreme south of China. The species is generally non-migratory but will move down from higher altitudes in winter, and has turned up as a vagrant in Bangladesh. It ranges from in broadleaf forests, particularly in damp areas and around rocky streams, also in areas of reed and bamboo in these forests. The species is not common anywhere, but is potentially often overlooked due to its cryptic plumage and retiring behaviour.
References
dark-sided thrush
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
Birds of Yunnan
dark-sided thrush
dark-sided thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Soibam Subhaschandra Singh is an Indian politician from Manipur. In March 2017, they were elected as a member of the Manipur Legislative Assembly from Naoriya Pakhanglakpa (constituency) as a member of Bharatiya Janata Party. They defeated R. K. Anand of Indian National Congress by 1,615 votes in 2017 Manipur Assembly election. They were one of three MLA's who resigned from Bharatiya Janata Party and joined the Indian National Congress in June 2020.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Indian politicians
People from Imphal West district
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Manipur
Manipur MLAs 2017–2022
Srednja Bistrica (; ) is a village on the left bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
References
External links
Srednja Bistrica website
Srednja Bistrica on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Črenšovci
Cameraria marinensis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 4.5-5.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Lithocarpus densiflorus. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is oblong and the epidermis is opaque yellow tan. The mines are usually restricted to one side of midrib, running parallel to it or the mines overlap the midrib at the apex. The mines are solitary and have one or two short folds.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the type-locality (Marin County, California) and the Latin suffix -ensis (denoting place, locality).
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1981
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Fauna of California
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Santo Trafficante Jr. (November 15, 1914 – March 17, 1987) was among the most powerful Mafia bosses in the United States. They headed the Trafficante crime family and controlled organized criminal operations in Florida and Cuba, which had previously been consolidated from several rival gangs by their father, Santo Trafficante Sr.
Trafficante maintained links to the Bonanno crime family in New York City, but was more closely allied with Sam Giancana in Chicago. Consequently, while generally recognized as the most powerful organized crime figure in Florida throughout much of the 20th century, Trafficante was not believed to have total control over Miami, Miami Beach, Ft. Lauderdale, or Palm Beach. The east coast of Florida was a loosely knit conglomerate of New York family interests with links to Meyer Lansky, Bugsy Siegel, Angelo Bruno, Carlos Marcello, and Frank Ragano.
Trafficante admitted their anti-Castro activities to the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations in 1978, and vehemently denied allegations that they had knowledge of a plot to assassinate President John F. Kennedy. Federal investigators brought racketeering and conspiracy charges against them in the summer of 1986.
Early life
Trafficante was born in Tampa, Florida, to Sicilian parents Santo Trafficante Sr. and their wife Maria Giuseppa Cacciatore in 1914. They dropped out of high school before the 10th grade. Trafficante maintained several residences in New York City and Florida. U.S. Treasury Department documents indicate that law enforcement believed Trafficante's legitimate business interests to include several legal casinos in Cuba; a Havana drive-in movie theater; and shares in several restaurants and bars in Trafficante's hometown of Tampa, Florida. They were rumored to be part of a Mafia syndicate which owned many Cuban hotels and casinos. As one of the most powerful mobsters in the US, Trafficante was invited to the Havana Conference in December 1946.
Trafficante was arrested frequently throughout the 1950s on various charges of bribery and of running illegal bolita lotteries in Tampa's Ybor City district. They escaped conviction all but once, receiving a five-year sentence for bribery in 1954, but their conviction was overturned by the Florida Supreme Court before they entered prison.
Cuba
Trafficante had been operating in Cuba since the late 1940s under their father, Santo Trafficante Sr., a mobster in Tampa, Florida. After their father died in 1954, they became the head in Tampa and took over their fathers interests in Cuba. Trafficante moved to Cuba in 1955, where they came into contact with Batista and Meyer Lansky. During the rule of Cuba's authoritarian dictator Fulgencio Batista, Trafficante openly operated the Sans Souci Cabaret and the Casino International gambling establishments in Havana. As a leading member of the syndicate, they also are suspected of having behind-the-scenes interests in other syndicate-owned Cuban casinos: the Hotel Habana Riviera, the Tropicana Club, the Sevilla-Biltmore, the Capri Hotel Casino, the Commodoro, the Deauville, and the Havana Hilton.
Trafficante was apprehended in November 1957, along with over 60 other mobsters, at the Apalachin meeting in Apalachin, New York. All were fined, up to $10,000 each, and given prison sentences ranging from three to five years. All the convictions were overturned on appeal in 1960. Cuba was one of the Apalachin topics of discussion, particularly the gambling and narcotics smuggling interests of La Cosa Nostra on the island. The international narcotics trade was also an important topic on the Apalachin agenda.
In January 1958, Trafficante was questioned by the Cuban police regarding the Apalachin meeting. A full report was made by the Cuban police, dated January 23, 1958, includes transcripts of long-distance telephone calls made from the Sans Souci during the period August–December 1957. The report was given to the District Attorney's office. In addition, "on January 23, 1958 the Cuban Department of Investigation, Havana, Cuba notified the Bureau of Narcotics that Santo Trafficante was registered in their Alien Office under No. 93461."
Plot to assassinate Castro
After Fidel Castro's revolutionary government seized the assets of Trafficante's Cuban businesses and expelled them from the country as an "undesirable alien," Trafficante came into contact with various US intelligence operatives, and was involved in several unsuccessful plans to assassinate Castro. In 1975, the CIA declassified a report stating that Trafficante had been persuaded to poison Castro, an allegation they denied. In 1997, further declassified documents indicated that some mafiosi worked with the agency on assassination attempts against Castro. Allusions to these historic connections were confirmed by the CIA's 2007 declassification of the "Family Jewels" documents.
The "Family Jewels" confirmed that in September 1960, the CIA recruited ex-FBI agent Robert Maheu to approach the West Coast representative of the Chicago mob, Johnny Roselli. Maheu hid the fact that they were sent by the CIA, instead portraying themselves an advocate for international corporations. They offered to pay $150,000 to have Castro killed, but Roselli declined any pay and introduced Maheu to two men they referred to as "Sam Gold" and "Joe." "Sam Gold" was Sam Giancana; "Joe" was Trafficante. The CIA and the Mafia had a common enemy in Castro, a communist revolutionary who had shut down Cuba's lucrative casino businesses.
JFK conspiracy allegations
In 1976, Cuban exile and FBI informant Jose Aleman told The Washington Post that in September 1962, Trafficante had offered them a loan of $1.5 million to replace Aleman's three-story "ramshackle motel with a 12-story glass wonder." They said that Trafficante complained about the honesty of the Kennedys and their "attacks" on Jimmy Hoffa and other associates. According to Aleman, when they told Trafficante that President John F. Kennedy would likely be re-elected, Trafficante replied, "No, Jose, they are going to be hit." Aleman claimed to have reported Trafficante's comments to their FBI contacts, who "dismissed the Kennedy warnings as gangland braggadocio."
In 1978, both Trafficante and Aleman were called to testify before members of the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations investigating possible links between Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald and anti-Castro Cubans, including the theory that Castro had Kennedy killed in retaliation for the CIA's attempts on their own life. On September 27, 1978, Aleman reiterated to HSCA investigators that Trafficante had complained to them for hours in June or July 1963 about Kennedy's crackdown on organized crime at a meeting to discuss a business loan.
The HSCA had previously quoted Aleman as stating that they thought Trafficante's use of the phrase "he is going to be hit" meant that the mob boss knew Kennedy was going to be killed. When this was pointed out, Aleman denied that they meant that they believed Kennedy was going to murder and said they thought that Trafficante meant that Kennedy was going to be "hit" politically during the next election. They stated that they were concerned for their safety and was not certain that they had ever correctly heard or understood Trafficante's comment.
After a grant of immunity from prosecution, Trafficante testified before the HSCA the following day, September 28, and refuted the allegation that they told Aleman that "Kennedy was going to be hit." They stated that they were positive that they did not say it because they always spoke to Aleman in Spanish, and said that there was no way to state the phrase in Spanish. Trafficante also stated that they had no recollection of meeting Oswald or Oswald's assassin, Jack Ruby. During their testimony, Trafficante also admitted for the first time that they had worked with the CIA from 1960 to 1961 for an attempt to poison Castro but stated that their role was only as an interpreter between CIA officials and Cuban exiles. They testified that they were brought into the plot by Roselli and Giancana, who had been recruited by Maheu. Trafficante said that they introduced the trio to Cuban exiles in Florida. They stated that they received no payment for their involvement and that they acted out of patriotism.
On January 14, 1992, Trafficante's former attorney, Frank Ragano, told Jack Newfield of the New York Post that they relayed a request from Hoffa to Trafficante and New Orleans boss Carlos Marcello to have Kennedy killed. They repeated the claim two days later on ABC's Good Morning America, in Newfield's Frontline report entitled JFK, Hoffa and Mob broadcast in November 1992, and again in their 1994 autobiography Mob Lawyer. According to Ragano, they met Hoffa at the Teamsters' headquarters in Washington, DC, then delivered the message to Trafficante and Marcello in a meeting at the Royal Orleans Hotel in New Orleans. They stated they were chosen by Hoffa because, as both Hoffa and Trafficante's lawyer, they could be assured of attorney–client privilege.
Ragano also claimed that Trafficante, four days prior to their death, delivered a deathbed confession which suggested that Marcello was meant to assassinate Robert F. Kennedy instead of their brother, the President. They claimed three witnesses could support their statement that they met Trafficante in Tampa, but refused to name them, adding: "One guy is afraid of retaliation. The other guys are two doctors, who say they'll testify if they're summoned to court." In their book Reclaiming History: The Assassination of President John F. Kennedy, Vincent Bugliosi has claimed there to be many flaws in Ragano's claims, including their own claim that Trafficante was most likely not in Tampa on the day in question, but was rather in North Miami Beach, Florida, receiving dialysis treatments.
In 2005, Lamar Waldron and Thom Hartmann's book Ultimate Sacrifice said that Trafficante was behind an aborted plot to kill Kennedy in Tampa on November 18, 1963.
Later years and death
Trafficante was summoned to court in 1986 and questioned about their involvement with the King's Court Bottle Club operated by members of the Bonanno crime family, including undercover FBI agent Joseph D. "Joe" Pistone, a.k.a. Donnie Brasco. Trafficante again escaped conviction. On March 17, 1987, Trafficante died at the age of 72 at the Texas Heart Institute in Houston where they had gone for heart surgery. Their wife, Josephine, died in 2015 at the age of 95; they are survived by two of their daughters. After the death of their wife, the Trafficante family sold their Tampa 1970-built home for $950,000. In February 2016, many of Trafficante's personal belongings were sold at an auction in St. Petersburg, Florida.
References
Further reading
Cigar City Mafia : A Complete History of the Tampa Underworld (2004), Scott M. Deitche, Barricade Books
The Silent Don: The Criminal Underworld of Santo Trafficante Jr (2007), Scott M. Deitche, Barricade Books
Mob Lawyer (1996), Frank Ragano, Random House
"White Shadow", (2006) Ace Atkins, (G.P. Putnam)
Donnie Brasco: My Undercover Life in the Mafia. Joseph D. Pistone(1987)
External links
Associated Press report on Trafficante's death
Short history of the Mafia in Tampa
"Little Man: Meyer Lansky and the Gangster Life" By Robert Lacy
1914 births
1987 deaths
Trafficante crime family
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
People from Tampa, Florida
American crime bosses
The Brazilian Journal of Chemical Engineering publishes papers, reporting basic and applied research and innovation in the field of chemical engineering and related areas. It was first published by the Associação Brasileira de Engenharia Química, São Paulo, in 1983 as the Revista Brasileira de Engenharia, Caderno de Engenharia Química. With vol. 11 (1994), it continued as the Brazilian Journal of Chemical Engineering.
It continues the Revista Brasileira de Engenharia, Caderno de Engenharia Química from 1994 on.
Fulltext of the journal is available via SciElo starting from vol. 14 (1997) to vol. 36 (2019).
From January 2020 on, the journal is published by Springer.
See also
Anais da ABQ
Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society
Química Nova
Revista Brasileira de Química
References
External links
Homepage of the journal (up to December 2019):
Homepage of the Associação Brasileira de Engenharia Química (ABEQ):
Homepage of the journal (from January 2020):
Chemical engineering journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies of Brazil
Publications established in 1983
Portuguese-language journals
General elections were held in Italy on 16 November 1919. The fragmented Liberal governing coalition lost the absolute majority in the Chamber of Deputies, due to the success of the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian People's Party.
Background
The elections took place in the middle of Biennio Rosso ("Red Biennium") a two-year period, between 1919 and 1920, of intense social conflict in Italy, following the First World War. The revolutionary period was followed by the violent reaction of the Fascist blackshirts militia and eventually by the March on Rome of Benito Mussolini in 1922.
The Biennio Rosso took place in a context of economic crisis at the end of the war, with high unemployment and political instability. It was characterized by mass strikes, worker manifestations as well as self-management experiments through land and factories occupations. In Turin and Milan, workers councils were formed and many factory occupations took place under the leadership of anarcho-syndicalists. The agitations also extended to the agricultural areas of the Padan plain and were accompanied by peasant strikes, rural unrests and guerrilla conflicts between left-wing and right-wing militias.
In the general election, the fragmented Liberal governing coalition lost the absolute majority in the Chamber of Deputies, due to the success of the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian People's Party. The Socialists of Nicola Bombacci received the most votes in almost every region and especially in Emilia-Romagna (60.0%), Piedmont (49.7%), Lombardy (45.9%), Tuscany (41.7%) and Umbria (46.5%), while the People's Party were the largest party in Veneto (42.6%) and came second in Lombardy (30.1%) and the Liberal lists were stronger in Southern Italy (over 50% in Abruzzo, Campania, Basilicata, Apulia, Calabria and Sicily).
Electoral system
The old system of using single-member constituencies with two-round majority voting was abolished and replaced with proportional representation in 58 constituencies with between 5 and 20 members.
Parties and leaders
Coalitions
Voter turnout
Results
First party by Region
References
General elections in Italy
Italy
General
Italy
Phil Keaggy and Sunday's Child is the title of a 1988 album by guitarist Phil Keaggy, released on Myrrh Records and A&M Records simultaneously.
The record, which includes an all-star list of guest musicians and vocalists, is in many ways a tribute to 1960s pop/rock music like The Byrds, The Beatles, and others.
The album's sound quality, which came from the use of vintage instruments and production techniques, was unique by 1988's standards. Among the vintage instruments used was Ringo Starr's drum kit, per the album's liner notes ("SPECIAL THANKS...to the DRUM DOCTOR for the use of Ringo's old drum kit").
Track listing
"Tell Me How You Feel" (Phil Keaggy) – 3:21
"Sunday's Child" (Randy Stonehill, Phil Keaggy) – 3:57
"I Always Do" (Mark Heard) – 4:50
"I'm Gonna Get You Now" (Phil Keaggy, Lynn Nichols) – 3:47
"Blessed Be the Ties" (Lynn Nichols, Phil Keaggy, Steve Taylor) – 3:56
"This Could Be the Moment" (Angelo Palladino, Lynn Nichols) – 3:48
"Ain't Got No" (Randy and Sandi Stonehill) – 3:29
"Somebody Loves You" (Phil Keaggy) – 4:05
"Big Eraser" (Lynn Nichols, Lance Demers, Phil Keaggy) – 4:33
"Everything Is Alright" (Mark Heard) (omitted from vinyl version) – 5:00
"I've Just Begun (Again)" (Phil Keaggy, Lynn Nichols) – 3:00
"Walk in Two Worlds" (Randy Stonehill, Phil Keaggy) – 3:37
"Talk About Suffering" (Traditional: Arranged by Phil Keaggy) – 4:50
Personnel
Phil Keaggy – lead vocals, guitar (1–5, 7–13), backing vocals (1, 6–9, 11, 12, 13), bass guitar (1, 3, 5), handclaps (1), first guitar solo (6)
James Hollihan – guitar (1–5, 7–13), second guitar solo (6)
Randy Stonehill – guitar (2), lead vocals (2, 7), backing vocals (7)
Mark Heard – guitar (3), backing vocals (6, 8, 13), keyboards (10)
Lynn Nichols – guitar (5), backing vocals (7, 9, 11, 12)
Robbie Buchanan – Hammond B3 organ (3, 6, 7, 12)
Rick Cua – bass guitar (2, 4, 6–13)
Mike Mead – drums
Lenny Castro – percussion (1, 2, 5–10, 12, 13), handclaps (1)
Steve Taylor – handclaps (1)
Rudy Valentine – megaphone (4)
Jimmie Lee Sloas – backing vocals (6, 13)
Russ Taff – lead vocals (7), backing vocals (7, 12)
Alwyn Wall – backing vocals (8)
Derri Daugherty – backing vocals (9, 11)
Production
Lynn Arthur Nichols – producer
Jack Joseph Puig – director of recording, mixing
Eddie Keaggy – mix assistant
Dave Hackbarth – mix assistant
KC McMackin – mix assistant
Bart Stevens – mix assistant
Wade Jaynes – mix assistant
Brian Tankersley – additional engineer
Mark Heard – additional engineer
Ben Pearson – photography
References
1988 albums
Phil Keaggy albums
Martine Quinzii (died May 25, 2018) was a French mathematical economist known for their work in financial markets, incomplete markets, macroeconomics, and general equilibrium theory.
Education and career
Quinzii studied mathematics at the University of Paris VI, earning a master's degree in 1970, an agrégation in mathematics in 1971, and a Master of Advanced Studies in 1972. They completed a Ph.D. at the University of Paris II Panthéon-Assas in 1986. Them dissertation, Rendements croissants et équilibre général, was supervised by Jean Fericelli.
They taught in several French universities from 1972 through 1986, and earned a habilitation in 1988, but by 1986 they had already moved to the University of Southern California in the US.
In 1991 they moved to the department of economics at the University of California, Davis and remained there until their retirement in 2016, serving two terms as department chair from 1995 to 1999 and 2006 to 2007.
Books
Quinzii wrote a French monograph on econometrics, Rendements Croissants et Efficacité Economique (CNRS, 1988) as their habilitation thesis, and wrote the book Increasing Returns and Efficiency (Oxford University Press, 1992). With Michael Magill (her husband), they were the author of Theory of Incomplete Markets (MIT Press, 1996), and of the two-volume work Incomplete Markets, Vol. I: Finite Horizon Economies and Incomplete Markets, Vol. II: Infinite Horizon Economies (Edward Elgar Publishing, 2008).
Recognition
Quinzii was elected as a Fellow of the Econometric Society in 2000, and as a Fellow of the Society for the Advancement of Economic Theory in 2011.
References
External links
Home page
Year of birth missing
2018 deaths
20th-century American economists
American women economists
French economists
French women economists
University of Southern California faculty
University of California, Davis faculty
Fellows of the Econometric Society
21st-century American economists
20th-century American women
20th-century French women
21st-century American women
The Carlisle Rock Island Depot is a historic railroad station at Main and Court Streets in Carlisle, Arkansas. It is a -story masonry and frame structure, finished in brick with half-timbered stucco. A passenger station, it was organized with a central service area for ticketing and telegrapher's bay, with waiting rooms on either side, one for whites, and one for African-Americans. The station was built about 1920 by the Rock Island Railroad; it is a prominent local example of Tudor Revival style, and is historically significant for its role in the growth of the city of Carlisle.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lonoke County, Arkansas
References
Tudor Revival architecture in the United States
Buildings and structures in Lonoke County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Lonoke County, Arkansas
Vakıfgeçitveren is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 547 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Keating Massif () is a rugged mainly ice-covered massif, long, rising to approximately , and lying northwest. It is located at the southern edge of the head of Byrd Glacier. The feature includes Mount Fries and forms the southwestern boundary of Zeller Glacier in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.
Keating Massif was named in honor of New Zealander Colin Keating, who was the country's Secretary for Justice for the period 1997–2000. They had a distinguished 30-year career in the Public Service, mostly with the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, during which time they had a significant Antarctic focus through their work in the Legal Division and then as the Deputy Secretary responsible for Multi Lateral Affairs, which included the Legal and Antarctic Divisions. Later, as the Deputy Secretary responsible for Corporate Affairs, they retained authority for the Antarctic Policy Unit, at a time of considerable changes to the organizational structure of New Zealand Antarctic institutions from 1985 through to 1993. They provided much of the intellectual input behind New Zealand's work leading to the adoption of the Environment Protocol.
References
Mountains of Oates Land
CNNgo is the online streaming platform of CNN. The website and corresponding streaming apps require a user to enter their TV Everywhere cable television user name and password to access live CNN, CNN International and HLN broadcasts and entire episodes of CNN shows, but watching news clips is completely free.
History
CNN initially announced they were offering CNNgo on September 30, 2014. CNNgo allows users to watch a live CNN video feed, on demand shows and short clips from CNN.com. This was very similar to CNN Pipeline in that it allows viewers to watch CNN live, users must enter cable television credentials before watching live television, but you can watch news clips for free. However, unlike Pipeline, users are not required to pay extra if they have a cable provider. Another difference is that there is still no paid option, meaning users cannot watch CNN live if they don't have cable TV.
CNN then announced they were bringing CNNgo to the Apple TV, amidst a wave of new channels being brought to the Apple TV. However, some users complained of not being able to sign in to the Apple TV channel with as many credentials as with the apps or website.
References
External links
CNNgo website
CNN Website
CNN
Internet television channels
Noël Carroll (born 1947) is an American philosopher considered to be one of the leading figures in contemporary philosophy of art. Although Carroll is best known for their work in the philosophy of film (he is a proponent of cognitive film theory), they have also published journalism, works on philosophy of art generally, theory of media, and also philosophy of history. As of 2012, they are a distinguished professor of philosophy at the CUNY Graduate from Center.
Career
Carroll holds PhDs in both cinema studies and philosophy. From 1972-1988, they worked as a journalist covering film, theater, performance, and fine art for publications such as the Chicago Reader, Artforum, In These Times, Dance Magazine, SoHo Weekly News and The Village Voice. Many of these early articles have been collected in their 2011 book Living in an Artworld. They have also written five documentaries.
Perhaps their most popular and influential book is The Philosophy of Horror, or, Paradoxes of the Heart (1990), an examination of the aesthetics of horror fiction (in novels, stories, radio and film). As noted in the book's introduction, Carroll wrote Paradoxes of the Heart in part to convince their parents that their lifelong fascination with horror fiction was not a waste of time. Another important book by Carroll is Mystifying Movies (1988), a critique of the ideas of psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan, Marxist philosopher Louis Althusser and the semiotics of Roland Barthes, which has been credited with inspiring a shift away from what Carroll describes as the "Psycho-Semiotic Marxism" that had dominated film studies and film theory in American universities since the 1970s.
Carroll was the recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2002 for their research in philosophy of dance.
They were named sixth-most influential philosopher of art since 1945 by the Philosophical Gourmet Report.
Works
Carroll is the author of more than one hundred articles and other works:
Books
Monographs
Philosophical Problems of Classical Film Theory, Princeton, Princeton University Press, 1988.
Mystifying Movies: Fads and Fallacies in Contemporary Film Theory, New York, Columbia University Press, 1988.
The Philosophy of Horror, or Paradoxes of the Heart, New York, Routledge, 1990.
Theorizing The Moving Image, Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 1996.
A Philosophy of Mass Art, New York, Oxford University Press, 1998.
Interpreting The Moving Image, Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 1998.
Philosophy of Art: A Contemporary Introduction, New York, Routledge, 1999.
Beyond Aesthetics: Philosophical Essays, Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 2001.
Engaging The Moving Image, New Haven, Yale University Press, 2003.
Comedy Incarnate: Buster Keaton, Physical Humor and Bodily Coping, Malden, Blackwell Publishing, 2007.
The Philosophy of Motion Pictures, Malden, Blackwell Publishing, 2008.
On Criticism, London, Routledge, 2009.
Art in Three Dimensions, Oxford, Oxford University Press, 2010.
Narrative, Emotion, and Insight, with John Gibson, Penn State University Press, 2011.
Living in an Artworld: Reviews and Essays on Dance, Performance, Theater, and the Fine Arts in the 1970s and 1980s, Louisville, KY: Chicago Spectrum Press, 2012.
Humour: A Very Short Introduction, Oxford, Oxford University Press, 2014.
Routledge Companion to Philosophy of Literature, with John Gibson, Routledge, 2016.
Arthur Danto's Philosophy of Art: Essays, Boston, Brill, 2021.
Classics in the Philosophy of Art, Oxford, Oxford University Press, in preparation.
Edited volumes
Post-Theory: Reconstructing Film Studies (edited with David Bordwell), Madison, University of Wisconsin Press, 1996.
Theories of Art Today, Madison, University of Wisconsin Press, 2000.
Philosophy of Film and Motion Pictures, (edited with Jinhee Choi), Malden, Blackwell Publishing, 2006.
Philosophy in the Twilight Zone, (edited with Lester Hunt), Oxford, Blackwell, 2009.
The Poetics, Aesthetics and Philosophy of Narrative, (edited with an introduction by Noël Carroll), Oxford, Blackwell, 2009.
Academic articles
"Music and Motion Pictures", (with Margaret Moore), for The Routledge Companion to the Philosophy of Music, ed. by Theodore Gracyk and Andrew Kania (London: Routledge, 2011), pp. 456–467.
"Basic Theatrical Understanding: Considerations for James Hamilton", Journal of Aesthetic Education, Vol. 43, No. 3 (Fall, 2009), pp. 15–22.
"Memento and the Phenomenology of Comprehending Motion Picture Narration", in Memento, edited by Andrew Kania (London: Routledge, 2009).
"Tales of Dread in The Twilight Zone: A Contribution to Narratology", in Philosophy and The Twilight Zone, ed. by Lester Hunt and Noël Carroll (Oxford: Blackwell Publishers, 2009).
"Monsters and the Moving Image: Replies to Laetz and Yanal", Film and Philosophy (2009). https://doi.org/10.5840/filmphil200913117878789898
"Aesthetic Experience, Art, and Artists", Aesthetic Experience, edited by Richard Shusterman and Adele Tomlin (London: Routledge, 2008), pp. 145–165.
"Motion Pictures", Cambridge Handbook of Aesthetics, ed. S. Davies et al. (Oxford: Blackwell, 2009).
"Comedy", Cambridge Handbook of Aesthetics, ed. S. Davies et al. (Oxford: Blackwell, 2009).
"Mass Art", Cambridge Handbook of Aesthetics, ed. S. Davies et al. (Oxford: Blackwell, 2009).
"Style", Routledge Companion to the Philosophy of Film, ed. Paisley Livingston and Carl Plantinga (London: Routledge, 2008)
"Narration", Routledge Companion to the Philosophy of Film, ed. Paisley Livingston and Carl Plantinga (London: Routledge, 2008).
"Narrative Closure in Cinema", Routledge Companion to the Philosophy of Film, Paisley Livingston and Carl Plantinga (London: Routledge, 2008).
"Music, Mind, and Morality: Arousing the Body Politic", (with Philip Alperson), Journal of Aesthetic Education, vol. 42, no. 1 (Spring, 2008), pp. 1–15.
"Talk to Them: An Introduction", in Talk to Her, edited by Anne Westcott Eaton (London: Routledge, 2008).
"Philosophy in the Moving Image: Response to Bruce Russell", in Film and Philosophy, Volume 12 (2008), pp. 17–26. https://doi.org/10.5840/filmphil2008123
"Arthur Danto, Filosofia dell'arte e attivita critica", in Arthur C. Danto e l'ontologia dell'arte, ed. by T. Andina and A. Lancieri, in Rivista di estetica, no. 35 (2/(2007), pp. 67–80.
"Critical Discussion of Art and Intention by Paisley Livingston", Philosophy and Literature, Vol. 31, No. 2 (October, 2007), 394-404.
"Not Reconciled: Comments for Peter Kivy", (with Margaret Moore), Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism, Vol 65, No. 3 (Summer, 2007), pp. 318–322..
"The Problem with Movie Stars", for Photograph and Philosophy: Essays on the Pencil of Nature, ed. by Scott Walden (Oxford: Blackwell Publishing, 2008), pp. 248–264.
"Globalization Then and Now", Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism, Vol. 65, No. 1 (Winter, 2007), pp. 131–142.
"Art and Alienation", The Life and Death of Images: Ethics and Aesthetics, ed. by D. Costello and D. Willsdon (London: Tate Publications, 2008), 89-99..
"Comments for Adrian Piper", Aesthetics and Ethics, ed. by D. Costello and D. Willsdon (London: Tate Publications, 2008), pp. 135–138.
"Narrative Closure", Philosophical Studies 35 (2007), pp. 1–15.
"On the Ties that Bind", Philosophy and the Interpretation of Popular Culture, ed. William Irwin and Jorge Gracia (Rowman and Littlefield, 2006), pp. 89–116..
"Narrative and the Ethical Life", Art and Ethics, ed. Garry Hagberg (Oxford: Blackwell Publishers, 2009).
"Feeling Movement: Music and Dance", (with Margaret Moore), for the Revue Internationale de Philosophie (2008).
"The Significance of Realism for the Philosophy of Art", Mimesis. Realismos Modernos 1918-1945, ed. Tomas Lorans (Madrid: Museo-Thyssen, 2007), pp. 43–65, 135-155..
"Balanchine, Cunningham and Postmodern Dance", (with Sally Banes), Dance Chronicle V. 29 no. 1 (2006). pp. 49–68.
"Vertigo and the Pathologies of Romantic Love", Hitchcock and Philosophy, edited by David Baggett and William A. Drumin (LaSalle, Ill.: Open Court, 2007), pp. 101–113.
"Philosophy and Drama: Performance, Interpretation and Intentionality", Staging Philosophy, edited by David Saltz and David Krasner (Ann Arbor, Mich.: University of Michigan Press, 2006), pp. 104–121.
"Artistic Truth", Encyclopedia of Philosophy, 2nd Edition, ed. Donald Borchert (New York: Thomson/Gale Publishers, 2006), Vol. I, pp. 333–337.
"The Definition of Art", Encyclopedia of Philosophy, 2nd Edition, Donald Borchert, (New York: Thomson/Gale Publishers, 2006), Vol. I, pp. 296–302.
"Art and Interpretation", Encyclopedia of Philosophy, 2nd Edition, ed. Donald Borchert (New York: Thomson/Gale Publishers, 2006), Vol. I, pp. 310–315.
"The Fear of Fear Itself: The Philosophy of Halloween", The Undead and Philosophy, ed. by Richard Greene (LaSalle, Illinois: Open Court, 2006), pp. 223–235.
"Literature, Realism and Knowledge", Senses of the World: Essays on Fiction, Narrative and Knowledge, edited by John Gibson, Wolfgang Huemer, and Luca Pocci (London: Routledge, 2007), pp. 24–42.
"Philosophizing through the Moving Image: The Case of Serene Velocity," Journal of Aesthetics and Criticism, vol. 64, no. 1(Winter 2006), pp. 173–185..
"What Mr. Creosote Knows about Laughter", Philosophy and Monty Python, edited by Gary Hardcastle and George Reisch (LaSalle, Illinois: Open Court, 2006) pp. 25–35 .
"Engaging Critics", Film Studies Issue 8 (Summer, 2006), pp. 161–169.
"The Moving Image: Form and Fact -- Responses to Wartenberg and Light", Film and Philosophy, v. 10 (2006), pp. 173–182. https://doi.org/10.5840/filmphil20061013
"Ethics and Aesthetics: Replies to Dickie, Stecker and Livingston", The British Journal of Aesthetics, vol. 46 no. 1 (January 2006). pp. 82–95.
"Two Comic Plots", The Monist, vol. 88, no. 1 (January 2005), pp. 154–183.
"Art and Recollection", The Journal of Aesthetic Education, v. 39, no. 2 (Summer 2005), pp. 1–12.
"Sympathy for the Devil", in The Sopranos and Philosophy, ed. by Richard Greene and Peter Vernezze (LaSalle, Ill.: Open Court, 2004), pp. 121–136.
"Aesthetic Experience: A Question of Content", in Contemporary Debates in Aesthetics, ed. Matthew Kieran (Oxford: Blackwell Publishers, 2004), pp. 69–97.
"Art and the Ethical Domain", Blackwell Companion to Aesthetics, edited by Peter Kivy (Oxford: Blackwell Publishers, 2004), pp. 126–151.
"Mass Art as Art", Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism (Winter 2004). pp. 61–65.
"Art and Human Nature", Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism (Summer 2004). pp. 95–108.
"Moderate Moralism", 'British Journal of Aesthetics',Vol 36, No 3, 1996, pp 223–238.
Magazine articles
"Air Dancing", The Drama Review (TDR), vol.19, n°1, 1975.
"Mind, Medium and Metaphor in Harry Smith's Heaven and Earth Magic", Film Quarterly, vol.31, n°2, 1977-1978.
"Organic Analysis", TDR, vol.22, n°3, September 1979, pp. 34–44.
Newspaper articles
"For God and Country", Artforum, January 1973.
"Joan Jones: Making the Image Visible", Artforum, avril 1974.
"Douglas Dunn, 308 Broadway", Artforum, septembre 1974.
"Entr'acte, Paris and Dada", Millennium Film Journal, n°1, 1977.
"The Cabinet of Dr. Kracauer", Millennium Film Journal, n°2, Spring/Summer 1978, pp. 77–85.
"Choreographic Canvases", SoHo Weekly News, December 1978.
"Lang, Pabst and Sound", Cine-tracts, n°5, 1978, pp. 15–23.
"Welles and Kafka", Film Reader, n°3, 1978, pp. 180–188.
Screenwriting
"Film as Collage," Film and Video Review, WNET, aired 1982, Robin Leventhal, producer.
"Dancing with the Camera," (with Sally Banes), Film and Video Review, WNET, aired 1982, Linda Romano, producer.
"Sexual Poetics: New Films by Women," Film and Video Review, WNET, aired 1983, Robin Leventhal, producer.
"Film as Play," Film and Video Review, WNET, aired 1983, Robin Leventhal, producer.
"The Last Conversation: Eisenstein's Carmen Ballet," 1998, produced by Sally Banes, shown at: Dancing for the Camera: International Festival of Film and Video Dance at the American Dance Festival, Durham, North Carolina, 1998; Cinematheque Ontario; Oxford University; Center for Performance Research (Aberystwyth, Wales), and at the Society for Dance History Scholars Annual Meeting (Eugene, Oregon). Distributed by Artworks Video.
Education
B.A., Philosophy, Hofstra University, 1969
M.A., Philosophy, University of Pittsburgh, 1970
M.A., Cinema Studies, New York University, 1974
M.A., Philosophy, University of Illinois, Chicago Circle, 1976
Ph.D., Cinema Studies, New York University, 1976 (thesis title: "An In-Depth Analysis of Buster Keaton's The General")
Ph.D., Philosophy, University of Illinois, Chicago Circle, 1983
Positions
Monroe C. Beardsley Professor of Philosophy at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Andrew W. Mellon Professor of the Humanities at Temple University.
Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at the CUNY Graduate from Center.
Former president of the American Society for Aesthetics.
See also
American philosophy
List of American philosophers
References
External links
Phil Papers
Carroll's archive on the CUNY Philosophy Commons
1947 births
20th-century American educators
20th-century American essayists
20th-century American historians
20th-century American journalists
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American philosophers
20th-century American writers
20th-century educational theorists
21st-century American educators
21st-century American essayists
21st-century American historians
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American philosophers
21st-century American writers
21st-century educational theorists
American art critics
American cultural critics
American dance critics
American educational theorists
American educators
American ethicists
American film critics
American film historians
American journalists
American literary theorists
American male essayists
American male non-fiction writers
American mass media scholars
American music theorists
American philosophers
American philosophy academics
American theater critics
Analytic philosophers
Communication theorists
Contemporary philosophers
Critics of postmodernism
Graduate from Center, CUNY faculty
Film theorists
Humor researchers
Living people
Mass media theorists
Media critics
Metaphor theorists
Moral philosophers
Phenomenologists
Philosophers of art
Philosophers of culture
Philosophers of education
Philosophers of ethics and morality
Philosophers of history
Philosophers of literature
Philosophers of social science
Philosophy teachers
Philosophy writers
Social critics
Social philosophers
Trope theorists
Theorists on Western civilization
Tor Books is the primary imprint of Tor Publishing Group (previously Tom Doherty Associates), a publishing company based in New York City. It primarily publishes science fiction and fantasy titles.
History
Tor was founded by Tom Doherty, Harriet McDougal, and Jim Baen in 1980. They were soon joined by Barbara Doherty and Katherine Pendill, who then composed the original startup team.
Tor is a word meaning a rocky pinnacle, as depicted in Tor's logo. Tor Books was sold to St. Martin's Press in 1987. Along with St. Martin's Press; Henry Holt; and Farrar, Straus and Giroux, it became part of the Holtzbrinck group, now part of Macmillan in the US.
In June 2019, Tor and other Macmillan imprints moved from the Flatiron Building, to larger offices in the Equitable Building.
Imprints
Tor is the primary imprint of Tor Publishing Group. There is also the Forge imprint that publishes an array of fictional titles, including historical novels and thrillers. Tor Books also publishes two imprints for young readers: Starscape (for readers 10 years of age and up) and Tor Teen (for readers 13 years of age and up). Tor Books also has the Tordotcom imprint that focuses on short works such as novellas, shorter novels and serializations.
A United Kingdom sister imprint, Tor UK, also exists and specializes in science fiction, fantasy, and horror, while also publishing young-adult crossover fiction based on computer-game franchises. Tor UK briefly maintained an open submission policy, which ended in January 2013.
Orb Books publishes science-fiction classics such as A.E. Van Vogt's Slan.
Tor Teen publishes young-adult novels such as Cory Doctorow's Little Brother and repackages novels such as Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game for younger readers.
Tor Labs produces podcasts.
A German sister imprint, Fischer Tor, was founded in August 2016 as an imprint of S. Fischer Verlag (which also belongs to Holtzbrinck Publishing Group). It publishes international titles translated into German, as well as original German works. Fischer Tor also publishes the German online magazine Tor Online, which is based on the same concept as the English Tor.com online magazine, but has its own independent content.
Authors
Authors published by Tor and Forge include Kage Baker, Kevin J. Anderson, Steven Brust, Orson Scott Card, Jonathan Carroll, Myke Cole, Charles de Lint, Philip K. Dick, Cory Doctorow, Steven Erikson, Sarah Gailey, Terry Goodkind, Steven Gould, Eileen Gunn, James Gunn, Brian Herbert, Glen Hirshberg, Robert Jordan, Richard Matheson, L. E. Modesitt, Jr., Andre Norton, Harold Robbins, Brandon Sanderson, John Scalzi, Mary Robinette Kowal, V. E. Schwab, Skyler White, and Gene Wolfe.
Tor UK has published authors such as Douglas Adams, Rjurik Davidson, Amanda Hocking, China Miéville, Adam Nevill, and Adrian Tchaikovsky.
E-books
Tor publishes a range of its works as e-books and, in 2012, Doherty announced that their imprints would sell only DRM-free e-books by July of that year. One year later, Tor stated that the removal of DRM had not harmed its e-book business, so they would continue selling them DRM-free.
In July 2018, Macmillan Publishers and Tor prompted a boycott spread across social media websites and library bulletin boards after they announced that Tor's e-books would no longer be made available for libraries to purchase and lend to borrowers, via digital distribution services such as OverDrive, until four months after their initial publication date. The company cited the "direct and adverse impact" of electronic lending on retail eBook sales but suggested that the change was part of a "test program" and could be reevaluated.
Accolades
Tor won the Locus Magazine poll for best science fiction publisher in 33 consecutive years from 1988 to 2022 inclusive.
In March 2014, Worlds Without End listed Tor as the second-most awarded and nominated publisher of science fiction, fantasy and horror books, after Gollancz. At that time, Tor had received 316 nominations and 54 wins for 723 published novels, written by 197 authors. In the following year, Tor surpassed Gollancz to become the top publisher on the list.
By March 2018, Tor's record had increased to 579 nominations and 111 wins, across 16 tracked awards given in the covered genres, with a total of 2,353 published novels written by 576 authors.
References
External links
Official website (German)
Official website (UK)
Official website (US)
Tor Books profile at Reason, December 2008
Tor Online community site (German)
Tor.com community site
American speculative fiction publishers
Book publishing companies based in New York (state)
Science fiction publishers
Fantasy book publishers
Weird fiction publishers
Publishing companies based in New York City
Publishing companies established in 1980
St. Martin's Press
Holtzbrinck Publishing Group
Felician may refer to:
People
Primus and Felician, Christian saints
Felician of Foligno, Christian saint
Saint Felician, a companion of St. Victor of Marseilles
Felicianus of Musti, 4th-century bishop
Felician, Archbishop of Esztergom
Felician Záh, Hungarian assassin
Other
Felician College
Felician Sisters, whose name derives from Felix of Cantalice
See also
Feliciano (disambiguation)
Félicien
Felix (disambiguation)
Sharp practice or sharp dealing is a pejorative phrase to describe sneaky or cunning behavior that is technically within the rules of the law but borders on being unethical.
The term has been used by judges in Canada; in one a Canadian Construction Board gave an example of "sharp practice" for one party to "take advantage of a clear oversight by the opposite party in a proceeding." According to another source, a Canadian court of appeal judgement, judges should not accuse counsel of sharp practice lightly and should generally not make such an accusation based solely on written submissions. Likewise in R v Badger the Supreme Court of Canada forbade the government from engaging in "sharp dealing" with First Nations in implementing treaties.
See also
Gaming the system
References
Law of Canada
Legal ethics
Abuse of the legal system
Canadian case law
Legal terminology
Zornia is a cosmopolitan genus of herbs from the legume family Fabaceae. It was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Adesmia clade of the Dalbergieae.
Species
Zornia comprises the following species:
Zornia acuta S.T. Reynolds & A.E. Holland
Zornia adenophora (Domin) Mohlenbr.
Zornia albiflora Mohlenbr.
Zornia albolutescens Mohlenbr.
Zornia apiculata Milne-Redh.
Zornia areolata Mohlenbr.
Zornia baliensis Mohlenbr.
Zornia bracteata J.F. Gmel.
Zornia brasiliensis Vogel
Zornia brevipes Milne-Redh.
Zornia burkartii Vanni
Zornia cantoniensis Mohlenbr.
Zornia capensis Pers.
Zornia cearensis Huber
Zornia chaetophora F. Muell.
Zornia contorta Mohlenbr.
Zornia crinita (Mohlenbr.) Vanni
Zornia cryptantha Arechav.
Zornia curvata Mohlenbr.
Zornia decussata Fort.-Perez, G.P. Lewis & A.M.G. Azevedo
Zornia diphylla (L.) Pers.
Zornia disticha S.T. Reynolds & A.E. Holland
Zornia durumuensis De Wild.
Zornia dyctiocarpa DC.
var. dyctiocarpa DC.
var. filifolia (Domin) S. T. Reynolds & A. E. Holland
Zornia echinata Mohlenbr.
Zornia echinocarpa (Meissner) Benth.
Zornia filifoliola Pittier
Zornia fimbriata Mohlenbr.
Zornia flemmingioides Moric.
Zornia floribunda S.T. Reynolds & A.E. Holland
Zornia gardneriana Moric.
Zornia gemella (Willd.) Vogel
Zornia gibbosa Span.
Zornia glabra Desv.
Zornia glaziovii Harms
Zornia glochidiata DC.
Zornia grandiflora Fort.-Perez & A.M.G.Azevedo
Zornia guanipensis Pittier
Zornia harmsiana Standl.
Zornia hebecarpa Mohlenbr.
Zornia herbacea Pittier
Zornia intecta Mohlenbr.
Zornia laevis Schltdl. & Cham.
Zornia lasiocarpa A.R. Molina
Zornia latifolia Sm.
Zornia leptophylla (Benth.) Pittier
Zornia linearis E. Mey.
Zornia maritima S.T. Reynolds & A.E. Holland
Zornia megistocarpa Mohlenbr.
Zornia melanocarpa Fort-Perez
Zornia microphylla Desv.
Zornia milneana Mohlenbr.
Zornia muelleriana Mohlenbr.
Zornia multinervosa Bacigalupo
Zornia muriculata Mohlenbr.
Zornia myriadena Benth.
Zornia nuda Vogel
Zornia oligantha S.T. Reynolds & A.E. Holland
Zornia orbiculata Mohlenbr.
Zornia ovata Vogel
Zornia pallida Mohlenbr.
Zornia papuensis Mohlenbr.
Zornia pardina Mohlenbr.
Zornia pedunculata S.T. Reynolds & A.E. Holland
Zornia piurensis Mohlenbr.
Zornia pratensis Milne-Redh.
subsp. barbata J. Léonard & Milne-Redh.
subsp. pratensis Milne-Redh.
var. glabrior Milne-Redh.
var. pratensis Milne-Redh.
Zornia puberula Mohlenbr.
Zornia punctatissima Milne-Redh.
Zornia quilonensis Ravi
Zornia ramboiana Mohlenbr.
Zornia ramosa S.T. Reynolds & A.E. Holland
Zornia reptans Harms
Zornia reticulata Sm.
Zornia sericea Moric.
Zornia setosa Baker f.
subsp. obovata Baker f.
subsp. setosa (Baker f.) J. Léonard & Milne-Redh.
Zornia sinaloensis Mohlenbr.
Zornia songeensis Milne-Redh.
Zornia stirlingii Domin
Zornia subsessilis Fort.-Perez & A.M.G.Azevedo
Zornia tenuifolia Moric.
Zornia thymifolia Kunth
Zornia trachycarpa Vogel
Zornia ulei Harms
Zornia vaughaniana Mohlenbr.
Zornia venosa Mohlenbr.
Zornia vestita Mohlenbr.
Zornia virgata Moric.
Zornia walkeri Arn.
Zornia zollingeri Mohlenbr.
References
Fabaceae genera
Forages
Taxa named by Johann Friedrich Gmelin
Michigan's 101st House of Representatives district (also referred to as Michigan's 101st House district) is a legislative district within the Michigan House of Representatives located in parts of Lake, Mason, and Oceana counties, as well as all of Newaygo and Wexford counties. The district was created in 1965, when the Michigan House of Representatives district naming scheme changed from a county-based system to a numerical one.
List of representatives
Recent Elections
Historical district boundaries
References
Michigan House of Representatives districts
Benzie County, Michigan
Leelanau County, Michigan
Manistee County, Michigan
Mason County, Michigan
The Great Seal of the State of Oklahoma consists of a five-pointed star in a circle. According to a statute adopted in 1957, the flag of the governor of Oklahoma consists of a forest green field, fringed in gold, charged with the state seal surrounded by a pentagram of five white stars.
The seal itself contains six seals:
The center of the star contains the seal of the original Territory of Oklahoma. The seal contains the words , meaning 'Labor Conquers All Things'. Columbia is the central figure, representing justice and statehood.  They are surrounded by an image of the American pioneer farmer on their right and the aboriginal American Indian on their left, both of whom are shaking hands beneath the scales of Justice, symbolizing equal justice between the Anglo and Native American races in Oklahoma and on the part of the federal government. Beneath the trio is the cornucopia of plenty and the olive branch of peace, and behind is the sun of progress and civilization.
The five rays of the star hold the seals of the Five Civilized Tribes – Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, and Seminole, all of whom have a major presence in the state.
The Seal of the Cherokee Nation is in the upper left-hand ray. It consists of a large, seven-pointed star surrounded by a wreath of oak leaves. The seven-pointed star represents the seven ancient clans of the Cherokee people. The wreath of oak leaves refers to oak wood, the principal hardwood in the old Cherokee country in the Carolinas that was used in maintaining the perpetually burning sacred fire. In this connection, oak was a symbol of strength and everlasting life.
The Seal of the Chickasaw Nation is in the top ray. It consists of an Indian warrior standing in ancient regalia, carrying two arrows in their right hand, a long bow in their left, and a shield on their left shoulder. The two arrows represent their guard over the two ancient tribal divisions, from which all Chickasaw clan and house names originated. According to old tribal lore, the bow and the shield represent the insignia of the Chickasaw warrior by right of their descent from the “House of Warriors”.
The Seal of the Choctaw Nation is in the upper right-hand ray. It consists of an unstrung bow with three arrows and a pipe-hatchet blended together. The ceremonial pipe-hatchet was passed around and smoked in council when deliberating important tribal matters. Though a peaceable people, the Choctaws were noted for great strength in defending their homes and country. The unstrung bow represents peace yet instant preparedness for defense. The three arrows, always ready, stood for the three great Choctaw chiefs.
The Seal of the Creek (Muscogee) Nation is in the lower left-hand ray. It consists of a sheaf of wheat and a plow. The plow and sheaf of wheat were chosen as modern symbols of agricultural industry, for which the Creeks were noted from the earliest times. It is a reference to the prosperity that agriculture brought to the Creek people.
The Seal of the Seminole Nation is in the lower right-hand ray. It consists of a plumed tribesman shown paddling a canoe across the lake to a village with a trading post standing near the shore. This scene represents some of the early customs surrounding the act of gathering, preserving and trading plants that were held sacred in connection with their ancient tribal religious rites and ceremonies. It is symbolic of peace and plenty.
Around the large star are 45 smaller stars, representing the 45 U.S. states that existed prior to Oklahoma's statehood (the large star would be the 46th star in the seal, representing Oklahoma's admission as the 46th state).
The seal was adopted by the 1905 constitutional convention of the proposed state of Sequoyah. Sequoyah, named for the inventor of the Cherokee syllabary, was a bid for statehood by Indian Territory, which comprised the eastern half of present-day Oklahoma.
See also
Flag of Oklahoma
References
External links
The Great Seal of the State of Oklahoma
Symbols of Oklahoma
Oklahoma
Oklahoma
Oklahoma
Oklahoma
Oklahoma
Oklahoma
William John Edwards (6 July 1929 – May 2014) was a Welsh professional football player and manager. In their playing career they were a full-back.
Playing career
Edwards began their career as an amateur, initially with Cardiff City and then Lovells Athletic, from whom they joined Crystal Palace in June 1949. Over the next ten seasons Edwards was a regular in the Crystal Palace side and made 223 League appearances before moving to Rochdale in June 1959. After 68 appearances for Rochdale, Edwards moved into Non-League football with Ashford Town (Kent), where they also held a coaching position.
Coaching and management career
In February 1963 they became manager of Exeter City, remaining in charge until early 1965.
Edwards was appointed as Torquay United manager in October 1971, a post they held until January 1973. They later returned to Exeter, for a short spell, before becoming assistant manager at Plymouth Argyle. They subsequently served Leeds United as a scout.
References
External links
Jack Edwards at holmesdale.net
Jack Edwards at Nuts and Bolts Archive (Ashford Town)
1929 births
2014 deaths
People from Risca
Footballers from Newport, Wales
Association football fullbacks
Welsh footballers
Cardiff City F.C. players
Lovell's Athletic F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Ashford United F.C. players
English Football League players
Welsh football managers
Exeter City F.C. managers
Torquay United F.C. managers
The Daia is a right tributary of the river Homorodul Mare in Romania. It flows into the Homorodul Mare in Orășeni. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Harghita County
CR2 is an Irish-owned banking software company which provides mobile, internet and ATM financial service technology to more than 100 retail banks across Africa, the Middle East and Asia. Headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, the company has offices in Dubai, London, Cairo, Amman, Bengaluru, Lagos, Johannesburg, Singapore and Perth. Its customers include ANZ, Barclays, Standard Chartered, Botswana Savings Bank, Jordanian Bank al Etihad, pan-African bank Orabank, and Nigeria's Access Bank plc and Diamond Bank.
History
Founded in 1997 by two former Kindle Banking Systems directors, and part of the fintech portfolio of Ireland's state economic development agency Enterprise Ireland, CR2 is an Irish software company that provides banking products and services to financial institutions in emerging markets.
By 2000, after a series of venture capital cash injections and investment from directors, and the acquisition of London-based Interlink for £10m and was valued at more than $27m.
With investors backing CR2 to the value of €34.5 million since its foundation in 1997, the company emerged from the Dot-com bubble crash of late 2000/early 2001, to report an increase in revenue by posting a turnover of €16.4m in 2002.
An additional R&D funding round to the value of €10m was completed in 2005.
By 2012, the company was placed on the market with a value of more than €60m.
BankWorld
CR2 is best known for its digital banking platform, BankWorld.
It features mobile and internet technology for retail and corporate customers; integrated ATM technology with switch, card management, production, monitoring, screen design, support tools as well as POS (or point of sale) acquiring and payment systems; SMS push and pull and USSD; with APIs that enable third-party channel integration and innovation.
Awards and recognition
Ovum Ltd, the independent, analyst and consultancy firm, recommends CR2's digital product offering in its published report of August 2016.
CR2 recognised for delivering ‘Excellence in Channel Banking Software Solutions' at the New Age Banking Awards, 2018
References
Software companies of Ireland
Financial software companies
Software companies established in 1997
Banking software companies
Companies of the Republic of Ireland
Helen Nicoll (10 October 1937 – 30 September 2012) was an English author of children's books.  They are best known for the Meg and Mog series. In total, they wrote 17 books. They worked with Jan Pienkowski (illustrator) for over forty years on their books. In 1983, they founded an audiobook company called Cover to Cover. It was bought by BBC Worldwide in 2000.
Biography
They were educated at Blackwell and then Badminton School in Bristol. For a year they studied the violin at Dartington Hall in Devon.
Personal life
Helen married Robert Kime, an interior designer and antique dealer, in 1970. They had a daughter and a son.
References
External links
The Telegraph
The Guardian
Penguin
1937 births
2012 deaths
British children's writers
20th-century British women writers
British women children's writers
British women novelists
People from Natland
Jean Alfred Fournier () (21 May 1832 – 25 December 1914) was a French dermatologist who specialized in the study of venereal disease.
Biography
As a young man they served as an interne at the Hôpital du Midi as an understudy to Philippe Ricord (1800–1889). In 1863 they became médecine des hôpitaux, and from 1867 worked with Augustin Grisolle (1811–1869) at the Hôtel-Dieu de Paris. In 1876 they were appointed chef de service at the Hôpital Saint-Louis, later becoming a member of the Académie de Médecine (1880).
Their main contribution to medical science was the study of congenital syphilis, of which they provided a description of in 1883. In their numerous publications they stressed the importance of syphilis being the cause of degenerative diseases. In addition, in 1901 they founded an organization devoted to spreading knowledge to combat syphilis, called the Société Française de Prophylaxie Sanitaire et Morale.
Their name is associated with the following three medical terms:
Fournier's gangrene: gangrene caused by infection of the scrotum and usually associated with diabetes. Although the condition is named after Fournier after they published a series of five cases, it was first described by a physician named Baurienne in 1764.
Fournier's sign: scars on the mouth following the healing of lesions in congenital syphilis.
Fournier's tibia: fusiform thickening and anterior bowing of the tibia in congenital syphilis.
Along with their study of venereal disease, Fournier was also a medical historian, republishing works by erstwhile physicians that included Girolamo Fracastoro (1478–1553), Giovanni de Vigo (1460–1525) and Jacques de Béthencourt.
External links
Jean Alfred Fournier at Who Named It?
References
1832 births
1914 deaths
French dermatologists
19th-century French historians
French male non-fiction writers
Thommante Makkal is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Kasinathan. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, Sheela and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj and Job & Geoege The film was a debut as a child artist to actor Shobha Mohan.
Cast
Sathyan as Pappachan
Madhu as Kunjachan
Ambika as Shoshamma
Sheela as Marykutty
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Thomachan
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Achamma
Adoor Bhasi as Ousephachan
Adoor Pankajam as Oromma
K. S. Gopinath as James
Nilumbur Ayisha as Shoshamma's mother
Joseph Chacko as Kapyar
Raadha as Chinnamma
Shobha Mohan as Young Chinnama/Child Artist
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and K. V. Job and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma and Varghese Maliyekkal.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Films scored by M. S. Baburaj
Sredgora (; , Gottschee German: Mittnbold) is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
The name Sredgora is a fused prepositional phrase that has lost case inflection, from sredi 'in the middle of' + gora 'forest'. In Slovene and Slavic in general, the common noun gora refers not only to a mountain, but also to a forest in a hilly or mountainous area. The German name of the village, Mittenwald, semantically corresponds to the Slovene name and is a compound of mitten 'in the middle of' + Wald 'forest'.
History
The village was inhabited by Gottschee Germans that were expelled in 1941 during the Second World War and was burned to the ground in 1944. The local church, now a ruin, was dedicated to Mary Magdalene and belonged to the Parish of Planina.
References
External links
Sredgora at Geopedia
Pre–World War II list of oeconyms and family names in Sredgora
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Shumack is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrew Shumack, American journalist
Jack Shumack (1904–1974), Australian rugby league footballer
Samuel Shumack (1850–1940), Australian pioneer and author
Arthrobacter liuii is a gram-positive, aerobic and non-motile bacterium species from the genus Arthrobacter which has been isolated from desert soil from Xinjiang, China.
References
External links
Type strain of Arthrobacter liuii at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 2015
Micrococcaceae
Gomortega keule (syn. G. nitida; Spanish names keule, queule, and hualhual) is a tree native to Chile. It is the sole species of the genus Gomortega and, according to the APG IV system of 2016 (unchanged from the APG systems of 2009, 2003 and 1998), of the monotypic family Gomortegaceae, assigned to the order Laurales in the clade magnoliids.
Description
Evergreen trees, aromatic, gray bark with shallow longitudinal fissures. The leaves are petiolate, simple, entire, obovate to lanceolate, coriaceous. The stems have unilacunar nodes and with two foliar traces. The branches are quadrangular.
The edible fruit is a uni or trilocular yellow drupe, usually with 1 (-2) seeds, fleshy mesocarp, pleasant, stony endocarp. There are 1-2 seeds per fruit, with abundant, oily endosperm, large embryo, dicotyledonous.
The chromosome number is n = 21, 2n = 42.
Distribution
Gomortega keule grows only in a very narrow habitat range in coastal Central Chile, including the Maulino forest and parts of the Chilean matorral. It is a characterisc tree species of the Maulino forest alongside Nothofagus glauca, Nothofagus leonii and Nothofagus alessandri.
The species is endangered of extinction due to overharvesting, clearing the forests where it is found for agriculture and silviculture.
Gomortega keule produces a yellow edible sweet fruit about in diameter, harvested for making a kind of marmalade.
See also
Beilschmiedia berteroana
References
External links
The species
Gomortega keule in Encyclopedia of the Chilean Flora
Information on Gomortega keule (in Spanish)
Listed as Endangered (EN A1cd v2.3)
Pictures and habitat map of Gomortega keule (in Spanish)
Project developed in Chile on Gomortega keule (in Spanish)
(in Spanish)
The family
Gomortegaceae in L. Watson and M.J. Dallwitz (1992 onwards). The families of flowering plants : descriptions, illustrations, identification, information retrieval. Version: 27 April 2006. http://delta-intkey.com.
e-floras
NCBI Taxonomy Browser
links at CSDL, Texas
Monotypic Laurales genera
Chilean Matorral
Trees of Chile
Endangered plants
Taxa named by Henri Ernest Baillon
Taxa named by Juan Ignacio Molina
The Assemblies of God in Vietnam (AGVN) is a Pentecostal Christian denomination in Vietnam affiliated with the World Assemblies of God Fellowship. In 2009, there were an estimated 40,000 adherents. The general superintendent of the AGVN as of 2009, Duong Thanh Lam, was elected in 2001.
History
The Assemblies of God in Vietnam began through the relief work of Don Warren and their wife, who in 1970 opened an orphanage with the help of Cao Tan Phat. The work grew, and soon the three founders asked the Assemblies of God USA for help. In 1971 and 1973, the American AG began sending missionaries to Vietnam. They were aided by Philippine Assemblies of God missionaries and native Vietnamese workers. In 1972, the first church was begun in Vung Tau, and in 1973, Glen Stafford started the first Bible school in the same city. In July of that year, the AG was recognized by the South Vietnamese government. Its first general superintendent was John Hurston, an American missionary, and a central office was set up in Saigon. By 1975, there were 10,000 to 15,000 adherents. After the North Vietnamese victory in 1975, the AG, like other churches, was suppressed. Churches were closed and property was confiscated by the communist government and membership dropped dramatically. The effect on the Assemblies of God was so great that a historian has referred to the years 1975-1988 as the "Silent Period".
In the period from 1988-1998, Tran Dinh Paul Ai, who served as AG general secretary before 1975, began to lead the reorganization of the Vietnamese AG. The first general council was called in 1989 and elected Ai as general superintendent. Though still persecuted during this period, the AG grew and established a presence in every part of the country. Today, it is in the process of receiving official recognition from the Vietnamese government, having received an official operating license in October 2009. This gives it the right to legally operate and is the first step to being recognized as an official church. Prior to this, the AG had been an illegal movement since a 1994 registration attempt failed, and members reported widespread human rights violations. Following the granting of a license to operate, the AGVN held its first official general council on October 20, 2010, in Ho Chi Minh City.
References
Christianity in Vietnam
Vietnam
Christian organizations established in 1988
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
Pentecostal denominations in Asia
Sorolopha plinthograpta is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand, Korea, Japan, Taiwan and eastern Java.
The wingspan is 17–19 mm. The ground colour is slaty grey with a slight violet tinge. The markings are unicolourous dark brown. The hindwings are deep purplish brown, becoming almost black towards the margin.
References
Moths described in 1931
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Ammaye Kaanaan is a 1963 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by V. Abdulla. The film stars Sathyan, Ambika and Baby Vinodini. The film had musical score by K. Raghavan.
Cast
Sathyan as Chandran
Madhu as Balagopal
Ambika as Madhavi
Adoor Bhasi as Sangameshwara Iyer
Jose Prakash
Kottayam Santha as Janaki Amma
P. J. Antony as Sukumaran Nair
Vasanthi as Rema
Baby Vinodini as Suhasini
Bahadoor as Nanu
C. R. Lakshmi as Parvathi Amma
J. A. R. Anand
KPAC Leela as Leela
Kedamangalam Ali as Vareed
Kottayam Chellappan as Barrister Panicker
Kunjandi as Kuttaayi
Kuthiravattam Pappu as Pamman
M. G. Menon
S. P. Pillai as Sankunni Nair
Ramesh
Soundtrack
References
External links
1963 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
The National Association of Private Nontraditional Schools and Colleges (NAPNSC) was a United States educational accreditation agency, based in Grand Junction, Colorado, that was not recognized by the U.S. Department of Education or the Council for Higher Education Accreditation. NAPNSC specialized in the accreditation of higher education institutions that exclusively offer distance education programs.
It was established in 1974, under the name National Association for Schools and Colleges, by educators associated with Western Colorado University, an institution in Grand Junction which has subsequently closed down. According to John Bear, although the organization continued to improve its standards and process, its applications for Department of Education recognition were turned down on multiple occasions. NAPNSC continued to seek recognition. Because the organization was not a recognized U.S. accreditor, students attending institutions that are accredited solely by NAPNSC are not eligible for Title IV student assistance funding (Pell Grants, Stafford Loans, etc.).
As of November 2006, three institutions were listed as being accredited by NAPNSC. They were:
Cook's Institute of Electronics Engineering, Jackson, Mississippi, accredited since 1989
Trinity College of the Bible and Theological Seminary, Newburgh, Indiana, accredited since 1992
Washington Institute for Graduate Studies, Washington School of Law, South Jordan, Utah (School intentionally severed ties to NAPNSC in 2007 as part of the due diligence of new owner and President, Robert Hanson, because NAPNSC was not recognized by USDOE or CHEA. School is currently pursuing accreditation through recognized agency.)
In September 2010, John Bear reported on their website that the organization "seem[ed] to have gone away". They noted that its website had not been updated in the previous three years and its telephone number was "no longer in service".
References
External links
National Association of Private Nontraditional Schools and Colleges website (archived November 6, 2007)
Unrecognized accreditation associations
Grand Junction, Colorado
Associations of schools
1974 establishments in Colorado
Distance education institutions based in the United States
Organizations established in 1974
The São Tomé thrush or olivaceous thrush (Turdus olivaceofuscus) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to São Tomé. Until 2010, the related Príncipe thrush (Turdus xanthorhynchus) was considered a subspecies, Turdus olivaceofuscus xanthorhynchus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Birds described in 1852
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Endemic fauna of São Tomé Island
Turdus
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Berisad Glacier (, ) is a glacier long and wide in Veregava Ridge, central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It flows north-northwestwards from Kushla Peak to join Dater Glacier northeast of Sipey Bluff.
The glacier is named after the Thracian king Berisad, 358-352 BC.
Location
Berisad Glacier is centred at . US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Berisad Glacier. Copernix satellite image
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Folkestone West railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the western area of Folkestone, Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross. All trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
The ticket office, in a room on the extensive 'up' side buildings on the London-bound platform, is staffed only during part of the day; at other times a PERTIS permit to travel machine, located outside the ticket office, suffices. The substantial 'down' (country-bound) platform building is occupied as offices by Network Rail.
History
The South Eastern Main Line reached Folkestone in 1843, with a station being opened at Folkestone Junction (Folkestone East) on 18 December 1843. Folkestone West was opened on 1 November 1863 as Shorncliffe Camp, initially with two platform faces either side of double track. In 1881 the station was rebuilt with two platform faces either side of four tracks. Sometime around 1887 a bay was added to the down platform as from 1887 to 1947 the station served as the southern terminus and interchange for the Elham Valley Railway with services to Canterbury. The station was altered during the 1960–61 Kent Coast Electrification as the line from Folkestone Central to near the site of Cheriton Junction was quadrupled.
Following the opening of the Channel Tunnel and the loss of the boat train traffic, in 1994 the two centre tracks were removed.
In 2008 alterations were made on the north side of the station to provide car parking and coach loading bays, the latter in connection with the operation of the 'Orient Express' which until then operated from Folkestone Harbour Station.
Services
All services at Folkestone West are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International
1 tph to London Charing Cross via
2 tph to of which 1 continues to
During the peak hours, there are also services to and from London Cannon Street and there is also 1 train per day to .
Belmond transferred their Orient Express luxury train services to a new facility at Folkestone West from their original location at Folkestone Harbour. The company runs two British Pullman trains per week between the end of March and the beginning of November, which connect via the Channel Tunnel with the Venice Simplon Orient Express train in Calais.
References
External links
Transport in Folkestone and Hythe
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1881
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1881
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Folkestone
1863 establishments in England
Tharavattamma is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language drama film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by N. Vasudevan. The film stars Sathyan, Sheela, Sukumari and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan – Gopi
Sheela – Radha
Adoor Bhasi – Paramu Lurup
Bahadoor – Mr. Menon
Sukumari – Velamma
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair – Adv. Kesavan nair
G. K. Pillai – Madhavankutty
K. P. Ummer – Suresh
Aranmula Ponnamma – Valyamma
B. S. Saroja – Geetha
G. K. Pillai (actor)
P. J. Antony
Prathapachandran
Vasanthi
Abbas
P. R. Varalakshmi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1966 drama films
1966 films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Films scored by M. S. Baburaj
Indian drama films
All data about demographic information regarding Western Sahara is extremely error prone, regardless of source. Most countries take censuses every ten years, and some every five in order to stay abreast of change and miscounts; the last count was conducted in 1970, and even that data by colonial Spain is considered unreliable due to large nomadic populations.
Following the 1975 Green March, the Moroccan state has sponsored settlement schemes enticing thousands of Moroccans to move into the Moroccan-occupied part of Western Sahara (80% of the territory). By 2015, it was estimated that Moroccan settlers made up at least two thirds of the 500,000 inhabitants. Under international law, Morocco's transfer of its own civilians into Non-Self-Governing territory is in direct violation of Article 49 of the Fourth Geneva Convention (cf. Israeli and Turkish settlers).
The religion in Western Sahara is Sunni Islam. The major ethnic groups are Arab and Berbers. The most common language is Arabic.
CIA World Factbook demographic statistics
The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook, unless otherwise indicated.
Languages
Modern Standard Arabic and Spanish, the former colonial language, are the official languages of the Polisario Front, based in Tindouf, Algeria. Hassaniya, an Arabic dialect, is the native language spoken in Western Sahara and in the refugee camps in Tindouf in Algeria. There is also a significant presence of Berber language speakers in the northern parts of the territory of Western Sahara.
Hassaniya, primarily spoken at home, is dominated by the Moroccan dialect spoken in the streets, workplace, and schools. This is because the great majority of the population consists of Moroccans who settled in Western Sahara. French is also commonly used by the Moroccan administration. In the urban areas Moroccan Arabic is now spoken, as Morocco controls and administers most of the territory of Western Sahara and all of its cities, and considers it an inseparable part of the country. The Moroccan constitution stipulates two official languages for the Kingdom of Morocco, including Western Sahara: Berber (Tamazight) and Arabic.
Spanish is common among Sahrawi people and especially among the Sahrawi diaspora, with the Sahrawi Press Service, official news service of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, being available in Spanish since 2001 and the Sahara Film Festival, Western Sahara's only film festival, showing mainly Spanish-language films. Spanish is used to document Sahrawi poetry and oral traditions and has also been used in Sahrawi literature. Despite Spanish having been used by the Sahrawi people for over a century, the Cervantes Institute does not provide support or Spanish-language education to Sahrawis in Western Sahara and the Sahrawi refugee camps in Algeria. A group of Sahrawi poets known as 'Generación de la Amistad saharaui' produce Sahrawi literature in Spanish.
Religions
Sunni Islam is the major religion in Western Sahara. Sunni Muslims constitute about 99.9% of the population. Prior to 1975 there were over 20,000 Roman Catholics in Western Sahara but there were only around 100.
Nationality
Noun:
Western Saharan(s)
adjective:
Western Saharan
Population
400,000 (November 2014 est.)
Age structure
0–14 years:
44.9% (male 92,418/female 89,570)
15–64 years:
53.8% (male 105,191/female 108,803)
65 years and over:
2.3% (male 3,881/female 5,337) (2010 est.)
Population growth rate
3.097% (2011 est.)
Birth rate
39.54 births/1,000 population (2010 est.)
Death rate
11.49 deaths/1,000 population (2010 est.)
Net migration rate
−6.05 migrant(s)/1,000 population (2000 est.)
Morocco has a policy of subsidizing Moroccan settlers in the territory.
Infant mortality rate
69.66 deaths/1,000 live births (2010 est.)
Life expectancy at birth
total population:
54.32 years
male:
52 years
female:
56.73 years (2010 est.)
Total fertility rate
4.3 children born/woman (2011 est.)
Literacy
definition:
NA
total population:
NA%
male:
NA%
female:
NA%
Refugees
The events triggered by the Moroccan and Mauritanian joint invasion of Western Sahara at the end of 1975 are directly linked to the large displacement of the Saharawi population, most of whom live as refugees in south-west Algeria. The major bulk of Saharawis became refugees during the war between the Polisario Front and Morocco. The south-western desert region near Tindouf offered a potential safe region. Algeria, in its rivalry with Morocco, offered the Sahrawis a safe place to settle and actively supported the Polisario.
The next Saharawi exodus, although on a smaller scale, took place in 1979 when Mauritania withdrew from the conflict and Morocco annexed the rest of Western Sahara. Exact figures cannot be provided for the numbers that fled the territory in those two waves, but the estimations are between 1/3 and 2/3 of the total population at that time. The current size of the population in the refugee camps is believed to be around 165,000.
Used by the Algerian government, this figure is the most widely quoted by NGOs and is also used by the UNHCR and the World Food Programme to raise funds for food aid to the refugees. In the 2004 WFP meeting in Rome, the number of refugees was officially recognized at 158,000.
See also
Legal status of Western Sahara
Demographics of Morocco
References
Cameraria tubiferella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Kentucky, Maine, New York, Maryland and Pennsylvania in the United States.
The wingspan is about 8 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus michauxii and Quercus virginiana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the upperside of the leaf. The very characteristic mine cannot be mistaken for that of any other species. The mine is often branched, the larva returning toward the beginning of the mine, and starting out anew in another direction.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Taxa named by James Brackenridge Clemens
Moths described in 1860
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of the United States
Ctiboř is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Ctiboř (Benešov District), a village in the Central Bohemian Region
Ctiboř (Tachov District), a village in the Plzeň Region
See also
Ctibor (name)
Sigoghin is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 13,528.
References
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Dan or Danny Long may refer to:
Dan Long (producer), American music producer, recording engineer, and mixer
Dan Long (baseball) (1867–1929), outfielder in Major League Baseball
Daniel E. Long Jr., United States Army general
Danny Long (footballer), see 2012 FAI Cup
Danny Long (boxer), see Robbie Sims
The Springthorpe Memorial is an elaborate Victorian era memorial located within Boroondara General Cemetery in Kew, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.
The memorial was built by Melbourne doctor John Springthorpe,
in honour of their wife, Annie Springthorpe (née Inglis), who died in 1897 at the age of 30 while giving birth to their fourth child. Construction began in 1897, and the memorial was unveiled in 1901. The Springthorpe Memorial is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
The centrepiece of the memorial, commissioned by the grieving Dr Springthorpe, is a marble sculpture by Bertram Mackennal. A figure of the deceased lies on a sarcophagus while an angel, standing beside her, places a wreath (now missing) by their head. A sorrowful, draped female figure sits beside the sarcophagus, clutching a lyre.
The sculpted figures are housed in a structure derivative of a Greek temple, designed by Melbourne architect Harold Desbrowe-Annear. It has dark marble columns, granite pediments and entablatures adorned with serpent-head gargoyles at each corner, and a stained glass domed roof. The latter is made up of hundreds of ruby-coloured glass pieces supported by radiating ironwork. On a fine day sunlight, streaming through the roof, imparts a reddish glow on the sculpture below.
The memorial is located in a garden setting which the curator of Melbourne's Royal Botanic Gardens, William Guilfoyle, was commissioned to design. However, the layout seen today probably has little in common with their original design.
The base of the memorial, surrounded by an iron picket balustrade, is paved with red tiles which have various verses inscribed on them in gold lettering. There are also inscriptions on each pediment and entablature of the temple structure, in both English and Greek.
Nowhere on the memorial is there any mention of the deceased's name, the most specific reference being the following inscription:
My own true love
Pattern daughter perfect mother and ideal wife
Born on the 26th day of January 1867
Married on the 26th day of January 1887
Buried on the 26th day of January 1897
Architectural features and influences
The Springthorpe Memorial is a classical style Greek revival temple that also incorporates some key Gothic features. Additionally, it employs an Ionian order, with a distinct emphasis on symmetry and proportion. Such classical attributes are juxtaposed with the more Gothic derived elements of the stained glass dome and the square plan. Inspired by John Ruskin, Springthorpe strove to create a structure that was authentic and permanent. This is reflected in the choice of materials including, marble from Carrara, green granite from Labrador, Bronze, cast iron cased in copper, mosaic tiles and glass. All aspects of the memorial, including the sculpture, structure and ornament are imbued with meaning which combined with the large range of materials gives it a broad level of engagement.
The memorial is conceptualised around a strong belief in Christianity in combination with a dramatisation and idealisation of love. Motivated by the desire to be reunited with their wife, Annie, Dr Springthorpe found comfort in a dual commitment to the Protestant church and to building a structure that would capture the complexity of their intense grief. Such devotion created a need to manifest something more solid and more sustaining than traditional forms of memorialising; of conceiving a '`whole [that] is more than a Tomb [but]…is the Real made Ideal – an apotheosis of love for all true lovers to the end of Time with its tale of loss, memory, separation and Reunion. To this end they wanted a representation that was creative, energetic, elaborate and universal. Such energy is captured in their enthusiastic use of text. The memorial is laden with inscriptions of chosen poets such as Whitman, Dante, Rossetti and Browning, as well as Springthorpe's personal thoughts. Fascinated by concepts of the ideal woman, Springthorpe had delivered a paper, several years earlier, entitled 'The Perfect Woman' in which they concluded that Shakespeare's Rosalind was the ideal. Annie seems to be likened to this ideal in the inscription "Pattern Daughter, Perfect Mother, and Ideal Wife".
Symbolic References of the Memorial
The Springthorpe memorial is laden with wide range of sculptural and textual symbolism and includes adaptations of the Bible, the Greek classics, Walt Whitman, Wordsworth, Dante, Browning, Riley, and Dante Gabriel Rossetti. Springthorpe wanted the structure to stand not just as a memorial for their wife, but also as an expression of the hope in loss for all humankind, and thus Annie's name was not inscribed anywhere on the memorial.
Circling the memorial from the eastern side, looking up at the four gables one reads the words, "Peace Evermore", "Life Evermore", "Light Evermore" and "Love Evermore", which were borrowed from a hymn in Dr. Charles Strong's collection for the Australian Church.
In the original sketches by Desbrowe-Annear, one metope at the end of the memorials frieze was to be filled with a classically inspired laurel wreath, but the completed scheme instead used sculptural bronze snake heads, designed by prominent Melbourne artist and close friend to Springthorpe, Sir John Longstaff. Snake heads were included for their strong association with death, the underworld and also with resurrection. Springthorpe, a devout Protestant doctor also saw the snake as a symbol of their profession and also, as a symbol of Woman.
Springthorpe, an avid follower of the English painter and poet Dante Rossetti, refers several times throughout their diary to Rossetti's Blessed Damozel. Two stanzas from this poem are inscribed in north elevation of the memorial:
The blessed damozel leaned out From the gold bar of Heaven; Them eyes were deeper than the depth Of waters stilled at even; They had three lilies in their hand, And the stars in their hair were seven.”
It is worth noting too, that Annie is depicted in sculpture holding a bouquet of three lilies with a crown of seven stars ( the wreath has since been removed). Included in the sculptural group sits a weeping woman at Annie's feet, eternalising human grief and sorrow, and on their other side stands the figure of an angel, a representation of god, death and immortality, who places the wreath on Annie's head.
References
External links
Boroondara General Cemetery
Guide to the papers of Dr John William Springthorpe
The Springthorpe Memorial: Melbourne, Victorian, & Australian Architecture Topics
Monuments and memorials in Victoria (Australia)
Buildings and structures in Melbourne
Greek Revival buildings
Heritage sites in Melbourne
Neoclassical architecture in Australia
1901 sculptures
1901 establishments in Australia
Bagan or bagang is a fishing instrument (lift net) that uses nets and lights so that it can be used for light fishing, originating from Indonesia. Bagan is floated out to the sea to catch fishes, squids, and shrimps, and remain in the sea for several days or even months. The catch would be transported to land using other boats.
History
Earlier light fishing in the archipelago may have appeared with the emergence of acetylene lamps in the early years of the 20th century.
Bagan (bagang) was first introduced by Makassarese and Bugis people in South and Southeast Sulawesi in the 1950s. This version may have used high pressure paraffin steam lamp produced in Indonesia during that time. Then in a relatively short period of time it has been known almost throughout the Indonesian fishing area and in its development has undergone changes in shape.
Description
Bagan is made up of several components: Nets, shack (made of woven or wooden material, sometimes without roof), serok (handle net) and lights. The nets are generally 9 x 9 m wide, with 0.5 – 1 cm mesh, made of cotton or nylon yarn. These nets are fastened to a rectangular frame made of bamboo or wood. The shack (anjang-anjang) is made of bamboo/wood whose underside is 10 x 10 m, while the upper part is 9.5 x 9.5 m (for stationary bagan). At the deck there is a roller to lower and lift the net. Catching with a bagan is only done at night (light fishing), especially on the dark moon phase by using lights as fishing aids.
Types
Bagan tancap (stationary lift net)
This bagan is non-movable and once installed (planted) means it is operated for the duration of the fishing season. The net would be lowered using the roller. On the dark phases of the moon, lights are turned on since sunset and placed at a distance of ± 1 m above the water surface. When a large number of fish have gathered, the net is lifted and the process is repeated until it gets the desired results. The catch is generally the types of small fish such as: tembang (sardinella), anchovies, japuh (rainbow sardine), selar (yellowstripe scad), petek (leiognathidae), kerong-kerong (crescent grunter), kapas-kapas (gerres filamentosus), squid, cuttlefish, etc.
Bagan rakit (raft lift nets)
A raft bagan is a lifting net that can be moved in locations where fish are predicted to be mobile. Like the stationary bagan, there is also a platform above the raft. On either side below the shack is placed a raft and bamboo as the base (foundation) of the shack as well as a floating device.
Bagan perahu (boat lift nets)
Compared to a raft bagan, the shape of the boat bagan is simpler and lighter making it easier to move to the desired place. This boat bagan consists of two boats which are connected at the front and back by two bamboo sticks so that a square is formed as a place to hang the net.
Bagan perahu beranjang-anjang (boat lift nets with platform)
It is similar with bagan rakit, but with two boats as the floating device. At the time of fish capture, raft bagan, boat bagan, or boat bagan with platform is anchored.
Bagan berlayar (lift nets with sail)
While the other types were towed to the sea, sailing bagan has its own rudder and sail and generally is a boat with platform. They are usually a larger version of local boats and canoes, for example those from West Sulawesi has a hull similar to Mandarese sandeq. Some of them has a large hold built with planks, loosely coupled with a stick and string. The others are beautiful with slender boards and beautiful bow and stern like a sapa (sope), while some others doesn't have the sapa's bow. A lot of them has decorated stern, gunwale, and poop deck.
The best sailing bagan has masts on each hull (if it's a catamaran) and two parallel rigging. The rigging on East Indonesian sailing bagan is nade (gunter) or lete (lateen), the ones from Java and Sulawesi has tanja rig. Majority of sailing bagang is steered using large central rudder placed vertically, only few had side (quarter) rudders, but in practice the sail has more effect than the rudders.
Gallery
See also
Basnigan, similar fishing instrument from Philippines
Mayang (boat)
Jukung
Sandeq
References
Further reading
Genisa, Abdul Samad (1998). "Some Notes on Fishes Gear for Small Pelagic Fish". Oseana. 23: 19-34.
Horridge, Adrian (2015). Perahu Layar Tradisional Nusantara. Yogyakarta: Penerbit Ombak. An Indonesian translation of Horridge, Adrian (1985). The Prahu: Traditional Sailing Boat of Indonesia, second edition. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Sailboat types
Indonesian inventions
Fishing techniques and methods
Boats of Indonesia
Austronesian ships
Međurečje is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 144 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Shanghai–Kowloon through train is an intercity railway service between Hung Hom station in Hong Kong and Shanghai railway station, jointly operated by the MTR of Hong Kong and China's national rail service (Shanghai Railway Bureau). The numbers of this train service are Z99B (away from Shanghai) and Z100B (towards Shanghai). Services operate along the East Rail line in Hong Kong, crossing the boundary between Hong Kong and mainland China at Lo Wu/Luohu and then continuing along China's railway network via the Guangshen railway, Jingguang railway and the Hukun railway to Shanghai. The train runs every other day. The journey time is approximately 20 hours.
The stops on the route are Guangzhou East, Zhuzhou, and Jinhuaxi stations. Only passengers taking Z99A/Z100A (Shanghai-Guangzhou East) can disembark at these stops.
Since 1 October 2003, passengers cannot disembark at the stops listed above, as all travellers to Hong Kong from Shanghai clear Chinese immigration and customs at Shanghai station, and once they have done so they are considered to have left Mainland China and are no longer permitted to leave the train until their arrival at Hung Hom station. The same rule also applies to Northbound travellers who will clear Chinese immigration once they have arrived at Shanghai station. 144-hour visa-free transit for passengers who are of selected nationalities are available since 30 January 2016.
Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the service has been suspended indefinitely since 30 January 2020.
Train carriages
Shanghai–Kowloon through train uses 25T class train carriages. The train has 18 carriages in total. But only 11 carriages go to Hong Kong because other 7 carriages serve Z99A/Z100A, they are separated (for Z99B go to Hong Kong) at the Guangzhou East railway station.
Timetable
See also
Shanghai Railway Bureau
MTR
Shanghai–Hangzhou high-speed railway
Hangzhou–Fuzhou–Shenzhen railway
Beijing–Kowloon through train
References
External links
MTRC intercity passenger services
Passenger rail transport in Hong Kong
Rail transport in Shanghai
MTR
Z
Articles containing video clips
Vez is a Spanish and Portuguese word meaning time (in the sense of occasion), and thus appears in the titles of a very large number of works such as books, films and songs. It is also a toponym in several countries.
People
El Vez, Mexican-American singer-songwriter and musician
Irantzu Garcia Vez (born 1992), Spanish curler
León Ávalos y Vez (1906–1991), Mexican mechanical engineer
Sergio Vez (born 1994), Spanish curler
Places
Vez, Oise, Hauts-de-France, France
Věž, Vysočina, Czech Republic
Vaz Mollā, also transliterated Vazmela, Mazandaran, Iran
Vez River, Portugal
See also
Tal Vez (disambiguation)
Vèze, Cantal, France
Beckley Club Estates is a neighborhood in the Oak Cliff area of Dallas, Texas. The area is composed of bungalow style houses built in the 1920s and 1950s along winding, hilly streets in North Oak Cliff. The area's boundaries consist of North Shore to the north, Beckley to the west, Arizona Ave. to the East and Iowa Ave. to the south. The area is one of the quickest appreciating areas in the 75216 ZIP code, which is one of the poorest in Dallas.
Peacocks
Beckley Club Estates is home to an ostentation of about 40 peacocks. The neighborhood received international media coverage in 2015 when one of the peacocks was stolen and later returned.
External links
Map:
Neighborhoods in Oak Cliff, Dallas
Neighborhoods in Dallas
Tennessee Christmas may refer to:
Music
Albums
Tennessee Christmas, a 2016 album by Amy Grant
Tennessee Christmas: A Holiday Collection, a 2008 album by Point of Grace
East Tennessee Christmas, a 1983 album by Chet Atkins
Songs
"Tennessee Christmas" a 1983 song by Amy Grant, also re-recorded by Grant in 2016 for their above mentioned album
2008 cover version of Grant's song by Point of Grace from their above mentioned album
"East Tennessee Christmas" by Chet Atkins from their above mentioned album
The Sex Lives of Cannibals: Adrift in the Equatorial Pacific is a 2004 travelogue by author J. Maarten Troost describing the two years they and their girlfriend spent living on the Tarawa atoll in the Pacific island nation of Kiribati.
Plot
In the book Troost described how they and their girlfriend Sylvia adjusted to life on the remote small island in the South Pacific, and built a life for themselves there. Troost described the unusual people they lived with, and bizarre and unfamiliar local customs, as well as the local people's reaction to Troost's own behaviour that they regarded as unusual.
In those two years, the author adjusted to an over-whelming fish-based diet, extreme heat, and an ineffective government, which the author describes as "Coconut Stalinism - though Stalin, at least, got something done." They described frequent electrical and water shortages, along with many other idiosyncrasies of living on such a small and remote island.
At the same time, Troost also challenges American complacency toward its own history, by doing so little to remember the many troops who died in the Battle of Tarawa during World War II, and the many foreign aid workers and consultants, who failed to consider the islanders' real needs or local culture.
Sequel
This book was followed up by Getting Stoned with Savages (2006), the further adventures of J. Maarten Troost and their wife, Sylvia.
Notes
References
2004 non-fiction books
Travel books
Kiribati literature
Books about Oceania
José Morganti (nicknamed Cacho), was an Argentine rugby union footballer, who played in the Club Atlético San Isidro and San Isidro Club, winning league titles with both. They also captained the Argentina national team and of Buenos Aires Provincial side.
Career
Morganti was born in Buenos Aires, beginning their career at Club Atlético San Isidro (mostly known as "CASI"), club where played from 1940 to 1946. In 1947, Morganti moved to CASI's main rival, San Isidro Club, where they played until their retirement in 1951.
In 1951, Morganti was called up to join the national team that played the first South American championship that same year. Morganti was captain of the national team that played the final game v. Chile at GEBA stadium, ending with a victory for Argentina by 13–3, therefore crowning champion.
Titles
Club
C.A. San Isidro
Torneo de la URBA (1): 1943
San Isidro Club
Torneo de la URBA (1): 1948
Buenos Aires Province
Campeonato Argentino (1): 1951
National team
Argentina
South American Championship (1): 1951
References
External links
www.sanisidroclub.com.ar
Argentine people of Italian descent
Rugby union players from Buenos Aires
Argentina international rugby union players
Argentine rugby union players
San Isidro Club rugby union players
Club Atlético San Isidro rugby union players
Río de la Plata
Rugby union forwards
Remenchus Glacier () is a channel glacier about 4 nautical miles (7 km) wide and 8 nautical miles (15 km) long, flowing northwest from the continental ice and terminating in a small, but prominent tongue close east of the Mariner Islands and 12 nautical miles (22 km) northeast of Bunger Hills. Mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John F. Remenchus, chief aviation pilot, who assisted U.S. Navy Operation Windmill shore party operations and made photographic flights along Wilhelm II, Queen Mary, Knox and Budd Coasts in January–February 1948.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Wilkes Land
Dorcadion komarowi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1887.
Subspecies
Dorcadion komarowi komarowi Jakovlev, 1887
Dorcadion komarowi kryzhanovskii Plavilstshikov, 1958
References
komarowi
Beetles described in 1887
Aun the Old (Old Norse Aunn inn gamli, Latinized Auchun, Proto-Norse *Audawiniʀ: English: "Edwin the Old") is a mythical Swedish king of the House of Yngling in the Heimskringla.
Aun was the son of Jorund, and had ten sons, nine of which they were said to have sacrificed in order to prolong their own life. Based on the internal chronology of the House of Yngling, Aun would have died late in the fifth century.
They were succeeded by their son Egil Vendelcrow (Íslendingabók: Egill Vendilkráka)
identified with Ongentheow of the Beowulf narrative and placed in the early sixth century.
Ynglingatal
Ruling from their seat in Uppsala, Aun was reputedly a wise king who made sacrifices to the gods. However, they were not of a warlike disposition and preferred to live in peace. They were attacked and defeated by the Danish prince Halfdan. Aun fled to the Geats in Västergötland, where they stayed for 25 years until Halfdan died in their bed in Uppsala.
Upon Halfdan's death Aun returned to Uppsala. Aun was now 60 years old, and in an attempt to live longer they sacrificed their son to Odin, who had promised that this would mean they would live for another 60 years. After 25 years, Aun was attacked by Halfdan's cousin Ale the Strong. Aun lost several battles and had to flee a second time to Västergötland. Ale the Strong ruled in Uppsala for 25 years until they were killed by Starkad the old.
After Ale the Strong's death, Aun once again returned to Uppsala and once again sacrificed a son to Odin; this time Odin told the king that they would remain living as long as they sacrificed a son every ten years and that they had to name one of the Swedish provinces after the number of sons they sacrificed.
When Aun had sacrificed a son for the seventh time, they were so old that they could not walk but had to be carried on a chair. When they had sacrificed a son for the eighth time, they could no longer get out of their bed. When they had sacrificed their ninth son, they were so old that they had to feed, like a little child, by suckling on a horn.
After ten years they wanted to sacrifice their tenth and last son and name the province of Uppsala The Ten Lands. However, the Swedes refused to allow them to make this sacrifice and so they died. They were buried in a mound at Uppsala and succeeded by their last son Egil.
From that day, dying in bed of old age was called Aun's sickness.
Historia Norwegiæ
The Historia Norwegiæ presents a Latin summary of Ynglingatal, older than Snorri's quotation (continuing after Jorund):
Notes
Primary sources
Ynglingatal
Ynglinga saga (part of the Heimskringla)
Historia Norwegiae
Secondary sources
Nerman, B. Det svenska rikets uppkomst. Stockholm, 1925.
Mythological kings of Sweden
Filicides
Human sacrifice
The High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Vanuatu is the United Kingdom's diplomatic representative to the Republic of Vanuatu.
As Vanuatu and the United Kingdom are fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between them are at government level rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners rather than ambassadors.
History
In 2005 the British Government closed its High Commission in Port Vila. During this time British interests in Vanuatu were represented by the British High Commissioner to the Solomon Islands who was also accredited as High Commissioner to Vanuatu. The British High Commission in Port Vila is to reopened in summer 2019 with a resident High Commissioner.
List of heads of mission
High Commissioners to Vanuatu
1980–1982: William Ashford
1982–1985: Richard Dorman
1985–1988: Malcolm Creek
1988–1992: John Thompson
1992–1995: Thomas Duggin
1995–1997: James Daly
1997–2000: Malcolm Hilson
2000–2005: Michael Hill
2006–2009: Roger Sykes (non-resident)
2009–2011: Malcolm McLachlan (non-resident)
2011–2012: Timothy Smart (acting, non-resident)
2012–2013: Martin Fidler (acting, non-resident)
2013–2016: Dominic Meiklejohn (non-resident)
2016–2019: David Ward (non-resident)
2019–present: Karen Bell
References
Vanuatu
United Kingdom
The MRT Chalong Ratchadham line () or MRT Purple line () is Bangkok's fifth rapid transit line, following the Sukhumvit Line, Silom Line, MRT Blue Line, and Airport Rail Link. Daily ridership is 70,000. The line was opened on 6 August 2016 and is the second line of MRT system operated by BEM.
The line is 23 km long, serving north-western part of Bangkok and Nonthaburi Province.
History
Origin
Officially named the Chalong Ratchadham Line () – "To Celebrate the Great King's Reign with Righteousness" – but informally known as the "Purple Line", the rapid transit system serves a north–south corridor in Bangkok's Mass Rapid Transit Master Plan. It incorporates an extension of the Blue Line from nearby Bang Sue station to Tao Poon station.
The construction project was divided into six contracts, three of them civil work. The contracts were signed from late 2009 to early 2010 and completion was originally scheduled for 2014. The third contract included construction of four park and ride buildings at the Khlong Bang Phai, Sam Yaek Bang Yai, Bang Rak Noi Tha It, and Yaek Nonthaburi 1 stations. On 31 March 2017, the fifth contract was effectively terminated and became part of a new Blue Line concession agreement.
The 2011 Thailand floods delayed the construction of the line, and in June 2013, five people were injured when six beams fell onto vehicles below Tao Poon station. In July 2014, the civil work was 94 percent complete; in October 2014, civil work was stated to be 99% complete.
The line was opened on 6 August 2016. However, the Blue Line extension section was delayed, so when it opened the Purple Line wasn't connect to any other rapid transit system in Bangkok. This resulted in low line usage. Even with a reduced fare, the line only attracted about 22,000 passengers daily compared to a goal of 100,000.
The Blue Line extension to Tao Poon was opened about a year later, on 11 August 2017, and ridership increased. In 2019, daily ridership for the line was 70,000.
Route
The Purple line starts from Khlong Bang Phai station in Bang Bua Thong District. Line travel south along Kanchanaphisek Road before turning eastward near Central Westgate, onto Rattanathibet Road. Line then continue along Rattanathibet Road, passing through a large residential area in Bang Yai District, crosses the Chao Phraya River on a bridge parallel to the Phra Nangklao Bridge and runs to Nonthaburi Civic Center station. Line then turn southward onto Tiwanon Road, passing Ministry of Public Health and turn southeast onto Krung Thep-Nonthaburi road, entering Yaek Tiwanon station. Line then entering Bangkok city limit at Bang Sue district. Passing Bang Son station before terminate at upper platform of Tao Poon station. With a total length is , serving 16 stations.
Stations
Future Extension
Southern Extension (Tao Poon - Rat Burana)
Bangkok's Mass Rapid Transit Master Plan includes extending Purple Line south from Tao Poon to Rat Burana through Bangkok's old town via both an underground and elevated route. The total planned length is 23.5 km (12.7 km underground, 10 km elevated and 0.8 km transitioning structure) with seventeen stations (ten underground and seven elevated).
*Station names are as per report published in 2019, are subject to change and are not finalized. Stations locations may be adjusted
Approval was expected in mid 2017 with a tender due in the second half of 2017. On 25 July 2017, Cabinet approval was given, but the tender was then delayed until 2018. By December 2018, a tender had still not been issued and was further delayed. In August 2019, subject to final land acquisition, a March 2020 tender was planned. In mid 2020, the Ministry of Transport still aimed for a tendering process within 2020 despite COVID-19 related delays. The MRTA expected the tender to be issued in February 2021. If construction commences in the second half of 2021, the extension is projected to enter service in 2027. Construction contracts were finally signed in March 2022 for a planned 2027 opening date.
Potential Northern Extension
A 4.5 km extension from Bang Yai to Bang Bua Thong intersection - which was not part of the original Purple Line plan - has previously been requested by the Nonthaburi governor. However, as of 2020 there are no plans to build such an extension.
Rolling stock
In November 2013, BEM contracted with Marubeni Corp, Toshiba Corp, and East Japan Railway Company to install E&S systems, supply 21 three-car trains (total of 63 cars) rolling stock, and provide maintenance for 10 years as part of a contract worth 12.6 billion baht. East Japan Railway train manufacturing subsidiary J-TREC built them in Yokohama with the first sets delivered in early 2016.
In total, line is service by 21 three-car trains. Trains are powered by 750v DC via third rail system, are air-conditioned and capable of traveling at up to 80 km/h.
Operation
The 16-station Purple line runs from Khlong Bang Phai to Tao Poon and has a carrying capacity of 30,000 people in each direction per hour. Line operated everyday from 6am to midnight with headway of under 6 minutes during rush hour and 9 minutes during non-rush hour. All stations on the line are equipped with platform screen doors. Stations are built to accommodate six-car trains, but only three-car trains were used. The line has 1 depot near Khlong Bang Phai station
The MRTA has proposed to BEM to introduce multi-trip package fares to reduce prices which follows an earlier proposal by the Department of Railways to offer 40% discounts during off peak travel.
Ridership
When the Purple line first opened daily ridership was only 22,000 compared to projected numbers of 100,000. After the opening of the Blue Line extension to Tao Poon 1 year later in August 2017, daily average ridership increased significantly from 33,000 to 50,000.
In August 2018, the MRTA Deputy Governor stated that daily ridership had increased to 60,000 each weekday. By late 2019, this had increased to 70,000.
See also
Mass Rapid Transit Master Plan in Bangkok Metropolitan Region
BTS Skytrain
Sukhumvit Line
Silom Line
Airport Rail Link (Bangkok)
Bangkok Metro
MRT Blue Line
MRT Brown Line
MRT Grey Line
MRT Light Blue Line
MRT Orange Line
MRT Pink Line
MRT Yellow Line
SRT Dark Red Line
SRT Light Red Line
Bangkok BRT
BMA Gold Line
References
External links
"BEM Purple Line website"
"MRTA Purple Line South Extension website"
Airport Rail Link, BTS, MRT & BRT network map
2016 establishments in Thailand
Purple line
Proposed public transport in Thailand
Nonthaburi province
Railway lines opened in 2016
"Homer Simpson, This Is Your Wife" is the fifteenth episode of the seventeenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 26, 2006, and was watched by around ten million people during that broadcast. In the episode, Homer signs the Simpson family up for a reality show in which the mothers of two families switch places. Marge gets to live with a friendly man named Charles and their perfect son, while Homer, Bart, and Lisa must spend time with Charles' strict wife Verity.
English comedian Ricky Gervais contributed to the writing of the episode and guest starred in it as Charles. As a big fan of The Simpsons, they felt it was "a dream come true." They were given the offer to write and guest star by The Simpsons creator Matt Groening, who was a fan of Gervais' British comedy series The Office. After meeting Groening and executive producer Al Jean in early 2004, Gervais set out to come up with the storyline for the episode. They were inspired by the British reality show Wife Swap. Though Gervais contributed a large part to the episode, the script was a joint effort with the regular writing staff of the show.
Gervais' performance has been praised by critics, being listed as one of the best guest appearances on The Simpsons by writers for Entertainment Weekly and The Times. Groening also liked the performance and invited Gervais to appear on the show again. The episode as a whole, however, received mixed reviews from critics. A live-action remake of the regular animated opening sequence of The Simpsons aired at the beginning of the episode.
Plot
Lenny invites their friends in Springfield to a party at their apartment, where has bought a brand-new plasma screen high-definition television. Homer immediately falls in love with its HD picture, and begins to spend all their time at Lenny's home watching HDTV. Marge sends over Bart and Lisa to convince them to come back but they too become enthralled.
After a few days, Homer is kicked out by Lenny, and when they return home they no longer enjoys watching their regular CRT TV, so Marge enters the family in a contest where first-place prize is a plasma HDTV. They later manage to win the third-place prize: a trip to the studios of Fox Broadcasting Company. There, Homer learns of a reality show called Mother Flippers in which the mothers of two families switch places. The grand prize happens to be enough money to buy a new plasma HDTV, so the family signs up for the show.
Marge is traded to a nice, easygoing man named Charles Heathbar and their perfect son Ben, while Homer gets Charles' strict wife Verity. Charles dislikes their wife, especially for constantly telling them what to do, so they are surprised to see that Marge is understanding and kind. As Marge enjoys their time with Charles, they begin to develop an infatuation for them Meanwhile, Homer, Bart, and Lisa are having major troubles with Verity, who disciplines them and objects to everything they do. At one point, Verity makes Bart and Homer write reports on Itchy and Scratchy and CSI: Miami.
Charles proclaims their love for Marge by song, but they explain to them that they love Homer, and that they should tell their wife how they feel about them They agree, and decides to take Marge back to Homer and then get rid of Verity. When the two arrive in Springfield, however, Verity has already decided to leave Charles and found a new partner, Patty Bouvier, brought together by their hatred for Homer. That night Homer plays a guitar and expresses their undying love for their newly bought plasma HDTV and (to a lesser extent) Marge.
Production
Background
Many Simpsons staff members were fans of English comedian Ricky Gervais and their British comedy series The Office that they created and starred. In January 2004, The Simpsons creator Matt Groening called Gervais to congratulate them on their double Golden Globe win. During the phone call, Gervais was invited to lunch with Groening and executive producer Al Jean since they were big fans and wanted to meet him. At this lunch, they were offered a chance to appear in and write an episode of The Simpsons. Groening first asked Gervais for just a guest appearance, but came to the conclusion that they might be interested in writing an episode too. Gervais told The Independent that when they got the offer, "well, I knew I had to say yes, but fear kicked in at exactly the same time." They became the first person to be credited with simultaneously writing and guest-starring in an episode of The Simpsons. They were also the first Briton to write an episode for the show. As a big follower of The Simpsons, Gervais saw the experience as "a dream come true."
Writing process
After the lunch with Groening and Jean in early 2004, Gervais began coming up with a storyline. Because The Simpsons had been airing for such a long time, they found it difficult to think of a story that had not been done before. They finally based the plot on the British reality series Wife Swap after a suggestion from their girlfriend Jane Fallon, and wrote the character Charles to resemble David Brent, the character Gervais played on The Office. While working on the episode, Gervais made sure to make use of their favorite characters from The Simpsons, such as Lenny. They revealed to the press for the first time in December 2004 that they were writing an episode, commenting that "I've got the rough idea but this is the most intimidating project of my career. The Simpsons is the greatest TV show of all time." When they showed their first work to Groening and Jean, they liked it. Groening told the press that "we could never have written their character the way they did" and that "he caught our tone exactly, and then added their own Ricky Gervais/David Brent patheticness."
Although Gervais came up with the plot of the episode and wrote parts of it on their own, the whole writing team of The Simpsons worked on the script and pitched ideas, as is done with all episodes. Gervais has said in interviews that they think they received too much credit for writing the episode, claiming they merely sent their plot ideas, along with some written scenes, to Jean through email, and it was then the staff of the show that "made it look like a Simpsons script." They commented in a Dazed & Confused article that "I'm going to get the credit, but I think everyone in the industry knows it was a joint effort." One of the scenes that Gervais wrote themselves was Charles' love song for Marge, which later appeared on the 2007 soundtrack album The Simpsons: Testify.
Impact
When asked in an interview if the Simpsons staff learned anything from the experience of having Gervais contribute to the show, Groening said they found out "that we could stay true to The Simpsons sensibility, with high-velocity visual gags, but also honor what Ricky does with subtlety and nuance." Jean added that "there was a scene with Ricky and Julie Kavner [who plays Marge], which was longer than scenes we normally do, and slower-paced, but it got a bigger laugh." According to Don Kaplan, writing for the New York Post, Gervais said to a British newspaper in late 2005 that as a result of working on The Simpsons and other American shows, their connection with American television is deeper than their connection with British television.
In July 2007, Groening stated that they would like to see Gervais appear on the show again because the staff enjoyed their performance. They also said that Gervais could decide themselves if they wanted to return as Charles or a new character, should they choose to lend their voice again. Gervais did make another guest appearance on the show in an episode entitled "Angry Dad: The Movie" that was broadcast in the United States on February 20, 2011. This time they played himself.
Release
"Homer Simpson, This Is Your Wife" was originally broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on March 26, 2006. With a total of 10.09 million viewers, the episode finished 38th in the ratings for the week of March 20–26, 2006. It was the seventh highest-rated broadcast on the Fox network that week. During the episode's first airing in the United Kingdom on April 23, 2006, it was watched by 2.18 million people. At the time, this made it the second most-watched broadcast in the history of Sky1, after a Friends episode from 2000 that drew 2.8 million viewers. The large number of viewers of "Homer Simpson, This Is Your Wife" was the result of Gervais' involvement—new episodes of the show were usually seen by approximately one million people on Sky1 at the time.
Instead of the usual animated opening sequence that is played in front of The Simpsons episodes, this episode began with a live-action opening sequence. The sequence, which mirrors the normal opening but with real-life actors and locations, was originally created by British Sky Broadcasting for Sky1's promotion of The Simpsons. The live-action opening had already become an Internet hit before it was aired in front of "Homer Simpson, This Is Your Wife", and it was Groening's decision to use it. Jean commented in a press statement that they were "just amazed there are people who want to be known for looking like the Simpsons."
Critical reception
Gervais has been praised by critics for their performance in the episode. In a 2012 article, Mike Bruno of Entertainment Weekly named Gervais one of the 21 best The Simpsons guest stars, and in 2007 Simon Crerar of The Times listed the performance as one of the funniest cameos in the history of the show. Gervais' character Charles was cited by The Guardians Johnny Dee as one of the most memorable characters from The Simpsons. The episode, on the other hand, has received mixed response. Larissa Dubecki of The Age gave it a negative review, commenting that "this cross-pollination of stellar US and British comedies [The Simpsons and The Office] gives rise to great expectations but there's a massive letdown in store for anyone hoping for something approaching even the middling efforts of the two comedic benchmarks." They added that "this effort proves that The Office and The Simpsons are the comedic equivalent of oil and water, with the former's wry observational style sitting oddly with the latter's pop-culture pie-eating competition."
Dee was more positive, writing that they "enjoyed it very much" and that "there were some lovely gags." They noted, however, that they felt it took slightly too much time to set up the episode, though after the wife swap, "it marched along." The Times critic Dominic Maxwell thought the "languid timing that Gervais brings to Extras and The Office was wrong here. Simpsons cameos are normally lean, but Gervais's shtick ran rampant through the second half, turning the regulars into extras." Maxwell did find the episode fairly entertaining though, stating that "it was a decent late-period Simpsons episode" and that it featured "some fine jokes." They concluded that "even a middling Simpsons episode is still bright and tight and brilliantly rendered. So even if this one didn't really work, it was still a lot more fun than a lot of [other things on television] that do."
References
External links
Storyboard images of the episode at Gervais' official website
2006 American television episodes
The Simpsons (season 17) episodes
Television episodes with live action and animation
Ricky Gervais
Hub is an unincorporated community in Kings and Fresno Counties, California. It is located near the former right-of-way of the Southern Pacific Railroad north-northwest of Lemoore at the intersection of California State Route 41 and Excelsior Avenue, at an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Kings County, California
Unincorporated communities in Fresno County, California
Allan Water is a river in the James Bay drainage basin in Unorganized Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.
Course
The river begins at the community of Allanwater Bridge at the confluence of the two branches of the Brightsand River: the western branch arriving as the outlet from Kawaweogama Lake and the eastern branch arriving as the outlet from McEwan Lake. The Canadian National Railway Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line over a bridge at the point of confluence, and is the location of Allanwater Bridge railway station, served by Via Rail transcontinental Canadian trains.
The river flows north and splits into two channels, then recombines, takes in the right tributary Nemo River and reaches Brennan Lake. The river leaves the lake east over Brennan Falls to Granite Lake, and then leaves that lake north over Granite Falls. It continues north over Black Beaver Rapids, Little Sturgeon Rapids and Sturgeon Rapids to reach its mouth at Wabakimi Lake on the Ogoki River. The Ogoki flows via the Albany River to James Bay.
With the exception of a short stretch at the start, the river lies within Wabakimi Provincial Park.
Tributaries
Nemo River (right)
Labelle Creek (right)
Foam Creek (left)
See also
List of rivers of Ontario
References
Rivers of Thunder Bay District
Twice as Tall is the fifth studio album by Nigerian singer Burna Boy. It was released on August 14, 2020, by Spaceship Entertainment, Bad Habit, Atlantic Records and Warner Music. Recording sessions took place in 2020, with Burna Boy, American singer and songwriter Diddy and Mama Burna Bose Ogulu serving as the record's executive producers. The album is a mixture of Afrobeats, Afrobeat, dancehall, pop and hip hop. It was produced primarily by Telz, along with production from Rexxie, Timbaland and DJDS, among others. The album features guest appearances from Youssou N'Dour, Naughty by Nature, Sauti Sol, Chris Martin and Stormzy. Its lead single is "Wonderful", released on June 26, 2020.
At the 63rd ceremony of the Grammy Awards, Twice as Tall won Best Global Music Album.
Background and recording
Burna Boy recorded songs for Twice as Tall mainly in [Ahoada], Nigeria over few months of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. Due to the pandemic, Burna Boy and their co-executive producer Diddy worked together through virtual file transfers and Zoom calls. The latter providing voice-over intros for a few of the songs and musical input. Burna Boy told The New York Times, "I've never picked up a pen and paper and written down a song in my life. It all just comes, like someone is standing there and telling me what to say. It's all according to the spirits. Some of us are put on this earth to do what we do". They said that through the album, they are building a bridge that leads every black person in the world to come together. Burna Boy said in a press release that the album is about a period of time in their life, "It's the album about the struggle for freedom. It's the album about life in general, real life, good times, bad times, happy times, sad times, great times". The album was produced primarily by Telz, along with production from Rexxie, Timbaland and DJDS, among others. It features guest appearances from Youssou N'Dour, Naughty by Nature, Sauti Sol, Chris Martin and Stormzy.
The album release was accompanied by a comic book The Secret Flame, narrated by Burna Boy's grandfather, Benson Idonije, who managed Afrobeat music pioneer Fela Kuti. The animated comic, follows Burna Boy through a spiritual journey of discovering oneself while highlighting the very moments that brought them to where they are standing tall today. Burna Boy released the album artwork on Instagram, depicting them in cartoon form as a titan, striding over modern roads and ancient monuments. They said that the art did justice to exactly what they intended to portray, noting that it reflects their journey through different energies and emotions while recording the album.
Composition
Twice as Tall is an Afrobeats, Afrobeat, dancehall, pop and hip hop album. The album opens with Youssou N'Dour-assisted "Level Up", where Burna Boy revisited their wild recent rise, celebrating their achievements and noted they are not getting so satisfied. Vulture.com writer Justin Curto praised the song, noting that it's better than a victory lap. "Alarm Clock" beat is a contemporary Afro-pop sound in outlook and is heavily influenced by Fela's Afrobeat era in delivery. It features a spoken intro from the executive producer Diddy. On "Way Too Big", Burna Boy is found in a self-confident form, relaying their intention to avoid bad company as subtle violin runs cushion their vocals. On "Bebo" produced by Rexxie, Burna Boy discussed their unwillingness to pretend.
"Wonderful" was produced by Telz and sees Burna Boy expressing excitement for their people and the globalization of their unique sound. It was recorded in Nigerian pidgin and Yoruba. In a review for Pitchfork, Mankaprr Conteh praised the song's production and said "the singer revels in the alchemy of rhythm and hustle. He's mystified by what beats and drums can conjure, the way they spread joy and spark motion from your toes to your scalp". "Onyeka" produced by Telz, is a happy and triumphant tune. In the Naughty by Nature-assisted track "Naughty by Nature", Burna Boy talked about the journey to where they are now, admitting their dislike for politics. "Comma" has a danceable beat. The LeriQ-produced track "No Fit Vex" sees Burna Boy dishing out positive twists, saying they are now a man who is less interested in their petulant side. "23", features a piano-assisted instrumental. Burna Boy sees themselves similar to Basketball legend Michael Jordan. "Time Flies" interpolates Marc Anthony's "I Need You". It features vocals from Sauti Sol with a spoken outro from Burna Boy's mother Bose Ogulu.
The politically charged Reggae-Fusion track "Monsters you Made" explores the historical injustices on an oppressed race that's convinced enough should be enough, addressing African and African-American experiences with prejudice, touching on subjects like slavery and miseducation. The song is full of pain, anger and plenty of defiances, featuring vocals from Chris Martin with a spoken outro from Ghanaian author and poet Ama Ata Aidoo. In "Wetin Dey Sup", Burna Boy speaks against gun violence and police brutality. The Stormzy-assisted track "Real Life" contains a sample of T-Pain's "I'm Sprung" and sees Stormzy crooning in true R&B style, with the aid of a vocoder. In "Bank On It", Burna Boy asks for forgiveness if they fumble and for protection from their enemies.  They are aided by their belief in a supreme being and deferred to faith in the face of a potential detraction. The song climaxed with a choir harmonizing the main hook.
Promotion
On February 21, 2020, Burna Boy announced they would embark on the Twice as Tall World tour beginning on May 7, 2020 in Atlanta, Georgia and ending on August 30, 2020 in Oberhausen, Germany. The tour ended up not happening due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Singles
"Wonderful" was released as the album's lead single on June 26, 2020. The accompanying music video was released on June 30, 2020 and was directed by Director K; it depicts old African ways. In it, Burna Boy is seen lying asleep on a palm frond, somewhere in the land of warriors, kings and queens, they are then woken from their drowse by a gorilla and ambushed by some warriors dressed in traditional attire, before turning into a celebration where both the warriors and the singer began dancing. Burna Boy is dressed as a warrior and hailed a champion. Upon the release of the song, Burna Boy said "This song is about the wonders of seeing the impact of my music on people's lives as they shared their joy, pain and pleasure with me while I toured the world".
"Monsters You Made" was released as the album's second single on August 28, 2020. The accompanying music video, shows the theme of how systematic racism and inequality leads to trauma and violence.
"Real Life" was released as the album's third single on October 2, 2020. The accompanying music video, which was released on the same day, was directed by Meji Aladi and featured British rapper Stormzy. The video depicts the realities of crime.
Reception
Twice as Tall received generally favorable reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 79 based on 6 reviews. Pitchforks Mankaprr Conteh granted the album 8.0 out of 10 rating, describing it as massive and noting that "society could use a hero, a godsend". Motolani Alake of Pulse Nigeria assigned a rating of 8.7 out of 10, praising the singer's work ethic and stating that the album is amazing. Alake said the album is a "commendable and exceptional third straight album from the singer", while noting that "everything that made African Giant great is on Twice as Tall". Nicolas-Tyrell Scott of NME rated the album three stars out of five, characterizing it "as a satisfying sequel". They further said: "It's admirable to see them balance their signature sound with hints of exploration in collaborations such as "Monsters You Made", all while remaining true to their mother tongue". Writing for Meaww, Jenifer Gonsalves said the album is "a solid album from Burna Boy, one that establishes them as an artiste capable of blending sounds, styles and cultures to create music that encompasses a better world".
Lloyd Bradley of The Guardian awarded the album four stars out of five, noting that "the album positions African music in the 21st century by using contemporary sounds for traditional melodies and rhythms". The Daily Telegraphs Pritchard Will gave the album four stars out of five, saying "if Twice as Tall is the singer's bid for global superstardom, then the music is polished to befit their aims". In a review for Mail & Guardian, Kwanele Sosibo stated that "there's lots of sheen and polish on the album, with each song, it seems, staking its own fresh claim on the sonic palette that constitutes Afrobeats". Kunle Adesokan of Naijagig awarded the album a rating of 4.5 out of 5, noting that "if anything, Burna Boy has grown twice as tall from the man and artiste that recorded the African Giant album. Kunle added: "by using contemporary sounds for traditional melodies and drawing on various musical styles while staying true to African sounds, Burna Boy defines what modern African music should be."
Accolades
Track listing
Sample credits
"Real Life" contains a sample of "I'm Sprung", performed by T-Pain.
"Time Flies" contains an interpolation of "I Need You", performed by Marc Anthony.
Personnel
Vocalists
Burna Boy – primary artist
Youssou N'Dour – featured artist
Naughty by Nature – featured artist
Sauti Sol – featured artist
Chris Martin – featured artist
Stormzy – featured artist
Production
Telz – production , co-production
Rexxie – production
Diddy – co-production
LeriQ – production , co-production
Timbaland – co-production
Mario Winans – co-production
Skread – production
JAE5 – production
Matt Testa – co-production
DJDS – co-production
Matthew Baus – co-production
P2J – co-production
Mike Dean – co-production
Sauti Sol – co-production
Andre Harris – co-production
Hassan Jokolo – co-production
Charts
Release history
References
2020 albums
Grammy Award for Best World Music Album
Burna Boy albums
Yoruba-language albums
Igbo-language albums
The Braswell-Carnes House is a historic house in Marietta, Georgia, U.S.. It was built shortly after the American Civil War for a Confederate veteran. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The house was built in 1865-1866 for Ephraim Braswell and their wife, née Martha Ann Eugenia Wallis. The land was given to the couple as a wedding gift by the bride's father, Josiah Wallis, in 1861. However, the construction of the house was delayed by the American Civil War of 1861–1865. Braswell served in the Confederate States Army (CSA) during the war, and returned to civilian life in 1865.
The house was purchased by James Davis Carnes, a farmer, in 1893. It still belonged to their descendants in the 1980s.
Architectural significance
The house was designed in the Georgian architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since March 1, 1984.
References
Houses in Cobb County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Cobb County, Georgia
Georgian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses completed in 1866
This article lists the tallest buildings in the coastal city of Sunny Isles Beach, Florida, located in the northeast corner of Miami-Dade County. The ranking primarily relies on data from The Skyscraper Center, the public online database of skyscrapers by the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat. Supplementary data may be provided by Emporis, SkyscraperPage, or other third party news entities. Sunny Isles Beach had very few skyscrapers until the 2000s, when many were constructed on the east side of Collins Avenue, on the beach adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean. This strip historically consisted of a row of low rise hotels known as "Motel Row", mostly developed midcentury in the MiMo architectural style. Even among high-rises, the oldest such structures in the city only date to the 1960s. The wall of skyscrapers spans nearly the entire length of the city longitudinally, from the three Trump Towers located near the border of Haulover Park to the south to Regalia located adjacent to the border of Golden Beach to the north, which has strict single family residential zoning. All the skyscrapers in Sunny Isles Beach are residential and all of them are primarily concrete structurally. In general, the tallest height limit imposed by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in Sunny Isles Beach is Above Mean Sea Level (AMSL), due to the proximity of Miami-Opa Locka Executive Airport to the west. Several proposed towers may rise to exactly this height, though the FAA reviews each building individually.
Tallest buildings
All skyscrapers in the city are located on the east side of Collins Avenue. Height given may be height above sea level (AMSL), which adds about .
Complete
List includes known buildings over , measured from the lowest pedestrian entrance to the architectural top, including spires but not radio masts and antennae. The year indicates the year the building was completed. An equals sign (=) indicates multiple buildings that share the same height. Floor counts rely on reported numbers and may not account for skipped floors such as the thirteenth floor.
Under construction
Includes buildings between the foundation work and topped-out phases. Topped-out buildings may be included in the main list.
Proposed
Gallery
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Miami
List of the tallest buildings in Florida
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Sunny Isles
Tallest in Sunny Isles Beach
Buildings and structures in Miami-Dade County, Florida
Hamidullah Karimi (born February 6, 1992) is an Afghan footballer who currently plays as a forward for Indian club Delhi United S.C. They have been capped for the Afghanistan national football team.
Club career
Karimi joined Toofan Harirod F.C. in 2012. In the 2012 Afghan Premier League scored 9 goals in 5 games and was the league's top scorer and helped Toofan Harirod F.C. win the inaugural Afghan Premier League. In the 2013 Afghan Premier League Karimi could not lead Toofan Harirod F.C. to win another Afghan Premier League title as they were eliminated by Shaheen Asmayee F.C. in the semi finals. In Toofan Harirod F.C.'s final game of the season against Oqaban Hindukush F.C. they scored 2 goals to help their team win third place of the 2013 Afghan Premier League. They later went on to play for Meghe United in India, Sorkhposhan Herat and Delhi United.
International career
Karimi was called up for Afghanistan's squad in the 2014 AFC Challenge Cup Qualifiers but did not play in a single game. In the 2013 SAFF Championship, they were subbed in for Belal Arezou versus the Maldives and had one chance that was saved after receiving a pass from Toofan Harirod teammate Maroof Mohammadi.
International goals
Honours
Toofan Harirod F.C.
2012 Afghan Premier League
Afghanistan
2013 SAFF Championship
Individual
2012 Afghan Premier League Golden Boot
2013 Afghan Premier League Golden Boot
References
Living people
Afghan footballers
1992 births
Sportspeople from Herat
Association football forwards
Afghanistan international footballers
Mahanadi Institute of Medical Science and Research is a tertiary Government medical college in Talcher, Odisha, East India, and is accredited by the Medical Council of India. The college awards the degree Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS). The college was established by Coal India limited.
History
Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (MCL), the public sector undertaking and subsidiary of Coal India Limited reiterated its commitment to set up a medical college and hospital in the state, and signed a MoU with National Building Corporation of India (NBCC) for medical college.
On 2022 Government of Odisha agrees to run the Medical college, while MCL will provide funds for operation.
Courses offered
The college offers the degree Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS). Selection to the college is done on the basis of merit through the National Eligibility and Entrance Test. Yearly undergraduate student intake is 100 and the college has 500 beds.
References
Medical colleges in Odisha
Universities and colleges in Odisha
Educational institutions established in 2020
2020 establishments in Odisha
Souad Bellakehal (born March 23, 1992) is a judoka who competes internationally for Algeria.
Achievement
Bellakehal won a silver medal at the 2015 All African Games in Brazzaville and another silver medal at the African Championships in 2014. They have 5 silver medals and 2 bronze medals.
References
Algerian female judoka
1992 births
Living people
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Algeria
20th-century Algerian women
21st-century Algerian women
Ciboulette is a French opérette in three acts, music by Reynaldo Hahn, libretto by Robert de Flers and Francis de Croisset, first performed at the Théâtre des Variétés, in Paris, on 7 April 1923. One of the most elegant and refined compositions of Hahn, it is considered one of the last masterpieces of French operetta.
Principal roles
Synopsis
The action takes place in Paris, in 1867.
Duparquet is the controller of Les Halles, and plays matchmaker between the young farm-girl Ciboulette and Antonin, a young spoiled aristocrat. After many adventures, the lovers are united.
Discography
Ciboulette (abridged) - Géori Boué, Roger Bourdin, Raymond Amadé - Orchestre de la Société des Concerts du Conservatoire, Marcel Cariven - Pathé (1952).
Ciboulette (abridged) - Andrée Grandjean, Willy Clément, Michel Hamel, Françoise Ogéas - Chorus and Orchestra of the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées, Paul Bonneau - Ducretet-Thomson (1955).
Ciboulette - Mady Mesplé, José van Dam, Nicolai Gedda, Colette Alliot-Lugaz - Ensemble Choral Jean Laforge, Orchestre Philarmonique de Monte-Carlo, Cyril Diederich - EMI (1983).
Adaptations
French director Claude Autant-Lara made the operetta into the film Ciboulette in 1933.
Sources
Le guide de l'opéra, R. Mancini & J.J. Rouvereux, (Fayard, 1986)
External links
Ciboulette
Operas by Reynaldo Hahn
French-language operas
Opérettes
1923 operas
Operas
Operas set in France
Urania is a genus of moths in the family Uraniidae.
The genus name Urania is New Latin from Latin Urania from Ancient Greek Ουρανία, one of the Muses, literally 'The Heavenly One'.
Distribution
The genus includes relatively large day-flying moths that are found in the Central American and South American regions.
Species
Urania boisduvalii Guérin-Meneville, 1829 – (Cuba)
Urania brasiliensis Swainson, 1833 – (Brazil)
Urania leilus Linnaeus, 1758 – green-banded urania (tropical South America east of the Andes)
Urania fulgens Walker, 1854 – urania swallowtail moth (Mexico, through Central America to northwestern South America)
Urania poeyi Herrich-Schäffer, 1866 – (eastern Cuba)
Urania sloanus Cramer, 1779 – Sloane's urania (Jamaica; extinct 1894)
References
External links
Uraniidae
Moth genera
Koçumlar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 249 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Dolnja Bistrica (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
References
External links
Dolnja Bistrica on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Črenšovci
Yumrukaya is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 745 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Forks Mountain may refer to the following mountains:
Forks Mountain (Essex County, New York)
Forks Mountain (Lake Pleasant, New York), in Hamilton County, New York
Forks Mountain (Wells, New York), in Hamilton County, New York
Frank Ronstadt (born 21 July 1997) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder or right-back for 2. Bundesliga club Darmstadt 98.
Career
In May 2021 it was announced that Ronstadt would be joining 2. Bundesliga club SV Darmstadt 98 from Würzburger Kickers, who had been relegated from the league, for the forthcoming 2021–22 season.
References
Living people
1997 births
Association football midfielders
Association football fullbacks
German footballers
FC St. Pauli players
Hamburger SV II players
Hamburger SV players
SV Werder Bremen II players
Würzburger Kickers players
SV Darmstadt 98 players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Footballers from Hamburg
Olive Bend Little [Ollie] (May 17, 1917 − February 2, 1987) was a female pitcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League between the and seasons. Listed at 5' 3", 135 lb., Little batted and threw right-handed. They were born in Poplar Point, Manitoba, Canada.
Little was renowned for their strong fastball and for pitching four no-hitter games.
As a founding member, Little entered the AAGPBL with the Rockford Peaches in 1943. They won 21 games and pitched the league's first no hitter on June 10 of that year in a nine inning game, even though they were tagged for two runs on that game. They also made the Star team with 151 strikeouts to their credit. Little was out in 1944 to have a baby, but returned in 1945 to win 22 games. They went 14−17 in 1946, their last season.
In a three-season career, Little posted a 57−43 record with 381 strikeouts and a 2.23 ERA in 112 pitching appearances.
Little gained induction into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum in 1985. They died at the age of 69.
Since 1998, the Olive Little Memorial Award is presented to The Manitoba Softball Association's Top Senior Female Player.
Sources
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League Record Book – W. C. Madden. Publisher: McFarland & Company, 2000. Format: Paperback, 294pp. Language: English. .
Women of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League: A Biographical Dictionary - W. C. Madden. Publisher: McFarland & Company, 2005. Format: Paperback, 295 pp. Language: English. . *Biographical Dictionary of American Sports. Vol. 3: Baseball, Q-Z - David L. Porter. Publisher: Greenwood Pub Group, 1987. Language: English. .
Olive Little Memorial Award
External links
1943 Rockford Peaches
BR Bullpen
Olive Little's biography at Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum
Famous Canadians
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League players
Canadian baseball players
Place of death unknown
1917 births
1987 deaths
Baseball people from Manitoba
20th-century American women
Canadian expatriate baseball players in the United States
Taħt Tliet Saltniet () is a novel in Maltese by Ġużè Aquilina, published for the first time in 1938, then published again in 1945, 1969, 1978, 1997 and in 2003.
With Aquilina's novel Taħt Tliet Saltnet, they wrote using the orthographic system designed by the Akkademja tal-Malti (at the time it was known as l-Għaqda tal-Kittieba tal-Malti (Maltese Authors Society)) and chose to write in the Semitic form rather in romance form to build this characteristic that Maltese is a European language. Apart from this linguistic mission, Aquilina also had an ideological term.
In the mixture of History and inventions of historic literature novel, they made conditions and aspects from human life to build to the reader opinions in favour of Maltese history.
The story
The era that happened the events of the novel Taħt Tliet Saltniet was years of revolution. In America, the fight for freedom broke the chains of servilism. In France, one of the most bloody revolutions was finished and throughout all of Europe, the shout for justice and equality had been heard across one kingdom after another. In Malta of the Knights of St John period, this shout was also heard.
This novel of Professor Aquilina is written on this idea. Alessandru Habela, the son of baroness Isabella, fell in love with Pawlina, an 18-year-old youth, the daughter of the farmer Pawlu ta' Menzju. Once on the way, Alessandru saw Pina, a poor lady that was going to die. Without thinking twice, they entered their mother's house and was going to take care of her, but they died after few days. For their mother and for the other nobel persons like them this act was one of the greatest scandals. Isabella shouted very much about this act, and sent their son Alessandru out of the house and took off their nobility title. Alessandru then began to live like the child, of a farmer that cultivates fields, from the things that they grew in the fields, providing food for others.
References
Maltese literature
Maltese-language literature
Telegraph Building was a historic commercial building located at Harrisburg, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1909–1910, and was a building in the Italianate style designed by prominent Harrisburg architect Charles Howard Lloyd. Reminiscent of the Chicago school era of early skyscrapers, Lloyd drew large influence from architect Daniel H. Burnham.
Structurally, the building consisted of a front and back section: the front section was a seven-story steel frame with light brick walls and concrete floors (covered with hardwood) for offices, whereas the rear section was a darker, red-brick five-story structure with wood-panel floors and latticed steel columns. The front section's interior included a central terrazo-floored hall, which ended at the north wall separating the sections, where the elevators, stairwell, and public restrooms were located. The rear section provided large open spaces with wooden trusses supporting the roof, and access to a freight elevator.
The building formally opened to a public open house on April 28, 1910, with a 5-foot, 500 pound Seth Thomas Clock featured on the cornice and illuminated "Harrisburg Telegraph" letters on the roof, and public amazement of the central vacuuming system, a contemporary innovation.
On the site previously stood the former Shakespeare Hall, which was erected in 1822 by John Wyeth and was used by the Harrisburg Telegraph, a Republican evening newspaper. By 1909, rising circulation required a new building to be constructed. The Harrisburg Telegraph would occupy the new building from its opening until 1948, when it was sold to The Patriot-News. Charles Howard Lloyd would also use the building as the site for their offices.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, but was razed 5 months later for a parking lot. Finally it was delisted in 1983. It was also included in the Old Downtown Harrisburg Commercial Historic District.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Italianate architecture in Pennsylvania
Commercial buildings completed in 1910
Buildings and structures in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
Former National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
The Protection of Young Persons Act (German: Jugendschutzgesetz or JuSchG) is a federal law in Germany to enforce youth protection in public spaces and regulate media consumption by minors. The act does not apply to minors who are married.
History
General history
On 4 December 1951 the "Law for the Protection of Minors in Public" (Gesetz zum Schutze der Jugend in der Öffentlichkeit (JÖSchG)) was enacted and came into force on 6 January 1952 in West Germany. The law was revised and re-enacted multiple times until in 2003 the law as well as the former "Gesetz über die Verbreitung jugendgefährdender Schriften und Medieninhalte (GjSM)" were merged into the newly legislated "Jugendschutzgesetz (JuschG)" which came into force along with the "Jugendmedienschutz-Staatsvertrag" in the federal states of Germany.
A forerunner of the law was the "Lichtspielgesetz" from 1920, which restricted the publication of movies in cinemas without former approval and review by a central commission. During the Nazi regime in Nazi Germany, the highly controversial "Polizeiverordnung zum Schutze der Jugend" (Police Ordinance for the Protection of the Youth) came into force, which introduced punishments for the minor as well as the responsible adult failing to follow the regulation of the law. (RGBl. I S. 349). This law was in effect until the newly formed Federal Republic of Germany enacted the new "Law for the Protection of Minors in Public" in 1951.
Recent changes
Amendment 1 September 2007: by passing the "Gesetz zum Schutz vor den Gefahren des Passivrauchens" (Act for the prevention of danger by passive smoking) on 20 July 2007 § 28 Sec. 1 Nr. 12 and § 10 Sec. 1 JuSchG where amended. From now on the sale, distribution and supply of tobacco products is prohibited to all children and young people under the age of 18 years. Prior to the amendment the minimum age to purchase, possess and to be permitted to smoke in public was 16 years of age. The operators of cigarette vending machines had time until 1 January 2009 to adjust (by adding an ID/Debitcard scanner to check the buyers age) or remove their machines to ensure that cigarettes and tobacco products could not be bought by minors.
Amendement 1 July 2008: coming into force on 1 July 2008, a "Killerspiele" (killer games) ban was introduced meaning that from now on media that display "besonders realistische, grausame und reißerische Darstellungen selbstzweckbehafteter Gewalt beinhalten, die das Geschehen beherrschen" (especially realistic, gruesome and luridly depictions of self-inflicted violence which dominates the occurrence) are automatically considered as heavily harmful for minors which results in a general ban to advertise the video game, movie or other form of media and sales are solely restricted to under-the-counter sales for adults. Additionally, the "BPjM" was given power to put games, movies or other type of media onto the index if they:
display self-inflicted murder or slaughter scenes or
display frontier justice as the only way to enforce the alleged justice
Amendment 1 January 2009: the restrictions for cigarette vending machines (see above) come into force.
Amendment 3 March 2016: by passing the "Gesetz zum Schutz von Kindern und Jugendlichen vor den Gefahren des Konsums von elektronischen Zigaretten und elektronischen Shishas" (Act for the prevention of children and young people from the dangers of consuming electronic cigarettes and electronic hookahs) § 10 JuSchG was changed resulting in a ban of sales of e-cigarettes, e-hookahs as well as their cartridges (with and without nicotine) to children and young people under the age of 18 years. This amendment came into force on 1 April 2016.
Summary
The Protection of Young Persons Act regulates:
how long a minor may stay at specific public spaces such as
bars and restaurants
clubs/discotheques
public spaces, events or establishments which are considered harmful for the youth
gambling establishments
the minimum age to sell to and permit minors to consume alcohol in public.
the minimum age to sell to and permit minors to consume tobacco products and electronic cigarettes in public.
the age restrictions for games and movies which have to be enforced by cinemas, public/private broadcasters and stores selling movies and video games.
responsibility of the Freiwillige Selbstkontrolle der Filmwirtschaft (FSK) and the Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle (USK) to issue age ratings for movies and video games.
responsibility of the Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Medien (Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons) to index games, movies or other type of media and restrict sale and distribution. Also to enforce a general advertising ban for media which are considered liable to have an undesirable influence on the moral development of young people, especially media depicting glorification of war, displaying human beings in a way that violates their dignity as well as depiction of children or juveniles in an erotic or sexual manner.
Table summary
1 Unaccompanied children <16 years only permitted in a restaurant or licensed premises during the time of 5 a.m until 11 p.m. to consume a meal or a have a non alcoholic beverage.
2 No restrictions if accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
3 The consumption of beer, wine, wine-like beverages or sparkling wine or mixtures of beer, wine, wine-like beverages or sparkling wine and soft drinks in public is generally permitted for minors aged 16 years or older. However, if the minor is accompanied by their parent or legal guardian the age limit to consume such beverages drops down to 14 years.
4 If specific age-limit for movies/games/arcades are followed.
Enforcement
Contrary to the former "Polizeiverordnung zum Schutze der Jugend", the "Jugendschutzgesetz" does not penalize children and young people but rather the responsible adult failing to enforce the provisions of the law. All licensed premises and operators of events have to place a clearly-legible copy of the act at the premises or place of event.
Making media which is indexed for being considered "harmful to young persons" accessible to minors as well as violating further provisions which are set out in § 15, 21 and 28 JuSchG can be prosecuted by imprisonment up to one year or a fine.
Violations in context of protection of young persons in the public are considered a misdemeanor/regulatory offence, which can be fined up to €50,000.
Gambling in casinos
Gambling in a licensed casino (Spielbank) is additionally to the general prohibition for minors to participate in gambling by the Protection of Young Persons Act, prohibited by state law in all German states. The age limit varies with 14 out of 16 states requiring a minimum age of 18 years to participate in gambling and enter a licensed casino. However Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg are the only two states that require a minimum age of 21 years.
Aspects which are not covered by the law
The age restrictions for the sale and furnishment of fireworks and other pyrotechnical items is not covered by the Protection of Young Persons Act but rather by the Verordnung zum Sprengstoffgesetz (Ordinance for the Explosives Act).
Contrary to popular belief, the Protection of Young Persons Act does not include a general curfew but rather restricts minors from entering or mainting at certain establishments or location which are open to the public (such as bars, discotheques, brothels and nightclubs). How long a minor is permitted to stay in public (besides mentioned establishments) is generally upon the parents' decision.
Even though all sales of tobacco products are prohibited to minors, since 1 September 2007, the sale of smoking accessories such as bongs, hookahs, cigarette papers, lighters, pipes or herb grinders is not regulated, and thus sale is permitted to minors. However, in Bavaria, the sale of lighters is prohibited to children under the age of 12 years. Additionally, many retailers such as Rewe or Edeka have their own guidelines that restrict the sale of smoking accessories to children under 16 or 18 years of age.
Literature
Manfred Günther: Child and Youth Welfare Law in Germany. An overview for educators, psychologists, paediatricians and politicians, Springer Nature Wiesbaden 2022. ISBN 978-3-658-38289-6; E-book 978-3-658-3829-2
Notes
Law of Germany
"Ffun" is a hit song written by Michael Cooper, produced by Skip Scarborough, and performed by R&B/funk band Con Funk Shun.
Background
Released from their Secrets album, it spent 2 weeks at number one on the R&B singles chart the first two weeks in January 1978. It also crossed over to the pop charts, peaking at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Chart performance
References
1977 songs
1977 singles
Con Funk Shun songs
Mercury Records singles
Ruotolo Peak () is a peak, 2,490 m, surmounting the north side of Griffith Glacier, close west of the California Plateau and Watson Escarpment. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Commander Anthony P. Ruotolo, aircraft pilot with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 on Operation Deep Freeze 1966 and 1967.
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Cameraria diabloensis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 3.3-4.3 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus chrysolepis var. nana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is ovoid to quadrate. The epidermis is opaque yellow tan. All mines cross the midrib and consume 60%-95% of the leaf surface. The mines are solitary and normally have two parallel folds, occasionally one or three.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the type-locality (Mount Diablo) and the Latin suffix -ensis (denoting place, locality).
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1981
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 14 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November, 1988.
Summary
The book collects thirteen novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1987 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by the editor.
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Night's Daughter, Day's Desire" (Tanith Lee)
"The Little Magic Shop" (Bruce Sterling)
"Transients" (Darrell Schweitzer)
"The Snow Apples" (Gwyneth Jones)
"The Glassblower's Dragon" (Lucius Shepard)
"The Apotheosis of Isaac Rosen" (Jack M. Dann and Jeanne Van Buren Dann)
"Buffalo Gals, Won't You Come Out Tonight" (Ursula K. Le Guin)
"Waiting for a Bus" (John Whitbourn)
"Happy Hour" (J. N. Williamson)
"Ever After" (Susan Palwick)
"A Little of What You Fancy" (Mary Catherine McDaniel)
"Inky" (Jayge Carr)
"Maxie Silas" (Augustine Funnell)
Notes
1988 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
DAW Books books
James E. Allen may refer to:
James E. Allen Jr. (1911–1971), Commissioner of Education of the State of New York
James E. Allen (artist) (1894–1964), American illustrator, printmaker, and painter
Paulie Gilmore (James E. Allen), American professional wrestler and promoter
Isaac Richard Kai Pearce (born 27 October 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays for Weston-super-Mare, as a striker.
Career
Pearce was born in Bristol. After spending time with Bristol Rovers, Fulham, Bath City and Larkhall Athletic, Pearce signed for Forest Green Rovers in June 2018. They made their professional debut on 28 August 2018, in the EFL Cup, and they scored their first professional goal in a 4-0 EFL Trophy win over Cheltenham Town on 4 September 2018. In December 2018 they moved on loan to Gloucester City for one month. They returned to Forrest on 11 January 2019. They were released by Forest Green Rovers at the end of the 2018–19 season.
On 25 June 2019, Pearce signed for Southern Football League club Weston-super-Mare.
References
1998 births
Living people
English footballers
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Bath City F.C. players
Larkhall Athletic F.C. players
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
Gloucester City A.F.C. players
Weston-super-Mare A.F.C. players
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Footballers from Bristol
Buthus is a genus of scorpion belonging and being eponymous to the family Buthidae. It is distributed widely across northern Africa, including Morocco, Mauritania, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Nigeria, Sudan, Somalia, Ethiopia, Djibouti, as well as the Middle East, including Israel, Palestine, Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq, Yemen, and possibly Saudi Arabia and southern Turkey. Its European range includes the Iberian Peninsula, southern France, and Cyprus.
Taxonomy
The genus was introduced by W.E. Leach (1815: 391). It was only the second genus of scorpion as all species known to this date were included in the sole genus Scorpio Linné, 1758. Leach found Scorpio occitanus Amoreux, 1789 to differ from the other species of Scorpio known to them by having eight eyes (two median eyes and six lateral eyes) instead of six (two median eyes and four lateral eyes). C.L. Koch (1837) expanded this concept and subdivided the scorpions in four families according to the number of their eyes. They named their second family, the "eight-eyed scorpions", Buthides. The use of the number of eyes in the classification of scorpions has been discarded since, however the name Buthidae is still in use for the most diverse family of scorpions.
Diversity
The content of this genus may vary, depending on the authority. The best known species, B. occitanus, was once thought to be widespread from southern France, throughout Spain and Morocco, along the southern coast of the Mediterranean Sea, and eastwards as far as Israel. However, recent research has shown that it forms a highly diverse cluster of closely related but separate species. A number of taxa formerly considered as subspecies or "varieties" have been granted full species status, others have been described as entirely new. The Moroccan Atlas region is a hot-spot of diversity with at least 14 species. This diversity is explained by the topography which led to a high degree of speciation in populations which are separated from others by mountain ranges. Four species are considered to occur in Europe: B. occitanus (southern France, eastern and southern Spain), B. montanus (mountain ranges of southeastern Spain), B. ibericus (western Spain and Portugal), and B. kunti (Cyprus). At least 75 species are known, many of which are quite similar in appearance:
Buthus adrianae Rossi, 2013
Buthus ahaggar Ythier, Sadine, Haddadi & Lourenco, 2021
Buthus ajax (C. L. Koch, 1839)
Buthus alacanti Teruel & Turiel, 2020
Buthus albengai Lourenço, 2003
Buthus amri Lourenço, Yağmur & Duhem, 2010
Buthus apiatus Lourenço, El Bouhissi & Sadine, 2020
Buthus atlantis Pocock, 1889
Buthus aures Lourenço & Sadine, 2016
Buthus awashensis Kovařík, 2011
Buthus baeticus Teruel & Turiel, 2020
Buthus barcaeus Birula, 1909
Buthus berberensis Pocock, 1900
Buthus bobo Ythier, 2021
Buthus bonito Lourenço & Geniez, 2005
Buthus boumalenii Touloun & Boumezzough, 2011
Buthus boussaadi Lourenço, Chichi & Sadine, 2018
Buthus brignolii Lourenço, 2003
Buthus centroafricanus Lourenço, 2016
Buthus chambiensis Kovařík, 2006
Buthus confluens Lourenço, Touloun & Boumezzough, 2012
Buthus danyii Rossi, 2017
Buthus delafuentei Teruel & Turiel, 2020
Buthus draa Lourenço & Slimani, 2004
Buthus dunlopi Kovařík, 2006
Buthus duprei Rossi & Tropea, 2016
Buthus egyptiensis Lourenço, 2012
Buthus elhennawyi Lourenço, 2005
Buthus elizabethae Lourenço, 2005
Buthus elmoutakoualiki Lourenço & Qi, 2006
Buthus elongatus Rossi, 2012
Buthus gabani Ythier, 2021
Buthus garcialorcai Teruel & Turiel, 2020
Buthus goyffoni Abidi, Sadine & Lourenco, 2021
Buthus halius (C. L. Koch, 1839)
Buthus hassanini Lourenço, Duhem & Cloudsley-Thompson, 2012
Buthus ibericus Lourenço & Vachon, 2004
Buthus intermedius (Ehrenberg, 1829)
Buthus intumescens (Hemprich in Hemprich & Ehrenberg, 1828)
Buthus israelis Shulov & Amitai, 1959
Buthus jianxinae Lourenço, 2005
Buthus karoraensis Rossi & Tropea, 2016
Buthus kunti Yağmur, Koç & Lourenço, 2011
Buthus labuschagnei Lourenço, 2015
Buthus lienhardi Lourenço, 2003
Buthus lourencoi Rossi, Tropea & Yagmur, 2013
Buthus lusitanus Lourenço, 2021
Buthus malhommei Vachon, 1949
Buthus manchego Teruel & Turiel, 2020
Buthus mardochei Simon, 1878
Buthus mariaefrancae Lourenço, 2003
Buthus maroccanus Birula, 1903
Buthus montanus Lourenço & Vachon, 2004
Buthus nabataeus Lourenço, Abu Afifeh & Al-Saraireh, 2021
Buthus nigrovesiculosus Hirst, 1925
Buthus occidentalis Lourenço, Sun & Zhou, 2009
Buthus occitanus (Amoreux, 1789) type species
Buthus orientalis Lourenço & Simon, 2012
Buthus oudjanii Lourenço, 2017
Buthus paris (C.L. Koch, 1839)
Buthus pedrosousai Teruel & Turiel, 2021
Buthus pococki Kovarik, Stahlavsky & Elmi, 2020
Buthus prudenti Lourenço & Leguin, 2012
Buthus pusilus Lourenço, 2013
Buthus pyrenaeus Ythier, 2021
Buthus rochati Lourenço, 2003
Buthus saharicus Sadine, Bissati & Lourenço, 2015
Buthus serrano Teruel & Turiel, 2020
Buthus somalilandus Kovarik, Stahlavsky & Elmi, 2020
Buthus tassili Lourenço, 2002
Buthus trinacrius Lourenço & Rossi, 2013
Buthus tunetanus (Herbst, 1800)
Buthus yemenensis Lourenço, 2008
Buthus zeylensis Pocock, 1900
General characteristics
Members of Buthus are generally medium-sized scorpions (40–85 mm total length). Coloration is generally yellow, with different tones of brown to red-brown. Darker patterns may occur on various parts of the body. The pedipalps (pincers) are relatively gracile with slender digits and a globose base. The cephalothorax bears strong ornamentation with small granules arranged to form carinae (ridges). The most prominent carinae form a lyra-shaped pattern behind the median eyes in many species. The mesosoma is also often granulated and commonly bears three ridges on the tergites. The metasoma is slender but not thin with well developed carinae of granules, and some short spines in some species. A large vesicle terminates in a sharp and long aculeus (stinger).
Toxicity
Though generally not considered lethal, the venom of Buthus species is considered of medical importance. They form a considerable part of scorpion envenomation cases, especially in northern Africa. According to a study by Touloun et al. (2001) scorpions of the B. occitanus complex caused 26% of all recorded cases in southwestern Morocco, but none of them resulted in death.
Habitat
Species of Buthus live in semi-arid to arid climate in various terrains, from mountain valleys to coastal plains mostly with sparse vegetation, even in deserts. As most scorpions they are predominantly nocturnal and hide in shallow burrows, most commonly below stones.
References
External links
Images of various species of Buthus. The Scorpion Fauna. Scorpions of Europe
Buthidae
Scorpions of Africa
Benjamin Gilad is an author, consultant, and teacher in the field of competitive intelligence.  They are a co-founder of the Fuld-Gilad-Herring Academy of Competitive Intelligence. They were educated in psychology and philosophy at Tel Aviv University. After moving to the United States they studied business at Central Missouri State University, and later obtained a PhD from New York University.  They are the author of The Business Intelligence System, Business Blind Sports, Early Warning, Business War games, and articles related to the field of competitive intelligence.
References
Rutgers University faculty
New York University alumni
Business writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Davide Stirpe (born 1 August 1992) is an Italian motorcycle racer. They currently compete in the CIV Supersport 600 Championship aboard a MV Agusta F3 675. They have competed at national level in the CIV 125GP championship, the Honda RS125 GP Trophy (where they were champion in 2009), the CIV Stock 600 Championship and the CIV Supersport Championship (where they were champion in 2017 and 2021), at international level in the 125cc World Championship, the European Superstock 600 Championship and the Supersport World Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Italian motorcycle racers
Living people
1992 births
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Rome
Supersport World Championship riders
Dale Troy Cooper (October 16, 1918 – March 22, 1977), known professionally as Stoney Cooper, was an American country star and member of the Grand Ole Opry. They played the fiddle and the guitar.
Biography
Cooper was the son of Kenny and Stella (Raines) Cooper of Harman, West Virginia, United States. Their family was among the first settlers of Randolph and Pendleton counties, and these roots in the Appalachian mountains had an impact upon their music.
While in high school, Cooper was a member of the Leary Family Singers. In 1939, they married Wilma Lee Leary. They became Wilma Lee and Stoney Cooper, one of the biggest country music acts of the 1940s through the 1960s. They had one daughter, Carol Lee Cooper.
In 1947, they were cast members of WWVA Jamboree in Wheeling, West Virginia until 1957. Their band was called The Clinch Mountain Clan. In 1948, Cooper signed a recording contract with Columbia with the help of Fred Rose that lasted to 1955. In 1954, Cooper joined the Grand Ole Opry.
They also recorded for Rich-R-Tone, Hickory Records and Decca.
Death
In 1973, Stoney's health began to fail; they suffered a series of heart attacks and spent long periods in the hospital. Finally, they suffered a heart attack on February 4, 1977, from which they died in the intensive care unit of a Nashville hospital on March 22, 1977.
Discography
Singles with Wilma Lee Cooper
References
Bibliography
The Country Music Encyclopedia, Melvin Shestack. 1974, KBO Publishers, Inc.,
Country Music, U.S.A., Bill C. Malone. 1985, University of Texas Press,
External links
[ Stony Cooper at allmusic.com]
Biography
1918 births
1977 deaths
People from Randolph County, West Virginia
American country singer-songwriters
American country fiddlers
Grand Ole Opry members
20th-century American singers
Country musicians from West Virginia
Singer-songwriters from West Virginia
Dealflicks was an online movie ticketing company founded in 2012 and based in Los Angeles, CA. The company sold discounted movie tickets online and through mobile devices. The company was partnered with more than 750 theaters in the United States. As of July 2014, Dealflicks had raised $1.7 million in seed funding.
History
The concept for the company began when CEO and co-founder, Sean Wycliffe watched the film The King's Speech in 2010. According to Wycliffe, the theater was mostly empty when they arrived. They then had the idea to launch a company that was similar to a "Priceline for movie tickets".
In April 2012, the company launched their beta platform with two independent theaters in California. In July 2012, the website was officially launched.
Dealflicks was launched by company co-founders Sean Wycliffe, Kevin Hong, and Zachary Cancio. In the initial stages, they struggled to sign theaters; in the first 10 months, they were only able to sign up 100 new theaters. Hong and the sales team decided to travel around the country in a mini-van to sign up theaters. These sales calls were known as "Man Van" trips and helped the team sign up 45 additional theaters in just 3 months.
In March 2016, the company signed on Carmike Cinemas, the fourth largest theater chain in the United States. This agreement allows Dealflicks to be available in more than 750 theaters nationwide. However, in March 2016 AMC announced their intent to purchase Carmike and the acquisition was completed in December that same year. Almost immediately AMC cancelled the agreement with Dealflicks, effectively removing the Carmike theatres from Dealflicks' offering.
, the company partnered with 13 of the top 50 theater chains in the U.S., including B&B Theatres, and Bow Tie Cinemas, among others.
On August 14, 2018, the company announced its fate to its customers through e-mail, ending service the same day.
See also
Fandango.com
MovieTickets.com
MoviePass
References
External links
https://www.dealflicks.com/ - official website
Ticket sales companies
Film websites
Online companies of the United States
Jefferson Jones (1817 – 1879) was a 19th-century American army colonel.  They are best known for their role in leading the secessionist Kingdom of Callaway as its king in the 1860s.
The source of Jones' rank of colonel is uncertain. They do not appear on lists of officers of the United States Army, either regular or volunteer. They may have had a commission in the Confederate Army or the Missouri State Guard, the latter of which was formed from secessionist Missourians.
The Kingdom of Callaway was a county in Missouri that did not agree with the politics of either side in the American Civil War. As a result, it went on its own for a time. What made Callaway unique was that the Union general John B. Henderson signed a peace treaty with the Kingdom in October 1861, thus lending legitimacy to its existence.
The Union Army invaded Callaway, and Jones's administration was unable to stop it.
Jones was subsequently captured by Union forces and convicted for treason at a court martial. They were originally sentenced to solitary confinement, but the sentence was reduced to being confined to the limits of St. Louis. They remained in the city for the remainder of the war.
After the war, they were active in Democratic Party politics and was elected a state representative in 1875. They suffered a heart attack while they were giving a speech in 1876 and died in 1879.
References
Strauss, Erwin S., "How to Start Your Own Country." Paladin Press, 1997.
People of Missouri in the American Civil War
American separatists
Self-proclaimed monarchy
1817 births
1879 deaths
Missouri Democrats
Chalaki (, also Romanized as Chālākī) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 43 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Estothel, also known as Gatlin, is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. Estothel is located on Alabama State Route 52, southeast of Opp.
History
A post office operated under the name Gatlin from 1901 to 1905.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
The Magic-Flight Launch Box (occasionally abbreviated to "MFLB") is a portable, dry-herb cannabis vaporizer that has been in production since 2009.
Reception
the Magic-Flight Launch Box has received positive reviews. Writing for the New York Times, Matthias Schwartz said that the device "isn't very easy to operate" due to its multiple variables such as battery charge and airflow but stated that they considered this a feature rather than a bug as it encouraged moderation.
In their write-up for Gizmodo, Andrew Tarantola gave the Magic-Flight Launch Box a more mixed review, saying that while they enjoyed the device's efficiency, stating that "A little herb goes a long way in a Launch box.", they disliked the fact that the pine wood the device was made of dried out their lips. Furthermore, they found that the batteries were prone to shorting out, warning readers to keep the black caps on when not in use. They recommended the device to "people who want to own a travel vaporizer with none of the modern conveniences found on other models. Possibly the Amish."
In their advisory article, "The best marijuana vaporizer for every type of person", Insider's Melia Robinson and Jeremy Berke recommended the device to the marijuana user on a budget.
References
Products introduced in 2009
Cannabis smoking
The 1997 British Academy Television Awards were held on 29 April at the Royal Albert Hall in London, as a joint ceremony with the British Academy Film Awards and was hosted by Lenny Henry. To date, it is the last occasion upon which the two sets of awards have been given jointly at the same event; from 1998, the Film and Television Awards were given at separate ceremonies for the first time since 1968.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; the nominees are listed below.
{| class=wikitable
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Drama Series
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Drama Serial
|-
|valign="top" |
EastEnders (BBC / BBC1) Ballykissangel (Ballykea / BBC Northern Ireland / World Productions / BBC1)
Hamish Macbeth (BBC Scotland / Skyline Films / Zenith Entertainment Ltd / BBC1)
This Life (World Productions / BBC2)
|valign="top" |
Our Friends in the North (BBC2) The Crow Road (BBC Scotland / Union Pictures Productions / BBC2)
The Fragile Heart (Carnival Films / Channel 4)
Gulliver's Travels (Jim Henson Productions / RHI Entertainment Inc / Channel 4)
|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Actor
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Actress
|-
|valign="top" |
Nigel Hawthorne – The Fragile Heart (Channel 4) Christopher Eccleston – Our Friends in the North (BBC2)
Albert Finney – Karaoke / Cold Lazarus (BBC1 / Channel 4)
Peter Vaughan – Our Friends in the North (BBC2)
|valign="top" |
Gina McKee – Our Friends in the North (BBC2) Alex Kingston – The Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders (ITV)
Helen Mirren – Prime Suspect 5 (ITV)
Pauline Quirke – The Sculptress (BBC1)
|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Comedy (Programme or Series)
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Comedy Performance
|-
|valign="top" |
Only Fools and Horses (BBC / BBC1) Absolutely Fabulous (BBC / BBC1)
Father Ted (Hat Trick Productions / Channel 4)
Game On (Hat Trick Productions / BBC2)
|valign="top" |
David Jason – Only Fools and Horses (BBC1) Martin Clunes – Men Behaving Badly (BBC1)
Joanna Lumley – Absolutely Fabulous (BBC1)
Nicholas Lyndhurst – Only Fools and Horses (BBC1)
|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Single Drama
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Factual Series
|-
|valign="top" |
Hillsborough (Granada Television / ITV) Crossing the Floor (BBC / BBC2)
The Precious Blood (BBC Northern Ireland / BBC2)
Some Kind of Life (Granada Television / ITV)
|valign="top" |
The House (BBC2) Cutting Edge (Channel 4)
People's Century (BBC / WGBH / BBC2)
The System (BBC / BBC2)
|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Light Entertainment Programme or Series
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Light Entertainment Performance
|-
|valign="top" |
Shooting Stars (BBC / BBC2) The Fast Show (BBC / BBC2)
Rory Bremner - Who Else? (Kudos Film & Television / Channel 4)
Ruby Wax Meets (BBC / BBC1)
|valign="top" |
John Bird & John Fortune – Rory Bremner - Who Else? / The Long Johns (Channel 4)
Caroline Aherne – The Mrs Merton Christmas Show (BBC1)
Rory Bremner – Rory Bremner - Who Else? (Channel 4)
Paul Merton – Have I Got News for You (BBC2)
|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best News Coverage
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Talk Show
|-
|valign="top" |
Newsnight – BSE Coverage (BBC / BBC2) Newsnight – Dunblane Massacre (BBC / BBC2)
News at Ten — Dunblane Massacre (ITN / ITV)
Channel 4 News – Refugee Crisis in Zaire and Rwanda (ITN / Channel 4)
|valign="top" |
The Mrs Merton Christmas Show (Granada Television / BBC1) Esther (BBC / BBC2)
Late Review (BBC / BBC2)
Weekly Planet (Wall to Wall Television / Channel 4)
|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Flaherty Award for Best Single Documentary
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Huw Wheldon Award for Arts Programme or Series
|-
|valign="top" |
Horizon – Fermat's Last Theorem (BBC / BBC2) Elton John: Tantrums & Tiaras (Rocket Pictures / Carlton Television / ITV)
Cutting Edge — The Home (Channel 4)
Timewatch – Remember Aberfan (BBC / BBC2)
|valign="top" |
Leaving Home (Channel 4) A History of British Art (BBC / BBC2)
American Visions (BBC / Planet 24 Productions / Time / WNET / BBC2)
Dancing in the Street: A Rock and Roll History (BBC Bristol / BBC2)
|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Sports / Events Coverage in Real Time
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |Best Foreign Programme Award
|-
|valign="top" |
Euro 96 Coverage (BBC / BBC1) Formula One Grand Prix Racing (BBC / BBC2)
Monday Night Football (Sky Sports)
Remembrance Sunday — The Cenotaph (BBC / BBC1)
|valign="top" |
Murder One|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |The Lew Grade Award
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |The Dennis Potter Award
|-
|valign="top" |
Coronation Street|valign="top" |
Peter Flannery|-
|-
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |The Alan Clarke Award
!style="background:#BDB76B;" |The Richard Dimbleby Award
|-
|valign="top" |
Michael Wearing|valign="top" |
Robert Hughes|-
|-
|}
Craft Awards
Special Awards
Charles F. Wheeler'''
References
External links
British Academy Craft Awards official website
Television1997
1997 awards in the United Kingdom
1997 television awards
1997 in British television
April 1997 events in the United Kingdom
Events at the Royal Albert Hall
The 2020–21 season was F.C. Motagua's 74th season in existence and the club's 55th consecutive season in the top fight of Honduran football. In addition to the domestic league, the club also competed for the 2020 CONCACAF League.
Overview
As coach Diego Vásquez renewed their contract, they led the team for their 14th consecutive tournament. After two straight defeats against C.D. Olimpia and Nicaraguan side Real Estelí FC at the 2020 CONCACAF League, F.C. Motagua was unable to qualify to their second straight CONCACAF Champions League. Only one month later, the team was eliminated from domestic contention (Apertura) against Olimpia in the so-called "Final de Liguilla" (Playoffs finals). In May 2021, Motagua was unable to reach another final as they lost to Olimpia in the Clausura Playoff final series in penalty shoot-outs.
Kits
The 2020–21 home and away kits were published on 25 September, one day before their debut in the Apertura tournament. Unlike previous seasons, no third kit was released.
Players
Transfers in
Transfers out
Squad
Statistics as of 19 May 2021
Only league matches into account
Goalkeeper's action
As of 19 May 2021
International caps
As of 12 June 2021
This is a list of players that were playing for Motagua during the 2020–21 season and were called to represent Honduras at different international competitions.
Results
All times are local CST unless stated otherwise
Preseason and friendlies
Apertura
Clausura
CONCACAF League
By round
Statistics
As of 19 May 2021
References
External links
Official website
F.C. Motagua seasons
Motagua
Brad Kern is an American television producer and writer. They were the executive producer/showrunner of CBS TV procedural NCIS: New Orleans since midway through season two until the end of season four. Previously, they served as executive producer/showrunner on CW's supernatural Beauty & the Beast for three seasons; and, prior to that, executive producer of the FOX action adventure, Human Target.
They were also executive producer/showrunner on the hit supernatural drama Charmed for all eight seasons. Before that, they were executive Producer/showrunner of the award-winning Fox series New York Undercover. Other previous credits include co-executive producer on Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman, supervising producer on The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr., and executive story editor on Hill Street Blues. Kern began in television as a staff writer on Remington Steele where they worked their way up to supervising producer.
In December 2017, Variety reported that Kern had been investigated by CBS twice for sexual harassment and discrimination against women while show runner of NCIS: New Orleans. In May 2018, Kern departed as NCIS: New Orleans showrunner, though they would remain a consulting producer on the series. Following a third investigation, Kern was fired from the series in October 2018 and their overall deal with CBS Television Studios was terminated.
Personal life
Their uncle was Porsche co-founder and race car driver Adolf Rosenberger.
Charmed
Kern was hired as the showrunner when the presentation pilot became a series, and shared the job of executive producer of Charmed with the show's creator Constance M. Burge for the first two seasons, when Burge departed due to disagreements.
Book of Shadows
At the end of the series, Kern and Holly Marie Combs, who played Piper Halliwell throughout the series, took duo-ownership of the "Hero" version of the Book of Shadows; the prop versions were sold at auctions. The "Hero" version is the main, most complete Book of Shadows, and was pivotal to shooting the series. It was usually kept under lock and key.
Kern and Combs were supposed to share custody of the book, agreeing to alternate possession with each getting the book for a year. However, it has been revealed that Kern never honored this agreement, having never transferred possession to Combs.
References
External links
American television producers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
American people of Jewish descent
American people of German descent
The Ebright Azimuth is the point with the highest benchmark monument elevation in the U.S. state of Delaware. It is marked with a geodetic benchmark monument and has an elevation of above sea level. The only state high-point with a lower elevation is Britton Hill in the state of Florida at above sea level.
Description
The Ebright Azimuth is located about north of downtown Wilmington, Delaware, in far northern New Castle County, within a few feet of the Pennsylvania state line. It is near Concord High School, to the north of Naamans Road, at the middle of the intersection of Ebright Road and Ramblewood Drive. This is an entrance to the Dartmouth Woods development.
Surveying by Delaware Geological Survey personnel indicates that the mobile home park just west of Ebright Road is at least higher than the benchmark.
Ebright Azimuth is named after James and Grant Ebright, who owned the property on which the benchmark was placed. An azimuth is an angular measurement in a spherical coordinate system.
Since the schematic photograph was taken the blue and yellow monument sign has been moved across the street closer to the geodetic marker. A curb extension has been installed, and the area around the sign has been modestly landscaped.
Radio tower history
The self-supporting radio tower just south of the benchmark was constructed in 1947 by Western Union as part of a historic C-band microwave radio relay system that linked New York City and Washington, D.C. This site was assigned the name "Brandywine" in recognition of Brandywine Creek located several kilometers to the west and was licensed with the call sign KGB29.
Western Union's engineers specified a heavy-duty prefabricated fire tower structure, which allowed the microwave transmitters and receivers to be installed inside the cab. "Dish" antennas, mounted behind the window openings, were aimed towards the adjacent relay stations at Mt. Laurel, New Jersey, to the northeast, and Elk Neck near Elkton, Maryland, to the southwest.
Like most of their early microwave relay sites, Western Union decommissioned the Brandywine installation near Ebright Azimuth as more-reliable broadband fiber systems were developed. The structure now supports several VHF and UHF land mobile radio antennas.
See also
List of U.S. states by elevation
References
External links
Landforms of Delaware
Landforms of New Castle County, Delaware
Highest points of U.S. states
Janakpur Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising six districts, namely, Dhanusa, Dolakha, Mahottari, Ramechhap, Sarlahi and Sindhuli. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Janakpur Zone.
Janakpur Zone
List of monuments in Dhanusha District
List of monuments in Dolakha District
List of monuments in Mahottari District
List of monuments in Ramechhap District
List of monuments in Sarlahi District
List of monuments in Sindhuli District
References
Janakpur Zone
Janakpur Zone
Tek-Tools Software was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Tek-Tools' original claim-to-fame was the Simple Yet Powerful Java IDE called Kawa. Kawa was acquired by Allaire Corporation in 2000 and much of the team went with it.
Tek-Tools continued to press forward and went into the storage/backup market. The company's Profiler Suite, has grown from a traditional server-based Storage Resource Management (SRM) application into an IT framework that has been recognized by Gartner as a Challenger in the SRM Magic Quadrant.
Profiler customers range from organizations within the private and public sectors and industries such as banking and finance, consulting and accounting, health care, insurance, manufacturing, utilities, telecommunications, education, transportation, internet service providers, and real estate.
The Profiler Suite consists of: Virtual Profiler, Storage Profiler, Backup Profiler, App Profiler and Server Profiler.
The company has also announced the release of vProfiler, its new virtualization management software designed specifically for early stage virtualization environments.
In January 2010, Tek-Tools was acquired by SolarWinds. A number of the Tek-Tools' alumni moved on to found Symphonic Source, Inc. in June 2010.
References
External links
Official Website
Software companies based in Texas
Development software companies
Companies based in Dallas
Software companies of the United States
Giuliano Giardini (born 1 January 1960) is a retired Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
This is a list of speakers of the House of Representatives of Belize.
References
Lists of members of the House of Representatives (Belize)
Belize
List
The Tagula white-eye or white-throated white-eye (Zosterops meeki) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
References
Birds described in 1898
Birds of Papua New Guinea
Endemic fauna of Papua New Guinea
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Paul Leroy (13 January 1884 – 9 April 1949) was a French archer. They competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning three medals, two silver and a bronze.
References
1884 births
1949 deaths
French male archers
Olympic archers of France
Archers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Seine-et-Marne
Olympic silver medalists for France
Olympic bronze medalists for France
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Kannheiser Glacier () is a glacier about long, lying east-southeast of Cape Flying Fish on Thurston Island, Antarctica, and flowing south into the Abbot Ice Shelf. It was first delineated from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in December 1946, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Commander William Kannheiser, U.S. Navy, a helicopter pilot aboard , who explored and photographed new Thurston Island features in February 1960.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Thurston Island – Jones Mountains. 1:500000 Antarctica Sketch Map. US Geological Survey, 1967.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Glaciers of Thurston Island
Under the Renewable Energy Directive Ireland has set a target of producing 16% of all its energy needs from renewable energy sources by 2020. Between 2005 and 2014 the percentage of energy from renewable energy sources grew from just 3.1% to 8.6% of total final consumption. By 2020 the overall renewable energy share was 13.5%, short of its Renewable Energy Drive target of 16%. Renewable electricity accounted for 69% of all renewable energy used in 2020, up from two thirds (66.8%) in 2019.
The country has a large and growing installed wind power capacity at 4,405 MW by the end of 2021 producing 31% of all its electricity needs in that year. In contrast in 2020 it had the second lowest installation of solar PV power in the EU after Latvia at just 92.8 MW of installed capacity.
Energy consumption by sector
According to the Irish National Renewable Energy Action Plan (NREAP), as submitted by all member states as part of the EU Renewable Energy Directive, in 2020 the gross final energy consumption in Ireland by sector is projected to break down as follows:
*All figures calculated as per Directive 2009/28/EC
In 2020 the transport sector is expected to comprise 42.6% of final energy consumption. The heating and cooling sector (also known as the thermal sector) includes domestic heating and air conditioning and industrial heat processes is expected to account for 36.6% of final energy consumption The electricity sector is projected to account for 20.9% of consumption.
Total annual energy consumption (after adjustments) is projected to be 14,142 ktoe (14.142 million tonnes of oil equivalent) by 2020. To meet Ireland's overall target of16% use of renewable energy in gross final energy consumption by 2020 (it was just 3.1% in 2005) targets have been set for each sector. By 2020 renewable energy use is targeted to be 12% in the heating and cooling sector, 42.5% in the electricity sector and 10% in the transport sector.
Sources
Wind power
Wind power has been growing steadily in the Republic of Ireland by around 200 MW per year rising from 1,027 MW in 2008 to 4,351 MW by year end 2020. The grids of the Republic and Northern Ireland are integrated, and the combined wind power capacity is 5,030 MW. During the year 2020 wind power provided 36.3% of the country's electricity On 5 February 2022 at 17:45, an all-time record was broken in Ireland, with wind generating 3,603 MW.
As of 2022 almost all wind power generation in Ireland is onshore. However, the Irish government plans to have 5 GW of offshore wind capacity built by 2030, with a goal of 35 GW by 2050.
Solar PV
Solar PV installed capacity in Ireland is amongst the lowest in Europe, it was just over 2MW in 2015. In the same year the corresponding figure for the United Kingdom was 8,915 MW and for Denmark 790 MW. In 2015 the country had the lowest capacity per inhabitant of all EU countries, only Latvia had a lower absolute capacity. Predictions for future growth in installed capacity vary widely from 500 MW by 2021 to 3,700 MW by 2030 with government support.
Biomass
Solid biomass and biogas
*Converted using IEA unit converter.
Solid biomass was used mostly in the heating and cooling sector providing 222 ktoe of energy, it was also used to generate some electricity at 28 ktoe of energy. Biogas was used mostly in the production of electricity contributing 18 ktoe.
Biofuels
In 2014 Biodiesel provided 90 ktoe to the transport sector whilst Bioethanol/Bio-ETBE provided 27 ktoe.
Targets and Progress
Targets
Overall renewable energy sources show a target trajectory of 6.6% share in 2010 rising to 14% by 2020. The electricity sector shows the most ambitious trajectory with a rise from 6.9% of total supply in 2005 to 42.5% by 2020.
Progress
According to Ireland's third progress report, by 2014 the country had achieved an 8.6% share of overall energy use from renewable energy sources. This was below the targeted 11% share planned for that year. Renewable energy use in the electricity sector was the furthest from its target of just over 8 percentage points below its target for the year.
In 2020 Ireland reached its renewable electricity target averaging at 40% renewable through the year (mostly from wind). Heating and cooling and transport targets were not reached.
See also
Wind power in Ireland
Energy in Ireland
Electricity sector in Ireland
Renewable energy in the UK
Renewable energy in Scotland
Renewable energy by country
References
External links
European Commission National Renewable Energy Action Plans
European Commission renewable energy Progress Reports
European Commission National Energy Efficiency Action Plans
Space Mowgli, also known as The Kid (), is a 1971 science fiction novel by Russian writers Boris and Arkady Strugatsky, set in the Noon Universe.
Plot summary
The novel describes the "Ark Project" of 2160 and the first (and last) contact with Ark Megaforms. The story is told by Stanislav Popov, a technician of the ER-2 team, one of the twelve ecologist teams that were working on Ark to prepare the planet for the arrival of the colonists from Pant. The ER-2 consists of Popov, Gennady Komov, Maya Glumova and Yakov Vanderhuze.
The story begins as the members of ER-2 go on a routine exploration mission while Popov is left behind to oversee the construction of a permanent base for the arriving colonists. Suddenly, the construction robots get out of control and leave the construction site. It takes a few hours for Popov to locate the robots, fix them and set them back to work.
After that, Popov hears a human baby crying. Popov tries to locate the source of the sound but the crying stops as suddenly as it started. Since infants are not allowed to leave Earth, Popov assumes they had an auditory hallucination. Popov carries on their work with the robots. Now, they hear a female voice pleading for help from somebody named Shura. Popov cannot locate the source of the voice either.
Meanwhile, the ER-2 exploration party discovers the wreckage of an Earth spaceship and the remains of its two pilots. They log a report describing their discovery with the
orbital base. The following night, the ER-2 members start to exhibit the symptoms of psychosis. Popov is the most heavily affected. However, they do not tell the others about their condition: if they are found to be unfit for duty they might be recalled to Earth.
As the team has breakfast the following morning, a figure of a 13-year-old human boy appears on the base. Popov ignores it assuming that it is another one of their hallucinations. However, the other people see the boy too. They try to follow them but the boy quickly leaves the premises and the explorers lose their track. The team sends a report back to the orbital base. They receive a reply from Leonid Gorbovsky. The mission of ER-2 is changed to establish contact with a possible alien race.
Another message arrives that identifies the spaceship that ER-2 discovered as Pilgrim and the two pilots as Alexander (Russian short for this name is Shura) Semyonov and their wife Maria-Luisa Semyonova. They had their newborn child Piere Semyonov on board. The spaceship disappeared in 2147. This leads ER-2 members to assume that the boy they saw in the morning is Piere Semyonov.
The leader of the team - Komov leaves the ship to scout the surroundings of the base. However, Piere Semyonov soon comes to the base himself. Apparently, they try to communicate with the humans, they do not understand them and they leaf again. The behavior of the Kid (the official nickname given to Piere, hence the Russian title of the novel) is rather strange. This leads the humans to assume that they were raised by the local alien race.
Giant, segmented, insect-like, antennae rise over a distant mountain range. There is no direct connection between the antennae and the aliens, but the newly discovered race is named Ark Megaforms. The demonstration of the antennae appears to be an act of intimidation. It soon becomes apparent that Ark Megaforms want the humans to leave the planet as soon as possible. The Megaforms use the Kid as their negotiator with the humans. The Kid visits the base of ER-2 several times. They allow the humans to study them and question them about their foster parents in exchange for the promise to leave. The communication does not proceed smoothly as the Kid exhibits the mixture of human and alien psychological traits. Their very way of thought seems inconceivable to humans. Though they can speak, most of the questions they are either unable or unwilling to answer. Moreover, there is a conflict of interest as the humans want to find out about Ark Megaforms as much as possible while the Kid just wants them to leave.
Frustrated with the lack of progress the humans give the Kid a portable video transmitter. They do not tell the Kid its function and hope that they will take it with them and the scientists will be able to track their movements outside the base. Over the transmitter the humans see as the Kid walks to the wreckage of the Pilgrim, levitates to a distant canyon and proceeds into the planet's interior. At this moment one of the humans - Maya Glumova turns on an emergency flashlight that is built into the transmitter. The transmission immediately stops. It is disputed if Maya did it on purpose. However, Komov takes the responsibility for the failure of the mission on himself.
Gorbovsky contacts Komov and tells them that most likely humans will not be able to establish a contact with Ark Megaforms because they are a closed civilization that avoids contacts with others. Gorbovsky informs Komov that an ancient satellite was discovered orbiting Ark. The satellite was built by the Wanderers and was programmed to destroy any approaching spaceship. Apparently, this satellite shot down the Pilgrim 13 years ago. Humans conclude that the Wanderers wanted to prevent anyone from contacting Ark Megaforms.
In the epilogue of the novel, Popov talks to the Kid over the video transmitter and reflects on the decisions made by the humans. The humans decided to evacuate Ark and the only remaining contact is through the Kid. Komov, some of their teammates and Piere's grandfather are allowed to talk to him. However, they should carefully avoid any themes related to Ark Megaforms. In the novel there is no mention whether the Ark Project was ever concluded.
Publication history
The Brothers Strugatsky conceived the idea for the novel in 1970. The working book title was "Operation MOWGLI", however was eventually published under the title Kid. Boris Strugatsky admitted that the brothers did not like the title, which was only chosen as the official name because the publisher wanted it. The novel was written in 1970 and is one of a series of books set in the Noon Universe. The novel was published the year after in the journal Aurora.
The English translation was included in a single volume entitled Escape Attempt with the other Noon universe stories Escape Attempt and The Kid from Hell.
In the process of creating a 12 Volume collection of the works of the Brothers Strugatsky (Publisher Stalker, in the year 2000) Boris Strugatsky gave legal permission for the dates to be changed in the novel. As such, the dates 20th, 231st, 233rd and 234th years became 34th, 144th, 147th, 148th years.
Movie adaptations
A partial adaptation in the third episode of the show This Fantastical World (1980).
Kid, television movie, theatrical adaptation in the Central Children's Theatre (1987).
Unplanned Meetings, Česká televize film (1995).
English releases
Strugatsky, Arkady and Boris. Escape Attempt (Best of Soviet Science Fiction) translated by Roger DeGaris. New York: Macmillan Pub Co, May 14, 1982, 321 pp. . LCCN: 82000029.
References
External links
1971 novels
1971 in the Soviet Union
1971 science fiction novels
Soviet science fiction novels
Noon Universe novels
Novels by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Fictional feral children
Russian novels adapted into television shows
Russian novels adapted into films
Tina Martyn, is a Country Music singer from Newcastle, New South Wales. Them single "Lying In My Bed" was nominated for the 1997 ARIA Award for Best Country Release and earlier that year they won a Golden Guitar Award for Best New Talent.
Discography
"Lying in My Bed"
"Wham Bam"
Awards and nominations
ARIA Awards
they ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music.
|-
| ARIA Music Awards of 1997
| "Lying in My Bed"
| ARIA Award for Best Country Album
|
|-
Country Music Awards of Australia
The Country Music Awards of Australia (CMAA) (also known as the Golden Guitar Awards) is an annual awards night held in January during the Tamworth Country Music Festival, celebrating recording excellence in the Australian country music industry. They have been held annually since 1973.
|-
| 1997
| themselves
| New Talent of the Year
|
References
Australian musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
One human poll made up the 2009 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) football rankings, sometimes called the NAIA Coaches' Poll or the football ratings. Once the regular season was complete, the NAIA sponsored a 16-team playoff to determine the year's national champion. A final poll was then taken after completion of the 2009 NAIA Football National Championship.
Poll release dates
The poll release dates were:
April 20, 2009 (Spring)
August 10, 2009 (Preseason)
September 14, 2009
September 21, 2009
September 28, 2009
October 5, 2009
October 12, 2009
October 19, 2009
October 26, 2009
November 2, 2009
November 9, 2009
November 15, 2009 (Final)
January 11, 2010 (Postseason)
Week by week poll
Leading vote-getters
Since the inception of the Coaches' Poll in 1999, the #1 ranking in the various weekly polls has been held by only a select group of teams. Through the postseason poll of the 2009 season, the teams and the number of times they have held the #1 weekly ranking are shown below. The number of times a team has been ranked #1 in the postseason poll (the national champion) is shown in parentheses.
In 1999, the results of a postseason poll, if one was conducted, are not known. Therefore, an additional poll has been presumed, and the #1 postseason ranking has been credited to the postseason tournament champion, the Northwestern Oklahoma State Rangers.
References
Rankings
NAIA football rankings
Rasivalva is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about 12 described species in Rasivalva. They are found mainly in the Holarctic, although one species is found in Africa.
Species
These 12 species belong to the genus Rasivalva:
Rasivalva calceata (Haliday, 1834)
Rasivalva circumvecta (Lyle, 1918)
Rasivalva desueta Papp, 1989
Rasivalva karadagi Tobias, 1986
Rasivalva leleji Kotenko, 2007
Rasivalva lepelleyi (Wilkinson, 1934)
Rasivalva longivena Song & Chen, 2004
Rasivalva marginata (Nees, 1834)
Rasivalva perplexa (Muesebeck, 1922)
Rasivalva pyrenaica Oltra & Jiménez, 2005
Rasivalva rugosa (Muesebeck, 1922)
Rasivalva stigmatica (Muesebeck, 1922)
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Book Works is a London-based publisher of books on contemporary visual arts, and print studio specialising in bookbinding, letterpress printing, boxmaking, and printmaking. Established in 1984, it has "the mission to disseminate visual art practice to as wide and diverse an audience as possible." It is a publicly funded organisation and a registered charity (registered number 1104148), its supporters including Arts Council England and The Henry Moore Foundation.
Artists whose work has been published by Book Works include Tacita Dean, Jeremy Deller, Simon Faithfull, Liam Gillick, Ahmet Ögüt, Cornelia Parker, Martin John Callanan, NaoKo TakaHashi, Sam Taylor-Wood and Mark Titchner.
Book Works regularly participate in book fairs and, since their inception, have set up one-off events that respond to contemporary art and its relationship to publishing. Between February and November 2011, Book Works undertook a series of five touring exhibitions titled 'Again, A Time Machine', which examined the concept of the archive. The exhibitions took place at Eastside Projects, Birmingham (26 February-16 April); Motto Berlin (6 May-2 June); The Showroom, London (14 June-5 July); Spike Island, Bristol (15 September-9 October); and White Columns, New York (22 October-19 November). Artists participating in the exhibition included Jonathan Monk, Slavs and Tatars, Stewart Home, Paul Buck, Pil and Galia Kollectiv, Laure Prouvost, Dora Garcia, and Kenneth Goldsmith.
The Book Works website has been selected for preservation by The British Library as part of the work of the UK Web Archiving Consortium.
Notes
External links
Entry for Book Works on Intute
Publishing companies established in 1984
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Arts in London
1984 establishments in England
Robert Gull (born 12 January 1991) is a Swedish motorcycle racer. They won the 125cc Swedish Championship in 2007 and 2008 and they have also competed in the 2007 Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup season and in a 2008 125cc World Championship race. Gull held the Guinness World Record for the fastest motorcycle wheelie on ice from 16 March 2014 to 31 January 2015 and achieved it again on 28 February 2015.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
1991 births
Living people
Swedish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Stockholm
Time Will Tell () is the fifth studio album by Taiwanese Mandopop artist Hebe Tien from the girl group S.H.E. The CD album was released on September 25, 2020, followed by LP record that was released on 4 November 2020. This is the first studio album released through their new label Pourquoi Pas Music (PQPMusic) and partnership with their management A TUNE Music, after parting ways with their previous label HIM International Music.
At the 32nd Golden Melody Awards, Tien was awarded the Best Female Mandarin Singer for Time Will Tell, along with two other awards out of seven nominations.
Background and development
In September 2018, Tien along with the other S.H.E members officially left HIM International Music after 17 years and founded their own management company, A TUNE Music (樂来樂好). On December 29, 2018, Tien released their first song after their departure from HIM, "Jasper Night" for the Chinese film Long Day's Journey into Night and will eventually release "Still Early" for the film Midnight Diner, their first song released in cooperation with PQPMusic in September 2019.
In April 30, 2019, Tien as the director of A TUNE Music held a press conference to announce their partnership with PQPMusic. In the press conference, there were five bricks and two crabs cleverly juxtaposed with the logos of the two companies hinting at Tien's fifth studio album and their second concert tour. It was then revealed that both projects already entered the preparatory stage.
Release
On January 14, 2020 at 12 noon, Tien released their first single "Let It..." across digital music platforms without prior announcements and hinted at the release of their fifth album. Tien worked with photographer Li Hui for the visuals of the single. The music video was slated to be released on the 17th but in a press conference for a contact lens brand on the 18th, Tien said that there had been difficulties releasing the music video for the time being. They also revealed that the album will be released within the year and that they almost finished recording. The music video was eventually released on June 1, 2020 featuring Tien as a gynecologist meeting their college couple portrayed by Greg Han, 20 years after they graduated, and broke 1 million views in 30 hours.
On June 11, 2020, Tien released their second single "Anything Goes", the first song that was chosen for the new album. The music video which was shot around the rocky areas of national parks in Los Angeles, California was released on the 12th. On the 25th, it was announced that their second concert tour "One After Another Tour" to promote their upcoming album will kick off at Taipei Arena on September 25, 26 and 27. 33,000 tickets sold out in a minute when sales opened and another 11,000 tickets for the 28th which has been added also sold out within 30 seconds.  They are the second artist to hold a concert in Taiwan during the COVID-19 pandemic following Eric Chou.
On July 3, 2020, Tien released their third single "One, after Another", and was accompanied by a music video released on the 10th. The music video was reported to cost 11 million NTD to produce. It received a nomination for Best Music Video at the 32nd Golden Melody Awards. On July 28, 2020, Tien followed up with their fourth single "You Should Know about It" and a music video with QR codes as the main element.
On August 17, 2020, Tien's fifth studio album Time Will Tell has been revealed. Dutch freelance photographer Astrid Verhoef was specially invited to create the main visuals for the album. The album visuals were taken in the American Southwest region. The reveal was followed by their fifth single "A Song For You" which was released on the 21st. Tien went to Taitung with the band Deca Joins to film the music video for the single which was then released on the 25th. On September 8, 2020, Tien released their sixth single "The Irony of Love". The music video featured Taiwanese actor Sandrine Pinna sitting in front of a vanity in a revolving room employing a one-shot long take video.
Following their fourth album Day by Day which was released 4 years prior, Tien released their fifth studio album Time Will Tell on September 25, 2020.
Track listing
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
7. Website of Dutch Photographer Astrid Verhoef: Hebe Tien, www.astridverhoef.nl/hebe-tien
2020 albums
Hebe Tien albums
Sanjan railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway in the state of Gujarat, India. Sanjan railway station is 49 km away from Valsad railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express trains halt at Sanjan railway station.
On occasion of Parsi festival, Western railway gives stoppage of Gujarat Superfast Express and Flying Ranee trains at Sanjan every year.
References
External links
Valsad district
Railway stations in Valsad district
Mumbai WR railway division
Juan Pablo Santiago Santiago (born 25 August 1980) is a Mexican retired footballer.
Career
Born in Zapotiltic, Santiago began playing football with the youth side of Atlas before making their senior debut in 1999. In a more than 10-year career, Santiago played for Atlas, Veracruz, Santos Laguna and Tijuana. The central defender won the Primera División with Santos in 2008.
On 9 March 2013, they announced their retirement from professional football.
Honors
Tijuana
Liga MX (1): Apertura 2012
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Jalisco
Atlas F.C. footballers
C.D. Veracruz footballers
Santos Laguna footballers
Club Tijuana footballers
Liga MX players
Mexican footballers
Association football defenders
The Brabham BT12 was a mid-engined open-wheel racing car, designed, developed and built by the Brabham team, to compete in the 1964 Indianapolis 500. Jack Brabham managed to qualify the car on the grid in 25th-place, but retired on lap 77 of the race due to a fuel tank damage, from a collision on the first lap. The car was powered by an naturally aspirated Offenhauser DOHC inline four-cylinder engine, making about .
References
Indianapolis 500
American Championship racing cars
Open wheel racing cars
Brabham racing cars
The Swiss Labour Force Survey (SLFS) - conducted by the Federal Statistical Office in cooperation with an external service provider - is a household survey that has been conducted since 1991. The main goal is to survey the employment structure and employment behaviour of the permanent resident population. Because of the strict application of international definitions in the SLFS, Swiss data can be compared with those of other OECD countries and the countries of the European Union. Since 2010, the SLFS has been conducted on a quarterly basis. The interviews from the third and fourth quarters of 2009 serve as a transition from the old to the new (continuous) SLFS.
Legal basis
Ordinance on the Conduct of Statistical Surveys by the Confederation of 30 June 1993, SR 431.012.1
Type of survey
The SLFS is a sample survey. The survey is carried out as a telephone household survey among a sample of approximately 105,000 people (until 2001: approx. 16,000; from 2002 to 2009: approx. 35,000 persons). The households are selected at random from the telephone directory. Since 2003, the SLFS has also been supplemented with foreign nationals in the permanent resident population selected from the Central Migration Information System (CEMIS). Until 2009, this supplementary segment comprised 15,000 persons; since 2010, it has comprised 21,000 persons. The respondents are interviewed four times over a period of one and a half years.
Features registered
The SLFS is a survey of the permanent resident population aged 15 and over carried out at the national level as well as at the level of Switzerland's major regions.
The survey collects data on employment (present and past), reasons for economic inactivity (retirement, education, etc.), learned and practised profession, place of work and volume, working conditions (working hours, night work, weekend work), economic branch, employment and household income, job search (unemployment, underemployment), professional and geographical mobility, education and training, unpaid work (family and household work, volunteer activities, support from relatives, etc.), migration and social security.
Date survey conducted
The first survey took place in 1991. Until 2008, the survey was conducted in the second quarter, and in 2009 in the second, third and fourth quarters. Since 2010, it has been continuous. Until 2009, the data were evaluated annually; since 2010, they have been evaluated on a quarterly basis.
Footnotes and references
Federal Statistical Office (FSO), Swiss Labour Force Survey, Overview
External links
Federal Statistical Office (FSO), Welcome to the internet pages of the SLFS
See also
Labour Force Survey
Economy of Switzerland
Quantitative research
Unemployment in Switzerland
Social statistics data
Statistical data agreements
Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6–4, 7–6 to secure the title.
Seeds
Ramesh Krishnan (quarterfinals)
Amos Mansdorf (quarterfinals)
n/a
Matt Anger (second round)
Eddie Edwards (first round)
Broderick Dyke (second round)
Wally Masur (champion)
Nduka Odizor (semifinals)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1987 South Australian Open draw
Singles
Oak Hill is a suburban unincorporated community located in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Geography
Oak Hill is located in Fairfax County, just east of Washington Dulles International Airport and south of the Dulles Toll and Access Roads. The town of Herndon lies immediately to the north, while the unincorporated community of Chantilly is adjacent to Oak Hill in the south. Franklin Farm, Floris and McNair are census-designated places located within the larger Oak Hill community.
As an unincorporated area, Oak Hill's boundaries are not officially defined by either a municipal government, the government of Fairfax County, or the U.S. Census Bureau. The United States Postal Service defines Oak Hill's boundaries by way of its ZIP code, 20171.
Public facilities
Schools serving the Oak Hill area (but not necessarily in Oak Hill), include Oak Hill Elementary, Fox Mill Elementary, Floris Elementary, McNair Elementary, Lutie Lewis Coates Elementary, Navy Elementary, Crossfield Elementary, Franklin Middle School, Rachel Carson Middle School, Chantilly High School, South Lakes High School, Westfield High School, and Oakton High School.
The Oak Hill community is served by the Oak Hill post office. Mail may be addressed to Herndon or Oak Hill using zip code 20171.
Amenities include Frying Pan Farm Park, a working museum farm operated by Fairfax County Park Authority.
Notable residents
A. Scott Crossfield was the first pilot to fly at twice the speed of sound, and lived in what is now Oak Hill (then Herndon). The local elementary school, Crossfield Elementary (Home of the Rockets!), and adjacent park were named after Crossfield in honor of their active mind, commitment to education, and contributions to aeronautical science.
Charles Burlingame, pilot of the doomed American Airlines Flight 77 aircraft which was crashed by terrorists into the Pentagon during the September 11, 2001 attacks, resided in Oak Hill before their death.
See also
Oak Hill (Annandale, Virginia)
Oak Hill (James Monroe House)
Oak Hill (disambiguation)
Sources
Census Bureau Statistics for Oak Hill Zip Code area
External links
Oak Hill Plantation
Oak Hill property
Frying Pan Farm Park
Oak Hill Virginia News and Blog
Franklin Farm HOA
Franklin Oaks HOA
Chantilly Highlands HOA
Bradley Farms HOA
Great Oak HOA
Emerald Chase HOA
Fox Run HOA
Fox Mill Estates HOA
Unincorporated communities in Fairfax County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Washington metropolitan area
Frederick Duncan Michael Haldane (born 14 September 1951), known as F. Duncan Haldane, is a British-born physicist who is currently the Sherman Fairchild University Professor of Physics at Princeton University.  They are a co-recipient of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Physics, along with David J. Thouless and J. Michael Kosterlitz.
Education
Haldane was educated at St Paul's School, London and Christ's College, Cambridge, where they were awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree followed by a PhD in 1978 for research supervised by Philip Warren Anderson.
Career and research
Haldane worked as a physicist at Institut Laue–Langevin in France between 1977 and 1981. In August 1981, Haldane became an assistant professor of physics at the University of Southern California, where they remained until 1987. Haldane was then appointed as an associate professor of physics in 1981 and later a professor of physics in 1986. In July 1986, Haldane joined the department of physics at University of California, San Diego as a professor of physics, where they remained until February 1992. In 1990, Haldane was appointed as a professor of physics in the department of physics at Princeton University, where they remain to this day. In 1999, Haldane was named as the Eugene Higgins Professor of Physics. In 2017, they were named the Sherman Fairchild University Professor of Physics. In the period 2013-2018 Haldane also held a Distinguished Visiting Research Chair at Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics.
Haldane is known for a wide variety of fundamental contributions to condensed matter physics including the theory of Luttinger liquids, the theory of one-dimensional spin chains, the theory of fractional quantum hall effect, exclusion statistics, entanglement spectra and much more.
they are developing a new geometric description of the fractional quantum Hall effect that introduces the "shape" of the "composite boson", described by a "unimodular" (determinant 1) spatial metric-tensor field as the fundamental collective degree of freedom of Fractional quantum Hall effect (FQHE) states. This new "Chern-Simons + quantum geometry" description is a replacement for the "Chern-Simons + Ginzburg-Landau" paradigm introduced c.1990. Unlike its predecessor, it provides a description of the FQHE collective mode that agrees with the Girvin-Macdonald-Platzman "single-mode approximation".
Awards and honours
Haldane was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1996 and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (Boston) in 1992; a Fellow of the American Physical Society (1986) and a Fellow of the Institute of Physics (1996) (UK); a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (2001). Haldane was elected as a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences in 2017. They were awarded the Oliver E. Buckley Prize of the American Physical Society (1993); Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Research Fellow (1984–88); Lorentz Chair (2008), Dirac Medal (2012); Doctor Honoris Causae of the Université de Cergy-Pontoise (2015); Lise Meitner Distinguished Lecturer (2017); Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement (2017).
With David J. Thouless and J. Michael Kosterlitz, Haldane shared the 2016 Nobel Prize in Physics "for theoretical discoveries of topological phase transitions and topological phases of matter".
Personal life
Haldane is a British and Slovenian citizen and United States permanent resident. Haldane and their wife, Odile Belmont, live in Princeton, New Jersey.
Their father was a doctor in the British Army stationed on the Yugoslavia/Austria border and there they met young medicine student Ljudmila Renko, a Slovene, and subsequently married them and moved back to England where Duncan was born.
They received Slovenian citizenship at a ceremony at the Slovenian Embassy in Washington, DC on March 22, 2019.
See also
Fractional quantum Hall effect
Quantum spin Hall effect
Photonic topological insulator
Spin–charge separation
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
People educated at St Paul's School, London
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
Princeton University faculty
British physicists
21st-century American physicists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Nobel laureates in Physics
British Nobel laureates
American Nobel laureates
British people of Slovenian descent
American people of Slovenian descent
Rare earth scientists
Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize winners
Matthew A. "Mal" Bross (December 7, 1903 – February 8, 1989) was a running back in the National Football League.
Biography
Bross was born on December 7, 1903 in Great Falls, Montana.
Career
Bross played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1927 NFL season. Previously they had played with the Los Angeles Wildcats of the American Football League.
They played at the collegiate level at Gonzaga University.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
List of Los Angeles Wildcats players
References
1903 births
1989 deaths
American football running backs
Green Bay Packers players
Gonzaga Bulldogs football players
Los Angeles Wildcats players
Sportspeople from Great Falls, Montana
Players of American football from Montana
St. Mary's Mission was a Jesuit mission founded in 1847 along the Oregon Trail. The Pottawatomie Indian Pay Station was built in 1855 for use by government agents to pay an annuity to the Pottawatomie Indians who relocated to the area from the Great Lakes region. The city of St. Marys, Kansas was established around the mission. During the 19th and 20th centuries Native American children were often forced to attend Mission schools like St. Mary's. Potawatomi children were taken from their families in the 1860s and sent to St. Mary's Mission where they were left in the care of White Americans.
In popular culture
St. Mary's Mission is one of the stops in the video game Oregon Trail II.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
External links
History of The City of St. Marys
Jesuit churches in the United States
Former Roman Catholic church buildings in Kansas
Oregon Trail
Churches in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas
Religious organizations established in 1847
1847 establishments in Indian Territory
Potawatomi
Native American history of Kansas
Our Boots (foaled 1938) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. They won a Daily Racing Form poll to be voted the 1940 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt. The rival Turf & Sports Digest poll was topped by Whirlaway. They were sired by Bulldog, the 1943 Leading sire in North America, and was out of the English-born mare Maid of Arches.
Our Boots was owned and raced by the Woodvale Farm of Royce G. Martin, who bought them at the Saratoga Sales for $3,500. They were trained by Steve Judge. The colt's most important wins of their two-year-old championship season came in the Futurity Trial and the Futurity Stakes at Belmont Park, in which they defeated future U.S. Triple Crown winner and Hall of Fame inductee Whirlaway.
A winterbook favorite for the Kentucky Derby, Our Boots won the Blue Grass Stakes, then finished eighth in the Derby and third in the Preakness Stakes.
As a sire, Our Boots produced some offspring that met with modest racing success.
References
1938 racehorse births
Thoroughbred family 14-e
Racehorses bred in the United States
Racehorses trained in the United States
American Champion racehorses
Scottish Fuels is a distributor of fuel oil products and petrol within Scotland. It was formed in 2001 following the transfer of local assets from BP. Scottish Fuels is based in Falkirk and is owned by DCC plc, an Irish company.
References
External links
Official website
Oil and gas companies of Scotland
Companies based in Falkirk (council area)
Energy companies established in 2001
2001 establishments in Scotland
Jorge Alberto Lara Rivera (born 31 December 1966) is a Mexican lawyer and politician from the National Action Party. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District.
References
1966 births
Living people
Politicians from Mexico City
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
National Action Party (Mexico) politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Mexico City
Pune division (better known as Paschim Maharashtra or Desh) is one of the six administrative divisions of the Indian State of Maharashtra. Pune Division is bound by Konkan Division to the west, Nashik Division to the north, Aurangabad Division to the east, and the state of Karnataka to the south.
History of administrative districts in Pune division
There have been changes in the names of districts and has seen also the addition of newer districts after India gained Independence in 1947 and also after the state of Maharashtra was formed.
Notable events include the creation of Sangli district after merging former royal kingdoms of Miraj, Aundh, Sangli, Tasgaon, and Kurundwad.
The Second event includes the renaming of the erstwhile Poona district as Pune district.
The Solapur district is under proposal to be divided and a separate Pandharpur district be carved out of existing Solapur district, comprising talukas of Pandharpur, Sangola, Karmala, Mangalwedha, Malshiras and Madha in Solapur district and also talukas of Jath and Atpadi from neighbouring Sangli district, to create a new Pandharpur district.
The Pune district is under the proposal to be divided and a separate Baramati district be carved out of existing Pune district with the inclusion of the eastern parts of Pune district which include Shirur, Purandar, Daund, Baramati and Indapur talukas as well as Phaltan taluka from neighboring Satara district in the proposed Baramati district.
The Satara district is under the proposal to be divided and a separate Karad district be carved out of existing Satara district with the inclusion of Karad and Patan as well as talukas of Walwa, Kadegaon and Shirala from neighboring Sangli district in the proposed Karad district.
References
Divisions of Maharashtra
Batrachedra calator is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Mexico.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Carlos Burity (14 November 1952 – 12 August 2020) was an Angolan singer. They specialized in Semba music, a traditional Angolan style.
Burity died from respiratory problems on 12 August 2020.
Albums
AngolaRitmo (1990)
Carolina (1992)
Malalanza (2010)
References
1952 births
2020 deaths
20th-century Angolan male singers
People from Luanda
Evan Daugherty (born 1981) is an American screenwriter. They wrote the films Killing Season, Snow White and the Huntsman and the film adaptation of Divergent.
Career
Daugherty's first screenplay was Shrapnel. It won first place in the 2008 Script Pipeline contest and was featured in the 2008 Black List, for screenplays not yet made into films
Daugherty also wrote, directed, and edited the short film Rusty Forkblade, which won the 2007 Bronze Medal for Excellence at the Park City Film Music Festival. Warner Bros. announced in 2009 that John Stevenson, director of Kung Fu Panda, was working on a new He-Man film, Grayskull, with scripting duties handed to Daugherty.
Daugherty's original screenplay, Snow White and the Huntsman was sold to Universal Pictures for $3.2 million. It was later altered by John Lee Hancock and Hossein Amini. Daugherty's idea for Snow White and the Huntsman came from a homework assignment by their professor at New York University to "take a new spin on a classic fairytale". According to the Writer's Guild, they contributed 50%-60% of the screenplay, with Hancock and Amini each contributing 20%-25%.
Daugherty performed rewrites on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. In 2015 the film was nominated for five Golden Raspberry Awards, including The Worst Screenplay.
Daughtery was attached to a third G.I. Joe film for Paramount Pictures. They were also set to write and executive produce Esmeralda for ABC, based on The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, though no new details have since emerged. They contributed material to the 2018 reboot of Tomb Raider.
Filmography
See also
Notable alumni of St. Mark's School of Texas
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male screenwriters
American male writers
American screenwriters
St. Mark's School (Texas) alumni
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Theodoridis () is a Greek surname. It is a patronymic surname which literally means "the son of Theodoros (Theodore)".
Notable people with surname Theodoridis:
Anastasis Theodoridis, Greek journalist
Chrysanthos Theodoridis (1933–2005), Pontic Greek singer
Georgios Theodoridis (born 1972), Greek sprinter
Giorgos Theodoridis (born 1980), Greek footballer
Ioannis Theodoridis, Lufthansa Systems FMS Customer Support specialist
Natassa Theodoridou (born 1970), Greek singer
Savvas Theodoridis (1935–2020), Greek footballer
Sergios Theodoridis, Greek scientist
Stefanos Theodoridis (born 1950), Greek footballer
Thallis Theodoridis (disambiguation), multiple people
Theodoros Theodoridis, Greek fashion model
Vasileios Theodoridis, Greek journalist
Yannis Theodoridis, Greek scientist
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Elko is a double live album by the American band Railroad Earth. It was released in 2006 by Sugar Hill Records. It is the band's first official live album, and fourth album overall. Elko showcases the band's improvisational live performance style, as noted by Allmusic: "The question of whether or not Railroad Earth can jam, if it was really in doubt, is swiftly answered on [this] 126-minute collection of 12 songs, five of which run over ten minutes each."
The album was recorded during the band's spring 2005 tour. It marks the first official release of "The Hunting Song," "Old Man and the Land," "Elko" and "Warhead Boogie," songs which had previously only been available on fan-traded live show audience recordings. With the success of Elko, Railroad Earth began releasing complete concert recordings in physical and digital formats following the model established by The Grateful Dead and Phish. The band also permits recordings done by live audio tapers to be made freely available on the Internet Archive.
Track listing
Disc One
"Long Way to Go" (Sheaffer) - 6:20
"Colorado" (Goessling, Sheaffer) - 9:26
"Bird in a House" (Sheaffer) - 7:22
"The Hunting Song" (Fitzsimmons, Rymer, Sheaffer) - 11:56
"Old Man and the Land" (Calabrese, Sheaffer) - 6:57
"Head" (Sheaffer) - 15:41
Disc Two
"Elko" (Sheaffer) - 8:59
"Mighty River" (Sheaffer, Skehan) - 7:54
"Like a Buddha" (Carbone, Sheaffer, VonDollen) - 16:00
"Warhead Boogie" (Sheaffer) - 15:05
"Railroad Earth" (Sheaffer) - 6:00
"Seven Story Mountain" (Sheaffer) - 14:10
Note: the limited edition Japan release of Elko includes the bonus track "Luxury Liner" on Disc One.
Personnel
Railroad Earth
Tim Carbone - violin, vocals
Andy Goessling - banjo, dobro, flute, guitar, mandolin, vocals, tin whistle
Johnny Grubb - bass, vocals
Carey Harmon - drums, vocals
Todd Sheaffer - guitar, vocals
John Skehan - mandolin, vocals
Production
Package and layout design - Mark Berger
Mastered by - Fred Kevorkian
Mixed by - John Skehan, Johnny Grubb, Todd Sheaffer
Recorded by - Johnny Grubb, Mike Partridge
References
External links
Railroad Earth official website
Railroad Earth albums
2006 live albums
Sugar Hill Records live albums
Loanda is a city in the northwestern region of Paraná, one of Brazil's southern states. As of 2020, the estimated population was 23,242.
References
Municipalities in Paraná
Kyle Davis may refer to:
Kyle Davis (actor) (born 1978), American actor
Kyle Davis (American football) (born 1952), former American football center
Kyle Davis (table tennis) (born 1989), Australian table tennis player
Kyle Davis (soccer), American soccer player
Kyle Davis (basketball) for Rio Grande Valley Vipers
Kyle Davis (golfer) in Pennsylvania Open Championship
Kyle Davis, dancer at the Pacific Northwest Ballet
See also
Kyle Davies (disambiguation)
Yukarıörenbaşı is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 100 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Giovanni Pérez (born 29 June 1964) is a Guatemalan boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, they lost to Kennedy McKinney of the United States.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Guatemalan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Guatemala
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
This article contains a complete list of Michelin starred restaurants in Los Angeles and Southern California. Michelin published restaurant guides for Los Angeles in 2008 and 2009 but suspended the publication in 2010. In 2019, Michelin published a guide covering the entire state of California, awarding stars to 24 restaurants in Greater Los Angeles and Southern California. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and wildfires in California, the French tire company's restaurant guide took a hiatus in 2020, but returned the following year, with coverage for the entire State of California.
2021
The 2021 edition of the Michelin Guide covers the whole state of California.
2008-2020
The 2019 and 2021 edition of the Michelin Guide covers the whole state of California.
References
Lists of restaurants
Restaurants in Los Angeles
Los Angeles
Los Angeles-related lists
Restaurants in California
Restaurants in Orange County, California
Zickrick is a township in Jones County, South Dakota, United States. It is above sea level.
References
Townships in Jones County, South Dakota
Townships in South Dakota
Robin Lässer (born 12 January 1991) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Germany.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1991 births
Living people
German motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Electronic document and records management system (EDRMS) is a type of content management system and refers to the combined technologies of document management and records management systems as an integrated system.
Use
Electronic document and records management is used by organizations to manage documents and records throughout the document life-cycle, from creation to destruction.
Typically, systems consider a document or file to be a work-in-progress until it has undergone review, approval, lock-down, and (potentially) publication, where it will wait to be used. The version of the form that is saved containing user content will become a formal record within the organization.
Once a document achieves the status of a record, the organization may apply best-practice or legally enforced retention policies which state how the second half of the record life-cycle will progress. This typically involves retention (and protection from change), until some events occur which relate to the record and which trigger the final disposition schedule to apply to the record. Eventually, typically at a set time after these events, the record undergoes destruction.
EDRMS software
A range of software vendors offer these systems at an enterprise level (i.e. targeted at managing all documents and records within an enterprise).
These vendors have historically provided electronic document management systems and have acquired smaller records management system companies. The seamlessness of the integration and the original intention of the records-management component to manage electronic records typically sets the complexity of deploying and potentially of using the final system.
Associated technologies
Business process management (BPM)
Case management and matter management
Enterprise content management (ECM)
Scanning
Web content management (WCM)
Professional organizations
Professional organizations for documents and records include:
Association for Information and Image Management (AIIM)
Association of Records Managers and Administrators (ARMA International)
Business Forms Management Association (BFMA)
Information and Records Management Society (IRMS)
Nuclear Information & Records Management Association (NIRMA)
Records and Information Management Professionals Australasia (RIMPA)
References
Content management systems
Information management
Records management
Records management technology
The was a mountain gun used as a general-purpose infantry support gun by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II. It superseded the Type 41 75 mm mountain gun to become the standard pack artillery piece of Japanese infantry divisions. It was superior to the Type 41 in range and in weight. The Type 94 number was designated for the year the gun was accepted, 2594 in the Japanese imperial year calendar, or 1934 in the Gregorian calendar.
History and development
Combat experience with the Type 41 mountain gun during the invasion of Manchuria indicated to the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff that the existing primary mountain gun lacked not only in firepower and accuracy, but also was not as easily transportable under difficult terrain as had been hoped. The army technical bureau was assigned a project to develop a replacement in 1931. The first prototype was tested in 1932, and the design released for production by September 1934 as the "Type 94". However, plans to re-equip all artillery regiments with the new weapon were continually postponed due to budgetary priorities.
Design
The Type 94 75 mm mountain gun had a single-piece gun barrel with a sliding breechblock based on German Krupp designs, and a long split-trail carriage with spade plates for stabilizers with a hydro-pneumatic recoil mechanism based on French Schneider designs. The crew was partially protected by a gun shield made of 1/8-inch (3 mm) thick armor plate. It had pintle traverse, and an equalizing arrangement which gave it three-point suspension. Since it was trunnioned at the center of balance, it did not require equilibrators. It could be fired with trails closed or open.
The gun could be broken down into eleven pack loads within three to five minutes for transport by animals or men. The heaviest component weighed 210 pounds (95 kg), and the weapon was intended to be transported by six pack horses, or 18 men (although during the Bougainville campaign of 1943–1945 it was carried by 41 men because of the extremely difficult terrain on Bougainville). In daylight, the gun could be reassembled within 10 minutes and disassembled in from three to five minutes. The tasks also could be performed at night after the parts were rubbed with luminous bark, but took five to 10 minutes longer.
The gun fired the same projectiles as other 75 mm pieces and had a cartridge case identical in length with that used in the Type 38 75 mm field gun. This case was longer than that used in the Type 41 mountain gun because the propelling charge used in Model 94 ammunition was less than that used in the ammunition for the Type 38, and firing the Type 38's ammunition from the Type 94 would damage the gun. The Type 38 lacked both a howitzer trajectory and varying charges with which to adjust the trajectory of rounds it fired, and this increased the dead space for the Model 94 when it fired in mountainous terrain. The Type 94's counterrecoil was said to be so slow when the piece was fired at elevations above 30° that, rather than fire above that elevation, the artillery battery displaced forward to maintain a higher rate of fire.
Ammunition
High-explosive
M94 with of TNT and M88 impact or delay fuses.
"A" with picric acid and dinitro and M3 combination fuse
"B" with of picric acid and dinitro and M88 impact or delay fuse
M90/97 with of TNT and M88 impact or delay fuse
M90 pointed They with TNT and M88 impact or delay fuse
Armor-piercing
M95 APHE with of picric acid and dinitro M95 small AP base fuse
Shrapnel
M90 shrapnel with of black powder with M5 combination fuse
M38 shrapnel with of black powder with M3 combination fuse
Chemical
Star
M90 illumination with M5 combination fuse
Incendiary
M90 incendiary with black powder and M5 combination fuse
Smoke
M90 smoke with of picric acid and dinitro with M88 impact fuse
Combat record
Type 94 75 mm mountain gun was used extensively in Manchukuo during the Pacification of Manchukuo (1931–1942) and in China during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945). It was also assigned to units in the Southern Expeditionary Army and was sited in defensive positions on islands throughout the Netherlands East Indies and the South Seas Mandate. It was one of the most common weapons encountered by Allied forces in the closing stages of World War II.
Both North Korea′s Korean People's Army and the People's Republic of China′s People's Volunteer Army used Chinese copies of the Type 94 during the Korean War (1950–1953).
Notes
References
Bishop, Chris (eds) The Encyclopedia of Weapons of World War II. Barnes & Nobel. 1998.
Chant, Chris. Artillery of World War II, Zenith Press, 2001,
McLean, Donald B. Japanese Artillery; Weapons and Tactics. Wickenburg, Ariz.: Normount Technical Publications 1973. .
Mayer, S.L. The Rise and Fall of Imperial Japan. The Military Press (1884)
War Department Special Series No 25 Japanese Field Artillery October 1944
US Department of War, TM 30-480, Handbook on Japanese Military Forces, Louisiana State University Press, 1994.
External links
Taki's Imperial Japanese Army
US Technical Manual E 30-480
75mm Type 94 mountain gun walkaround with extensive photos
75mm Type 94 mountain gun preserved in Vladivostok walkaround
World War II field artillery
75 mm artillery
9
Pack artillery
World War II mountain artillery
Military equipment introduced in the 1930s
Sorolopha brunnorbis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Burma and Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is olive grey and the strigulation (fine streaks) is brownish grey. The hindwings are brown but paler towards the base.
Etymology
The name refers to the large blotch of the forewing and is derived from Latin brunneus (meaning brown) and orbis (meaning disc).
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Lunn Poly was, at one time, the largest chain of travel agents in the United Kingdom.
History
The company originated from two successful travel agencies established in the 1890s, the Polytechnic Touring Association and Sir Henry Lunn Travel. Both firms were acquired in the 1950s by the British Eagle airline group, and combined into Lunn Poly in 1965.
It became a nationalised industry as part of the Transport Holding Company (THC). In June 1971, Sunair bought Lunn Poly from the THC for £175,000. In 1972, the company became part of Thomson Travel Group.
Lunn Poly became an early trade innovator, by splitting its leisure and business travel. High street shops concentrated on package holidays, specialized offices were structured to serve the needs of business and industry. This business model was highly successful throughout the 1970s and 1980s. By the mid-1990s it was the largest travel agency in the UK.
When TUI UK, which had acquired Thomson Travel, rebranded Britannia Airways as Thomsonfly in November 2003, the company insisted that there were no plans to rebrand Lunn Poly. On 2 November 2004, however, the announcement was made that all 800 Lunn Poly shops in the United Kingdom were to be rebranded as Thomson.
Lunn Poly was famous for a long running advertising campaign on television. These commercials featured people looking into what holidays the company offered. Another person would then say to them in disbelief "Lunn Poly? Get away!", at which point the person would disappear into thin air and end up at a vacation spot.
References
Travel and holiday companies of the United Kingdom
Tourism in the United Kingdom
Lalit Kishore Chaturvedi (2 August 1931 – 5 April 2015) was an Indian politician who was a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader in Rajasthan. They were a member of the Rajya Sabha. They were cabinet minister in earlier state BJP ministries with responsibilities of important portfolios.
They were earlier state president of Bharatiya Janata Party, Rajasthan (1988 & 2003).
They had a Master of Science degree in physics.
References
External links
Parliament of India member homepage
Rajya Sabha members from Rajasthan
1931 births
2015 deaths
Indians imprisoned during the Emergency (India)
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Rajasthan
Rajya Sabha members from the Bharatiya Janata Party
Sebastian Adayantharath (born 5 April 1957) is a Syro-Malabar Catholic bishop.  They are the current bishop of Mandya and also a former auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly.
Biography
Early life
Mar Sebastian Adayantharath was born on 5 April 1957 of Ouseph Chacko and Thresiamma at Vaikom, Kerala. They had their school education at St Joseph's LP School and St Theresa's High School, Vaikom from 1963 to 1973. They joined the Sacred Heart Minor Seminary of the Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly on 1 July 1973. Three years later they were sent to the Papal Seminary, Pune where they did their seminary studies from 1976 to 1983 and was ordained priest on 18 December 1983 by Bishop Mar Sebastian Mankuzhikary at St Joseph's Pontifical Seminary, Alwaye.
Career
After their ordination, Fr. Adayantharath took a master's degree in Theology from Jnana-Deepa Vidyapeeth, Pune. During their priestly ministry in the archdiocese they served as parish priest and secretary to the late Cardinal Mar Antony Padiyara. They serve on the Board of Trustees of 'Save A Family Plan' organization in Canada.
Their appointment as Bishop Auxiliary of Ernakulam-Angamaly and Titular Bishop of Macriana Maior (in ancient Byzantium, Turkey) was announced on 4 February 2002 and they were consecrated Bishop on 20 April 2002 by Major Archbishop Cardinal Mar Varkey Vithayathil at St Mary's Cathedral Basilica, Ernakulam. In the wake of an investigation surrounding a controversial land deal which allegedly resulted in the Archdiocese losing $10 million, Bishop Manathodath was appointed the apostolic administrator of Ernakulam-Angamaly in June 2018. After their term ended, Cdl. Alencherry resumed office on 27 June 2019 and Bishop Adayanthrath and co-Auxiliary Bishop Jose Puthenveetil were moved out of the archdiocese. Unlike Cdl. Alencherry, Bishop Adayantharath did not face criminal charges and was later appointed as the Bishop of Syro-Malabar Eparchy of Mandya by the Holy Synod of Syro-Malabar Catholic Church and Pope Francis on 30 August 2019.
See also
Catholic Church in India
References
External links
Archdiocese of Ernakulam
President, Board of Trustees (India), Save-a-family Plan
Catholic Hierarchy
1957 births
Malayali people
Christian clergy from Kottayam
Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly
Syro-Malabar bishops
Living people
Syro-Malabar Catholics
People from Vaikom
Mount Karthala or Karthola ( Al Qirṭālah) is an active volcano and the highest point of the Comoros at above sea level. It is the southernmost and larger of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island, the largest island in the nation of the Comoros. The Karthala volcano is very active, having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century. Frequent eruptions have shaped the volcano's 3 km by 4 km summit caldera, but the island has largely escaped broad destruction. Eruptions on April 17, 2005 and May 29, 2006 ended a period of quiet.
Volcanic activity
April 2005 eruption
The eruption, which carried a risk of lava flows and deadly volcanic gas, caused the evacuation of 30,000 residents. The crater was clearly changed by the eruption. A grey field of ash surrounds the crater and the caldera itself seems larger and deeper. The crater lake, which formed after Karthala's last eruption in 1991 and once dominated the caldera, is now gone completely. In its place were rough, dark grey rocks, possibly cooling lava or rubble from the collapsed crater.
May 2006 activity
On May 29, Reuters reported that residents of Moroni could see lava spewing at the top of the volcano. Within a few days the volcanic activity subsided.
Flora and fauna
The mountain is covered by intact moist evergreen forest from 1200 metres to about 1800 metres above sea-level. Higher up the vegetation consists of stunted trees and heathland where the giant heather Erica comorensis grows. The mountain's forest is threatened by logging and the spread of agriculture. Many of the species found on the mountain are unique to the Comoros and four bird species are found only on the slopes of Mount Karthala: Grand Comoro drongo, Humblot's flycatcher, Karthala scops owl, and Karthala white-eye.
Important Bird Area
A tract encompassing the upper slopes and summit of the mountain has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International, because it supports populations of Comoros blue pigeons, Comoros fodies, Comoros olive pigeons, Comoros thrushes, Grand Comoro brush warblers, Grand Comoro bulbuls, Grand Comoro drongos, Humblot's flycatchers, Humblot's sunbirds, Karthala scops owls, Karthala white-eyes, and Malagasy harriers.
Karthala National Park
Karthala National Park protects an area of 262.14 km2 on the mountain. It was designated in 2010.
See also
List of Ultras of Africa
Notes
References
Downloaded 27/02/07.
Active volcanoes
Highest points of countries
Important Bird Areas of the Comoros
Mountains of the Comoros
Polygenetic shield volcanoes
Ramsar sites in the Comoros
Volcanic crater lakes
Volcanoes of the Comoros
Karthala
Nashik division is one of the six divisions of India's Maharashtra state and is also known as North Maharashtra. The historic Khandesh region covers the northern part of the division, in the valley of the Tapti River. Nashik Division is bound by Konkan Division and the state of Gujarat to the west, Madhya Pradesh state to the north, Amravati Division and Marathwada (Aurangabad Division) to the east, and Pune Division to the south.
Districts
Ahmednagar District
Dhule District
Jalgaon District
Nandurbar District
Nashik District
Subdivisions
There are 54 tehsils of 5 Districts are divided into 28 subdivisions in Nashik division.
Transport
Air
Nashik Airport is well connected by direct flights to Pune and Ahmedabad.
Jalgaon Airport is well connected by direct flights to Mumbai and Ahmedabad.
Shirdi Airport is an airport in Ahmednagar district.
Rail
Nashik Road, Bhusawal and Jalgaon are major railway stations in the region.
List of Divisional Commissioner
J.G. Rajadhyaksha 20-02-1981 to 30-09-1984
J. D. Jadhav 12-12-1984 to 01-12-1985
Leena Mehendale 28-06-1994 to 28-11-1995
Kishore Gajbhiye 19-01-2004 to 05-01-2004
Eknath Dawale 11-02-2014
References
External links
http://www.jalgaon.co.in
https://web.archive.org/web/20150405153304/http://www.nashik.nic.in/htmldocs/disoverview.htm
Divisions of Maharashtra
Rankine Rock is a rock lying 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) north of Cox Nunatak at the north extremity of Dufek Massif, Pensacola Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for David F. Rankine, Jr., photographer with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 during Operation Deep Freeze 1964.
Rock formations of Queen Elizabeth Land
Mauricio Flores Rios (born September 10, 1990, in Valparaiso) is a Chilean chess player who holds the Grandmaster title. As of January 2015 they have a FIDE rating of 2531, is number 1 in Chile among active players.
In 2009 Mauricio Flores Rios moved to Brownsville, Texas after being recruited by the University of Texas at Brownsville. They played for UT Brownsville at the Final Four (President's Cup) of 2009, 2010 and 2011, as well as the Pan-American Intercollegiate of 2009-2012.
In 2015, Flores Rios published the book Chess Structures - a Grandmaster Guide, providing a study of the 28 most recurring pawn structures in chess practice.
Career
They played for Chile in three Chess Olympiads.
In 2006, at fifth board in 37th Chess Olympiad in Turin (-2 +1 =1).
In 2012, at third board in 40th Chess Olympiad in Istanbul (+3 -3 =2).
In 2014, at second board, in 41st Chess Olympiad in Tromso(+3 -2 =4)
Titles
1st in the Pan American Sub 16 de Cuenca, Ecuador. (August 2006)
1st in the Pan American Sub 18 de Cordova, Argentina. (July 2008)
1st in Southwest Collegiate Championships (March 2009)
6th Continental Championship in São Paulo, Brazil. (August 2009)
1st in US Class Chess Championship (2010)
1st in Montcada International Open, Spain. (July 2013)
Notable games
Mauricio Flores vs Vladimir Burmakin, 2013, Slav Defense: General (D10), 1-0
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Chess grandmasters
Chilean chess players
Philip Edgar King (June 22, 1936 – January 18, 1973) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the New York Giants, Pittsburgh Steelers, and the Minnesota Vikings. They played college football at Vanderbilt University (1955–57) and was drafted in the first round (twelfth overall) of the 1958 NFL Draft. They were nicknamed "The Chief" due to their Native American heritage.
College
Phil King was a starting running back at Vanderbilt. They were one of the top SEC conference backs and played in five NFL championship games in six seasons with the New York Giants. They were (All-State), basketball and baseball at Dyersburg (TN) High School.
At Vanderbilt King played for Coach Art Guepe, missed their entire first-year student season due to a back injury, in 1955 their sophomores year they gained 628 rushing yards (6.4 yards per carry). They were named Third Team All-SEC and All-South by International News Service.
In the 1955 season the Commodores played in the Gator Bowl (27-13 win over Auburn), Vanderbilt football's first-ever postseason game. King scored a touchdown but a penalty on the play wiped it out. King also played defensive back. A Vanderbilt press release wrote about King, "In the broken field King flashes their quick, elusive speed of the deer, but at the line of scrimmage they use the crunching power of the buffalo. On defense they cut down a runner with the sudden slash of a bear, or leaps to snare a pass out of the air with the keenness of the eagle."
Known to their teammates as "Chief" because of their Cherokee Indian ancestry, King was described as an "unusually versatile runner with both power and speed; they are a rugged tackler and a dangerous threat on pass defense; they are a capable passer and a great receiver; they are a powerful punter, a tremendous kick-off man, and a cool kicker on vital extra points."
In King's junior year, they were voted All-SEC (First Team) honors they led the Commodores in rushing (651 yards), with punt returns (247 yards), kickoff returns (137 yards) and scoring (47 points). King was 5-of-7 on PAT's while scoring seven touchdowns. A Vanderbilt press release dated November 15, 1956 reported on King's toughness and determination during the 1956 season: "King was invited to play in the Blue-Gray Classic and the Senior Bowl and named an Academic All-American. Playing in an era of dominating defenses, conservative offenses and fewer games, King's 1,717 career-rushing yards would rank them as one of the top Commodores' running backs in history."
NFL
King was selected in the first round of the 1958 NFL Draft with the No. 12 pick overall by The New York Giants. In the 1958 season, King was selected as the NFL Rookie of the Year while rushing for 316 yards (83 attempts), 134 yards receiving (11 receptions) and one rushing touchdown. King was a back-up to Frank Gifford. While with the Giants the team made it to the NFL Championship game with the Baltimore Colts. Considered "The Greatest Game Played" the Colts defeated the Giants 23-17 in sudden death overtime. They also played in the NFL Championship games with the Giants in 1959 (Colts 31 Giants 16), 1961 (Packers 37 Giants 0), 1962 (Packers 16 Giants 7) and 1963 (Bears 14 Giants 10). In the 1963 NFL championship game, King played against former Vanderbilt quarterback Bill Wade who scored the Bears only two touchdowns in the Chicago victory. King finished their NFL career with Pittsburgh (1964) and Minnesota (1965–66). Their NFL career totals include 103 games, 2,192 yards (569 carries, 3.9 avg.), 16 touchdowns (seven rushing) with their longest run from scrimmage 50 yards. King was inducted into the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame in 1976.
Death
January 20, 1973, Page 22 The New York Times wrote:
"Phil King, a running back for the New York Giants during their glory years from 1958 through 1963 when the team won five Eastern Division titles in the National Football League, died in Memphis Thursday (January 18, 1973) of what was reported as an accidental gunshot wound in the head. The police said the 36‐year‐old King, a salesperson from Nashville, died when a .38‐caliber pistol discharged while they were handling it. They were rushed to a hospital after being found in a Memphis motel room. They had been shot above the right ear.
King worked for a company in New Jersey, but living in Nashville at the time of their death. King is buried at Woodlawn Memorial Park and Mausoleum in Nashville TN.
The Tennessean sports writer John Bibb wrote at the time of King's death:
"I'll leave the stories of Phil King's football accomplishments to the record books and the newspaper files. They are in abundance, detailing a career of successes from high school and college right on through the professional game.
"There is another Phil King story you should know. It has nothing to do with the crowded stadiums in which they played. It has nothing to do with the delightful easy-going way they had of making a friend laugh, even at an old story.
"It has nothing to do with the way they put their words together to mesmerize an audience when they explained the virtues of college athletics, 'and what my scholarship meant to me.' It has to do instead with a guy who was never too busy to overlook a chance to help somebody.
"Yesterday Jess Neely [Vandy AD at the time and former Rice head football coach], one of King's favorites and a man who had tried to recruit Phil for Rice University back in 1953 was talking about the tragedy in Memphis. 'You know, I can't help but to remember Phil and the recent Sunday where we were getting all that snow,' said Coach Neely. 'Dorothy (Mrs. Neely) had put some food out for the birds in our back yard. They glanced out the window and noticed a big dog coming through the yard.
"'She was sure the dog was going to get the bird food, so they asked me to chase them away. I went outside, and there was Phil and a couple of youngsters. They had climbed the hill to our home.
"'Coach,' they said, 'I know it's going to be tough for you and Mrs. Neely to get out of here if the snow keeps falling. We're walking to the store and stopped to see if you needed anything we might bring back.'"
"For Phil King there was no hill either steep, no block either difficult if it meant helping a friend. Few Vanderbilt athletes have been respected, admired and loved than Phil King. Their teammates are coming from all corners of the country to be in Nashville on this sad day. One of them is Joe Stephenson, a senior end on the Gator Bowl team with King.
"'Looking back, Phil, although just a sophomore, was really one of us from the start,' said Stephenson. 'He didn't gain as much yardage their junior year as they did as a sophomore. All of the Gator Bowl line, except Art Demmas had graduated.
"'When we would ask them how things were going the next year (1956), Phil would laugh and say, 'the holes are a little smaller than usual, but The Chief can get through.'"
References
1936 births
1973 deaths
People from Dyersburg, Tennessee
American football running backs
Vanderbilt Commodores football players
New York Giants players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Minnesota Vikings players
Accidental deaths in Tennessee
Deaths by firearm in Tennessee
Firearm accident victims in the United States
The Tym () is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai and Tomsk Oblast in Russia, right tributary of the Ob. The length of the river is , and it drains a basin of . The Tym freezes up in October to early November and stays icebound until late April to May. It is navigable within of its estuary.
References
Rivers of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Rivers of Tomsk Oblast
Coiro is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Angie Coiro (21st century), American radio personality
Eloisa Coiro (born 2000); Italian middle-distance runner
Kat Coiro, American film director, producer, and screenwriter
Rhys Coiro (born 1979), American television and stage actor
See also
Corio (surname)
Types of natural phenomena include:
Weather, fog, thunder, tornadoes; biological processes, decomposition, germination; physical processes, wave propagation, erosion; tidal flow, moonbow, blood moon and natural disasters such as electromagnetic pulses, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, midnight sun and polar night.
Physical phenomena
The act of:
Freezing
Boiling
Gravity
Magnetism
Gallery
Chemical phenomena
Oxidation
Fire
Rusting
Biological phenomena
Metabolism
Catabolism
Anabolism
Decomposition – by which organic substances are broken down into a much simpler form of matter
Fermentation – converts sugar to acids, gases and/or alcohol.
Growth
Birth
Death
Population decrease
Gallery
Astronomical phenomena
Supernova
Geological phenomena
Gallery
Meteorological phenomena
Violent meteorological phenomena are called storms. Regular, cyclical phenomena include seasons and atmospheric circulation. climate change is often semi-regular.
Atmospheric optical phenomena
Aurora
Crepuscular rays
Green flash
Haze
Ice blink
Light pillar
Moonbow
Moon dog
Rainbow
Subsun
Sun dog
Water sky
Monochrome Rainbow
Oceanographic
Oceanographic phenomena include tsunamis, ocean currents and breaking waves.
gallery
See also
Act of God
Electrical phenomena
Materialism
Midnight Sun
Black Holes
Natural Environment
Nature
Transient lunar phenomenon
References
Atmospheric optical phenomena
Earth phenomena
Geography terminology
Nature-related lists
Douglas Thornley is an American architect.  They are a principal at Goring & Straja Architects in San Francisco, California in the United States. Previously, Thornley was a lead architect at Gould Evans Architects and Baum Thornley Architects prior to a merger with Gould Evans Architects. They have designed private residencies and wineries. Their first winery work was in 1998.  They are also known for their kitchen design in homes and commercial establishments, including a home designed by Joseph Eichler.
Notable projects
Cuvaison, Napa Valley and Calistoga, California
Lynmar Estate, Sebastopol, California
Moggridge Residence, Woodside, California
Paraduxx Winery, Napa, California
Brown Residence, San Francisco, California, 2005
Ma(i)sonry Napa Valley, Yountville, California, 2008
References
Living people
Architects from California
People from the San Francisco Bay Area
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fannin County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 23,682. It is one of the most rural counties in Georgia due its location in the Appalachian Mountain Range, with about 90% of the population of Fannin County living in unincorporated lands. The county seat is Blue Ridge. The county was created on January 21, 1854 and is named after James Fannin, a veteran who fought in the Texas Revolution.
History
Prior to European colonization, the area that is now Fannin County was inhabited by the Cherokee people and other Indigenous peoples for thousands of years.
Fannin County was founded on January 12, 1854, taken from 396 square miles that were previously part of Gilmer and Union counties. The county is named for Georgia native James W. Fannin, who fought and died during the Texas Revolution.
Although the county was majority pro-secession at the beginning of the Civil War, wartime conditions inspired a notable number of anti-Confederate "Tories" as early as 1862, many of whom re-located to pro-Union areas of Tennessee for the duration. This contributed to the postwar establishment of a countywide Republican Party earlier and more sustained than almost any other county in Georgia.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water. The county is located in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
The Toccoa River, which rises in adjacent Union County, flows northward across Fannin County into Tennessee, where it becomes the Ocoee River. Blue Ridge Lake, created in the 1930s by the completion of Blue Ridge Dam (now operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority), spans a substantial stretch of the river in the northern part of the county.
The vast majority of Fannin County is located in the Ocoee River sub-basin of the Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin. A very small northeastern portion of Fannin County is located in the Hiwassee River sub-basin of the same Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin. Illustrating that watershed boundaries and county boundaries have little in common, Fannin County's southernmost corner is located in the Etowah River sub-basin in the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin), while two slivers of the county's southwestern area are located in the Coosawattee River sub-basin of the same larger ACT River Basin. Finally, a western portion of the county is located in the Conasauga River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin.
Adjacent counties
Cherokee County, North Carolina - northeast
Union County - east
Dawson County - southeast
Lumpkin County - southeast
Gilmer County - southwest
Murray County - west
Polk County, Tennessee - north
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 76
State Route 2
State Route 5
State Route 60
State Route 60 Spur
State Route 515
Secondary highways
Old U.S. Highway 76 Also Old S.R. 2
Loving Road
Old S.R. 2
Aska Road
Madola Road
Lebanon Road
Mobile Road
Curtis Switch Road
Galloway Road
Doublehead Gap Road
Skeenah Gap Road
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 19,798 people, 8,369 households, and 6,008 families living in the county. The population density was 51 people per square mile (20/km2). There were 11,134 housing units at an average density of 29 per square mile (11/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 99.9% White, 0.2% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.0% from other races, and 0.0% from two or more races. 0.0% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,369 households, out of which 25.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.80% were married couples living together, 8.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.20% were non-families. 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.80.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.90% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 24.90% from 25 to 44, 28.20% from 45 to 64, and 19.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 93.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,612, and the median income for a family was $35,258. Males had a median income of $28,728 versus $21,246 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,269. About 10.20% of families and 12.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.10% of those under age 18 and 14.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 23,682 people, 10,187 households, and 7,016 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 16,207 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.1% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 18.6% were Irish, 13.3% were American, 11.5% were English, and 9.5% were German.
Of the 10,187 households, 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.2% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.1% were non-families, and 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.77. The median age was 48.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,145 and the median income for a family was $41,422. Males had a median income of $34,875 versus $27,097 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,103. About 12.2% of families and 16.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.0% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 25,319 people, 10,408 households, and 7,083 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Blue Ridge
McCaysville
Morganton
Census-designated places
Epworth
Mineral Bluff (incorporated until 1995)
Unincorporated communities
Hemptown
Politics
Politically, Fannin County is a massive outlier in Georgia. As an entirely white highland county historically devoid of slaves, it is one of the few ancestrally Republican counties in a state that was heavily Democratic nationally until the 1960s and at other levels well into the 1990s. Since the 1870s it has been solidly Republican, displaying voting patterns similar to those of East Tennessee. Fannin was the only county in the Deep South that never voted for Franklin D. Roosevelt. The only three Democrats to win an absolute majority in the county since the Civil War have been Samuel J. Tilden in 1876, William Jennings Bryan in 1900 and Georgia native Jimmy Carter in 1976 when they carried every county in their home state. Besides Carter, Woodrow Wilson was the only Democrat to win even a plurality of the county's vote in the 20th century. Bill Clinton is the last Democrat to win even 40 percent of the county's vote.
The current county government consists of a three-member county commission consisting of a chairperson and commissioners representing two posts.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fannin County, Georgia
References
External links
Fannin County Chamber of Commerce
The News Observer
Fannin County Website
Fannin County historical marker
1854 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
The St. Cuthbert's Co-operative Society was a consumers' co-operative in Scotland. Taking its name from St Cuthbert's Church, Edinburgh, it opened its first shop in Ponton Street, Fountainbridge, Edinburgh in 1859. The society was part of the co-operative movement and followed the Rochdale Principles with the aim of providing decent food at affordable prices in a shop controlled by its customers as a co-operative.
As early as 1913, St. Cuthbert's had bought the Cliftonhall Estate which was almost 970 acres in area. In 1918, four more farms were bought on the Newtonhall Estate and in 1919, 780 acres were purchased at Bonnington, all near Ratho at that time in Midlothian. By 1949 the Association owned over three thousand acres of land.
St Cuthbert's expanded to become one of the largest societies in the British co-operative movement, employing some 3,000 at its peak. It had a bakery and a dairy in Fountainbridge. The dairy used horse-drawn delivery floats until 1985, and between 1944 and 1950 employed the future actor Sean Connery as a milkman, earning them their nickname "the Edinburgh Milkman".
St Cuthbert's had many shops throughout Edinburgh, including a department store in Bread Street which was built in three stages to designs by three architects: John McLachlan in 1892; Thomas P. Marwick in 1898 and 1914 and Thomas Waller Marwick in 1936. The 1930s section features a glass 'curtain wall', the first of its kind in Scotland, in contrast to the stone facades of its late 19th-/early 20th-century neighbours. The store closed in the early 1990s and buildings were converted for use as the Point Hotel and Conference Centre in 1999.
In 1981 St Cuthbert's amalgamated with the Dalziel Society of Motherwell being renamed the Scottish Midland Co-operative Society, for short Scotmid.
External links
Scotmid History — Where it all Began
From the Co-op with love.. the days Sir Sean earned £1 a week
Photographs by Peter Stubbs - St Cuthbert's Co-op Milk Deliveries
Retail companies established in 1859
Retail companies disestablished in 1981
Companies based in Edinburgh
Former co-operatives of the United Kingdom
Supermarkets of the United Kingdom
Consumers' co-operatives of the United Kingdom
1859 establishments in Scotland
Co-operatives in Scotland
1981 disestablishments in Scotland
Captured by a Voice (Swedish: Fångad av en röst) is a 1943 Swedish comedy film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Rut Holm, Åke Grönberg and Bengt Logardt. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bertil Duroj.
Cast
Rut Holm as Concordia Blomkvist
Åke Grönberg as Nicke Blom
Marianne Inger as Britt Linde
Bengt Logardt as Dick Grabe
Nils Lundell as Peter Torberg
Artur Rolén as Flodell
Carl Hagman as Jansson
Gerd Mårtensson as Karin Hall
Sten Lindgren as Justus Larsson
Linnéa Hillberg as Mrs. Grabe
Anna-Lisa Baude as Mrs. Möller
Henrik Schildt as Nils Ferlin
Georg Skarstedt as Lindgren
Gunnel Wadner as Maid
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1943 films
Swedish comedy films
1943 comedy films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
Mall of Amritsar (previously known as Alpha One Mall) is a shopping mall situated on GT Road, Amritsar, Punjab, India developed by Alpha G Group and is the third largest mall in the Indian State of Punjab. The mall covering five floors, including 250+ brands and is spread over a total area of with gross sizeable area of about .
Construction
The Mall was designed by ARCOP and opened to public in 2009. The mall was strategically located closely to the New Amritsar economic zone. The complex of mall also hosts the 5 star luxury hotel Hyatt Regency Amritsar which stands adjacent to the building of the mall. The hotel, with over 248 rooms is one of the largest hotels in the city.
Acquisition
Alpha G Group, the original developer of the mall later sold the mall to Blackstone in December 2015 along with its Alpha One Mall, Ahmedabad which rebranded the mall to "Mall of Amritsar" for a deal costing Rs. 800 Crore.
Entertainment
The Mall offers a complete package of entertainment and shopping experience for its visitors. As of now, the Mall is undergoing a surreal metamorphosis that not only includes churning of brands but also changing circulation for the patrons in the mall. The food court is being relocated and will be home to several brands that will not only be First in city but also first in Punjab.
References
Shopping malls in Punjab, India
2009 establishments in Punjab, India
Shopping malls established in 2009
Amritsar
Sven Osvald "Ossi" Mildh (12 May 1930 – 16 September 2015) was a Finnish hurdler. Mildh won bronze medals at the 1954 European Championships in the 400 metres hurdles and the 4 × 400 metres relay.
Career
Mildh was Finnish champion three times in the 400 m hurdles and once in the 110 m hurdles. At the 1954 European Championships in Bern they won an unexpected bronze medal in the 400 m hurdles in 51.5. The time which was a new Finnish record, would remain their personal best and was only broken as the record of their club, HIFK, in 2014. They won another bronze in the 4 × 400 metres relay as part of the Finnish team; Finland originally finished fourth, but moved up a spot when Great Britain was disqualified.
They competed in the Olympics twice, in 1952 (400 m and 4 × 400 m) and 1956 (400 m hurdles and 4 × 400 m). They never managed to qualify from the first round; although they ran 52.19 in the hurdles at the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne, it was only good enough for third in their heat behind Yuriy Lituyev and Gert Potgieter, and only the top two made it to the semi-finals.
References
Finnish male hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Finland
1930 births
2015 deaths
European Athletics Championships medalists
"Sexy Girl" is a song performed by Romanian dance-pop girl group Heaven featuring Romanian-Yemeni rapper Glance. Produced at Gala Records and featuring guest vocals by Glance.
The song was virtually released on March 29 without having its performer's name encrypted. Eventually "Sexy Girl" created a significant buzz on the internet and received favorable reactions from both the public and press. Two weeks later, Heaven admitted that the song belongs to them and started a promotional campaign.
The track has topped the Maltese and Cypriot charts for several weeks in summer 2010 and shortly after the band started touring the Mediterranean region. Furthermore, the song has become their most successful single in Romania, peaking in the top 10 on the national chart.
Considering the success "Sexy Girl" had, Heaven filmed an adjacent music video at the Romanian Academy in late may, 2010. The music video premiered on Libertateas official website on July 17.
Credits
Credits adapted from Gala Records's website.
Heavenlead vocals
Glancefeatured vocals
Gabriel Huibansongwriter, producer, backing vocals
Dan Deaconuproducer, keyboards, drums, bass, mixing, mastering
Alex Pelinsongwriter
Mihai Postolacheguitar
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2010 singles
English-language Romanian songs
Dance-pop songs
2010 songs
Kārlis Kaufmanis (February 21, 1910, Riga, Latvia – June 21, 2003, Clearwater, Florida) was a Latvian-American astronomer.  They are noted for their theory, on which they delivered a public lecture more than a thousand times, that the Star of Bethlehem was a conjunction of the planets Jupiter and Saturn that took place in 7 BC. They were also the author of several textbooks on astronomy, mathematics, and cosmology.
They held positions at the University of Latvia (1936–40), the French Lyceum (1940–44), and the Esslingen Gymnasium in Germany (1945–48). They moved to Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota as an associate professor in 1949. They joined the University of Minnesota as a visiting lecturer in 1961 and became an associate professor in 1963. They held the rank of full professor from 1970 until their retirement in 1978.
From time to time the School of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Minnesota holds the Karlis Kaufmanis Public Lecture. Speakers have included Clyde Tombaugh, discoverer of the dwarf planet Pluto, Carolyn Porco, noted for imaging work on the Voyager missions, and Michael E. Brown, discoverer of several dwarf planets in the Kuiper belt.
Patron of the University of Latvia
Kārlis Kaufmanis is a silver patron of the University of Latvia Foundation. In 2003, 100,000 US dollars were bequeathed to the University of Latvia to promote the development of astronomy in Latvia. The will was used as an inviolable capital from which scholarships are paid to talented astronomy students.
Notes and references
External links
An article by Kaufmanis on the Star of Bethlehem, reprinted in the newsletter of the University of Minnesota's Department of Astronomy shortly after Kaufmanis' death, starting on page 2
The Star Of Bethlehem by Karlis Kaufmanis
American astronomers
Latvian emigrants to the United States
Scientists from Riga
University of Latvia faculty
1910 births
2003 deaths
Outcast is a 1928 silent film drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. It was directed by William A. Seiter and stars Corinne Griffith, often considered one of the most beautiful women in film. This story had been filmed in 1917 as The World and the Woman with Jeanne Eagels. In 1922 a Paramount film of the same name with Elsie Ferguson reprising their stage role was released. Both films were based on a 1914 play, Outcast, by Hubert Henry Davies which starred Ferguson. The Seiter/Griffith film was an all silent with Vitaphone music and sound effects. In the sound era the story was filmed once again as The Girl from 10th Avenue starring Bette Davis. According to the Library of Congress database shows a print surviving complete at Cineteca Italiana in Milan.
Cast
Corinne Griffith as Miriam
James Ford as Tony
Edmund Lowe as Geoffrey
Huntley Gordon as Hugh
Kathryn Carver as Valentine
Louise Fazenda as Mabel
Claude King as Moreland
Sam Hardy as Jack
Patsy O'Byrne as Mrs. O'Brien
Lee Moran as Fred
Preservation status
Print exists in Cineteca Italiana, Italian archive Milan.
See also
The World and the Woman (1916)
Outcast (1917)
Outcast (1922)
The Girl from 10th Avenue (1935)
References
External links
lobby poster
Louise Fazenda and Corinne Griffith
1928 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by William A. Seiter
American films based on plays
First National Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1928 drama films
1920s American films
Jonah Hex: Shadows West is a collection of graphic novels written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. The artwork was done by writer and illustrator Timothy Truman and artist Sam Glanzman. These works were published from 1993 to 1999 by DC Comics. These all surround the adventures of fictional bounty hunter Jonah Hex who was originally created by writer John Albano and artist Tony DeZuniga in 1977. All of the original story and artwork has been redone and reprinted in high quality graphics by Vertigo/DC Comics in 2014.
Contents
1994 Introduction by Joe R. Lansdale
Two Gun mojo
Chapter One: Slow Go Smith
Chapter Two: Invitation to a Hanging
Chapter Three: The Resurrectionist
Chapter Four: Vendetta Times Two
Chapter Five: Showdown
Riders of the Worm and Such
Chapter One: No Rest for the Wicked and the Good don't need any
Chapter Two: Wilde's West
Chapter Three: Big Worm
Chapter Four: Autumns of Our Discontent
Chapter Five: Cataclysm in Worm Town
Shadows West
Part One: Long Tom
Part two: Gathering Shadows
Part Three: Final Shadows
External links
Joe R. Lansdale's Official Website
Timothy Truman's Official Website
Vertigo Website
References
2014 graphic novels
Works by Joe R. Lansdale
Comics anthologies
DC Comics graphic novels
Jonah Hex
Mighty Switch Force! is a puzzle-platform game developed by WayForward Technologies for Nintendo 3DS. It is the third game in WayForward's Mighty series, following Mighty Flip Champs! and Mighty Milky Way. The game was released on the Nintendo eShop on December 22, 2011. An update to the game, including five new levels, was released on May 24, 2012. A high-definition version, Mighty Switch Force! Hyper Drive Edition, was released for the Wii U in 2012, featuring re-drawn graphics and other new features. A Steam version of the game was also released in June 2015. A sequel, Mighty Switch Force! 2, was released in June 2013.
Plot
A group of convicts called the "Hooligan Sisters" escape custody on Planet Land. As they escape, one of them breaks open a canister, which causes Planet Land to become infested with monsters. The "Galactic Penal Squad" contact "cybernetic peace officer" Patricia Wagon (voiced by Stephanie Komure), authorizing the use of their Siren Helmet and Pellet Shooter, in order to capture the criminals. Helping them along the way are General Gendarmor, a mechanical armor that can extract them from battles, Ugly Twitching Dog (U.T.D), who can create reload points, and HQ, who are monitoring their actions.
Gameplay
The player controls a cyborg police officer named Patricia Wagon, who has to round up a group of escaped female convicts. The goal of each level is to find all the escaped convicts and return to the exit point as quickly as possible, with each level possessing a Par Time that dedicated speed runners can try and beat. Along with the ability to jump and shoot, Patricia has the ability to push in and out blocks dotted around the stage with their "Siren Helmet", using them as platforms or a means to destroy certain enemies. There are also various other types of blocks such as launcher blocks that send Patricia or an enemy in a certain direction and colored blocks that allow the player to change which plane they switch on. During each level, the player has three hearts (called their "Heart Drive", in universe), with the player losing one heart if Patricia is hurt by an enemy, comes into contact with spikes or is pushed into the screen by a block change (Checkpoints created allow Patricia to respawn at that point in the case of the latter two). If Patricia loses all three hearts, they will have to start the level over. Throughout the level they can collect floppy disks which restore hearts, either by finding them, or from shooting enemies.
Development
The game was released for the Nintendo eShop on December 22, 2011. A free update to the game was released on May 24, 2012, featuring five new levels, improved 3D effect and the option to restart the level. On July 3, 2012, WayForward announced development of Mighty Switch Force! Hyper Drive Edition as a downloadable title for the Wii U. The game features redrawn graphics similar in style to A Boy and Their Blob, and also features off-screen game play with the Wii U GamePad, as well as the downloadable content from the Nintendo 3DS update. New to this version of the game is also the inclusion of Hyper Mode levels, which remaster all previous levels making them even harder. The game was released in conjunction with Wii U's American launch November 18, 2012. In Europe, the game was released December 6, 2012.
Reception
The game received "favorable" reviews on all platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. IGN praised the 3DS version's gameplay and presentation but criticized its short length.
Legacy
A sequel, Mighty Switch Force! 2, which has a focus on firefighting, was released for Nintendo 3DS in June 2013. This was followed by a puzzle game spin-off title, Mighty Switch Force! Hose It Down! A third game, Mighty Switch Force! Academy, was released in November 2015 for PC and features multiplayer elements. A downloadable content pack for Shantae: Half-Genie Hero adds an additional story campaign featuring character costumes and gameplay mechanics from Mighty Switch Force. A collection titled Mighty Switch Force! Collection, which includes Mighty Switch Force!, Mighty Switch Force! 2, Mighty Switch Force! Hyper Drive Edition and Mighty Switch Force! Academy was released for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on July 25, 2019.
References
External links
Official site for Mighty Switch Force!
Official site for Mighty Switch Force! Hyper Drive Edition
2011 video games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Puzzle video games
Platform games
Video games scored by Jake Kaufman
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games about police officers
Wayforward games
Wii U eShop games
Windows games
Single-player video games
The Winston Tunnel is a railroad tunnel located 9 miles (14.5 kilometers) west of Elizabeth, Illinois.
The tunnel was completed in 1888 for the Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad, a predecessor to the Chicago Great Western Railway (CGW). The tunnel was located on the CGW main line 152 miles (245 kilometers) west of Chicago in the isolated and hilly Driftless Area of extreme north-western Illinois.
In 1972, four years after the Chicago Great Western was merged into the Chicago and North Western Railway (C&NW), the CGW's largely redundant trackage in the area, including the Winston Tunnel, was abandoned. It was the third longest railroad tunnel in Illinois at 2,493 feet (760 m). Two longer (still active) tunnels are located on the Canadian National (ex-Illinois Central) Edgewood Cutoff Line, the longest being Tunnel #2 near Abbot, Illinois which is 6,994 feet (2,132 m) long.
History
The newly constructed Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad across northern Illinois used trackage rights on the Illinois Central Railroad between Dubuque, Iowa and Stockton, Illinois in 1886 before construction on its own line through the isolated wilderness could commence. Engineers quickly realized that a tunnel would need to be constructed in order to traverse the rugged landscape. The Sheppard, Winston and Company (for which the tunnel would be named) and more than 350 laborers worked by hand, digging through the silty and unstable shale for nine months starting in the spring of 1887. The work was both strenuous and dangerous, and at least one worker, a thirty-two-year-old Finnish immigrant named John Hill, was killed. When complete, the total cost of the tunnel, $600,000, had exceeded expectations.
The tunnel proved to be a constant nuisance to the Chicago Great Western and its predecessors. Almost immediately, railroad engineers realized that the unstable nature of shale through which the tunnel was bored, ground water seepage, and the isolated location of the tunnel meant repairs would be frequent and costly. The tunnel was originally braced by wooden beams when it opened to rail traffic in January 1888, but these eventually proved inadequate, and were replaced in 1902 by brick and reinforced concrete. Constant deterioration of the supports meant that large-scale reconstruction of the tunnel was needed in 1912, 1918, 1944 and 1947.
The bore was also improperly ventilated at first. A shaft sunk into the top of the tunnel failed to provide enough fresh air, and the crews of the steam engines would often complain of the intense heat and smoke due to the poor air circulation. Piecemeal solutions failed to work, and by 1912 the railroad was forced to install a huge fan, powered by a diesel motor and staffed by operators day and night, to ventilate the tunnel. The fanhouse, constructed by 1916, was abandoned by the CGW with the acquisition of diesel locomotives by 1947.
When the Chicago Great Western was federalized during World War I, a contingent of Illinois National Guardsmen were assigned to protect the tunnel.
The operating nightmares of the tunnel, not to mention the millions of dollars the CGW spent to keep it open, forced the railroad's management to consider many schemes to rid themselves of the burden. In 1909, 1951 and again in 1964 (the same year the North Western and Great Western announced their intentions to merge) the CGW sought engineering proposals to reroute their trackage around the bore, to daylight the tunnel, or to completely rebuild and improve it. To the often cash-strapped Great Western, however, all these plans proved far too expensive.
In the end, the 1968 merger with the Chicago and North Western (C&NW) sealed the Winston Tunnel's fate. The Great Western's main line through northern Illinois closely paralleled the North Western's own line, but through less densely populated and less commercially active areas. The steep grades of the line and the obvious financial burden of the Winston Tunnel also played a role in the decision to completely abandon the Great Western's trackage in the area. The C&NW operated its last train through the tunnel in 1971. Scrappers pulled up the tracks the following year. Upon abandonment, the C&NW placed chain-link fences over each bore of the tunnel to keep squatters and other trespassers out. A 1973 attempt to turn the right-of-way through Jo Daviess County, including the Winston Tunnel, into a rail trail, failed when ownership of the land reverted to nearby property owners.
Present day
The Winston Tunnel still exists in a very deteriorated condition. Nature has reclaimed the right-of-way; the fan house, unused since the 1940s and damaged by the elements, was demolished in early 2007, and the eastern bore, located on private property, has been almost completely sealed with earth.
The western half was purchased by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a "satellite area" of Apple River Canyon State Park. The DNR installed a new steel gate to replace the chain-link fence covering the western bore, and is developing the area with nature trails and other improvements. The tunnel is off-limits to public visitation as it is unsafe, due both to rattlesnakes and the ever-present danger of further collapse.
References
Notes
Sources
Finch, C. W. The CGW Winston Tunnel and its Ghost. Bireline Company (Newell, Iowa), 1985.
Grant, H. Roger. The Corn Belt Route: A History of the Chicago Great Western Railroad Company. Northern Illinois University Press (DeKalb, Illinois), 1984.
Schweihs, Maggie. "Essence of Winston Tunnel Lingers", The Galenian, Fall/Winter 2006-2007
Chicago Great Western Railway
Transportation buildings and structures in Jo Daviess County, Illinois
Railroad tunnels in Illinois
Tunnels completed in 1888
Butterfly watching is a hobby concerned with the observation and study of butterflies. It also includes the "catch and release" of butterflies. There are clubs, handbooks, checklists, and festivals devoted to the activity.
The Canada Day and Fourth of July annual butterfly count, a census of species by butterfly watchers throughout North America, is an example of citizen science.
Equipment used
Low-power binoculars (7x35, for example), especially close-focus binoculars are helpful
A butterfly field guide. Not all butterflies are readily identifiable from color photographs. The skippers, for example, are best identified from set specimens.
A camera (optional)
Locations
A person can watch butterflies almost everywhere but some well-known butterfly-watching areas include Costa Rica, the Amazon Basin, and sub-Saharan Africa.
Counting butterflies
Projects in Sweden, the United Kingdom, Finland, the Netherlands, North America, and other countries provide a framework for reporting butterfly sightings in an attempt to understand the factors that threaten or favor European butterflies.
See also
Butterfly gardening
Butterfly field guides by region
Lepidopterist
References
D'Amico G., Groppali R. & D'Amico N., 2011. Farfalle diurne pronube e fioriture nettarifere: segnalazioni per la Val Padana interna e indicazioni di profilo conservazionistico (Lepidoptera Hesperioidea, Papilionoidea). Bollettino della Società entomologica Italiana, 143 (3): 111–136.
Dunkle, S. W. (2000). Dragonflies through binoculars: a field guide to dragonflies of North America. New York: Oxford University.
Glassberg, J. (1993). Butterflies through binoculars: a field guide to butterflies in the Boston, New York, Washington region. New York: Oxford University Press. (pbk)
Glassberg, J. (1999). Butterflies through binoculars: the East. New York: Oxford University Press.
Glassberg, J. (2001). Butterflies through binoculars: the West : a field guide to the butterflies of western North America. Oxford & New York: Oxford University Press.
Glassberg, J., Minno, M. C., & Calhoun, J. V. (2000). Butterflies through binoculars: Florida. New York: Oxford University Press.
Groppali R., D'Amico G. & Riccardi C. (2008). "Osservare gli insetti: farfalle e libellule del Parco Adda Sud. Atlante-guida per la fruizione della fauna minore nell'area protetta". Conoscere il Parco (Volume 6), Parco Adda Sud, Lodi, 206 pp. (http://www.parcoaddasud.it/tuttopubblicazioni.htm )
External links
eButterfly
North American Butterfly Association (NABA)
Butterflying to Amazonia
The Lepidopterists' Society
Carolina Butterfly Society
Butterflies of North Carolina
Massachusetts Butterfly Club (chapter of NABA)
Butterfly Watching Basics
The Mulberry Wing - Field notes of the New York City and North Jersey Butterfly Clubs.
Butterfly Conservation - The main UK organisation.
NABA South Texas, America's Butterfly Capital (chapter of NABA)
Butterflying in South Texas, America's Butterfly Capital
Butterflying in Mexico and Latin America
Watching
Observation hobbies
Lepidopterology
MCFD is the common acronym for the Ministry of Children and Family Development (British Columbia)
The volumetric flow rate equivalent to 1,000 (or sometimes 1,000,000) cubic feet per day is often shortened as Mcfd.
The Ifa Gallery () is a contemporary art gallery in Shanghai, China and Brussels, Belgium. The name Ifa comes from Chinese 艺 (yì) () and 法 (fǎ), meaning methods of art.
Established in 2006 and directed by Alexis Kouzmine-Karavaïeff, the Ifa Gallery explores perspectives on contemporary art in China and beyond.
History
The gallery initially opened in M50 (short for 50 Moganshan Road), the site of a former textile mill that is now a well-known Shanghai art district. Formerly Xinhe Cotton Mill, later renamed Shanghai Chunming Roving Factory, this area began attracting artists and galleries in 1999. There, the gallery was located in a renovated warehouse space of around 700m² designed by French architect Philippe Diani.
In August 2008, the gallery moved to the former British concession near Jing'an Temple to a 1920s British colonial villa on Changde Road. Its exhibition space spreads across four levels of the building. At the end of 2013 it opened a new gallery space in Brussels, in the historical district of Marolles.
The Ifa Gallery opened a temporary space called "ifa²gallery" (August 2010 – February 2011) located on Yonkang Lu Art (a platform for contemporary art on Yongkang Road, developed by the artist-curator Zane Mellupe, in the former French Concession of Shanghai).
Artists and exhibitions
The Ifa Gallery opened the Changde Road gallery with two exhibitions curated by Bérénice Angremy and Marie Terrieux. The first was Some Space for Humanity, a solo exhibition of photographic works of the Gao Brothers () that reiterated the artists‘ focus on humanity and the built environment by playing on the physical confines of the gallery space. This opening exhibition coincided with Shanghai Art Fair 2008 and the 7th Shanghai Biennale. In late 2008/early 2009, Ink Games, the solo show of Dai Guangyu, was seen to be "one of the foremost events of the winter season in the sphere of contemporary fine art in Shanghai".
The gallery also exhibits younger, emerging artists, such as intermedia artist Wu Junyong, painter Fan Jiupeng and Audrey Salmon, a Beijing-based photographer and designer.
Ifa is also attempting to bring attention to artists from other parts of Asia, with exhibitions such as "A Snapshot of Contemporary Vietnamese Art", which placed "much needed emphasis on a genre which remains relatively unexplored in the art world".
References
External links
ifa gallery official website
Museums in Shanghai
Contemporary art galleries in China
Art galleries established in 2006
2006 establishments in China
Cotton mills
3J may refer to:
3J (Family Matters), a character on Family Matters
3j symbol or the Wigner 3-jm symbols, symbols in quantum mechanics
Zip (airline)'s IATA code
Jubba Airways's IATA code
3J, a type of J-coupling involving 3 bonds in nuclear magnetic resonance
See also
Triple J
JJJ (disambiguation)
J3 (disambiguation)
Two human polls comprised the 1967 NCAA University Division football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released in late November, at the end of the 1967 regular season. This was last time that the final poll was conducted before bowl season.
The AP ranked only the top ten teams from 1962 through 1967.
Final Coaches' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, in late November.USC received 27 of the 34 first-place votes; Tennessee received six and Oklahoma one.
Source:
Notre Dame did not participate in bowl games from 1925 through 1968.
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pac-8 conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
Beauty and the Bastard (; ) is a 2005 Finnish musical romantic drama film directed by Dome Karukoski and written by Pekko Pesonen. It stars Pamela Tola and Samuli Vauramo. Eero Milonoff, Joonas Saartamo, Mikko Leppilampi and Mikko Kouki play supporting roles. It is the feature-film debut of director Dome Karukoski, who had previous experience from commercials and short films. The music was composed by Jukka Immonen's Friend Music.
In Norway the film was released as in April 2007. The reception was universally mediocre from the biggest newspapers' critics. VG, Aftenposten, Dagbladet, Dagsavisen and Bergens Tidende all issued a die throw of 3.
Cast
Pamela Tola as Nelli
Samuli Vauramo as Sune
Joonas Saartamo as Kondis
Eero Milonoff as Isukki
Jussi Nikkilä as Mikko
Elena Leeve as Mari
Mikko Kouki as Anssi
Mikko Leppilampi as D.T.
Anna-Leena Härkönen as Hilkka
References
External links
Official website
http://www.freeyourmind.fi/jutut/2005/tsot/index_121005.php
2005 films
Films directed by Dome Karukoski
2000s Finnish-language films
2005 romantic drama films
2000s hip hop films
2000s romantic musical films
Finnish romantic drama films
Finnish musical drama films
2000s musical drama films
Prakash Nair is an American school architect, entrepreneur, writer and public speaker who advocates for open classrooms in schools.
Nair is the founding president of Education Design International (EDI) and a former founding president of Fielding Nair International (FNI), now known as Fielding International. Fielding International designs public and private schools and colleges across the globe. Their projects have won industry design awards for excellence, including the James D. MacConnell Award — the highest award conferred by the Association for Learning Environments, A4LE — for Dr. Phinnize J. Fisher Middle School in Greenville, South Carolina (2015) and for the Reece High School in Tasmania, Australia (2003).
Nair has written about school design and co-authored three books, Blueprint for Tomorrow: Redesigning Schools for Student-Centered Learning, Learning by Design: Live Play Engage Create, and The Language of School Design: Design Patterns for 21st Century Schools. Their opinion on educational design issues has been sought by news media and by boards of education.
References
Works
External links
Fielding International website
Education Design International (EDI) website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American architects
Helgi Tómasson (25 September 1896 – 2 August 1958) was an Icelandic physician.
Early life
Helgi was born on 25 September 25, 1896 in Vatnseyri, Patreksfjörður, Iceland to Dr. Tómas Helgason and Sigrid Lydia Thejle.
Career
They were head physician at Kleppspítali psychiatric hospital from 1929, when the new building came into use, to their death on August 2, 1958.
From 1928 to 1936 they were the only practicing neuropsychiatrist in Iceland.
They prohibited physical restraints (such as straitjackets, restraining straps and belts), and also prohibited their patients from undergoing electroconvulsive therapy and lobotomy.
In 1930 they were involved in a controversy, called the Big bomb (Icelandic: Stóra bomban) when they raised concerns that Jónas Jónsson, the Icelandic Minister of Justice, was suffering from mental instability. The incident led to Helgi being fired from the Kleppspítali, although they later are reinstated as its head physician.
From 1938 to 1958, they served as Chief Scout of the scouting organisation Bandalag íslenskra skáta.
Personal life
They were the father of Ragnhildur Helgadóttir, former minister of the Independence Party.
References
1896 births
1958 deaths
Scouting and Guiding in Iceland
Icelandic psychiatrists
People from Patreksfjörður
The Rambos were an American Southern gospel music group that was formed in the 1960s. They were one of the most successful Gospel trios of the 20th century. The group consisted of Buck and Dottie Rambo at first along with several various people singing with them and they were joined by their daughter, Reba, in 1965. They were a successful singing trio born out of the United Pentecostal Church. They were inducted into the Gospel Music Association's Hall of Fame in 2001.
Group history
They signed their first record deal with Benson Records in 1964, after leaving their home in Dawson Springs, Kentucky and ending up in Nashville, Tennessee. Most singers and songwriters would have agreed without hesitation to such a deal with Benson Records, but Dottie wanted to make sure it was the will of God. Without telling anyone else, they prayed that if the deal was God's will, let the contract be for "so many dollars . . . PLUS 13-CENTS" The day the contract was to be signed, they were taken to the office of John T. Benson Jr. where the document was handed to Buck, who handled the group's business dealings. After they read the document, they asked Dottie if they wanted to see it. They said they only wanted to see the "bottom line" – the contract amount. Handing them the document, Buck teased them saying that they were only interested in the money. In a sense, they are. When they saw the amount, the "13-cents" they had asked the Lord to affirm that the deal was Theirs will.
In the beginning, the Rambos went by the name of the Gospel Echoes. It was not until Reba joined the group at the age of 12 that they changed their name to the Singing Rambos. Their style of singing has been described as "a harmonic blend of Buck's country-style singing and Dottie's mountain-style black soul music."
The Rambos are known for their three-part harmony. They sang what many called "inverted harmony," which in the music field was not proper or accepted because all groups were supposed to have a bass singer. It was not until they performed one night at the Ryman Auditorium with a group called the Sons of Song that they realized that they could have a successful group without the use of a bass singer. The group went on to become pioneers in the inverted style of singing.
Buck and Dottie were divorced in the mid-1990s. Afterwards, Dottie continued to minister at churches and concerts across the nation and write and record music until their death in 2008.
On May 11, 2008, Dottie Rambo died in a tour bus accident on Interstate 44 just outside Mount Vernon, Missouri. Rambo was on a successful concert tour and their manager and staff were also injured but they were the only fatality.
Richard Fay "Buck" Rambo, died February 21, 2016, in Palmetto, Florida, at the age of 84.
Apart from the Rambos, Reba had a successful solo career in contemporary Christian music, and continues to write and record.  They are a Grammy Award winner and multiple Dove Award winner.
Members
Dottie Rambo (vocals, lead guitar)
Buck Rambo (vocals, guitar)
Shirley Cohron (vocals, accordion)
Joe Hatfield (vocals, piano)
Pat Jones (vocals, piano, accordion, bass 1965–1967)
Reba Rambo (vocals, bass guitar, 1965–1979)
Patty Carpenter (vocals – replaced Reba)
Band musicians
Darius Spurgeon (piano, 1967–1968)
Kenny Parker (piano)
Kenny Hicks (bass guitar)
David Huntsinger (piano, 1976–1979)
Dony McGuire (piano)
Discography
1964: There's Nothing My God Can't Do - The Gospel Echoes
1964: Singing Rambos (Vista Records)
1965: Gospel Echoes "Those Singing Rambos" (Introducing Buck and Dottie's Daughter, Reba)
1966: Come Spring (Heart Warming Records)
1967: The Soul Singing Rambos (Heart Warming)
1967: Gospel Ballads (Heart Warming)
1968: If That Isn't Love (Vista)
1968: An Evening With The Rambos (Heart Warming)
1969: The Soul Singing Rambos (Heart Warming)
1969: This Is My Valley (Heart Warming)
1970: The Real Thing (Heart Warming)
1970: Nashville Gospel (Heart Warming)
1970: Live
1971: Soul Classics (Heart Warming)
1971: Rambo Reflections (Heart Warming)
1971: Songs Of Love And Hope (Vista)
1971: If That Isn't Love (Vista)
1972: Soul In The Family (Heart Warming)
1972: The Best Of The Rambos (Heart Warming)
1972: Buck, Dottie And Reba (Vista)
1973: Sing Me On Home (Heart Warming)
1973: Spotlighting The Rambos (Vista)
1973: Belief (Vista)
1973: Sonshine (Heart Warming)
1973: Too Much to Gain to Lose (Vista)
1974: Yours, Until They Come (Heart Warming)
1974: Alive and Live at Souls Harbor (Heart Warming)
1975: There Has To Be A Song (Heart Warming)
1975: These Three Are One (Heart Warming)
1975: Christmas at Our House (compilation) "Oh Holy Night" (Impact)
1976: The Son Is Shining (Heart Warming)
1976: Rambo Country (Heart Warming)
1977: Naturally (Heart Warming)
1978: Queen of Paradise (Heart Warming)
1979: Silver Jubilee (Heart Warming)
1979: Crossin' Over (Heart Warming)
1981: Rambo Reunion (Heart Warming)
1983: Memories Made New (Heart Warming)
1992: Masters of Gospel (Riversong)
1992: Lost Recordings of The Rambos/Gospel Echoes
1992: 20 Gospel Classics (Riversong)
1992: The Very Best Of The Rambos (New Haven)
Appearances on other albums
1974: Highway Call – Richard (Dickie) Betts (of The Allman Bros.) (Capricorn) (also on The Allman Bros. Dreams CD Box Set – 1989)
References
External links
for Dottie Rambo
for Reba Rambo McGuire
American gospel musical groups
Family musical groups
Musical groups established in 1964
Musical groups from Kentucky
Southern gospel performers
The instructions of the priests ( torat kohanim) are the rulings and teachings of the priests that are addressed to the Israelite people. The term is also used in the Talmudic period for the "Priestly Manual", Leviticus. In Rashi's commentary on the Torah, they often refer to "Torat Kohanim," by which they mean a halakhic midrash to the Book of Leviticus, also known as Sifra (Aramaic: סִפְרָא), which is also frequently quoted in the Talmud.
In the verses of the Torah, the Torah instruction and rulings of the kohen is defined as decisive and authoritative. Two examples: the verse "כאשר יערוך הכהן כן יקום" -end of Leviticus, and על פיהם יהיה כל ריב וכל נגע" -Deuteronomy 21:5. However, in the Mishnah, the Torah instruction of the kohanim is usually quoted as an alternative, or sometimes even as contrary to the instruction of the tribes of Israel. The authority of the kohanim to function in judicial aspects and to instruct Torah directives to the nation of Israel is rooted both in the written Torah and the Oral Torah.
In Kabbalah it is expounded that the kohen functioning in Torah guidance should be unusually knowledgeable in Torah law, and should act humbly and kindly, even though being in an authoritative position. The Torah commentators seem to agree that not every kohen, just by way of birthright alone, is given authority to instruct Torah directives to the nation but only those that endeavor to fully master the Torah's laws and nuances and are successful in that are considered adequate for Torah instruction and its judicial law and therefore are granted priority to members of the twelve tribes of Israel who are equal in Torah Knowledge.
Levi and Aaron
Maimonides, in their Mishneh Torah, states that Jacob separated their son Levi from their brothers and ordered them to study, and teach, the ways of service to God of their forefather Abraham to their brothers, and that Jacob also instructed their sons to perpetuate this order of Levi for eternity (Maimonides on Avodah Zorah 1:15) In Midrash Tanhuma it is written that the sons of Levi were overly generous in their Torah instruction and succeeded at instructing their neighboring tribes to the point where they too became reliable Torah instructors (Tanhuma to Numbers 12).
During the Egyptian exile, it is recorded in midrash that Amram the son of Kehot son of Levi was the spiritual leader of the children of Jacob. After their death, this leadership role was assumed by their son Aaron. Aaron, as the spiritual leader of the Israelites during their bondage in Egypt, and likewise after the arrival of Moses and their ultimate redemption, was known to the nation as its instructor, a man of kindness, and as a peacemaker amongst arguing parties.
In the Bible, at the time of the erection of the tabernacle Yahweh instructed Moses to appoint Aaron and their sons to serve in it as priests.
The Court of the Priests
In addition to the commandment to the priests to oversee and guard the Temple in Jerusalem, the Torah also orders the priests to protect the holiness of the mizbeach and the ketoret service. This mitzvah and its included detail gave birth to the creation of a committee consisting of kohanim that oversaw the specifics of and enacted rules to protect those interests. This committee was known as either the "elders of the priesthood" (Hebrew זקני כהונה) or by the name "Court of the Priests" (בית הדין של הכהנים) (Misnah Yoma 1:5). Other functions of the Court of the Priests included investigating the lineage of status quo Kohen new to the holy service.
It is also recorded in the Mishnah that the Court of the Priests also engaged in other aspects of communal and marital life that was directly related to the priests and their families (Mishna Ketubot 1:5, Mishna Rosh HaShana 1:7, Mishna Ketubot 13:1-2).
The High Priest
The "anointed priest" is a rabbinical term afforded the High Priest. According to Obadiah ben Abraham of Bertinoro the instruction of the High Priest carried as much weight as that of the entire Sanhedrin.
Written Torah sources
The first instance where the Hebrew Bible gives command to instruct the Israelites is found in Leviticus;
Both the Sifra and Talmud Bavli interpret this verse to include not only the items listed but also directs the kohen to be involved with instruction in various other areas of Torah law;
arakhin: (ערכין, "dedications"), priestly gifts, cleanliness, general Torah instruction, midrash, halacha, and proper reading of the Torah.
Abraham ibn Ezra in their Torah commentary notes the unique instructive abilities in which the priests engaged. They point out that the priest had the ability to differentiate between the standard seven-day unclean period of niddah and the longer unclean period of zivah. They also explained the brunt of the responsibility of the nation keeping (lit. watching) the Torah and the encompassing directive of its laws rests with the kohanim. Obadiah ben Jacob Sforno seems to echo this required responsibility of the priests in their commentary to the Torah. Nachmanides states that the priest's work in the Temple as well as their general Torah directives would reveal a kind of supernatural aura that was clear to the viewer or directive recipient all the while being error free. The Sifre to Deuteronomy appears to hint at this idea by stating that during the while that Torah directives are being said from the mouth of the kohen they are compared to an administering angel.
The kohen in a judicial role
The Torah relates that the kohen is to perform judicial duty to resolve conflict and to assist in purifying skin disease or mildew. Although the latter service is quite clear Deuteronomy 21:5, the former is more obscure, and there is no concrete Chazalistic that highlights the kohen's role to monetary judicial duties. Some modern rabbis such as Eliyahu Bakshi-Doron have invoked a long-know talmudic hekesh between tzaraath and financial quarrels as quoted in the Torah to suggest that the kohen persona should officiate as judge in financial quarrels.
Sforno in their Torah commentary to issue of decapitated calf explains that the priests were experts at human behavioral habits, in criminology, and tapped into this skill of theirs to find and bring to justice the unknown murderer.
In Neviim and Ketuvim
In the Prophets and Writings of the Hebrew Bible, the priest is assumed to be well versed and knowledgeable in Torah law and to be in a perpetual state of teaching those laws to the nation.(Malachi 2:7 and metzudot thereof).  They are also involved in displaying ("proving") the qualities of the Torah and the value of living its lifestyle. Based on the translation of Targum Jonathan of Ecclesiastes 4:17 the person who refuses to internalize the lessons taught by the priest is deemed a fool. Rashi, in their commentary to Books of Chronicles notes that while the priests and Levites were occupied with Torah instruction and teaching the ministers of the King where present to ascertain that the nation took their words with due respect and seriousness.
The Yalkut Shimoni of Simeon of Frankfurt points out that Torah study of the priests, specifically their study of the Korbanot services, is important and qualified in the sense that it is as if genuine atonement is attained.
In 2 Chronicles 15:3 a kohen who is competent at instructing Torah is considered a "Blessing from Heaven", and similar to all heavenly blessing which are withheld due to the sinning of the people, is withheld from a generation that is not in-line with, or not capable of achieving, the ideal state the Torah demands (2 Chronicles 15:3).
In Psalm 132:9 and Chronicles the priests are described as providing instruction with clean garments titled "garments of righteousness." Zechariah 3 contains a vision of the (deceased) Joshua the High Priest wearing dirty clothes and accused by Satan, but who is given clean clothing. Ultimately, it is unclear from the Tanach if certain types of garments are required for the priest to wear as a prerequisite to instruction of the people and/or if these garments are the equivalent of the official priestly garments.
In the Talmud and Midrash
The Talmud entertains the notion that the kohanim are different from the nation of Israel in the sense that they are called "Children of Knowledge" (Bnei Deah), with the kohen possessing an ability to instruct Torah even in their youth. The Talmud alludes that the Torah instruction of the kohen was of general importance to the Jewish nation and of specific importance to topics relating to Kehuna.
In the Midrash, the unusual knowledge of the kohanim was attributed to their consumption of Terumah (and additional holy foods). Why this food consumption had this specific effect is a matter of rabbinic debate; one opinion is that due to these foods being listed as part of the twenty-four kohanic gifts the kohanim did not need to engage in business and therefore had the mind to devote to Torah study and instruction. Another opinion is that the actual food itself, being of kodesh quality brought increased spiritual capacity to its kohen consumer.
In the Zohar and Kabbalah
In the Zohar the ideal kohen is described as the epitome of the knowledgeable man and as being reliable in activities involving Kedusha (holiness).
In the "Zohar Chadash" Rabbi Yochanan is quoted as saying that the Kehuna goes in tandem with Torah study and isolation. By contrast, the Zohar Chadash later goes on to describe the kohen's Torah knowledge as being involved with the Korban (sacrificial offering) and its respective owner -as a part of the greater nation of Israel- as a central role in the Korban service. Amongst the detail of note in terms of the kohen's involvement is the requirement that they be experienced in having "Kavana" (mental intent) of the holy name of Yahweh during their servicial involvement.
In the expunges of the Zohar it recorded that the placing of the blood from the first sacrifice (in Hebrew: ail ha"miluim") offered in the Mishkan as placed on Ahron and their son's right ear cartilage had an eternal effect that their ear be receptive in internalizing Torahic concepts, and to have the ability to intertwine the written and Oral Torah's into one entity.
Superior knowledge of Torah
The Tanna Rabbi Yitzchok notes that it is the kohen who accomplishes the "Nichoach" (the relaxing result of the sacrifice) -namely, the pleasure of God himself, it is therefore necessary that the kohen be knowledgeable in Torah even more than the average Jew.
Rabbi Yitzchok goes on to note that in the event that the kohen is an Am ha-aretz, their service is invalid. Rabbi Shimon -in taking an extreme approach- quantifies the unknowledgeable kohen as being the equivalent of an animal and beast. Rabbi Yannai as well lists this distinction,
The Kabbalistic work Raziel HaMalach describes the kohen as teaching Torah to the people and due to participation of the masses a divine blessing for material sustenance is given. Alternatively, lack of participation leads to the opposite effect.
In Chabad literature
Chabad literature delivers an in depth view of the unique divine character traits of the tribe of Levi in general and of the priests in particular. Beginning from Shneur Zalman of Liadi, the "Alter Rebbe," who at length described the unique kindness attribute of Aaron and also the divine wisdom given to the priests (kohanim) in all generations inclusive of kohanim who are merely youth.
Dovber Schneuri, "the Mitteler Rebbe," describes the instructive attributes of the priests and modern kohanim, even at greater length than their father and predecessor, in terms of all divine intellect of the Torah being drawn down by way of the Torah study and instruction of the kohanim. They also explained the Temple menorah lighting and incense offering of the priests as symbolic of the ability of the priests to produce joy and pleasure in the "attribute of wisdom" ("מדת החכמה"), which brings the Jewish nation an increase in material sustenance - even in times of exile when the Temple service is not being performed.
See also
613 commandments
Law given to Moses at Sinai
References
Priesthood (Judaism)
Jewish law
Shih-Hui Chen () is a Taiwanese composer who lives and works in the United States.
Biography
Chen Shih-hui (陳士惠) was born in Taipei, Taiwan, and came to the United States in 1982 to study for a master's degree from Northern Illinois University and a doctoral degree from Boston University. After receiving their DMA in Music Composition, Shih-Hui Chen took a position at the Shepherd School of Music, Rice University where they are currently Professor of Music Composition and Theory. Chen also serves on Asia Society Texas Center's Performing Arts & Culture Committee and is the director of 21C: Classical, Contemporary, and Cross-Cultural Music Festival at Rice University.
Chen Shih-hui's work has been performed widely throughout the U.S. and abroad, including Taiwan, China, Germany, and Italy. In 1999, they received an American Academy in Rome Prize, a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2000, and a Goddard Lieberson Fellowship from the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 2007. In 2010, Chen received a Fulbright Fellowship to study traditional Chinese Music, Nanguan music, and music of Taiwanese Indigenous peoples.
Work
Musical style
Chen Shih-hui composes for orchestra, chamber ensemble, voice, and solo instruments. They also compose music for theater and film.
Them music blends both their Western training and cultural heritage. A citation accompanying their 2007 Goddard Lieberson Fellowship from the American Academy of Arts and Letters states, “Among the composers of Asian descent living in the U.S.A.,Shih-Hui Chen is most successful in balancing the very refined spectral traditions of the East with the polyphonic practice of Western art-music. In a seamless narrative, their beautiful music, always highly inventive and expressive, is immediately as appealing as it is demanding and memorable.”
Selected recent compositions
Messages from a Formosan Village (2019)
Echoes from Within: A Musical Response to Cy Twombly for sheng, contrabass and electronics (2018)
Withhold the Umbrella for Chinese Orchestra (2018)
Flashback Moments for piano quartet (2018)
The Pilgrimage for A cappella Chorus (2017)
Ascending Waves for large orchestra (2017)
Silvergrass, Cello and Chamber Orchestra or Ensemble (2016)
Ten Thousand Blooms, Falling Petals for Traditional Korean Orchestra or ensemble (2015)
Fantasia on the Theme of Guanlingsan for Zheng and Chinese Chamber Orchestra or Ensemble (2014, 2015)
A Plea to Lady Chang'e for Nanguan Pipa and String Quartet or Orchestra (2013, 2014)
Returning Souls: Four Short Pieces on Three Formosan Amis Legends for Solo Violin or String Quartet (2011, 2013)
Our Names, for Narrator and Chamber Ensemble (2010)
Returnings, for Flute, Percussion and Cello (2010)
Fantasia on the Theme of Plum Blossoms for String Quartet (2007-9)
Distinctions
Barlow Endowment Commission (2001).
Bunting Institute Fellowship at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study (1996).
Fulbright Fellowship (2010) for study of traditional Chinese Music, Nanguan music, and music of the Taiwanese aboriginal people.
Fromm Music Foundation Commission (1995).
Goddard Lieberson Fellowship, American Academy of Arts and Letters (2007).
Koussevitzky Music Foundation Commission (2004).
John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship (2000).
Rome Prize, The American Academy in Rome, Italy (1999).
References
External links
Shepherd School of Music Faculty Biography [Contains performance calendar of Rice University engagements and further information about 21C].
Composer's Website
Composer's SoundCloud
[Video] "Returning Souls" with Formosa Quartet
[Video] "Echoes from Within: A Musical Response to Cy Twombly"
1962 births
Living people
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
Taiwanese music educators
Women classical composers
Taiwanese classical composers
Musicians from Taipei
Northern Illinois University alumni
Boston University College of Fine Arts alumni
Rice University faculty
Taiwanese emigrants to the United States
Women music educators
20th-century women composers
21st-century women composers
Selfoss Airport is an airport serving Selfoss, a town on the banks of Ölfusá river in the Árborg municipality in southern Iceland. Selfoss Airport is privately owned.
The Selfoss non-directional beacon (Ident: SE) is located on the field.
See also
Transport in Iceland
List of airports in Iceland
References
External links
OpenStreetMap - Selfoss
OurAirports - Selfoss
Airports in Iceland
Selfoss
"Why" is a song written by Yoko Ono that was first released on their 1970 Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band album. In the U.S. it was also released as the B-side of John Lennon's "Mother" single, taken from their John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band album.
Lyrics and music
Beatle biographer John Blaney described the song as "a raucous conflation of avant-gardism and rock 'n' roll". The Atlantic critic James Parker called it "a gibbering, snarling swath of experimental rock, wild but recognizable, in the vein of German pioneers like Can or Faust".
The lyrics of "Why" consist of Ono repeating the word "why" over and over again. Ono also intersperses some non-verbal vocalizations. Pitchfork critic Seth Colter Walls notes that Ono uses a variety of vocal approaches, including "long expressions full of vibrato", "shorter exhalations, rooted in the back of the throat" and "spates of shredded laughter" that according to Walls express "absurdist good humor". Music journalist John Kruth describes the vocals as repeating "the nagging question 'Why?' like a child throwing a fit, unable to be placated no matter what answer the adult struggles to provide", going on to say that why' transforms into a terrifying mantra that embodies the cruelty and absurdity of human existence". Pitchfork contributor Sasha Geffen states that Ono sings the word "why" as if she'd be able to find an answer to the question "if they screamed hard enough". Creem critic Dave Marsh stated that Ono used their voice "as John Coltrane used their horn", to "explore every possible nuance of the word-sound (chord) they scat about".
Lennon plays guitar on the track, Klaus Voormann plays bass and Ringo Starr plays drums. Music lecturers Ben Urish and Ken Bielen describe Lennon's guitar playing as "searing" and "cascading", "matching Ono's vocals as they scream the title word over and over". Blaney describes Lennon's guitar playing as "explosive", stating that their guitar "howls like a banshee, matching the vocals perfectly". Fab Four FAQ author Robert Rodriguez considered Lennon's playing "the most adventurous Lennon guitar playing ever recorded". Walls states that the song "contains some of Lennon's most aggressive guitar work". Walls states that the "slide guitar swoops and febrile picking" in the intro anticipate Ono's varied vocalizations.
Lennon claimed that Ono's singing influenced their guitar playing and stated that they were proud that "even we didn't know where Yoko's voice started and where my guitar ended on the intro".
Walls describes Starr's drumming and Voorman's bass playing as "minimalist", stating that it provides a foil for Ono's vocal and Lennon's guitar inventions. Urish and Bielen similarly state that they provide "firm support" for Ono and Lennon. Rodriguez describes them as a "cooking rhythm section".
Reception
Urish and Bielen claim that "Why" "embodies slicing pain, and [Ono's and Lennon's] musical interactions are a marvel to hear, in what is clearly one of their finest joint efforts". Rodriguez calls it "a fascinating slide of proto-punk", although stating that it can be ignored by those who consider Ono's work to be "ear-spitting yammering". Goldmine contributor Gillian G. Gaar similarly states that "Why" "has Ono matching the wildness of Lennon's guitar playing by screaming out the song's title, a sonic blast of proto-punk. Pop Matters critic Adam Mason states that "Why" is "raw, aggressive, menacing and, yes, primal, wherein Yoko screams their 'why' in different tones as an apparent method of emotional catharsis, the savage sound of the band reflecting their inner turmoil and rage". Music critic Johnny Rogan called it "Yoko Ono at their most intense, screaming against a solid rock backing". Journalist Duncan Fallowell stated that "Why" is "the most ferocious and frantic piece of rock [he'd] heard in a long time". Spill Magazine critic Aaron Badgley described as "brilliant" the way "Lennon's guitar turns into Yoko's voice".
Blaney states that Lennon's guitar work on this track was superior to that of any guitar hero, including Jimi Hendrix. Allmusic critic James Chrispell also praised Lennon's guitar playing on "Why". Rolling Stone critic Lester Bangs praised Lennon's "strong and sizzling" guitar work with "eloquent distortions" on the entire Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band album and said specifically of "Why" that "when they suddenly shift down from those flurries into an expertly abstracted guitar line straight out of Chuck Berry, it just takes your breath away".
Guitarist Gary Lucas stated that:John Lennon was always able to make their guitar talk. They were one of the most visceral from-the-gut rock guitarists of all time. But never more so than on "Why", where their guitar spits lovely, processed shards of metal to inspire Yoko Ono's uninhibited caterwauling. The is some of the most radical guitar soloing of the era, rivaling Lou Reed's "I Heard Them Call My Name", Syd Barrett's "Interstellar Overdrive" and Robert Fripp on "Cat Food" for sheer sonic bravado.
Influence
Blaney believes that the B-52s were influenced by Ono's vocal style, particularly on this track, and also that the Pixies were influenced by Lennon's guitar playing on this track.
Singer-songwriter Peter Case said:
More than the Stooges' "1969", "Why" invented punk rock. I still play that record in my pad, loud, on a regular basis. It's so focused and unhinged. The band rocks so completely! "Why" just says everything about "why" I love rock 'n roll... the first thirty seconds with John's shouts and sliding guitar chaos, and Yoko's sometimes cutting, sometimes sustaining screams... there's horror and humor in it too.
Warzone version
Ono included a shorter but slower and tuneless version of "Why" on their 2018 album Warzone. This version removed the instrumentation from the original version and replaced it with animal sounds and synthesizers. Pitchfork contributor Sasha Geffen stated that the original version "looks out onto a course that has yet to be set" while the Warzone version "looks back onto irreversible wreckage". The Guardian critic Alexis Petridis states that this version is "not easy listening, but it's incredibly potent".
References
Yoko Ono songs
Songs written by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by John Lennon
1970 songs
1970 singles
Plastic Ono Band songs
Protopunk songs
McCarty Hill is a mountain in the Southern Tier of New York. It is located in Cattaraugus County, mostly in Little Valley and Great Valley, with portions in Ellicottville and Mansfield. In 1940, a steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. The tower ceased fire lookout operations and then officially closed in early 1989. In 1993, the tower was dismantled and removed, and replaced with a free standing communications tower.
History
In 1940, the Civilian Conservation Corps Camp S-106 of Salamanca built a International Derrick steel fire lookout tower on the mountain. The tower was initially intended to be on Irish Hill, which is located northeast of McCarty Hill. The tower was first staffed in 1941, and reported 4 fires and 980 visitors. The tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1988 fire lookout season. The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (NYSDEC) officially closed the tower in early 1989. Beginning in 1987, the tower hosted repeater antennae for the Cattaraugus County Sheriffs Office (CCSO). A small building was built at the base with a chain link fence to protect the building. In 1993, the NYSDEC made an agreement with the CCSO, that the CCSO could build a free standing tower on the site of the fire lookout tower. The tower was dismantled and removed at the same time the new free standing tower was constructed.
Both the Holimont Ski Resort and Holiday Valley Resort are constructed on the north-facing side of the mountain. Most of the remainder of the mountain is owned by the state of New York as the Rock City and McCarty Hill State Forests. The state offers mountain biking, camping, hiking (via the Finger Lakes Trail), horseback riding, snowmobiling during winter months, and hunting; the southern portion of the state forest includes a geological formation of large boulders resembling a city, hence the Rock City name.
References
Mountains of Cattaraugus County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Vladimir Konstantinovich Kokkinaki (; – 6 January 1985) was a test pilot in the Soviet Union, notable for setting twenty-two world records and serving as president of the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale.
Early life
Kokkinaki was born in Novorossiysk on into a Pontic Greek family. Their younger brother, Konstantin Kokkinaki, was also a distinguished test pilot. In 1921 they finished elementary school, and worked on grape plantations and in the Novorossiysk port.
Career
They entered the Red Army in 1925, and served in the infantry until July 1927. They then entered the Leningrad Military-Theoretical School of the Red Air Force, from where they graduated in 1928. They subsequently entered the Borisoglebsk pilot school, from where they graduated in 1930. In April 1931, after a period of service in the 11th Fighter Squadron in the Moscow military district, they were transferred back to the Leningrad Military-Theoretical School as an instructor because of their pilot skills.
In the period 1932–1935 they served as test pilot for the Air Force, testing a series of aircraft. The first aircraft they tested was the attack aircraft Kocherigin-Gurevich TSh-3. Subsequently, they entered the Ilyushin Design Bureau (OKB) as its chief test pilot, where they remained until 1964. Throughout that period, they were the first to test fly all the aircraft of the OKB, including the prototypes of the Ilyushin Il-4 medium bomber, the Ilyushin Il-2 Shturmovik attack aircraft, the Ilyushin Il-28 jet bomber, and the Ilyushin Il-14 transport aircraft. They became a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1938. Promoted to Major General of Aviation in 1943, during the Second World War Kokkinaki served as head of the Main Inspectorate of the People's Commissariat for the Aircraft Industry and as head of its flight-test service between the years 1943–1947. They retired from the Air Force in January 1966, but continued working for OKB Ilyushin in a supervisory capacity with overall responsibility for flight testing, with their last project being the Ilyushin Il-62.
They became the vice chairperson of Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) in 1961 and assumed the position of chairperson in 1966, a position they held until 1967, after which they were appointed to the honorary chairpersonship. In the 1960s, they also served as chairperson of the USSR Aviation Sport Federation. Kokkinaki lived in Moscow, where they died on 7 January 1985.  They are buried in the Novodevichy cemetery in Moscow, along with their wife, Valentina.
Records
On 21 November 1935, Kokkinaki set an unofficial world record for ceiling in a Polikarpov I-15 fighter, reaching the altitude of 14,575 meters. On 20 April 1936, they performed the Nesterov Loop for the first time with a twin-engine aircraft, a TsKB-26 (the prototype of the Ilyushin Il-4), in the presence of Joseph Stalin. In 1936–1937, Kokkinaki set seven successive altitude with varying payload records with the TsKB-26. Their first official record, on 17 July 1936, was also the first official Soviet aviation record.
On 28 June 1937 Kokkinaki flew the circular Moscow – Sevastopol – Sverdlovsk – Moscow route, a distance of 5018 km, with a DB-3, setting a record in both speed at 5000 km range (with a median speed of 325 km/h) and range on a circular route. This flight was followed three months later by the 4000 km Moscow – Baku – Moscow route. On 27–28 June 1938, on board a modified TsKB-30 named "Moskva", with A.M. Bryandinskiy as their navigator, Kokkinaki flew from Moscow to Spassk-Dalny in the Soviet Far East, covering a distance of 7,580 km in 24 h 36 min, mostly at an altitude of 7000 meters, with an average speed of 307 km/h. For this feat, they were awarded the title "Hero of the Soviet Union" on 17 July. On 28 April 1939, with Mikhail Kh. Gordienko as co-pilot, they tried to surpass this feat by performing a non-stop east–west transatlantic flight from Moscow to New York City, to coincide with the opening of the "Land of Tomorrow" World Fair. However, due to encountering bad weather, the airplane was forced to come down on Miscou Island in New Brunswick, Canada (TIME magazine account). Coming not long after the death of Valery Chkalov, and with the approaching war, this well-publicized debacle spelled the end of the Soviet Arctic aviation exploits of the 1930s. Despite failing to reach their original destination, they still covered a distance of 8,000 km in 22 h 56 min, at an average speed of 348 km/h, and since 1959, the route they used (Moscow- Novgorod – Helsinki – Trondheim – Iceland – Cape Farewell – Miscou Island) is used for the regular flights between New York and Moscow. In 1965, they were honored by the International Air Transport Association with the diamond "wind rose" necklace for theirs finding the "shortest flight route between Europe and America".
From 1958 to 1960, they set another series of thirteen altitude with load and speed records flying the Ilyushin Il-18. Their last world record was in 1960, when they flew an Il-18 at a distance of 5,018 kilometers with a payload of 10,000 kg and a median speed of 693 km/h.
Awards and honours
Kokkinaki was awarded:
The title "Hero of the Soviet Union" (in 1938 and 1957) Gold Stars Nos. 77 and 179);
The title "Honoured Test Pilot of the USSR";
Six Orders of Lenin (in 1936, 1938, 1939, 1945, 1951 and 1984);
The Order of the October Revolution (in 1974);
Three Orders of the Red Banner (1944, 1945 and 1957);
Two Orders of the Patriotic War 1st class (in 1944 and 1947);
Four Orders of the Red Star (1939, 1941, 1944 and 1969);
The Medal "For Courage" in 1939;
Multiple foreign medals, including the FAI Gold Air Medal in 1964. They were also awarded the titles "Distinguished Test Pilot of the Soviet Union" and "Distinguished Master of Sports of the Soviet Union" in 1959 and the Lenin Prize in 1960.
A street in Moscow has been named after them (fittingly, next to the Academician Ilyushin Street), and a bronze bust was erected in their home city of Novorossiysk on the occasion of the second award of the HSU title and Gold Star. A tanker, built in Kherson in 1985, is also named in their honor.
A heavy-lift airplane Volga-Dnepr Ilyushin Il-76TD-90VD (RA-76950, cn 2043420697) was named in their honour. An Aeroflot Russian Airlines Ilyushin Il-96 (RA-96011, cn 74393201008) has also been named in their honour.
References
External links
1939 biographical essay, by Lazar' K. Brontman
1904 births
1985 deaths
People from Novorossiysk
People from the Black Sea Governorate
Russian people of Greek descent
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Soviet Air Force generals
Soviet major generals
Aviation pioneers
Soviet test pilots
Soviet people of Greek descent
Soviet World War II pilots
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Lenin Prize winners
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Recipients of the Medal "For Courage" (Russia)
Russian aviation record holders
Soviet aviation record holders
The men's long jump event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 9 June in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Long jump at the African Championships in Athletics
Below are listed of sailors at the Summer Olympics.
List of sailors at the Summer Olympics (alphabetically)
List of 49er class sailors at the Summer Olympics
List of Star class sailors at the Summer Olympics
Occupational rehabilitation is the science and practices of returning injured workers to a level of daily work activities that is appropriate to their functional and cognitive capacity related to their position of which may be influenced by the severity of a worker's injuries.
Professionals involved
Occupational therapists
The role of occupational therapists in the workplace is to facilitate individuals' ability to return to work. Occupational therapists assist their clients in reaching their maximum level of function with the aim of meeting the physical and emotional demands of their job. Occupational therapists are also qualified to make recommendations to employers on how to downgrade job demands to meet the functional status of an employee in order to prevent further injury during occupational rehabilitation. Individual functional capacity evaluations are used to screen for person-environment fit. Industrial occupational therapists use a collaborative approach involving the workers and employers to encourage a supportive work environment that empowers the worker to reach productivity and other work related goals. Occupational therapy interventions in occupational rehabilitation include developing assertiveness; communication and interpersonal skills; controlling anger; and stress management.
Occupational psychology
Physiotherapists
Kinesiologist
Occupational physicians
Vocational rehabilitation
For common mental disorders
Many workers have an increased risk of developing common mental disorders (CMDs) in the workplace due to job stressors such as job insecurity, bullying or psychological harassment, low social support at work, employee perceptions of fairness in the workplace, and an imbalance between job demands and rewards. These CMDs may include anxiety disorders, alcohol dependence, addiction-related disorders, suicidal ideation, and depression
Approaches
A symptom of CMDs is having disorganized and deteriorated habits. Therefore, during work rehabilitation, occupational therapists and/or other rehabilitation professionals often use a graded environment, intentionally eliminating barriers to increase individuals' performance and self-esteem. An integrative approach, based on the three key disciplines of medicine, public health, and psychology, is being utilized by occupational therapists to reduce job stressors and improve the psychological well-being of employees with CMDs. The purpose of an integrative approach is to prevent further harm to the employee and to learn how to manage the illness through health promotion, occupational psychology, positive psychology management, psychiatry, and occupational medicine.
Cognitive work hardening programs administered by occupational therapists using the Canadian Model of Client-Centered Enablement (CMCE) improve return to work outcomes of employees who have depression. Cognitive work hardening incorporates meaningful occupations or work tasks that are graded to fit individual needs within an environment that is supportive in order to improve self-worth. Cognitive work hardening programs are individualized to promote interpersonal communication and coping skills within a real-life work setting.
The Stimulating Healthy Participation and Relapse Prevention (SHARP) approach is used for individuals with CMDs who experience many sick absences from work. The SHARP approach encompasses five steps including: listing positive and negative situations encountered in the workplace; solutions to negative situations or problems; support need for solutions; planning how to implement solutions; and evaluation of implementation
References
Rehabilitation medicine
Occupational safety and health
Vocational rehabilitation
Interbeton may refer to:
TBG Interbeton, a cement producer in Siófok, Hungary
Interbeton/Ham, a Dutch contractor; see J. F. Mitchell Airport
Burgheim is a municipality in the Neuburg-Schrobenhausen district in the state of Bavaria in Germany. It is a market town.
Divisions
The municipality contains:
Burgheim
Biding
Dezenacker
Eschling
Illdorf
Kunding
Leidling
Längloh
Moos
Ortlfing
Straß
Wengen
Note
There is a municipality in the same district named Bergheim.
References
External links
www.burgheim.de — official website (in German)
Neuburg-Schrobenhausen
Owls Head, Nova Scotia may refer to:
Owls Head, Halifax, Nova Scotia
Owls Head, Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia
"Midsummer New York" is a song written by Yoko Ono that was released as the opening song of their 1971 album Fly and also as the b-side of the single "Mrs. Lennon."
Lyrics and music
"Midsummer New York" is based on the Elvis Presley song "Heartbreak Hotel." Norma Coates explains that the song begins as an "old-fashioned rock song" borrowing the melody and rhythm from "Heartbreak Hotel" as well as elements from the earlier song's accompaniment. But the references to early rock 'n' roll are undermined by Ono's vocal performance and by the lyrics. The lyrics express "female dread, fear and pain." Ben Urish and Ken Bielen interpret the lyrics as reflecting the "physical and psychological effects of a nightmarish panic attack. Coates feels that Ono's projection of these emotions are enhanced by the continual repetition of the word "shake" and "shaking." Ono restricts their vocal range and even when they nearly scream their words, Coates finds their voice to sound "oddly stifled." Musicologist Tamara Levitx has suggested that this stifled vocal sound symbolizes the "suffocation of their female desire and voice" and more broadly women's invisibility within the world of rock 'n' roll even when they perform. Ono biographers Nell Beram & Carolyn Boriss-Krimsky consider the "Heartbeat Hotel" similarity to be a bit of a joke on Ono's part, playing off the fact that Presley's smooth, affected voice was almost the complete opposite of Ono's wild and spontaneous vocal style. Urish and Bielen concur that the song is intended as a parody on Presley's song.
Reception
Allmusic critic Ned Raggett describes "Midsummer New York" as "easygoing rock chug that won't surprise many". Gillian Gaar described it as a "rock 'n' roll parody/" Pitchfork critic Mark Masters described it as "spilling blues supporting Ono's escalating screams." Beatle biographer Bruce Pollock described it as "a relatively straight-ahead rocker." Urish and Bielen see the song as evidence that Ono was learning rock techniques from husband John Lennon as well as they were learning the avant-garde techniques they were more famous for.
Other appearances
"Midsummer New York" was later included in Ono's compilation albums Onobox and Walking on Thin Ice. It was also used in Ono's musical New York Rock. An alternate version from the Fly recording sessions was released in 2018 as a bonus track on the Japanese Edition of Warzone.
Ono performed "Midsummer New York" on the second day that they and Lennon co-hosted the Mike Douglas Show in 1972. They were accompanied by Elephant's Memory as well by Jerry Rubin and Barbara Loden playing bongo drums. This show was taped on 18 January 1972 and televised on 15 February.
"Midsummer New York" was included on the original version of Lennon and Ono's 1972 television film Imagine but it was one of two Ono songs that was cut from the shortened revised version. "Mind Train," the follow-up single from Fly, was the other song cut.
References
Yoko Ono songs
Songs written by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by John Lennon
Songs about New York City
1971 singles
1971 songs
Fork–join may refer to:
Fork–join model, a programming style in parallel computing
Fork–join queue, in probability theory
Jesse W. "Jess" Smith (1871 – May 30, 1923) was a member of President Warren G. Harding's Ohio Gang. They were born and raised in Washington Court House, Ohio, where they became a friend of Harry M. Daugherty. There, Daugherty helped them to become the successful owner of a department store. Smith became Daugherty's gofer during the 1920 campaign.
Role
Smith came to Washington as an aide to Daugherty as U.S. Attorney General. They had a desk at the Department of Justice. They were Harry Daugherty's chief advisor. They nevertheless wielded considerable influence.
They were also Daugherty's roommate at Washington, D.C.'s Wardman Park Hotel. Daugherty's wife had remained behind in Columbus because of illness; Smith was divorced.
Smith is rumored to have sold bonded liquor to bootleggers. They were associated with a house at 1625 K Street (later to become notorious as the Little Green House on K Street) and became an embarrassment to Harding and Daugherty as the Teapot Dome scandal focused increased scrutiny on Harding and their supporters. Before leaving for Alaska, Harding told Daugherty they wanted Smith out of Washington.
On May 30, 1923, Smith died of a gunshot wound, and was found with a pistol at their side. Their death was pronounced a suicide, but Alabama Senator James Thomas Heflin alleged otherwise, first at an investigatory hearing and later from the floor of the United States Senate.
"Nobody else knew what they [Smith] knew and with them dead there was nobody to tell the story – so Jesse Smith was murdered," said Senator Heflin, initially.
They followed up two days later, in the Senate, quoting an Alabama bootleggerYou know Secretary Mellon loaned the Republican National Committee $5,000,000 in 1920. Only $3,000,000 has been repaid. There is a deficit of $2,000,000. Jess Smith was charged with getting that money. The plan was to have the liquor men and the breweries contribute to this fund....
"That is one of the reasons," shouted Senator Heflin, "why they wanted to get rid of Jess Smith."
Links with Harding administration
Smith's links with members of the Harding administration, including First Lady Florence Harding, have been documented by Carl Sferrazza Anthony, in their Florence Harding: the First Lady, the Jazz Age, and the Death of America's Most Scandalous President, New York: W. Morrow & Co., 1998
In fiction
Smith "attempts to warn Harding [of their impending murder] but 'commits suicide' in Harry Daugherty's apartment" in Ishmael Reed's 1972 novel Mumbo Jumbo.
Smith is one of four characters (and the only one based on a real person) from whose point of view Gore Vidal's novel of the period, Hollywood, is told.  They are portrayed as a business-savvy but weak-willed and sycophantic follower of Harding and Daugherty, and it's speculated that their death might have been a murder used to cover up the Ohio Gang's crimes.
Roy Hoopes' novel Our Man in Washington also speculates that Smith might have been murdered as part of a coverup.
Smith is played by Ed Jewett in season 3 of the television series Boardwalk Empire''. When Harry Daugherty's office comes under investigation for its connections to bootleggers, Smith becomes increasingly paranoid. Daugherty comes to see Smith as a loose end and sends fellow Ohio Gang member, Gaston Means, to kill him. Means plans to kill Smith in their sleep but is unable to surprise him, leading to an awkward confrontation where Smith kills himself.
See also
President Warren G. Harding's administrative scandals
Little Green House on K Street
References
External links
NYPress.com, Conman of the Century - Gaston B. Means
1923 deaths
Warren G. Harding
Suicides by firearm in Washington, D.C.
1871 births
People from Washington Court House, Ohio
Ohio Republicans
United States Department of Justice officials
1923 suicides
Congenital hereditary corneal dystrophy (CHED) is a form of corneal endothelial dystrophy that presents at birth.
CHED was previously subclassified into two subtypes: CHED1 and CHED2. However in 2015, the International Classification of Corneal Dystrophies (IC3D) renamed the condition "CHED1" to become posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy, and renamed the condition "CHED2" to become, simply, CHED. Consequently, the scope of this article is restricted to the condition currently referred to as CHED
Signs and symptoms
CHED presents congenitally, but has a stationary course. The cornea exhibits a variable degree of clouding: from a diffuse haze, to a "ground glass" appearance, with occasional focal gray spots. The cornea thickens to between two and three times is normal thickness. Rarely, sub-epithelial band keratopathy and elevated intraocular pressure occur. Patients have blurred vision and nystagmus, however it is rare for the condition to be associated with either epiphora or photophobia with this.
Genetics
CHED exhibits autosomal recessive inheritance, with 80% of cases linked to mutations in SLC4A11 gene. The SLC4A11 gene encodes solute carrier family 4, sodium borate transporter, member 11.
Pathology
Histologically, the Descemet's membrane in CHED becomes diffusely thickened and laminated. Multiple layers of basement membrane-like material appear to form on the posterior part of Descemet's membrane. The endothelial cells are sparse - they become atrophic and degenerated, with many vacuoles. The corneal stroma becomes severely disorganised; the lamellar arrangement of the fibrils becomes disrupted.
Diagnosis
Management
Management of CHED primarily involves corneal transplantation. The age that corneal transplantation is required is variable, however, it is usually necessary fairly early in life.
See also
Posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy (for the condition previously referred to as CHED1)
Corneal dystrophy
References
Disorders of sclera and cornea
That Sikhottabong, also known as Sikhottabong Stupa is a Buddhist temple in Thakhek, Khammouane Province, Laos. It is contemporary to That Inhang in Savannakhet and That Phanom, built in Thailand under the Sikhottabong Empire. The bones of Buddha are said to be consecrated in these temples. King Nanthasene built the stupa for King Soummitham.
The temple is on the bank of the Mekong River. The festival held at this location is during the third month of the lunar calendar.
Architecture
That Sikhottabong was refurbished in the 16th century during the reign by King Setthathirath. The stupa has four squares with each side measuring long. Its base is and rises to a height of .
The pinnacle appears in the shape of a banana flower.
References
Buddhist temples in Laos
Buildings and structures in Khammouane province
Majority Action is an American issue-advocacy organization founded in 2005 under tax code 527 (c)(3). During the 2006 election cycle, they concentrated on helping Democrats take control of the U.S. House of Representatives and ran ads against Republicans. During the 2008 cycle, they focused on Senate races. They were involved in the North Carolina and Idaho senate races. Their efforts against Senator Elizabeth Dole may have contributed to their defeat in the 2008 election. Leaders include Joe Andrew and Donald Fowler.
Notes
External links
Majority Action's website
527 organizations
"Keep It Natural" is the first single taken from Australian singer Cosima De Vito's second studio album This Is Now. It reached the top thirty in the ARIA Club Charts and reached #4 on the AIR Independent Charts, and even charted on the ARIA Singles Chart, at #112.
References
2007 singles
Cosima De Vito songs
2007 songs
Songs written by Trevor Steel
Ernest Constantine, Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal (8 August 1771 in Philippsthal – 25 December 1849 in Meiningen) was a member of the House of Hesse and Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal from 1816 until their death.
Life
Ernest Constantine was the youngest son of the Landgrave William of Hesse-Philippsthal (1726-1810) from their marriage with Ulrike Eleonora of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld (1732-1795), daughter of William, Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld.
Until 1796 they were an officer in Dutch service. In 1797, they acquired the porcelain manufactory in Volkstedt (a suburb of Rudolstadt), which they sold two years later.
In 1808 they became Grand Chamberlain of the Jérôme Bonaparte, the King of Westphalia. After the dissolution of the kingdom of Westphalia, Ernst Constantine succeeded their brother Louis as Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal in 1816. They also re-entered Dutch service, where they were appointed general.
Marriage and issue
Ernest Constantine married Louise (1775-1808), the daughter of Prince Frederick Charles of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt (1736-1793), on 10 April 1796 in Rudolstadt, with whom they had the five children:
Frederick William (1797-1797)
Ferdinand (1799-1837)
George Gustav (1801-1802)
Charles II (1803-1868), who succeeded them as Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal, married the Duchess Marie of Württemberg (1818-1888) in 1845
Francis (1805-1861), created Baron of Falkener in 1841, married (morganatically) Mary Catharine Kohlmann (1819-1904)
Later, they married their niece, Caroline of Hesse-Philippsthal (1793-1872), daughter of their elder brother Prince Charles of Hesse-Philippsthal, on 17 February 1812 in Kassel. From their second marriage they had two children:
Victoria (1812-1837)
William Edward (1817-1819)
Ancestors
References
Johann Samuel Ersch: Allgemeine Encyclopädie der Wissenschaften und Künste in alphabetischer ... p. 297 f.
Otto Wigand: Wigand's Conversations-lexikon p. 633
Genealogisches Staats-Handbuch p. 93
Landgraves of Hesse
House of Hesse
1771 births
1849 deaths
18th-century German people
The 15th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards are the 15th edition of the Interactive Achievement Awards, an annual awards event that honors the best games in the video game industry. The awards are arranged by the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences (AIAS), and were held at the Red Rock Casino, Resort & Spa in Las Vegas, Nevada on . It was also held as part of the Academy's 2012 D.I.C.E. Summit, and was hosted by stand up comedian Jay Mohr. It would be the final year that it would be called the Interactive Achievement Awards.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim won the most awards, including Game of the Year. Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception received the most nominations.
Tim Sweeney, founder of Epic Games and creator of the Unreal Engine, received the of the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Hall of Fame Award. Ed Logg, game designer behind Atari classics such as Asteroids, Super Breakout, Centipede, received of the Pioneer Award.
Winners and Nominees
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger ().
Special Awards
Hall of Fame
Tim Sweeney
Pioneer
Ed Logg
Games with multiple nominations and awards
The following 16 games received multiple nominations:
The following three games received multiple awards:
Companies with multiple nominations
Companies that received multiple nominations as either a developer or a publisher.
Companies that received multiple awards as either a developer or a publisher.
External links
References
2012 awards
2012 awards in the United States
February 2012 events in the United States
2011 in video gaming
D.I.C.E. Award ceremonies
Pinball 2000 was the last pinball hardware and software platform developed by major pinball manufacturer Williams, and was used in the machines Revenge From Mars (under the brand name Bally) and Star Wars Episode I (under the brand name Williams) before Williams exited the pinball business on October 25, 1999. It is the successor to the Williams Pinball Controller platform.
Unlike previous pinball machines, Pinball 2000 machines feature a computer monitor to display animations, scores, and other information. The player perceives this video to be integrated with the playfield, due to a mirrored playfield glass (utilizing an illusion called "Pepper's Ghost") that reflects the monitor hung in the head of the machine. This allows the display of virtual game targets in the playfield's upper third that can be "hit" by the machine's physical steel ball. "Impacts" on these targets are detected by physical targets in the middle of the playfield, and by recognizing successful shots up the left and right ramps and orbits/loops.
Revenge from Mars, the first of the two released games, sold a promising 6,878 units. However, Star Wars Episode I suffered from a rushed and top-secret production cycle and sold only about half as many units (3,525), leading to Williams' decision to close down its historic pinball division.
Development
The Pinball 2000 platform was originally designed to use a backbox video display (replacing the standard dot matrix display) but without the mirroring technique, reminiscent of those seen in Bally's Baby Pac Man (1982) and Granny and the Gators (1983) or Gottlieb's Caveman (1982) pinball machines. The first-generation mockup prototype of the Pinball 2000 architecture was called Holopin—it used main designer George Gomez's old Amiga computer to drive the video display, and a No Good Gofers whitewood prototype playfield. The integration of pinball and video was inspired by the Asteroids Deluxe arcade machine, which used a one-way mirror to add a static background graphic to the game's animated vector graphics.
Technical details
Computer: The machine's head contains an IBM PC compatible computer consisting mainly of a BAT style PC mainboard running a Cyrix Media GX CPU connected to a Cyrix CX5520 bridge. A PCI-PRISM card holds the game ROMs and DCS2 sound hardware. The "Pinball 2000 hardware" setup was an ATX motherboard running a MediaGX CPU (x86 clone, it lives on as AMD Geode). It also had a custom PCI card for storage and sound DSP, and a secondary board connected by parallel port for driving lamps and solenoids.
Video: Pinball 2000 uses a 19-inch CGA color monitor. It is possible to exchange the built-in monitor with an LCD display, provided it can handle the low refresh rate (15 Hz) and resolution (640x240) of an arcade CGA monitor.
Graphics SDK: Allegro Software Development Kit
Audio: DCS2 audio hardware provides full stereo output, compared to the old WPC system's mono. The Pinball 2000 cabinet was the first to be equipped with a real subwoofer, where prior machines used a less-expensive broadband speaker.
OS and Sub System: XINA was an application layer on top of XINU that handled the executive tasks of running a pinball machine, and also abstracted the various hardware features. The name XINA was inspired by XINU (OS) meaning: "XINA Is Not APPLE" ( APPLE was the previous pinball programming system of previous WPC pinballs, no connection to the computer company. )
Software management: Software can be updated via a serial cable connected to a second PC, so no ROM exchanges are necessary as in previous generations.
Network support: Pinball 2000 machines can be networked, enabling them to be set up for game tournaments where each machine displays all highscores and even optional player pictures. It is also possible to play a machine from another computer—for example, over the Internet—using the Telnet protocol and a webcam.
Maintenance innovations: Broken hardware such as lamps, fuses, switches and coils are listed in the service menu on the display and indicated on a playfield or circuit board diagram.
Quick game swapping: Playfields and software can be quickly swapped, theoretically enabling operators to convert an existing game into a new one in just 5 to 10 minutes.
A conversion kit for Revenge from Mars was released so it could be converted into a Star Wars Episode I. The kit included a new playfield, ROMs, cabinet decals and a manual plunger.
Games
Released
Revenge From Mars (1999)
Star Wars Episode I (1999)
Planned (unreleased)
Wizard Blocks – A prototype exists, owned by Gene Cunningham.
Playboy –A prototype exists, owned by Gene Cunningham.
Monopoly – Planned but canceled. Stern later released their own Monopoly pinball.
– Registered as a trademark to Williams Electronic Games but later abandoned in favor of Wizard Blocks.
Holopin - Prototype Machine. Made to show Pinball 2000 concepts.
References
External links
TILT: The Battle to Save Pinball, a documentary that tells the story of the development of Pinball 2000.
myPinballs Tournament System - Live tournament system for Pinball 2000 games
Nucore - The Pinball 2000 emulation project
WMS Industries
Pinball platforms
Thomas Daniel Winter (July 7, 1896 – November 7, 1951) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Columbus, Kansas, Winter attended the public and high schools. During the First World War served as a private in the United States Army Air Service in 1918 and 1919. Court reporter of the district court of Crawford County, Kansas from 1921 to 1927. They studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1926 and commenced practice in Girard, Kansas.
They served as assistant county attorney of Crawford County, Kansas, in 1927 and 1928 and county attorney in 1929 and 1930. They served as commissioner of public utilities of Girard 1933–1935. They served as commissioner of finance of Girard 1936–1938.
Winter was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-sixth and to the three succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1939 – January 3, 1947). They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1946. They returned to Girard, Kansas, and continued to practice law. They died in Pittsburg, Kansas, November 7, 1951 and is interred in Park Cemetery, Columbus, Kansas.
References
1896 births
1951 deaths
United States Army soldiers
People from Girard, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
People from Columbus, Kansas
İkinciafşar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 53 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
The following is a list of people who were born in or lived in the city of Whittier, California
Entertainment
Gary Allan (born Gary Allan Herzberg), country music artist, graduated from La Serna High School
Antagonist, metal band signed to Prosthetic Records
Andrea Barber, actor (Full House)
Caprice Bourret, supermodel
Cold War Kids, indie rock band
Pete Dee Davison, musician (The Adicts)
Joy Enriquez, singer, actor (7th Heaven)
Funeral Party, punk/rock band
William Garwood, actor and director of early silent films in the 1910s
David Hidalgo, musician (Los Lobos)
Kathy Hilton, actor, socialite, mother of Paris and Nicky Hilton
Gabriel Iglesias, comedian and actor
Vic "the Brick" Jacobs, radio personality
Adrienne Janic, co-host of Overhaulin', model, and Fanta Girl
Mark Kostabi, composer and artist
Paul Kostabi, artist, musician, and producer
John Alan Lasseter, Academy Award–winning animator and Chief Creative Officer at Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios
Roger Lodge, actor (host of Blind Date)
Long Gone John, founder of Sympathy for the Record Industry
Martika, singer
Tim Minear, screenwriter, director
Roger Mobley, child actor, moved to Whittier in 1957
Lorna Patterson, actor
Merle Pertile, Playboy Playmate, January 1962
Vaneza Leza Pitynski, actor (The Brothers Garcia)
Chuck Prophet, musician (solo artist and founder of the band Green On Red)
Dax Reynosa, hip hop and smooth jazz artist and producer, music manager, and film producer
Zane Reynosa, hip hop artist and fashion accessory designer
Ron Shelton, director, screenwriter (Bull Durham, White Men Can't Jump, Tin Cup)
Eric Stoltz, actor (Memphis Belle, Jerry Maguire, Pulp Fiction)
Geoff Stults, actor (7th Heaven)
Lauren Tewes, actor (The Love Boat)
Tom Waits, actor, singer-songwriter
Tina Yothers, actor (Family Ties)
Michael Sweet musician, Christian rock band (Stryper)
Robert Sweet musician, Christian rock band (Stryper)
Oz Fox musician, Christian rock band (Stryper)
Arts and literature
Horace Bristol, photographer, Life Magazine
Firoozeh Dumas, author
Christine Dzidrums, author
M.F.K. Fisher, author
Dave Freeman, author
Mark Kostabi, painter, left Whittier to be discovered in New York
Paul Kostabi, artist, musician, and producer
Carol Lay, artist
Thom Mayne, Pritzker Prize-winning architect
Craig McCracken, animator
Tim Miller, performance artist (member of the NEA Four)
Cherríe Moraga, poet, essayist, playwright
Joe Ranft - animator, storyboard artist
Nicole Stansbury, author
Diane Wakoski, poet
X-8, artist, publisher
Government
George Allen, United States Senator (Virginia)
Louis Caldera, United States Secretary of the Army
Ronald B. Cameron, Congressman
Raymond F. Chandler, Sergeant Major of the Army, first enlisted commandant of United States Army Sergeants Major Academy
James Ferguson, Air Force General
Jacob F. Gerkens - first chief of the LAPD
Gabriel Green, write-in presidential candidate
Lou Henry Hoover, wife of Herbert Hoover and First Lady of the United States
Gary Miller, Republican U.S. Representative for . Miller grew up in Whittier.
Pat Nixon, First Lady, wife of President Richard Nixon
Richard Nixon, 37th President of the United States, played football at Whittier High School and Whittier College
Pío Pico, last Mexican governor of Alta California
Anthony Rendon, assemblyman representing California's 63rd State Assembly district
Sports
Deborah Babashoff, Swimmer
Shirley Babashoff, Olympic gold medalist swimmer
Chet Brewer, Negro league baseball player
George Buehler, football player
Mitchell Callahan, hockey player
Chuck Cary, baseball player
Bob Chandler, football player
Dave Dalby, football player, center, Oakland Raiders
Oscar De La Hoya, Olympic and professional boxing champion
Andy Etchebarren, baseball player (last man to bat against Sandy Koufax)
Vince Evans, football quarterback
Arturo Frias, boxing champion
Michael Garciaparra, baseball player
Nomar Garciaparra, baseball player
Greg Hancock, speedway champion
Payton Jordan, coach of 1968 U.S. Olympic track and field
Mark Kotsay, baseball player
Dan Owens, football player
Jamie Quirk, baseball player
Ante Razov, soccer player
Anthony Reyes, baseball player
Kim Rhode, Olympic gold medalist, (double trap and skeet shooter)
Mark Sanchez, football quarterback, Philadelphia Eagles
Art Sherman (born 1937), horse trainer and jockey
Adam Snyder, football player, San Francisco 49ers
Jenny Topping, Olympic gold medalist, softball
Aaron Valdes (born 1993), basketball player in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Jim Zorn, football quarterback, former coach Washington Redskins
Eddie Zosky, baseball player
Miscellaneous
Milo Burcham, aviator, test pilot
Tricia Nixon Cox - daughter of President Nixon
Francis A. and Hannah Nixon, parents of President Nixon
John Quijada, linguist, constructed language expert
Nadya Suleman, mother of the Suleman octuplets (born January 26, 2009)
Kerry Thornley, founder of Discordianism
References
List
Whittier
Whittier, California
In quantum geometry or noncommutative geometry a quantum differential calculus or noncommutative differential structure on an algebra over a field means the specification of a space of differential forms over the algebra. The algebra here is regarded as a coordinate ring but it is important that it may be noncommutative and hence not an actual algebra of coordinate functions on any actual space, so this represents a point of view replacing the specification of a differentiable structure for an actual space. In ordinary differential geometry one can multiply differential 1-forms by functions from the left and from the right, and there exists an exterior derivative. Correspondingly, a first order quantum differential calculus means at least the following:
1. An --bimodule over , i.e. one can multiply elements of by elements of in an associative way:
.
2. A linear map obeying the Leibniz rule
3.
4. (optional connectedness condition)
The last condition is not always imposed but holds in ordinary geometry when the manifold is connected. It says that the only functions killed by are constant functions.
An exterior algebra or differential graded algebra structure over means a compatible extension of to include analogues of higher order differential forms
obeying a graded-Leibniz rule with respect to an associative product on and obeying . Here and it is usually required that is generated by . The product of differential forms is called the exterior or wedge product and often denoted . The noncommutative or quantum de Rham cohomology is defined as the cohomology of this complex.
A higher order differential calculus can mean an exterior algebra, or it can mean the partial specification of one, up to some highest degree, and with products that would result in a degree beyond the highest being unspecified.
The above definition lies at the crossroads of two approaches to noncommutative geometry. In the Connes approach a more fundamental object is a replacement for the Dirac operator in the form of a spectral triple, and an exterior algebra can be constructed from this data. In the quantum groups approach to noncommutative geometry one starts with the algebra and a choice of first order calculus but constrained by covariance under a quantum group symmetry.
Note
The above definition is minimal and gives something more general than classical differential calculus even when the algebra is commutative or functions on an actual space. This is because we do not demand that
since this would imply that , which would violate axiom 4 when the algebra was noncommutative. As a byproduct, this enlarged definition includes finite difference calculi and quantum differential calculi on finite sets and finite groups (finite group Lie algebra theory).
Examples
1. For the algebra of polynomials in one variable the translation-covariant quantum differential calculi are parametrized by and take the form
This shows how finite differences arise naturally in quantum geometry. Only the limit has functions commuting with 1-forms, which is the special case of high school differential calculus.
2. For the algebra of functions on an algebraic circle, the translation (i.e. circle-rotation)-covariant differential calculi are parametrized by and take the form
This shows how -differentials arise naturally in quantum geometry.
3. For any algebra one has a universal differential calculus defined by
where is the algebra product. By axiom 3., any first order calculus is a quotient of this.
See also
Quantum geometry
Noncommutative geometry
Quantum calculus
Quantum group
Quantum spacetime
Further reading
Noncommutative geometry
Algebraic structures
Dorcadion absinthium is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Plavilstshikov in 1937. It is known from Kazakhstan.
See also
Dorcadion
References
absinthium
Beetles described in 1937
Arnauti may refer to:
Arnauts (Arnauti in Balkan Slavic languages), Ottoman-era ethnonym of Albanians
Arnauti (Zenica), a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Arnauti, Bulgaria, a village in Bulgaria, known after 1934 as Paisiy
Abdul-Kader Arnauti, 20th-century Albanian scholar
See also
Arnaouti, an islet in Greece
The men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held on 22 and 23 August at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Wind:Heat 1: +1.4 m/s, Heat 2: +1.8 m/s
Final
Wind: +1.6 m/s
References
110
1994
Rosana Tositrakul (; born 27 September 1957) is a Thai politician and former Senator for Bangkok. They were first elected in 2006, only to find the polls scrapped by a military coup. They were voted into office a second time in 2008 with over 740,000 votes. In 2019, they announced their intention to contest in the 2022 Bangkok gubernatorial election as an independent candidate.
Early life and education
Rosana graduated from secondary school from Mahaprutharam Girls' School and a bachelor's degree from the Faculty of Journalism and Mass Communication at Thammasat University in 1974.
Activist work
After graduating from Thammasat University, Rosana formed the NGO "Traditional Medicine for Self-Curing", later renamed the "Thai Holistic Health Foundation". They spent a year studying with Masanobu Fukuoka, the developer of natural farming, and helped introduce organic farming to Kut Chum District, Yasothon Province. They studied medicinal plants in the district and helped form the "Natural Medication and Herb Interest Group" there.
Rosana worked for many years as a women's rights activist for the Thai Health Foundation, calling for the resignation of Rakkiat Sukthana on corruption charges. They also called for the resignation of Purachai Piumsomboon over a supposed cover-up of the spread of bird flu in Thailand.
They represented a coalition of over 30 NGOs in an appeal against a government plan to establish special economic zones around Thailand.
 They are an Independent candidate in the 2022 Bangkok gubernatorial election.
Religious views
Rosana Tositrakul has stated they have no political leanings. Instead, they advocate what they call an "engaged" form of Buddhist feminism.
References
1957 births
Living people
Rosana Tositrakul
Rosana Tositrakul
Rosana Tositrakul
Rosana Tositrakul
Rosana Tositrakul
Abruptio is an upcoming American puppet-animated horror film written, edited, and directed by Evan Marlowe. Produced by Barry Finlayson, Kerry Marlowe, Martin White, and Susan Finlayson, the film stars James Marsters, Christopher McDonald, Hana Mae Lee, Robert Englund, Jordan Peele, and Sid Haig in their final film before their death on September 21, 2019.
Premise
Cast
Production
Voice recording
Voice recording started on May 23, 2015, in Los Angeles, California, with Evan Marlowe serving as cinematographer. Recording sessions wrapped on December 2, 2017. In December 2017, several actors were confirmed to have voiced characters, including James Marsters, Robert Englund, Sid Haig, Jordan Peele, Hana Mae Lee, and Christopher McDonald.
Production
On September 23, 2019, the film's crew relayed their feelings towards the passing of co-star Sid Haig, while confirming they would finish production on Abruptio soon, for a then-projected release in 2020. In April 2020, Marlowe revealed information about the film's production:
In a June 2020 interview, the film's director Evan Marlowe revealed that with "six years in, we're still not quite halfway done filming. We plan to pick up where we left off in the coming months." In August 2020, production resumed, with coronavirus safety protocols in place, including limited crew members. Filming wrapped on March 4, 2021, before post-production wrapped by March 2022.
Release
The film was originally set for release in 2021.
References
External links
2020s American animated films
2020s English-language films
American horror films
American independent films
Film productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films scored by Patrick Savage
Films shot in Los Angeles
Puppet films
Universal Pictures films
Upcoming films
Tiw Valley () is a valley lying eastward of Odin Valley in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land. The feature is one in a group in this range named from Norse mythology, Tiw being the god of rules and regulations in war and peace. The name was suggested by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in consultation with the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC).
Valleys of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
The politics of Western Sahara take place in a framework of an area claimed by both the partially recognized Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic and Morocco.
Occupied by Spain from 1884 to 1975, as Spanish Sahara, the territory has been listed with the United Nations as a case of incomplete decolonization since the 1960s, making it the last major territory to effectively remain a colony, according to the UN. The conflict is largely between the Kingdom of Morocco and the national liberation movement known as Polisario Front (Popular Front for the Liberation of the Saguia el-Hamra and Río de Oro), which in February 1976 formally proclaimed the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR), now basically administered by a government in exile in Tindouf, Algeria.
Following to the Madrid Accords, the territory was partitioned between Morocco and Mauritania in November 1975, with Morocco acquiring the northern two-thirds. Mauritania, under pressure from the POLISARIO guerrillas, abandoned all claims to its portion in August 1979, with Morocco moving to annex that sector shortly thereafter and has since asserted administrative control over the majority of the territory. A portion is administered by the SADR. The Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic was seated as a member of the Organisation of African Unity in 1984, and was a founding member of the African Union. Guerrilla activities continued until a United Nations-monitored cease-fire was implemented September 6, 1991 via the mission MINURSO. The mission patrols the separation line between the two territories.
In 2003, the UN's envoy to the territory, James Baker, presented the Baker Plan, known as Baker II which would have given Western Sahara immediate autonomy as the Western Sahara Authority during a five-year transition period to prepare for a referendum, offering the inhabitants of the territory a choice between independence, autonomy within the Kingdom of Morocco, or complete integration with Morocco. POLISARIO has accepted the plan, but Morocco has rejected it. Previously in 2001, Baker had presented their framework plan, called Baker I, where the dispute would be finally solved through an autonomy within Moroccan sovereignty, but Algeria and the Polisario Front refused it. Algeria had proposed the partition of the territory instead.
Suffrage
The population under Moroccan control participates in countrywide and regional Moroccan elections. A referendum on independence or integration with Morocco was agreed upon by Morocco and the Polisario Front in 1991, but it has yet to take place.
The population under SADR control and in the Sahrawi refugee camps of Tindouf, Algeria, participates in elections to the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic.
See also
Foreign relations of Morocco#Western Sahara
Legal status of Western Sahara
References
Sokollu Mehmed Pasha Mosque is the name of some 16th-century Ottoman mosques built for grand vizier Sokollu Mehmed Pasha, and may refer to:
Sokollu Mehmed Pasha Mosque, Azapkapı, (built 1578) in Beyoğlu district of Istanbul, Turkey
Sokollu Mehmed Pasha Mosque, Büyükçekmece, (built 1567) in Büyükçekmece district of Istanbul Province, Turkey
Sokollu Mehmed Pasha Mosque, Kadırga, (built 1571) in Fatih district of Istanbul, Turkey
Sokollu Mehmed Pasha Mosque, Lüleburgaz, (built 1569) in Lüleburgaz district of Kırklareli Province, Turkey
tr:Sokullu Mehmet Paşa Cami
The 2020 United States presidential election in Kentucky was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Kentucky voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Kentucky has eight electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump won Kentucky by a 25.9% margin in this election. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Trump would win, or a safe red state. The Bluegrass State has not supported a Democratic nominee since it narrowly supported fellow Southerner Bill Clinton in 1996. Trump's overhaul of Obama-era coal emissions standards helped them win coal-industry households, once again sweeping the historically-Democratic Eastern Kentucky counties. Trump also carried 83% of White evangelical/born-again Christians, per exit polls by the Associated Press. In addition to Trump's victory in the Commonwealth, Biden became the first Democrat to win the presidency without winning Elliott County since the county was founded in 1869, as well as only the second Democrat to ever lose Elliott County in a presidential election, preceded only by Hillary Clinton four years earlier. This also marks the second consecutive election in which no county in the Eastern Kentucky Coalfield voted Democratic, albeit the first time since 2008 that any of said counties experienced a Democratic swing. Furthermore, this is the first time since 1948 that Fayette County, the second-most populous county in the state and home to the city of Lexington, voted to the left of Jefferson County, the most populous county in the state and home to the city of Louisville, in a presidential election.
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for May 19, 2020. On March 16, they were moved to June 23 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic.
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump ran unopposed in the Republican primary. The state has 46 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Results
Statewide results
Results by county
By congressional district
Trump won 5 of 6 congressional districts.
See also
United States presidential elections in Kentucky
2020 Kentucky elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Kentucky
2020
Presidential
Fr. Joseph Darlington SJ (1850–1939), was an English-born Jesuit Priest, who served as Dean of Studies and Professor of English in University College Dublin, at the time a Jesuit College. James Joyce was one of their pupils at UCD, and Joyce based the character Fr Butt SJ in A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man on him. Darlington was also Dean of the Medical School in Cecilia Street, from 1902.
The second son of Ralph Darlington of Wigan, they matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford in 1869, graduating B.A. in 1874, and M.A. in 1876. They were ordained as an Anglican priest; they later converted to Catholicism, becoming a Jesuit.
Darlington contributed to the St. Stephens magazine in UCD. In 1895 they were first editor of The Sheaf magazine for the St Joseph's Young Priests Society.
References
1850 births
1939 deaths
People associated with University College Dublin
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism
19th-century English Jesuits
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Cameraria platanoidiella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Connecticut, New York and Ohio in the United States.
The wingspan is 6.5–8 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus bicolor and Quercus macrocarpa. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. The larva is of the flat type, and when mature spins an oval flat cocoon.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Cameraria at microleps.org
Cameraria (moth)
Leaf miners
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1908
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Coccothrinax camagueyana is a palm which is endemic to east central Cuba.
Henderson et al. (1995) considered C. camagueyana to be a synonym of Coccothrinax gundlachii.
References
camagueyana
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1981
The Ngolo River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
"See How They Fly" is the ninth episode and series finale of the HBO superhero drama miniseries Watchmen, based on the 1986 DC Comics series of the same name by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons. It was written by Nick Cuse and Damon Lindelof and directed by Frederick E.O. Toye, and aired on December 15, 2019. The finale sees the two competing plots within Tulsa to kidnap Doctor Manhattan come to a head, while Adrian Veidt prepares to finally escape their exile.
Synopsis
Trieu, shown to be the daughter of Adrian Veidt from artificial insemination, visits Veidt in Karnak in 2008. They reveal their relation to Veidt as well as their knowledge that they engineered the 1985 squid attack (and subsequent squid rains), but warns that it did not produce their desired outcome of lasting world peace. Trieu requests Veidt's financial assistance to build a quantum centrifuge capable of extracting Doctor Manhattan's powers, in hopes of finding a more permanent solution for saving humanity. Trieu reveals they know Manhattan is on Europa and has launched a probe to arrive there in 2013 to visually confirm their whereabouts. Veidt refuses to help or acknowledge them as their daughter.
On Europa, Veidt uses the horseshoe to escape their cell as a spacecraft lands outside the castle. The Game Warden tries to stop him, but Veidt stabs them with the horseshoe, revealing they created the Game Warden to be an adversary over the last eight years. The craft lifts off, showing that Veidt had spelled out "SAVE ME DAUGHTER" using the clones' bodies for Trieu's probe to capture. Veidt is encased in gold for the return trip. Trieu is shown to have recovered the craft after it crashed at the Clarks' farm, and kept Veidt as a statue in their vivarium garden since then. Trieu revives Veidt with an hour left before the Millennium Clock activates; Veidt is impressed that they successfully built the centrifuge, but is appalled that Trieu cloned their mother Bian. The centrifuge detaches from the clock and floats towards the Greenwood district of Tulsa, while Trieu and their staff set up equipment underneath it.
At the Kavalry headquarters, several high-ranking politicians arrive, revealed as members of Cyclops, including the elder Joe Keene Sr. Laurie discovers that Wade has disguised themselves as one of the Kavalry, having survived the attack at their house. Doctor Manhattan is teleported to the headquarters following the Kavalry attack on Angela's house. Joe explains to the gathered audience that Cyclops' original long-term plan was to revolt against President Robert Redford by arranging racially-charged events like the White Night. After discovering Manhattan's presence on Earth when one of the Kavalry members was teleported to New Mexico during the White Night, the Kavalry changed course and decided to obtain Manhattan's powers.
Angela shows up to try to stop the event, but Keene ignores them warning. They enter a booth, but just as the system is activated, the entire area is teleported to Greenwood by Trieu. Trieu explains they needed the Kavalry to capture Manhattan without them detecting their own involvement. Due to the Kavalry's ineffective safety measures, Keene is liquefied during the process; their remains spill across the area and into Manhattan's cage once Trieu opens the booth. Trieu proceeds to kill the Cyclops members on behalf of Will as revenge for their crimes against people of color. During this time, Manhattan uses Keene's liquid remains to circumvent the cage inhibiting their powers, teleporting Veidt, Laurie, and Wade to Karnak. Manhattan tells Angela they did not teleport them as they did not want to be alone when they die, as Trieu activates the centrifuge to take Manhattan's powers. Manhattan tells Angela they love them before they are destroyed and their powers are captured.
At Karnak, Veidt uses the device spawning the benign squid rains to generate a more destructive storm of frozen squid over Tulsa. Laurie calls Angela in time to allow them and Bian to take cover, while the squid rain destroys the centrifuge before the transfer of Manhattan's powers can be completed, killing Trieu when it falls onto them Angela takes shelter at a nearby movie theater, where Will is waiting for them with their children. Will reveals Manhattan had made a deal with themselves and Trieu, having anticipated the events of the night in order to ensure their powers are not placed in the wrong hands.
Veidt offers Laurie and Wade Nite Owl's airship "Archie" (short for Archimedes in the original comic) to return to society. Laurie places Veidt under arrest, with Wade having a copy of Veidt's 1985 tape to President Redford on hand as evidence.
Angela invites Will to stay with their family as they take their children back home. As they clean up broken eggs from an argument between them and Manhattan earlier in the night, they recall that Manhattan told them once that they could transfer their powers to someone else through an organic medium. Finding an unbroken egg, Angela goes to their pool, eats the egg, and prepares to walk on water across the pool. The screen cuts to black as their foot touches the water.
Production
Lindelof stated that the writers had decided early in production that the series finale would revolve around Lady Trieu attempting to take Doctor Manhattan's powers for herself. They had additionally written an idea for Senator Keene to have a mind control device capable of controlling the Seventh Kavalry and Tulsa police through their masks, which would culminate in Will taking control of the device. During production of subsequent episodes, the writers instead opted to have the Kavalry themselves attempt to capture Doctor Manhattan, and reworked Trieu's plot to work in conjunction with the Kavalry storyline. Additionally, the writers decided on a climax involving a squid attack over Tulsa, in hopes of evoking the city-wide devastation at the end of the original comic.
The episode uses the Spooky Tooth cover of "I Am the Walrus" by The Beatles as the credits song. Lindelof stated that "I Am the Walrus" is well known to have imaginative lyrics that The Beatles themselves have not offered to explain. Lindelof and the writers found ways to incorporate many of the song's lyrics into the episode. The episode's title, "See How They Fly," refers to the falling frozen squid, while other lyrics like "Pretty little police officers in a row" and "Yellow matter custard Dripping from a dead dog's eye" were reflected in visual elements of the episode.
Lindelof and their team had considered three possible endings of this episode: in addition to the one where Angela eats the egg and attempts to step onto the pool, they considered one where they simply crushed the egg in their hand, and another of putting the egg back into the carton and into the refrigerator. Staying with the choice where Angela eats the egg, they then debated how far they should go with the final shot, cutting the scene short to leave the implication vague. Lindelof said they do not consider the ending to be a cliffhanger, and that they intended to imply that Angela received Doctor Manhattan's powers via the egg.
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, "See How They Fly" received a 91% approval rating, based on an average 8.62 out of 10 rating from 23 reviews. The summary of the critical consensus is "With its interconnected storylines, stellar performances, and complex themes, "See How They Fly" does the impossible and ends Damon Lindelof's adaptation of Watchmen spectacularly."
Ratings
"See How They Fly" was watched by 935,000 viewers on its first live broadcast, and had over 1.6 million viewers when combined with repeated runs and streaming, exceeding the series' pilot viewership of 1.5 million.
References
External links
"See How They Fly" at HBO.com
2019 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Damon Lindelof
Watchmen (TV series) episodes
American television series finales
The Bowditch effect, also known as the Treppe phenomenon and the Treppe effect, is an autoregulation method by which myocardial tension increases with an increase in heart rate. It was first observed by Henry Pickering Bowditch in 1871.
Mechanism
The underlying cause of the Bowditch effect is an increase in the calcium concentration in the sarcoplasmic reticulum of cardiac muscle cells, and its increased release into sarcoplasm.
One of the explanations for an increase in the intracellular calcium concentration is the inability of the Na+/K+-ATPase to keep up with influx of sodium at higher heart rates. When a higher heart rate occurs, for example due to adrenergic stimulation, the L-type calcium channel has increased activity. The sodium-calcium exchanger (which allows 3 Na+ to flow down its electrochemical gradient in exchange for 1 Ca++ ion to flow out of the cell) works to decrease the levels of intracellular calcium. As the heart rate becomes more robust, and the length of diastole decreases, the Na+/K+-ATPase, which removes the Na+ brought into the cell by the Na+/Ca++ exchanger, does not keep up with the rate of Na+ influx. This leads to a less efficient Na+/Ca++ exchange, since the gradient is decreasing for sodium and the driving force behind calcium transport is actually the concentration gradient of sodium, therefore Ca++ builds up within the cell. This results in an accumulation of calcium in the myocardial cell via the sodium calcium exchanger and leads to a greater state of inotropism, a mechanism which is also seen with cardiac glycosides.
Alternatively, another mechanism is that the Na+-Ca++ membrane exchanger, which operates continually, has less time to remove the Ca++ that arrives in the cell. This occurs because of the decreased length of diastole with positive chronotropy. With an increased intracellular Ca++ concentration, there follows a positive inotropy.
It has also been observed that increased heart rate stimulates SERCA2a, which increases the calcium inflow and content in the sarcoplasmic reticulum. This activation of SERCA2a is indirectly by the phosphorylation of phospholamban (PLN) by calmodulin kinase II (CAMK).
Clinical significance
Positive Bowditch effect causes an increase in cardiac output due to the increased force of contraction of heart muscles.
This phenomenon is usually absent or even reversed (negative Bowditch effect) in heart failure and other diseases of heart, such as cardiomyopathy and coronary artery disease. This is termed as the null or inverse staircase phenomenon. The probable cause for this effect is attributed to mutations in SERCA2a.
History
The Bowditch effect was first observed by Henry Pickering Bowditch in 1871, after whom it is named.
References
Cardiovascular diseases
For the purpose of regional broadcasting on NRK, Norway is divided into 11 districts. 10 of these districts follow county boundaries and provide services in the Norwegian language, while one overlaps the other districts and provides services in the Sami languages. Each district includes one district office along with several subordinate local offices.
Regional broadcasting output generally comes from the district offices, though some of the local offices contain newsrooms and production facilities able to supplement output from the district office or produce separate programming altogether. Regional services include the following radio and TV output:
Radio
NRK's P1 radio channel carries regional programming on Mondays through Fridays from 6.03 to 9.00 local time (including national news summaries on the hour and half hour) and from 14.03 to 17.00 (with national news at 15.00 and 16.00), as well as two-minute regional news updates each hour from 9.03 to 16.03 inclusive. On Saturdays there are two-minute regional bulletins at 8.03, 9.03, and 10.03. These programmes come from 15 different offices (including one for the capital).
P1 is broadcast digitally (via DAB+ and satellite) as well as being available on cable and via the internet. Analogue broadcasting on FM – hitherto the channel's main method of transmission – ended in 2017.
Television
NRK1 carries regional news, produced at the district offices, Mondays through Thursdays from 19.45–20.00 and 22.55–23.00 and Fridays from 19.30-19.40. Except during the summer holiday period, all regional news programmes are repeated nationwide in a 150-minute sequence on NRK2 overnight as well as in the later part of the following morning.
Norwegian language districts
Sami language district
References
Edward Vaughan (or Wagham) (died 1522) was a Welsh bishop of St David's, remembered for construction work in their diocese.
Life
 They are assumed to have been of Welsh origin, according to some a native of South Wales. They were born about the middle of the fifteenth century, and was educated at Cambridge, where they graduated LL.D. On 21 June 1487 they were instituted to the church of St. Matthew, Friday Street, London, and subsequently became vicar of St Mary's Church, Islington also. At St. Paul's Cathedral they were successively promoted to the prebend of Reculverland, on 15 April 1493, that of Harleston, 16 November 1499, and was made treasurer 10 November 1503, holding along with the latter the prebend of Bromesbury in the same church. They built a house near St. Paul's for their successors in the treasurership, and distributed five hundred marks to the poor in London in time of dearth. They were made archdeacon of Lewes in 1509, and on 22 July in the same year, vacating their London appointments, they were consecrated bishop of St. David's, to which they were promoted by the pope's bull of provision dated 13 January 1509.
They erected at St. David's the chapel which still bears their name. On its walls they placed three coats-of-arms their own, those of Henry VII, and of Sir Rhys ap Thomas, probably a past patron, and who spent their latter days at Carew Castle, close to Lamphey, at that time an episcopal residence. They remodelled and roofed the lady chapel and its ante-chapel, while the roof of the nave, and probably also the porch and the upper stage of the tower, belong to their period. They also built the chapel at Lamphey, and John Leland ascribes to them the chapel of St. Justinian (now in ruins), the chapel at Llawhaden Castle, where Vaughan often resided, and a great barn (now destroyed) at Lamphey. The interior decoration of Hodgeston church is supposed to be his.
Vaughan died in November 1522, and was buried in the chapel which they built and which bears their name. Over them was placed a marble tomb, with their effigy in brass; what now remains is a large slab of shell marble, immediately in front of the altar.
References
Attribution
1522 deaths
Bishops of St Davids
Archdeacons of Lewes
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
15th-century English clergy
Year of birth unknown
16th-century English Roman Catholic bishops
Burials at St Davids Cathedral
Heaton, Butler and Bayne were an English firm who produced stained-glass windows from 1862 to 1953.
History
Clement Heaton (1824–82) founded their own stained glass firm in 1852, joined by James Butler in 1855. Between 1859 and 1861 they worked alongside Clayton and Bell and were joined by Robert Turnill Bayne (1837–1915), who became their sole designer and a full partner in the firm in 1862. The firm was known as Heaton, Butler and Bayne from 1862.
Their windows show strong design and colour, and are often recognisable by the inclusion of at least one figure with Bayne's features and long beard. They established their studio in Covent Garden, London, and went on to become one of the leading firms of Gothic Revival stained glass manufacturers, whose work was commissioned by the principal Victorian architects. A change in direction came with their production of windows to the designs of Henry Holiday in 1868, which show a more classical influence at work. During a long career, the firm produced stained glass for numerous churches throughout the Britain and the Empire, as well as the United States.
Westminster Abbey includes a Heaton, Butler and Bayne window, installed in 1868, an early example of the work of Henry Holiday. Also the stained glass in the east window of the Parish Church of St Mary Magdalene, Gillingham. Other windows by this firm are in Wimborne Minster 1857, Peterborough Cathedral 1864 and St Mary's Parish Church, Hampton c1888.
A documentary film, Stained Glass Masters: Heaton, Butler and Bayne, was produced in 2000 by the filmmaker Karl Krogstad. The documentary was narrated by Edgar Award winning author Burl Barer.
Selected works
Adoration of the Magi (1869) in Tewkesbury Abbey, Gloucestershire.
Faith, Hope, and Charity (1896) in the church of St Mary the Virgin Staverton, Northamptonshire.
“Memorial Window to C. H. Crompton-Roberts of Drybridge House, Monmouth” (August 1894).
The Sower St Lawrence's Church, St Lawrence, Isle of Wight
“Rev. James McIvor Memorial Stained Glass Window” (c.1909) in St Eugene's Church of Ireland Church (1724), Newtownstewart, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland BT78 4AA
East Window of the Church of St Nicholas, Trellech, Monmouthshire.
West Window of Fraumünster Zürich, Switzerland.
Several windows in St Saviour's Episcopal Church in Bar Harbor, Maine.
Several windows in St Matthew's Cathedral in Laramie, Wyoming, USA.
Windows in the Royal Memorial Church of St George, Cannes.
Four windows (1900-1906) in Cathedral of the Holy Trinity (Quebec), Canada.
St James Church, Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. Set of windows
23 stained glass windows (1907-1925) in Calvary Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.
15 stained glass windows (1878, 1890) in the Church of Jesus Christ, St. Petersburg, Russia Stained glass in Russia
Windows at the former St. Alban's Church, Olney in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
See also
Stained glass - British glass, 1811-1918
References
External links
"Stained glass masters"
Buckinghamshire Stained Glass
Heaton Butler and Bayne
Glassmaking companies of the United Kingdom
British companies established in 1855
Manufacturing companies established in 1855
1855 establishments in England
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1980–81 season.
Overview
Al Salmiya Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1980-81
1980–81 in Asian association football leagues
1
Gelb is a German surname meaning "yellow" and a nickname for man with red hair in Yiddish. People with the surname Gelb or Gelbs include:
Anne Gelb, American mathematician
Arthur Gelb, former managing editor of The New York Times
Bruce Gelb, American business person and diplomat
Howe Gelb, American musician
Ignace Gelb (1907–1985), Polish American ancient historian
Jan Gelb (1906-1978), American artist
Jerry Gelb, actor, voice actor and voice casting professional
Lawrence M. Gelb (1898–1980), American chemist
Leslie H. Gelb (1937-2019), American correspondent
Michael H. Gelb, biochemist and professor at the University of Washington
Michael J. Gelb, writer and trainer, specialising in personal development and corporate training seminars
Peter Gelb (born 1953), American arts administrator
Richard L. Gelb (1924–2004), American business person
Steve Gelbs (born 1987), American sports reporter
Cameraria wislizeniella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 2.4-4.7 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus agrifolia, Quercus wislizeni and Quercus wislizeni var. frutescens. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is oblong to ovoid, occasionally circular. The epidermis is opaque, green yellow. Mines usually cross the midrib. They are solitary, there is usually only one mine per leaf, usually with a single fold, but occasionally two folds.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1971
Lepidoptera of the United States
Fauna of California
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Yanticaw Park is an Essex County-owned park in Nutley, New Jersey along the Third River. It is located between Centre Street and Chestnut Street, extending east to Passaic Avenue.
History
After tremendous pressure from Nutley residents, Essex County began purchasing land in 1911 for creation of the park. Wetlands in the park were drained, and a dam was set up to form a lake. The park was completed in 1914. In 1962, the lake, containing a small island
was drained and a channel was dug as a continuation of the natural Third River from the south.
"Girls' Park"
The lower section of the park, east of Park Drive, is commonly known as Girls' Park. This is the part of the park containing the Third River. It also includes the Frank A. Cocchiola Memorial Playground, completed in 2003 and dedicated on April 17, 2006. The park has a rubberized safety surface and equipment manufactured by GameTime. Gym classes from adjacent Nutley High School are commonly seen running through the park. North of the park is a public basketball court.
In 2010, the court, along with the playground bathroom facilities, were completely renovated.
"Boys' Park"
The upper section of the park, between Park Drive and Passaic Avenue, contains the Carmen A. Orechio Recreation Complex.
This complex includes an artificial turf softball field, plus a grass one and a large grass baseball field. All were newly graded in 2010.
References
External links
Yanticaw Park - Essex County Park System
1914 establishments in New Jersey
Nutley, New Jersey
Parks in Essex County, New Jersey
Protected areas established in 1914
County parks in New Jersey
Stanley William Cross was an English executioner from Wormwood Scrubs. Their career lasted from 1932 to 1941, during which they carried out four hangings as a chief executioner and assisted at 20 others.
Cross, an ex-serviceman, received training at Pentonville Prison in 1932. They assisted in their first hanging on 8 June 1933. Over the next few years, they usually worked as an assistant to Thomas Pierrepoint. They were finally promoted in 1940 and carried out their first commission as chief executioner on 31 July 1940. They also executed two German spies, Jose Waldeburg and Carl Meier, in December. However, Cross apparently miscalculated their prisoners' drop lengths.
They last appeared at an execution on 19 September 1941.
See also
List of executioners
References
1892 births
Year of death unknown
English executioners
People from Fulham
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 122 (P. Oxy. 122 or P. Oxy. I 122) is a letter to a praefect, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the late 3rd or 4th century. Currently it is housed in the British Museum (768) in London, England.
Description
The document is a letter to Agenor, a praefect, probably of a legion. It is from Gaianus. The author's high rank is indicated by the fact that they place their own name before that of the praefect, among other things. The probable fact that Gaianus was more accustomed to Latin than Greek is indicated by their handwriting, which is Latin and characterized by the occasional appearance of Latin letter forms. The document is written in a cursive hand, which is remarkable for the use of the rough breathing mark. The measurements of the fragment are 258 by 180 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
Text
From ...s Gaianus. Greeting, my good brother Agenor! I received at once about the day of the Saturnalia what you despatched to me. I should have sent to you myself more quickly if I had had more soldiers with me; but ... went back and we cannot catch a single animal. I send for your use ...
I pray, my dear brother, for your lasting health and prosperity.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 121
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 123
References
122
3rd-century manuscripts
4th-century manuscripts
Claude Henry K. "Buddy" Young (January 5, 1926 – September 5, 1983) was an American football player and track and field athlete. A native of Chicago, they were Illinois state champ in the 100-yard dash. The 5'4" Young, also known as the "Bronze Bullet", had exceptional quickness and acceleration.  They are one of the shortest men ever to play in the National Football League (NFL), they were drafted in the 1947 AAFC Draft in the Special Draft by the New York Yankees. As a track star at the University of Illinois, they won the National Collegiate Championships in the 100 and 220-yard dash, tied the world record for the 45 and 60-yard dashes (6.1 in the latter event), and was the Amateur Athletic Union's 100-meter champion.
Early years
Young was as impressive on the gridiron as on the track. They received scholarship offers from several schools, including the University of Michigan, Drake University, Marquette University and the University of Illinois. They chose Illinois and established themselves as a star immediately. In their first game for the Illini, they scampered 64 yards for a touchdown on the first play from scrimmage. On their second carry, they ran for a 30-yard touchdown. In all, in their debut they gained 139 yards on 7 carries, an average of 19.7 yards. Before the season concluded, they scored 10 touchdowns equaling the Big Ten Conference record established by the immortal Red Grange in 1924.
These unusual early successes brought the first-year student running back national attention. "Not since the days when Red Grange was ripping up the sod...for Bob Zuppke and the Illini has there been so much pigskin excitement on the University of Illinois Campus." Sportscaster Bill Stern called them "The fastest thing in cleats and the runner of the year." Ray Eliot, Young's coach, referred to them as "The best running back I have ever seen." Only a first-year student, Young was named to several All-America teams.
Military service
Football, like other aspects of American life, had to endure wartime hardships. Manpower difficulties forced NFL teams to reduce their rosters from 33 to 25. Some colleges ended football programs for the duration. And most college players had their education and playing days interrupted by wartime commitments. Young was no different. In late January 1945, Young was drafted by the Navy. Initially they reported to the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, but was eventually transferred to the US Naval Training and Distribution Center, Shoemaker, California (also known as Fleet City), near what is now Dublin, California. Like many star athletes, Young played football for a service team. Coast service teams, one writer claimed, "unquestionably played the toughest football extant during the war. The personnel of the league were 30 percent All-American, 30 percent professional and 40 percent better than the average college squad."
In mid-December, the top two coast service teams met for the championship. In an earlier contest the Fleet City Bluejackets, Buddy's team, had prevailed 7–0. The championship game was played in Los Angeles at Memorial Stadium before 65,000 fans. It was one of Buddy Young's greatest games. After a scoreless first quarter, Young returned a kickoff for a 94-yard touchdown, they ran back another kickoff for an 88-yard touchdown, and took a hand-off from O'Rourke and scampered 30 yards for a third. The Bluejackets won the game 45–28 to complete an unbeaten season. They challenged the unbeaten West Point team, but the cadets refused the invitation.
Young's performance won accolades from players, coaches, writers, and fans. Charlie O'Rourke still talks excitedly about the game and Young's ability. An opponent stated that they had "never seen their equal" and Aldo Forte remarked: "I've seen the greatest in pro football. None can compare with Young." El Toro coach Dick Hanley, who had coached Northwestern, called Young "the greatest college back I've ever seen." Bluejackets Coach Bill Reinhart declared that they had "never seen anything like Buddy Young." Sports columnist Slip Madigan also considered Young superior to Blanchard and Davis. And comedian Bob Hope observed: "I'd heard of black magic...now I've seen it!"
Rumors circulated that once Young fulfilled their service obligation they would be drafted by the NFL or lured to the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) to play for the Bruins. Neither proved true. Young returned to the University of Illinois and helped the Illini in the 1947 Rose Bowl, where they were named Co-Player of the Game, after Illinois hammered UCLA, 45–14.
World War II proved a major boon to sports integration. Not only did the war promote the ideals of democracy and fair play, it also gave blacks a chance to showcase their talents on college, semi-professional and service teams. In football, three of the most talented minority athletes during the war years were Bill Willis, Marion Motley and Young. Buddy was one of the first black men to play pro football; they played on teams where they were typically one of two or three black players, and undoubtedly they had their rough spots, but their warm, bubbling personality carried them through, and made them immensely popular.
Professional career
New York Yankees (AAFC)
Young played ten years in pro football. They were one of the special selections awarded to the New York Yankees in the 1947 AAFC Draft. In 1950, Young, along with many of the other Yankee players, joined the New York Yanks of the National Football League when the AAFC folded.
New York Yanks / Baltimore Colts
The Yanks moved to Dallas after the 1951 NFL season, and the franchise folded after one season there. The holdings and the players of the defunct Texans franchise were awarded to the new Baltimore Colts franchise. Young came with the franchise to Dallas and then was one of 11 Texans players who subsequently played for the Colts. Young retired from football after the 1955 season.
Young was a threat at several positions: five times in their professional career, they eclipsed 1,000 all purpose yards, and in 1954, they were selected to the NFL Pro Bowl team. Over their nine-year professional career, NFL and AAFL, Young averaged 4.6 yards per carry as a running back, over 15 yards per reception as a receiver, and almost 28 yards per kickoff return, peaking at a remarkable 34.4 yards per return for the Colts in 1953. In a 1953 game against the Philadelphia Eagles, Young returned the opening kickoff 104 yards for a touchdown; at the time, this was the second longest kickoff return in NFL history.
Later life and honors
Young was the first Colt to have their number retired and, in 1966, the first African-American executive hired by the NFL. At their death in 1983 in a car accident, they were 57 years old, lived in Hartsdale, New York and was Director of Player Relations for the NFL.
References
External links
1926 births
1983 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
American football halfbacks
Baltimore Colts players
Dallas Texans (NFL) players
Illinois Fighting Illini men's track and field athletes
Illinois Fighting Illini football players
National Football League executives
New York Yankees (AAFC) players
New York Yanks players
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Track and field athletes from Chicago
Players of American football from Chicago
African-American players of American football
Road incident deaths in Texas
People from Hartsdale, New York
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
United States Navy personnel of World War II
20th-century African-American sportspeople
National Football League players with retired numbers
20th-century African-American men
David Lawrence Levy (November 7, 1936 – December 11, 2014) was a children's rights activist. The National Partnership for Community Leadership (NPCL) presented Levy with the 2011 Charles Ballard Advocacy Award at NPCL's conference in Washington, D.C.
In 1985, Levy co-founded The National Council for Children's Rights, renamed The Children's Rights Council in 1992. Levy served as Board President until October 2009. They were the CEO from its inception until they became Board President on July 25, 2008. CRC is a global non-profit organization dedicated to protecting a child's right to have two parents and an extended family, regardless of the parents' marital status. Levy is President emeritus of CRC. They published Revolt of the Animals, a fantasy novel, in 2010, and has completed a book entitled Child in the Middle, which, though unpublished, has been cited with Levy's permission by authors of other books, including a book by Dr. Ron Mincy of Columbia University, an authority on research affecting never-married parents and their children.
Levy has completed another book, Viktor IV, about a modern artist who lived on a houseboat in the Amstel River in Holland from 1961-86. Levy knew Viktor IV when they were both students at the university of Florida. Levy has authored four books, all on different topics, fiction and non-fiction.
Levy is co-director of the Children's Rights Fund for Maryland, an organization advocating joint custody (shared parenting) for children of separation, divorce, and never-married parents. The Fund also provides low cost attorneys for parents in need affected by custody and access (visitation) issues.
Levy was appointed by Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley to the Child Custody Decision-Making Commission in the Fall of 2013. The Commission has held hearings around the state, and is now working on legislative proposals to be presented to the 2015 Maryland legislature. Levy also provides supervised visitations in the Washington, D.C. area and consults on custody related topics in the U.S. and abroad. They also provide job shadowing to help prepare young people for careers and jobs.
Early life
A native of Yonkers, New York, Levy attended the University of Florida where they received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1958 prior to matriculating to the University of Florida Law School from which they received their Juris Doctor in 1961. They spent a year in Israel (1969–1970), and upon their return to the U.S., they wrote freelance articles for The Washington Post and other publications.
Career
As President of the CRC, Levy directed the Board of Trustees to strengthen families and reduce the trauma of divorce to children through supporting legislation and programs which favor Shared Parenting (joint custody) mediation, liberal access/parenting time, and emotional and financial child support. Levy edited CRC's quarterly newsletter, Children. Levy was responsible for CRC's 16 national conferences that attracted judges, lawyers, researchers, educators, elected officials, and custody reform activists. Levy also helped to guide the organization's access and visitation centers that provide neutral drop off and pick-up of children and supervised access (visitation). The flagship parenting time centers are in Prince George's County, Maryland, with a grant provided by the Prince George's County Circuit Court.
Honors and achievements
Levy was named one of the "25 Most Influential People in our Children's Lives" in the October 2009 issue of Children's Health. Others named in the article include Sasha and Malia Obama, Arne Duncan, Melinda Gates, and SpongeBob SquarePants. Levy is quoted in the article as stating "The trend is slowly moving in our direction--President Obama talks a lot about absentee fathers who need to take responsibility. (But) they may not realize that there are millions of parents who want to be involved (in their children's lives), but the road is blocked."
Levy had an article published entitled "Lending a Hand One Child at a Time: The Children's Rights Council's Child access and Transfer Centers" in The American Journal of Family Therapy Levy received a "Lifelong Achievement Award" for their "untiring efforts on behalf of the Children of America" from the National Child Support Office in September 2000. Levy and CRC received the 1996 Distinguished Service to Children award from Parents without Partners International, and the 1996 Legislative Achievement award from the National Parents' Day Coalition. In 1989, Levy received the Prince George's County Civic Association award for convincing Prince's George County, Maryland, to hire the first access (visitation) mediator east of Michigan.
Levy has written several articles on the subject of child custody and divorce mediation which have been published in prominent legal journals as well as noted in general interest publications. They edited the CRC book The Best Parent is Both Parents, (1994). They also authored the novel The Potomac Conspiracy (1976). Among their professional affiliations, Levy was admitted to the Washington, D.C. Bar and the United States Supreme Court Bar. They were a board member of the Supervised Visitation Network and Stepfamily Association of America. Active in community affairs, Levy was the Social Action Vice President of the Tifereth Israel Congregation, Washington, D.C. They served as President of the Beth Torah Congregation from 1984 through 1986 during which time they were responsible for implementing a fundraising drive which turned the financially imperiled congregation into a financially viable organization (1985).
Death
Levy died on December 11, 2014, at the age of 78.
References
External links
Children's Rights Council
David L. Levy, J.D. - Custody Consultant
Washington Post, Maryland's Broken Custody System
Divorce Without Dishonor, Book Review by David L. Levy, J.D.
The Best Parent is Both Parents, edited by David L. Levy
2014 deaths
American nonprofit executives
1936 births
20th-century American lawyers
Mary Lewis may refer to:
Mary Lewis (actor), actor and filmmaker from Newfoundland
Mary Lewis (singer), American singer
Mary Parker Lewis, political consultant
Mary Edmonia Lewis (1844–1907), American sculptor
Mary Jane Lewis (disambiguation), various people
Mary Anne Lewis, Viscountess Beaconsfield, wife of Disraeli
Mary Geiger Lewis (born 1958), United States District Judge
Mary Butler Lewis (1903–1970), American anthropologist
Mary Lewis (archaeologist), professor of archaeology
Mary D. Lewis, professor of French history
Mary Jeffreys Lewis (1852–1926), British-born American actor
See also
Lewis (surname)
Little Birds Have Fast Hearts, Nos. 1 and 2, is a pair of live albums by the Die Like a Dog Quartet: saxophonist Peter Brötzmann, trumpeter Toshinori Kondo, bassist William Parker, and drummer Hamid Drake. The albums were recorded in November 1997 at the 30th "Total Music Meeting" held at the Podewil in Berlin, and were released in 1998 (No. 1) and 1999 (No. 2) by FMP.
In the liner notes to the first album, Alan Warner wrote: "this music it wont be, shant be taken from you and brutalised and stolen, they cant take this brave, honest music and use it to sell whisky and car tyres in our plastic, MTV satellite old madame europe, like your childhood memories this music is both safe and dangerous at the same time."
In 2007, the albums were reissued as part of the compilation Die Like a Dog Quartet: The Complete FMP Recordings."
Reception
The albums were included in The Wire's 1998 and 1999 year-end Rewinds listing 50 notable recordings.
Regarding the 1998 release, AllMusic reviewer Joslyn Lane wrote: "there is no 'casual' mode, there is no collapsing into old forms, this is a work-out, and all four musicians give 100 percent as they are known to do. This is not music for people wanting to hear some nice jazz, some hum-along-able standards; this is music for listeners who want to take a journey and are willing to let this quartet steer." Concerning the 1999 release, Lane stated: "Little Birds Have Fast Hearts, No. 2 complements the first volume, including more of this quartet's excellent interplay and self-feeding energy."
The authors of the Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings'' awarded the albums 4 stars, calling Parker and Drake "the best 'rhythm section' Brötz has had for years." They commented: "Kondo, one of the most unfettered and genie-like spirits in free playing, is far too seldom encountered in this kind of situation now and their madcap sounds are the heat-haze high-altitude counter to Peter's massive, earth-rooted oratory."
Author Todd S. Jenkins stated: "all is spontaneously improvised and absolutely frenetic. Parker and Drake pave the way with brisk turns and spills, trying to trip up the dextrous hornmen with little success. On the second volume, Brötzmann stretches out on both clarinet and tarogato, complementing the cloudless pitch of Kondo's trumpet."
Peter Margasak, in a 1999 article for the Chicago Reader, called the albums "the best work I've heard from any of Brotzmann's ensembles in five years," and remarked: "Kondo adapts the dark, smeary sound of Miles's better electric albums..., stripping off the funky grooves and running them through Brotzmann and Parker's sublimely muscular improvisational wringer."
Track listing
Composed by Peter Brötzmann.
No. 1
"Part 1" – 45:45
"Part 2" – 21:59
No. 2
"Part 3" – 20:19
"Part 4" – 25:41
"Part 5" – 8:48
"Part 6" – 4:25
Personnel
Peter Brötzmann – tenor saxophone, tárogató, clarinet
Toshinori Kondo – trumpet, electronics
William Parker – double bass
Hamid Drake – drums
References
1998 live albums
1999 live albums
Peter Brötzmann live albums
Toshinori Kondo albums
William Parker (musician) live albums
Hamid Drake live albums
Live free jazz albums
FMP Records live albums
Alanköy is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1979–80 season.
Overview
Al Arabi Kuwait won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1979–80
1979–80 in Asian association football leagues
football
Denton railway station serves the town of Denton in Tameside, Greater Manchester, England, on the Stockport–Stalybridge line. It is served by two trains a week, one in each direction on Saturday mornings.
The orientation of the line, running south-west to north-east, is a clue to the origin of Denton Station; it stands on the former mainline of the London & North Western Railway between Crewe and Leeds via Stockport. The London & North Western Railway had already completed its line to Manchester via Stockport and now looked to expand to reach the woollen districts of the West Riding of Yorkshire, building quadruple tracks all the way to Huddersfield and Leeds via the Standedge tunnel.
History
The line between Guide Bridge and Heaton Norris Junction (north of ) was surveyed by the Manchester and Birmingham Railway in 1845 (shortly before it became part of the London and North Western Railway), and opened in 1849. A new station was opened by the LNWR in 1888 and the route was quadrupled in 1889. Before the Railways Act 1921, it was served by trains from Stockport to Ashton, Oldham, Rochdale and Stalybridge. A very limited passenger service ran to Manchester. Stalybridge could also be reached via and the Stalybridge Junction Railway. This route was opened in 1882 by the LNWR to avoid the congested junction at Guide Bridge, but closed to passengers in 1950.
The older route via Guide Bridge remained a useful link between the northern and southern Manchester rail networks and this ensured its continued use by British Rail until the late 1980s – before May 1989, an hourly service ran on weekdays along the route. The re-routing of the Leeds–Huddersfield–Manchester express service to Manchester Piccadilly at the May 1989 timetable change made the service essentially redundant though, as travellers could then access south Manchester services directly at Piccadilly, and its frequency was substantially cut: by 1992, it had been reduced to just a single weekly train (the statutory minimum level necessary to avoid the requirement for formal closure proceedings).
North of the station is Denton Junction where the line divides, with the mainline going to Guide Bridge and the little-used branch to Ashton Moss. The latter route is normally used only by freight and empty stock transfer workings but is used also for diversions if the main line between Stockport and Manchester Piccadilly is closed for engineering work.
A further line to Droylsden diverged from this ( further on at Ashton Moss Junction), which at one time was used by direct trains from the East Lancashire Line to London Euston. That line was closed in 1969 and subsequently lifted. The LNWR built a short-lived station called Audenshaw on that line, which opened in 1888 and closed in 1905.
The station is a request stop, having two platforms in an island layout. In theory, prospective passengers must flag down the train as it approaches the station. However, in practice the train usually stops at every station on the line even if no passenger is waiting.
Least Used Station
With 30 passenger entries and exits between April 2011 and March 2012, Denton was the third-least used station in Great Britain. By 2015–16, the estimate of station usage had changed little, with 37 passenger journeys recorded for an entire year on the weekly train to Stalybridge. In 2018/19, Denton was deemed the least used station in Great Britain, tied with Stanlow & Thornton. Reddish South station, also in Greater Manchester and one stop south of the station, was ranked the third least used with just 60 entries and exits.
Closure proposal
Network Rail, in their Route Utilisation Strategy (RUS) for the North West, were proposing closure of Reddish South and Denton stations and withdrawal of the remaining passenger service. The line itself would remain open for freight and diverted passenger workings. However, an open-access operator called Grand Central had proposed using the line for services between London Euston and Bradford Interchange via the West Coast Main Line, using Guide Bridge station as a stop. That proposal has since been dropped.
The promotion of a passenger service through Denton Station seems uncertain, whilst the future of freight traffic seems more assured as evidenced by the North West Rail Utilisation Strategy May 2007 of Network Rail. A more frequent service was considered for the 2008 timetable shakeup, which was designed to implement major changes to service patterns on the West Coast Main Line; however, because of the track layout and congestion at Heaton Norris, operational analysis suggests "Timetabling the move across Heaton Norris is very likely to be problematic. Performance could be impacted by the crossing move at Heaton Norris Junction. If there are two passenger trains an hour on this line, it will be more difficult to hold freight trains on the Denton line, additionally affecting performance."
"[Reddish South and] Denton receives a minimal (once a week) service because anticipated demand has not justified increasing it. The operating cost of providing a service at this station exceeds the revenue and socio-economic benefit they generate, even before periodic renewal costs are considered." It further goes on to say that for passenger effects "The stations are both served by one train a week on a Saturday, in one direction only. A full impact analysis would be required prior to formal closure procedures, but it is reasonable to assume that any journey that could be made using this service could equally well be made by another mode. Data collection including observation on a representative Saturday has been unable to record any use of these stations. Consultation respondents cautioned against this option whilst uncertainty remains about local regeneration."
There is, however, an issue with this statement that the one-train-a-week service is on a Friday and not a Saturday, so it is most unlikely any passenger activity will be recorded.
The future of freight using the line through Denton seems to be more assured. It is proposed to improve gauge clearance to allow intermodal trains to/from Trafford Park to divert via Denton. A lack of a diversionary route for some freight trains to/from Trafford Park causes poor performance when there is disruption on the primary route. It also means that this traffic cannot run when there is a planned closure of the route. It is proposed to carry out this work provided it can be done at little or no extra cost through renewal works.
In the 2012 North West Route Utilisation Strategy Final Recommendations it was reported that provision of W9 and W10 gauge clearance that will allow intermodal trains to/from Trafford Park to divert via Denton, thus improving performance when the primary route is disrupted or closed (when traffic can not run) had been implemented. There were no remarks concerning RUS 5.3.2, the Stockport corridor.
Services
In the 20 May 2018 timetable changes, Northern introduced a return service at the station and changed the day of operation to Saturday. The first service departs at 08:56 to and returns at 09:56 to on Saturdays only. This was the first time in over twenty years that the station has had a service in both directions.
References
External links
Friends of Denton Station
Pictures of Reddish South and Denton stations on Flickr
Timetable, Denton station
Railway stations in Tameside
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Northern franchise railway stations
Low usage railway stations in the United Kingdom
Denton, Greater Manchester
Jana Plotnikova is Lithuanian female acrobatics gymnast. They competed in pair with Sergejus Jeriomkinas.
Plotnikova started acrobatics at the Visaginas Acrobatics Sports School.
In 1992 pair won silver in European championships, bronze in world championships and qualified for the World Games. In 1993 World Games Plotnikova/Jeriomkinas won silver in mixed pairs tempo event.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Lithuanian acrobatic gymnasts
Female acrobatic gymnasts
People from Visaginas
World Games silver medalists
Competitors at the 1993 World Games
Medalists at the Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships
John Strawhorn (May 1922 – 7 August 1997) was a Scottish educator and historian. They were a teacher in Girvan, Newmilns, Kilmarnock, Cumnock and Ayr, and retired in 1982 as Assistant Rector at Ayr Academy. Along with William Boyd, they wrote the Ayrshire volume of the Third Statistical Account of Scotland in 1951, the first volume to be published. They wrote Ayrshire at the Time of Burns in 1959 and later served as President of the Ayrshire Archaeological and Natural History Society. They specialised in Robert Burns, and also in the history of Mauchline, where they lived from 1961.
References
1922 births
1997 deaths
20th-century Scottish historians
Robert Burns
Scottish educational theorists
20th-century British historians
The 2020 United States presidential election in Indiana was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Indiana voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Indiana has 11 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Indiana was the home state of Pence, who served as Governor of Indiana from 2013 to 2017. Pence retained a 59% approval among voters in their home state.
On the day of the election, most news organizations considered Indiana a state Trump would win, or a likely red state. Trump won Indiana by 57% to Biden's 41%, a slight increase in their vote share from 2016, but with a reduction in their margin of victory. This election marked the first time since 1952 and only the third time since 1888 that Vigo County, home to Terre Haute and a significant bellwether county, voted for the losing candidate in a presidential election. Biden subsequently became the first presidential nominee of either party since Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952, and the first Democrat since Grover Cleveland in 1884, to win without carrying Vigo County. Biden also became the first Democrat since FDR in 1944 to win without carrying traditionally Democratic Perry County in Southern Indiana. Biden did flip Tippecanoe County, home to Lafayette, from Republican to Democratic. Trump also became the first Republican since Ronald Reagan in 1984 to carry exurban Madison County with more than 60% of the vote. This is also the first election since 1992 in which Indiana voted to the right of Kansas.
Notably, Biden reduced the Republican margin in Hamilton County, a suburban county in the Indianapolis metropolitan area that is the state's fourth-most populous county. Hamilton County has never supported a candidate of the Democratic Party for president except for 1912, when the split in the Republicans allowed Woodrow Wilson to carry the county with a 34.9% plurality. Hamilton broke 60%-38% for John McCain in 2008, when Barack Obama won Indiana. Mitt Romney won Hamilton County 66%-32% in 2012 and Trump won it 56%-37% in 2016, nearly identical to their statewide margin. In this election, Trump narrowly won Hamilton County, 52%-45%, a margin that is to the left of the statewide result. Biden's 45% vote share in Hamilton County is higher than that of even Lyndon B. Johnson in their nationwide landslide in 1964 and higher than that of Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. Biden's vote share in Hamilton is only equaled by Roosevelt's 44.85% share in their 1932 landslide.
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on June 2, 2020.
Republican primary
Donald Trump won the Republican primary, and received all of the state's 58 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
Libertarian nominee
The 2020 Libertarian National Convention was held on May 22–24, 2020, selecting Jo Jorgensen, Psychology Senior Lecturer at Clemson University, as their presidential nominee.
Green primary
The Green primary was held on May 1–31, 2020, with mail-in ballots being post marked no later than June 1, 2020, and results being published by June 14, 2020.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Results
Statewide results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Tippecanoe (the largest municipality: Lafayette)
Results by congressional district
Trump and Republican candidates won 7 of 9 congressional districts.
See also
United States presidential elections in Indiana
2020 Indiana elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
. (Describes bellwether Vigo County, Indiana)
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Indiana
2020
Presidential
Annabel Brooks (born 1962) is a British actor who has appeared on television and in films since the 1980s. Brooks is also the owner of Avenue Property Luxury Home Rentals & Escapes.
Biography
Them first on-screen role came in 1987 when they appeared as Eliza in Nightflyers. They have since appeared in productions including A Handful of Dust, The Witches and Last Run.
In 1981 Brooks married English director Damian Harris. They have one child together, daughter Ella. Later the couple divorced and Brooks married James Dearden.
Filmography
The Needs of Kim Stanley (2005) – themselves
Last Run (2001) – Tina
Sam's Game, episode "Mumma's" (2001) TV episode – Julie
Mauvaise passe (aka The Escort or The Wrong Blonde) (1999) – Annie
Plunkett & Macleane (1999) – Widow with Garter
Love Is the Devil: Study for a Portrait of Francis Bacon (1998) – Henrietta Moraes
Princess Caraboo (1994) – Lady Neville
The Witches (1990) – Nicola Cuttle
Dealers (1989) – Lucy
Paris by Night (1988) – Girl at Gillvray's Office
A Handful of Dust (1988) – Daisy
Cherry 2000 (1987) – Glu Glu Club Patron
Nightflyers (1987) – Eliza
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
British actores
British film actores
British television actores
The Long Dark Hall is a 1951 British mystery, suspense, courtroom-drama, crime film directed by Reginald Beck and Anthony Bushell and starring Rex Harrison, Lilli Palmer and Raymond Huntley. It was based on the 1947 novel A Case to Answer by Edgar Lustgarten. It was made at Walton Studios.
Plot
After a showgirl begins an affair with Arthur Groome, a married man, they are found murdered. Groome discovers their body but fearing their wife's knowledge of their affair they do not summon the police; they soon becomes the prime suspect for the murder. Most of the film portrays the trial of Groome at the Old Bailey, London.
Cast
Rex Harrison - Arthur Groome
Lilli Palmer - Mary Groome
Tania Heald - Sheila Groome
Henrietta Barry - Rosemary Groome
Dora Sevening - Mary's mother
Ronald Simpson - Mary's father
Raymond Huntley - Chief Inspector Sullivan
William Squire - Sergeant Cochran
Ballard Berkeley - Superintendent Maxey
Anthony Dawson - The Man
Denis O'Dea - Sir Charles Morton
Anthony Bushell - Clive Bedford
Henry B. Longhurst - Judge
Patricia Cutts - Rose Mallory
Meriel Forbes - Marjorie Danns
Brenda De Banzie - Mrs Rogers
Douglas Jefferies - Dr. Conway
Fletcher Lightfoot - Jury Foreman
Anthony Shaw - Clerk of the Court
Michael Medwin - Leslie Scott
Colin Gordon - Pound
Lionel Murton - Jefferson (US version only)
Eric Pohlmann - Mr Polaris
Lilli Molnar - Mrs Polaris
Frank Tickle - Alfred Tripp
Tom Macaulay - Ironworks manager
Richard Littledale - Mr Sims
Jenny Laird - Mrs Sims
Tony Quinn - Joe the bartender
Jill Bennett - First murdered girl
Critical reception
In The New York Times, Bosley Crowther wrote, "a very tidy murder drama arrived yesterday from England at the Rivoli Theater...An unusually literate and impressively acted film...It is English in setting and temperament, but international in its entertainment appeal. Thoughtful audiences should especially welcome this picture."
References
External links
1951 films
1950s English-language films
1950s crime films
Films directed by Reginald Beck
Films directed by Anthony Bushell
Films based on British novels
British crime films
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Benjamin Frankel
Films set in London
Films shot at Nettlefold Studios
1950s British films
Kollakkayil Devaki Amma (born ) is an Indian woman who began to grow a forest after a car accident prevented them from farming. The forest now covers 4.5 acres and has over 3,000 trees. They have received several awards for their work, including the Nari Shakti Puraskar.
Early life
Devaki Amma was born in Muthukulam in Alappuzha district, Kerala. A love of horticulture was inspired by their grandfather. They married Gopalakrishna Pillai, who was a in teacher, and worked in the paddy fields growing rice. In 1980, Devaki Amma was involved in a serious car accident, which left them bed-ridden for three years.
Forest
After they recovered from the accident, Devaki Amma was unable to work in the paddy fields so they began to plant trees in their back garden. Over time this project developed into a 4.5 acre forest. It contains over 3,000 trees, including krishnanal, mahogany, mango, musk, pine, star and tamarind. There are also rare plants and the wood attracts birds such as Amur falcons, bluethroats, black-winged stilts, paradise flycatchers and emerald doves. Devaki Amma worked for over thirty five years on the forest mostly on their own, using cows, buffalo and oxen, and harvesting rainwater.
Awards
Devaki Amma was given the Social Forestry Award by the Alappuzha district and the Bhumitra Puruskar by Vijnana Bharati. The state of Kerala bestowed upon them the Hari Vyakti Puruskar. On the national level they have received the Indira Priyadarshini Vrikshamitra award and the Nari Shakti Puraskar. The latter was given to them by the President of India, Ram Nath Kovind.
References
1930s births
Living people
Indian horticulturists
Indian foresters
Nari Shakti Puraskar 2018 winners
People from Alappuzha district
Women from Kerala
Yoko Kanno produce Cyber Bicci is a compilation album of Japanese composer Yoko Kanno and Italian vocalist Ilaria Graziano under their stage name ILA. The album includes their collaborated works for anime soundtracks, along with two new tracks.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
JVC site
2011 albums
Albums produced by Yoko Kanno
Victor Entertainment albums
George J. Klein is a Canadian cardiologist and cardiac electrophysiologist, currently serving as Professor of Medicine at Western University in London, Ontario, Canada.
Biography
Klein graduated from the University of Toronto in 1972.
Research
Klein's research focused on cardiac arrhythmia, particularly Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome, the surgical and ablative management of heart rhythm disturbances and the understanding of syncope.
See also
Mark Josephson
Hein Wellens
References
Cardiac electrophysiologists
Canadian cardiologists
University of Western Ontario faculty
University of Toronto alumni
Fellows of the Canadian Academy of Health Sciences
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Song for My Daughter is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 3 stars and stated "Like many of their peers on the label, Wilson pursued a pop direction as the '60s drew to a close, which meant they covered pop hits... Although the production has dated somewhat, it remains a pleasant artifact of its time, and fans of that sound should search for it".
Track listing
All compositions by Jack Wilson except as indicated
"Imagine"
"Herman's Helmet"
"Changing with the Times"
"Night Creature" (Duke Ellington)
"Scarborough Fair/Canticle" (Traditional)
"Song for My Daughter"
"Eighty-One" (Ron Carter)
"Se To-dos Fossem Iguais a Você" (Antonio Carlos Jobim)
"Stormy" (Buddy Buie, James Cobb)
"Soft Summer Rain" (David Baker)
Recorded at Liberty Studios in West Hollywood, California on September 28, 1968 (tracks 1, 3 & 8), December 16, 1968 (tracks 2, 4 & 7), April 23, 1969 (track 10), June 19, 1969 (track 5), June 21 & 26, 1969 (tracks 6 & 9).
Personnel
Jack Wilson – piano
Stan Levey – vibes, shaker (tracks 1, 3 & 8)
Victor Feldman – vibes, timpani (tracks 2, 4 & 7)
Tommy Vig – vibes (track 10)
John Gray (tracks 1, 3 & 8), Howard Roberts (tracks 2, 4, 7 & 10) – guitar
Ray Brown (tracks 1, 3, 8 & 10), Ike Issacs (track 5 & 9), Andrew Simpkins (tracks 2, 4 & 7) – bass
Donald Bailey (tracks 5, 9 & 10), Varney Barlow (tracks 1, 3 & 8), Jimmie Smith (tracks 2, 4 & 7) – drums
Billy Byers – arranger, conductor (tracks 1–4 & 6–9)
Unidentified strings
References
Blue Note Records albums
Jack Wilson (jazz pianist) albums
1969 albums
Albums conducted by Billy Blyers
Albums arranged by Billy Blyers
The 2020–21 NBL season was the 18th season for the New Zealand Breakers in the NBL.
Roster
Squad
Regular season
Ladder
Game log
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 1
| 22 January
| @ Adelaide
| L 94–91 (OT)
| Tai Webster (34)
| Finn Delany (8)
| Tai Webster (8)
| Adelaide Entertainment Centre6,589
| 0–1
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 2
| 27 January
| @ Adelaide
| L 88–78
| Finn Delany (19)
| Colton Iverson (10)
| Tai Webster (7)
| Adelaide Entertainment Centre5,706
| 0–2
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 3
| 6 February
| @ Cairns
| W 79–85
| Tai Webster (25)
| Tai Webster (11)
| Tai Webster (5)
| Cairns Pop-Up Arena1,891
| 1–2
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 4
| 8 February
| @ Cairns
| L 84–69
| Tai Webster (13)
| Thomas Abercrombie (7)
| Lamar Patterson (4)
| Cairns Pop-Up Arena1,828
| 1–3
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 5
| 12 February
| @ Sydney
| L 84–74
| Corey Webster (25)
| Iverson, T. Webster (10)
| Tai Webster (4)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,833
| 1–4
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 6
| 22 February
| @ Illawarra
| L 102–88
| Corey Webster (22)
| Colton Iverson (17)
| Corey Webster (7)
| John Cain Arena2,313
| 1–5
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 7
| 25 February
| @ Sydney
| L 96–78
| Corey Webster (24)
| Colton Iverson (6)
| Tai Webster (5)
| John Cain Arena1,991
| 1–6
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 8
| 27 February
| @ Adelaide
| W 62–106
| C. Webster, T. Webster (29)
| Colton Iverson (8)
| Tai Webster (11)
| John Cain Arena4,206
| 2–6
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 9
| 3 March
| Brisbane
| W 97–92
| Corey Webster (21)
| Tai Webster (9)
| C. Webster, T. Webster (4)
| State Basketball Centre2,257
| 3–6
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 10
| 5 March
| Melbourne
| L 84–87
| Tai Webster (32)
| Finn Delany (9)
| Delany, C. Webster, T. Webster, Weeks (2)
| John Cain Arena3,421
| 3–7
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 11
| 10 March
| Cairns
| W 86–83
| Thomas Abercrombie (20)
| Colton Iverson (11)
| Tai Webster (4)
| John Cain Arena3,675
| 4–7
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 12
| 12 March
| @ Perth
| L 85–75
| Finn Delany (30)
| Colton Iverson (8)
| Tai Webster (7)
| John Cain Arena2,478
| 4–8
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 13
| 14 March
| South East Melbourne
| L 89–103
| Finn Delany (24)
| Colton Iverson (8)
| Tai Webster (5)
| John Cain Arena4,019
| 4–9
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 14
| 20 March
| @ Brisbane
| L 88–67
| Tai Webster (19)
| Finn Delany (9)
| Tai Webster (5)
| Nissan Arena3,386
| 4–10
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 15
| 25 March
| Melbourne
| L 79–82
| Finn Delany (17)
| Abercrombie, T. Webster (7)
| Tai Webster (7)
| Bendigo Stadium1,150
| 4–11
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 16
| 27 March
| @ Brisbane
| W 76–81 (OT)
| Tai Webster (27)
| Colton Iverson (20)
| Tai Webster (10)
| Nissan Arena2,935
| 5–11
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 17
| 4 April
| @ South East Melbourne
| L 92–85
| Colton Iverson (26)
| Colton Iverson (22)
| Tai Webster (7)
| John Cain Arena1,850
| 5–12
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 18
| 10 April
| @ Melbourne
| L 84–78
| Finn Delany (33)
| Colton Iverson (9)
| William McDowell-White (4)
| John Cain Arena2,717
| 5–13
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 19
| 13 April
| Perth
| L 79–85 (OT)
| Finn Delany (25)
| Finn Delany (9)
| Corey Webster (8)
| Silverdome1,358
| 5–14
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 20
| 16 April
| Brisbane
| W 91–71
| Levi Randolph (20)
| William McDowell-White (10)
| William McDowell-White (14)
| Silverdome1,559
| 6–14
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 21
| 18 April
| @ Perth
| W 78–83
| Levi Randolph (23)
| Colton Iverson (17)
| Finn Delany (7)
| RAC Arena11,316
| 7–14
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 22
| 23 April
| Cairns
| L 68–70
| Finn Delany (23)
| Finn Delany (14)
| Corey Webster (7)
| Silverdome1,287
| 7–15
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 23
| 26 April
| Adelaide
| W 93–77
| Finn Delany (23)
| Colton Iverson (9)
| William McDowell-White (13)
| Silverdome893
| 8–15
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 24
| 28 April
| @ Melbourne
| L 90–76
| Corey Webster (20)
| Finn Delany (9)
| Corey Webster (5)
| John Cain Arena2,173
| 8–16
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 25
| 1 May
| Perth
| W 86–84
| Levi Randolph (19)
| Colton Iverson (5)
| Randolph, C. Webster, T. Webster (4)
| Silverdome1,621
| 9–16
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 26
| 3 May
| Illawarra
| L 67–75
| Abercrombie, T. Webster (14)
| Finn Delany (9)
| Tai Webster (5)
| Silverdome1,097
| 9–17
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 27
| 9 May
| @ Perth
| L 98–84
| Finn Delany (21)
| Tai Webster (7)
| William McDowell-White (7)
| RAC Arena10,518
| 9–18
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 28
| 12 May
| @ South East Melbourne
| L 91–82
| Finn Delany (32)
| Colton Iverson (8)
| McDowell-White, T. Webster (4)
| John Cain Arena1,247
| 9–19
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 29
| 15 May
| @ Illawarra
| L 73–71
| Finn Delany (20)
| Finn Delany (11)
| William McDowell-White (9)
| WIN Entertainment Centre2,456
| 9–20
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 30
| 20 May
| Sydney
| W 89–81
| Finn Delany (28)
| Finn Delany (13)
| William McDowell-White (7)
| The Trusts Arena3,800
| 10–20
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 31
| 22 May
| Sydney
| L 76–81
| Levi Randolph (25)
| Iverson, T. Webster (7)
| Tai Webster (5)
| TSB Stadium2,066
| 10–21
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 32
| 25 May
| Adelaide
| W 94–76
| Corey Webster (22)
| Colton Iverson (7)
| McDowell-White, C. Webster (8)
| Christchurch Arena2,803
| 11–21
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 33
| 28 May
| Illawarra
| 73–84
| Finn Delany (24)
| Iverson, Randolph (8)
| William McDowell-White (5)
| Franklin Pool and Leisure Centre1,100
| 11–22
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 34
| 30 May
| Brisbane
| L 83–95
| Levi Randolph (30)
| Colton Iverson (16)
| Corey Webster (6)
| Spark Arena7,612
| 11–23
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 35
| 2 June
| Cairns
| W 84–78
| Tai Webster (23)
| Colton Iverson (12)
| Corey Webster (4)
| Energy Events Centre2,435
| 12–23
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 36
| 5 June
| South East Melbourne
| L 78–83
| Tai Webster (26)
| Colton Iverson (12)
| Finn Delany (4)
| The Trusts Arena3,872
| 12–24
Transactions
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
Awards
Player of the Week
Round 19, Finn Delany
See also
2020–21 NBL season
New Zealand Breakers
References
External links
Official Website
New Zealand Breakers
New Zealand Breakers seasons
New Zealand Breakers season
Kathryn Mary Murphy is a Canadian neuroscientist and professor who studies development and plasticity of the brain.
They have been a professor at McMaster University since 1994, where they founded the neuroscience program and prior to that was at McGill University where they won a University Research Fellowship from NSERC and a Sloan Research Fellowship from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Born in Calgary, Alberta, they grew up in Burlington, Ontario attending the University of Western Ontario for their bachelor's degree and Dalhousie University for their Masters and Ph.D. degrees. While at Dalhousie they held a Ross C. Purse scholarship from the CNIB and an NSERC Doctoral scholarship.
Them academic training took them to the University of California, Berkeley School of Optometry on postdoctoral fellowships from Fight For Sight and NSERC. For ten years (2007-2017), they were the Director of the McMaster Integrated Neuroscience Discovery & Study program (MiNDS).
Them research includes studying developmental and lifespan changes in the human brain. They have served as a Chair, Scientific Officer and Reviewer for the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR) grant selection panels and was the editor of the Synaptosomes book () published in 2018 in the NeuroMethods Series by Springer-Nature.
References
Living people
1959 births
Canadian neuroscientists
Canadian women neuroscientists
McMaster University faculty
McGill University faculty
Sloan Research Fellows
People from Calgary
University of Western Ontario alumni
Dalhousie University alumni
The All-BAL First Team is an annual Basketball Africa League (BAL) honor bestowed on the best players in the league following every BAL season. The first selections were announced on 4 June 2021 after the inaugural season.
Selections
References
All-First Team
Ruan Ludick (born ) is a Namibian rugby union player, currently playing with the Namibia national team and the in South African domestic rugby. Their regular position is lock.
Rugby career
Ludick was born in Pretoria in South Africa, but grew up in Windhoek. They made their test debut for in 2016 against . They also represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions since 2016.
In December 2016, they joined Welsh Premier Division side Merthyr on a two-year deal.
References
External links
Namibian rugby union players
Living people
1994 births
Sportspeople from Pretoria
Rugby union locks
Namibia international rugby union players
Welwitschias players
Geraldo Pereira de Matos Filho (born 27 January 1953), nicknamed Mazarópi, is a Brazilian professional football coach and former player who manages SER Santo Ângelo.
A goalkeeper, they hold the world record for the longest time without conceding a goal, with 1,816 minutes.
Career
Club career
Mazarópi played for Vasco da Gama, Coritiba, Grêmio, Náutico, Figueirense and Guarany de Bagé.
International career
Mazarópi earned one cap for the Brazil national football team.
Coaching career
Mazarópi has coached Nagoya Grampus, Sapucaiense, Vilhena and Guarani (VA).
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Sportspeople from Minas Gerais
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
CR Vasco da Gama players
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Figueirense FC players
Guarani FC players
Brazil international footballers
Brazilian football managers
J1 League managers
Nagoya Grampus managers
Expatriate football managers in Japan
Vilhena Esporte Clube managers
Association football goalkeepers
Howard Duane Teten (October 23, 1932 – January 11, 2021) was an American Federal Bureau of Investigation agent and an instructor at the FBI Academy. While in the FBI, they worked in criminal profiling, also known as offender profiling with the help of Patrick Mullany. Teten and Mullany used this tool to attempt to identify unknown perpetrators. From the classes that Teten and Mullany taught at the FBI Academy, they helped form the Behavioral Health Science Unit and developed offender profiling, which is still used today.
Early life
Howard Teten was born in Nebraska City, Nebraska, on October 23, 1932. Their father was a construction supervisor, and the family moved several times during their childhood. Teten graduated from high school in Crofton, Nebraska, and joined the Marine Corps in 1950. While in the Corps, Teton was a photographer. They were discharged in 1954. After the Marine Corps, Teten started working part-time at a sheriff's department in Orange County, California. They started their college career at a junior college, originally studying biochemistry, but switched their major to criminalistics due to their contacts with the Southern California Criminal Laboratory. They transferred and graduated from the University of California at Berkeley. To help support their wife, who was working as a registered nurse, Teten started working street patrol in 1958 in San Leandro, California, where they were eventually promoted to the Crime Scene Investigations (CSI) unit.
FBI career
In 1962, Teten joined the FBI. Their job in the FBI required them to work in a number of locations. While working in the FBI, Teten was also going to school to earn their master's degree in social psychology. In 1969, they were transferred to the FBI headquarters in Washington DC where they began to teach. The first class that Teten taught was Applied Criminology where police officers would bring them unsolved cases and they would offer suggestions on those cases. When the teaching began to be too much for just one person to do, they brought in Patrick Mullany to help Teten teach. Together, Teten and Mullany developed criminal profiling to help them solve cases where the perpetrator was not known.
In 1972, the Behavioral Science Unit was formed where Mullany and Teten taught students how offender profiling worked and how to apply it to cases in the work. The first case to use Teten's profiling techniques was when seven-year-old Susan Jaegar had gone missing from their campsite while camping with their parents. Teten and Mullany worked the profile and the FBI was able to narrow down the suspect to David Meirhofer, who fit their profile. The FBI arrested Meierhofer and profiling became popular after this case.
From all of Teten's teaching, they began to have problems with their voice. They lost their voice completely and underwent surgery for a ruptured disc. After their surgery, Teten decided to make a change in their career and was promoted to unit chief of the Research and Development department in 1980 and remained there until 1986 when they decided to retire.
After FBI
Teten retired from the FBI after twenty-four years in 1986. After their retirement, they started their own business of consulting for companies that had contracts for the government. They worked for the International Criminal Investigative Training Aid Program, which was mostly based in Caribbean countries.
Teten died from COVID-19 complications on January 11, 2021, aged 88.
References
1932 births
2021 deaths
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Virginia
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
Offender profiling
People from Nebraska City, Nebraska
Burials at Quantico National Cemetery
Ludwig "Bubi" Bründl (born 23 November 1946 in Munich) is a retired German football player. They played eight seasons in the Bundesliga between 1965 and 1975. TSV 1860 München won their first and only Bundesliga title in 1966 during Bründl's first season with the senior team, although they made no appearance on the field. Bründl enjoyed the most successful spell of their career with Eintracht Braunschweig, where they scored a total of 67 goals in 148 games in all official competitions between 1971 and 1975. This includes ten goals in six games in the 1971–72 UEFA Cup, which made Bründl the tournament's first top scorer.
Honours
Club
Bundesliga: 1965–66
Bundesliga runner-up: 1966–67
Individual
UEFA Cup top scorer: 1971–72
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
German footballers
Eintracht Braunschweig players
TSV 1860 Munich players
1. FC Köln players
Stuttgarter Kickers players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Munich
Bundesliga players
Meyer Dwass (April 9, 1923 – July 15, 1996) was an American mathematical statistician known for their contributions to applied probability. Dwass was a professor of statistics at Northwestern University.
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Dwass attended George Washington University, earning a bachelor's degree in 1948. Under supervision of Wassilij Höffding, they earned a Ph.D. from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1952.
References
External links
1923 births
1996 deaths
American statisticians
George Washington University alumni
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
Northwestern University faculty
Scientists from New Haven, Connecticut
The Compacts of Basel, also known as Basel Compacts or Compactata, was an agreement between the Council of Basel and the moderate Hussites (or Utraquists), which was ratified by the Estates of Bohemia and Moravia in Jihlava on 5 July 1436. The agreement authorized Hussite priests to administer the sacramental wine to laypeople during the Eucharist. The Council of Basel ratified the document on 15 January 1437, but it acknowledged that the communion under both kinds was not heretical only on 23 December.
References
Sources
Hussite history
1436 in Europe
The acacia tit (Melaniparus thruppi), also known as the Somali tit and northern grey tit, is a species of bird in the family Paridae. It is native to north eastern Africa where it occurs in dry acacia habitat.
Description
The smallest of the grey Melaniparus tits of Africa, the acacia tit has a glossy blue-black cap, nape, throat and breast contrasting with a large buffy white patch which extends from the bill to the sides of the neck. There is a broad black band which stretches from the breast to the vent. The upperparts are grey with white panels in the wings and there is a white spot on the nape. The underparts are greyish white, broken by the black band. Legs and bill are slate grey. The females tend to have a narrower band than males. Juveniles are similar to the adults but are duller. It measures in length and weighs .
Distribution and habitat
The acacia tit is found from Ethiopia and Somalia south to north eastern Tanzania.
The acacia tit inhabits arid and semi arid wooded and bushed savanna, principally in acacia and stands of trees along streams or rivers, avoiding truly arid regions. It is recorded up to in Somalia.
Habits
The acacia tit is found in pairs or small parties and occasionally joins mixed species foraging flocks. The food consists of small invertebrates, principally wasps, beetles and caterpillars. It nests in holes in trees and one nest found had been predated by a snake but otherwise the habits and ecology of this species are poorly known.
Taxonomy
The acacia tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade. It forms a superspecies with the southern grey tit and probably also the miombo tit and ashy tit. All of these species have been treated as conspecific with the Palearctic great tit but they are not now thought to be closely related to that species.
Subspecies
There are two currently recognised subspecies, they are:
Melaniparus thruppi thruppi Shelley, 1885: Ethiopia and Somalia
Melaniparus thruppi barakae Jackson, 1899: south western Somalia to Kenya, Uganda and north eastern Tanzania.
References
Melaniparus
Birds of East Africa
Birds described in 1885
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Serge Chiesa (born 25 December 1950 in Casablanca) is a former professional footballer.
 They are a historic player of Olympique Lyonnais, an excellent dribbler whose skill was comparable to Michel Platini. In 1975–76, they were voted 'best attacking midfielder' of the season by France Football.
Honours
Olympique Lyonnais
Coupe de France: 1972–73
Trophée des Champions: 1973
External links
1950 births
Living people
French footballers
Moroccan emigrants to France
France international footballers
Olympique Lyonnais players
US Orléans players
Clermont Foot players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Association football forwards
Galtoceras is a cyrtoconic nautiloid from the Middle Silurian of North America, named by Foerste in 1934.
Galtoceras is genus of the Oncocerida and of the oncocerid family Acleistoceratidae. As with the ascleistoceratids, the curvature is exogastric, such that the lower side, or venter, is on the outside curve. The shell is elongated and slender, wider than high, with a subventral, empty, cyrtochoanitic siphuncle, with segments somewhat expanded into chambers but abruptly narrowed at septal openings.
Euryrizoceras and Tumidoceas are similar genera, also included in the Acleistoceratidae, but which are less slender than Galtoceras.
References
Nautiloids
Silurian cephalopods
Silurian cephalopods of North America
Jerome August Neudecker (August 13, 1930 – January 11, 1997) was an American Major League Baseball umpire who worked in the American League from to . They wore number 6 when the league adopted uniform numbers in 1980.
Early career
Born in Marine, Illinois, Neudecker attended Johnson's Umpire School, run by former NL umpire Steamboat Johnson. After attending the umpire school, Neudecker began working in the Georgia–Florida League in 1950. In 1951, they moved to the Evangeline Baseball League. While serving in the Air Force, stationed in Valdosta, Georgia, Neudecker returned to the Georgia-Florida league in 1954 and 1955. In 1956, they began work in the South Atlantic League, before returning to the Air Force and serving until 1960.
Neudecker resumed working in the South Atlantic League in 1960 and continued on through 1962. The league's name was then changed to the Southern League, and Neudecker continued umpiring there through 1965, before being called up to the American League at the end of the 1965 season.
Major league career
Neudecker worked in three All-Star Games (1966, 1972 and 1976) four American League Championship Series (1970, 1974, 1977 and 1981) and two World Series (1973 and 1979). They were the home plate umpire in Game 7 of the 1979 Series, which the Pittsburgh Pirates won after Willie Stargell's sixth-inning home run gave them a 2–1 lead and propelled them to a third straight victory over the Baltimore Orioles, who had led the Series three games to one. Neudecker also officiated in four no-hitters, including being the home plate umpire for two: Joe Horlen's on September 10, and Catfish Hunter's perfect game on May 8, .
Neudecker was the last full-time Major League umpire to use a "balloon" chest protector. (Bill Deegan, who had retired during the season, wore this chest protector during two umpire strikes: on Opening Day, , and for two games during the season.) After their retirement, their chest protector was sent to the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Neudecker's final game behind the plate was October 5, 1985, when the Toronto Blue Jays clinched their first American League East division championship by defeating the New York Yankees at Exhibition Stadium. The next day, in their final game, Neudecker worked at third base as Phil Niekro pitched a complete game shutout for the Yankees to notch their 300th career win.
Neudecker then became the assistant supervisor of American League umpires in 1986, working under Marty Springstead.
At the time of their death, they were working in the Baseball Umpire Development program.
Neudecker died of cancer at age 66 at Fort Walton Beach, Florida, and was buried there at Beal Memorial Cemetery.
See also
List of Major League Baseball umpires
References
External links
Retrosheet.org
1930 births
1997 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Florida
Major League Baseball umpires
People from Marine, Illinois
Nicholas John Fitzgerald (born 13 February 1992), is an Australian professional soccer player who most recently played for Perth Glory.
Playing career
Club career
Fitzgerald grew up on Sydney's Hills Shire and played with several local clubs before playing for Blacktown City Demons in their youth teams. They were signed by the Central Coast Mariners in the A-League for their youth team, and was promoted into the senior team for their round 27 clashes against Wellington Phoenix at Westpac Stadium. Central Coast would lose the game 3–0, with Fitzgerald coming on as a second-half substitute.
In July 2010, they went on loan to Queensland State League club Bundaberg Spirit to gain match time and experience. On 1 August 2011 Fitzgerald signed a two-year deal with A-League side Brisbane Roar FC after a four-week trial period.
On 14 January 2013, Fitzgerald rejoined Central Coast after a mutual decision between Brisbane and the player to return to their original club.
On 9 January 2016, Fitzgerald was released by the Mariners.
On 17 January 2016, it was announced that Fitzgerald had moved to Melbourne City for the remainder of the 2015-16 A-League season. Fitzgerald scored their first goal against Adelaide United to end the reds 14 game unbeaten runs. The following week Fitzgerald scored the third goal in City's 3–1 over Brisbane Roar to send City to the top of the ladder.
On 3 May 2018, Fitzgerald was released by Melbourne City and signed with Western Sydney Wanderers.
On 24 June 2019, Fitzgerald joined Newcastle Jets on a two year deal.
On 21 October 2020, Fitzgerald joined Indian Super League club Jamshedpur FC on a one year deal.
In February 2022, Fitzgerald returned to Australia, signing with Perth Glory for the remainder of the 2021–22 A-League Men season.
International career
On 7 March 2012 Fitzgerald was selected to represent the Australia Olympic football team in an Asian Olympic Qualifier match against Iraq.
Honours
Club
Brisbane Roar
A-League Championship: 2011–12
Central Coast Mariners
A-League Championship: 2012–13
Melbourne City
FFA Cup: 2016
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Australia under-20 international soccer players
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from Sydney
Central Coast Mariners FC players
Brisbane Roar FC players
Melbourne City FC players
Blacktown City FC players
Western Sydney Wanderers FC players
Newcastle Jets FC players
Jamshedpur FC players
Perth Glory FC players
A-League Men players
Australian soccer players
Indian Super League players
Expatriate footballers in India
Australian expatriate sportspeople in India
People educated at Oakhill College
Radio Austral is an FM radio station based in Fairfield
The station can be heard between North Sydney and Campbelltown on 87.8 MHz.
Editor and Director in Chief is Eduardo Mariano Gonzalez Cristobal
See also
List of radio stations in Australia
References
External links
Radio stations in Sydney
Radio stations in Canberra
Spanish-language radio stations
Wagram Music is a French independent record company based in Paris, with offices in Berlin and Los Angeles.
Record company
Wagram's catalog covers various music genres such as French pop, Rock and Pop, world, electronic music, Reggae, Soul, Jazz and Blues. Represented artists include Orelsan, - M -, Lamomali, Fatoumata Diawara, Dominique A, Suzanne, Philippe Katerine, Bertrand Belin, Inna de Yard, Ken Booth, Malik Djoudi, and Corneille.
Wagram Music has several subsidiary record labels:
Cinq7, which includes the artists: Saez, Dominique A, Gush, Lilli Wood & The Prick, Melanie Pain, Rover, Oxmo Puccino, Tété, The Dø, etc.
3ème Bureau, which includes the artists: Orelsan, Casseurs Flowters, Pony Pony Run Run, Naive New Beaters, Brigitte, and Ayọ.
Chapter Two Records, which includes the artists: Winston Mcanuff, Fixi, Zoufris Maracas, Soviet Suprem, Clinton Fearon, and Inna de Yard.
WLab, which includes the artists: Corneille, Ridsa, Caravan Palace.
LaBréa.
Belem.
Wagram is also affiliated with the record label Panenka (Therapy Taxi).
Wagram Music is a distributor, both digitally and physically, in France and internationally of its own labels and some prestigious labels like Beggars, Panenka, Radio Nova, Buddha Bar, etc.
Other activities
Wagram opened W Spectacle, its live company, in 2010. It manages concerts and tours for a roster of around 40 artists, including Rover, R.Wan, Winston McAnuff, Fatoumata Diawara, Bertrand Belin, and Ayọ.
Wagram Music is part of Wagram Stories, a global and independent artistic production company, involved in film and series production (Wagram Film), book publishing (Wagram Livres), live music, and communication (Wagram Agency).
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
Wagram Stories official website
French record labels
Jazz record labels
Rosie Bonnie Ammaq is a director and actor from Igloolik, Nunavut, Canada. Them film Nowhere Land won the award for Best Short Documentary at the ImagineNative Film Festival.
Early life
Ammaq began their life in Igloolik, Nunavut, Canada. In 1986 when Ammaq was seven years old they left Igloolik with their parents and two siblings to live in an outpost camp on Baffin Island. Ammaq and their family lived in the outpost camp for eleven years. They were educated by their mother in reading and writing English and Inukititut. Them father Sameuli was able to provide for the family through hunting.
In 1998 Ammaq moved back to Igloolik alone. Them family followed shortly after to audition for the movie Atanarjuat: Fast Runner. Bonnie's parents and siblings worked in the cast and crew of the movie.
Career
Ammaq played the role of Kunu in The Journals of Knud Ramussen (2006). Since that time they have made films sponsored by the National Film Board of Canada. In 2011, they directed short documentary Family Making Sleds which is part of the Stories from Our Land collection. They directed the short documentary Nowhere Land (2015). Nowhere Land is the story of their childhood in the outpost camp and their return to Igloolik. The film was followed by an interactive photo essay called The Cache, which they co-created with their mother Michelline. The Cache is part of the Legacies 150 collection by the National Film Board.
Filmography
The Journals Of Knud Ramussen (2006) — actor
Family Making Sleds (2011) —director
Nowhere Land (2015) —director, actor
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian documentary film directors
Canadian women film directors
Film directors from Nunavut
Festival of International Virtual & Augmented Reality Stories (FIVARS) is a media festival that showcases stories or narrative forms from around the world using immersive technology that includes virtual reality, augmented reality, live VR performance theater and dance, projection mapping and spatialized audio. It is considered to be Canada's first dedicated virtual or augmented reality stories festival, and was the world's first virtual reality festival dedicated completely and exclusively to narrative pieces. FIVARS is operated by Constant Change Media Group, Inc. and VRTO (Virtual Reality, Toronto - a conference and Meetup group).
2015 - History
Created, directed and curated by Keram Malicki-Sanchez and working with technical director Joseph Ellsworth, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in the summer of 2015, the FIVARS - an acronym for the Festival of International Virtual & Augmented Reality Stories - featured a selection of virtual reality and augmented reality experiences that focus on narrative or a form of storytelling. The earliest recorded event was the Camp Wavelength music festival in Toronto, August 28-30th. FIVARS then ran its first official festival September 20 and 21 at rock music venue "UG3 Live" in downtown Toronto from 11am to 7pm.
FIVARS returned with a preview pavilion at the VRTO Virtual & Augmented Reality World Conference & Expo in June 2016 and to Camp Wavelength in August of the same year.
2016 Year 2, MSMU
The festival continued in 2016 for a second year, September 16–18, 11am to 7pm at MSMU Studios, an abandoned furniture warehouse in west side of downtown Toronto. The program was listed a "Public Event You Should Attend" in the syllabus for the Future Cinema program at York University. The festival featured 30 selections - each enhanced by a haptic backpack created by Subpac FIVARS Festival Explores Human Experience Through Virtual Reality, in addition to a custom 3D Audio Chamber created by David McKevy and an augmented reality art gallery by artist Daniel Leighton and presentation by Joergen Geerds of KonceptVR and Daniel Burwen of Jaunt XR. Ellsworth moved into a tech consulting position.
2017 - House of VR, and Jesus
In 2017, the FIVARS festival featured 35 pieces from 15 countries and was held at the House of VR in Toronto. World premieres included "Sanctuary" by Shivani Melukar, "City of Ghosts" from director Olivier Asselin and CieAR, and IN Their PRESENCE from director Brenda Colonna and producer Philip Plough, among others. In 2019 the piece was covered again in an article The New Yorker about Virtual Reality for beginners penned by Patricia Marx, in which Malicki-Sanchez was interviewed and quoted.
2018 and the Resurrection of Historic Site: The Matador
The 2018 took place at the legendary Matador Ballroom - a famous after-hours club and public hall about which Leonard Cohen wrote the song "Closing Time" in 1992. The ballroom was reopened for one weekend, the host the FIVARS festival. The festival showcased 36 new pieces from 12 countries. In this third year, Malicki-Sanchez was joined by associate producer Stephanie Greenall.
2019 - 5 Years, the Toronto Media Arts Centre
For its 5th anniversary, the FIVARS festival moved to the Toronto Media Arts Centre in Toronto and expanded to six galleries, showcasing 31 new selections from 10 countries, including Germany, France, China, Netherlands, USA, UK, and Canada. The panels featured talks by Ed Callway of AMD, Thomas Wallner from Liquid Cinema VR Inc, director Brett Leonard (The Lawnmower Man (film)), Nimrod Shanit and Timur Musabay (The Holy City VR) and international sculptor and installation artist Marilene Oliver, among others. Malicki-Sanchez was again joined by co-producer and co-curator Stephanie Greenall.
2020 - FIVARS and Spatialized.Events
The 2020 COVID-19 pandemic forced most festivals to become virtual events on the internet, and FIVARS turned to lead JanusWeb JanusWeb developer James Baicoianu to help build an online theater for the festival. Malicki-Sanchez and Baicoianu developed a user interface using WebXR, and powered by Amazon Web Services to deliver ultra high definition stereoscopic spherical video in the web browser that had no buffering delay. Baicoianu tweaked the transcoding settings higher than the maximum that Amazon typically allowed. FIVARS build upon a financial grant awarded through the Canadian Film Centre's incubator to develop their online virtual events. Malicki-Sanchez hosted FIVARS under the same umbrella - Spatialized.Events - as the VRTO 2020 conference. Ultimately they ended up developing the foundations for a new social, 3D platform for the web, featuring many accessibility features as well. These various elements were outlined at length in a Medium article penned by Malicki-Sanchez, and a 2-hour interview with Kent Bye on the Voices of VR podcast.
The 6th edition of the festival featured here are 39 official selections from 16 countries — including Australia, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Korea, New Zealand, Poland, Qatar, Spain, and Sweden — chosen from among the more than 200 entries, including a documentary about a restored ship once owned by John Steinbeck, and the world premiere of a new single released by ambient music composer Steve Roach, created by Audri Phillips.
The event was again produced by Malicki-Sanchez and Stephanie Greenall and featured 28 360 video pieces and 10 Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality pieces.
2021 - FIVARS in FEB - Pushing the Limits of Web3D
In 2021 the festival launched a new event for the start of the year, now running against Sundance Festival, Tribeca Film Festival and SXSW. With the other festivals now also virtual, the playing field was levelled. FIVARS expanded the virtual event to include a variety of themed artistic 3D environments, continuing development on the JanusWeb engine while also incorporating the HighFidelity audio engine launched by Second Life creator Philip Rosedale.
The environments were designed by Malicki-Sanchez, and the backend work was further developed by Baicoianu and featured projection-mapped domes, and a 3-screen immersive theater with 5.1 audio. The immersive theater featured a 24-minute hard rock concept album by music artist Militia Vox. The dome featured visual effects productions by Audri Phillips and Virtuality.
Among the selections in the catalog was a stereoscopic spherical documentary by Gary Yost and award-winning film director Adam Loften titled "Inside COVID-19" that follows Dr. Josiah Child, battling on the front lines as the novel coronavirus spreads. Another featured selection was a 360-degree music video for the song "Rukh" written recorded by Malicki-Sanchez and Don Garbutt, featuring Alex Lifeson on guitar, and visually produced by Audri Phillips. Among the interactive works was a piece produced by Elizabeth Leister, professor of immersive media at Cal Arts titled "All Them Bodies" featuring the stories of trauma and resilience by six different woman in a volumetric design produced with Depthkit and Unity software. The festival featured a live discussion with Leister on International Women's Day.
The FIVARS in FEB show presented only people's choice awards and grouped all other juried categories together with the fall event, now titled FIVARS in FALL.
2021 - FIVARS in FALL (Hybrid, Los Angeles)
In the autumn of 2021 the FIVARS festival became a hybrid event with an in-person showcase event at an art gallery space in West Hollywood from October 15 to 17, California and then followed by an online WebXR event that ran for two weeks spanning October 22 to November 2.
The festival put stringent protocols to handle the COVID-19 virus outbreak including using medical-grade sanitization boxes created by Cleanbox technologies and requiring a negative CoVID test or proof of vaccination. The event would feature works from Ecuador, Israel, Taiwan, US, Canada, and other countries.
FIVARS was nominated Event of the Year by the 2nd annual Poly Awards.
2022 - FIVARS in FEB (Hybrid: Toronto, Los Angeles)
FIVARS in FEB saw the festival iterate on its Web3D platform, showcasing an even higher resolution of spherical video at 5.7k in the browser. The event also operated pop-ups for in-person attendees to view the interactive content at Two-Bit Circus (a virtual reality arcade operated by Brent Bushnell, son of Atari and Chuck E. Cheese founder Nolan Bushnell in Los Angeles, and Dark Slope in Toronto simultaneously.
Immersive Media Awards
The festival awards prizes for People's Choice in two categories: Immersive Video and Interactive Experience and introduced a Grand Jury prize and Impact award in 2017. In 2019 the festival added additional awards for Best Experience Design, Best Visual Design, Best Audio Design.
2015
On Monday, September 21 the festival announced People's Choice awards for two categories at the Cadillac Lounge - a music venue and restaurant in Toronto.
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive Experience: Apollo 11
Best Immersive Video: SONAR
2016
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive Experience: Pearl (Patrick Osborne)
Best Immersive Video: Help (Justin Lin)
JURIED:
Grand Jury Award: Real (Connor Hair and Alex Meader)
2017
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive: Alteration
Best Immersive (Passive): Guardian of the Guge Kingdom
JURIED:
Impact Award: Priya's Shakti / Priya's Mirror (Dan Goldman)
Grand Jury Prize: Manifest 99
2018
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive: Museum of Symmetry (Paloma Dawkins)
Best Immersive (Passive): Going Home (David Beier)
JURIED:
Impact Award: The Hidden (Annie Lukowski, BJ Schwartz)
Grand Jury Prize: Battlescar (Nico Casavecchia, Martin Allais)
2019
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive: After Dan Graham (David Han/Friend Generator)
Best Immersive (Passive): 2nd Step (Joerg Courtial)
JURIED:
Technical Achievement: tx-reverse
Excellence in Experience Design: Battlescar (Nico Casavecchia, Martin Allais)
Excellence in Sound Design: Unheard (Zhechuan Zhang)
Excellence in Visual Design: Ex Anima (Pierre Zandrowicz)
Impact Award: State Power (Jeff Stanzler)
Grand Jury Prize: The Industry (Mirka Duijn)
2020
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive: Gravity VR (Fabito Rychter, Amir Admoni)
Best Immersive (Passive): Warsaw Rising (Tomasz Dobosz)
JURIED:
Technical Achievement: The Cosmic Laughter of Cucci Binaca (Jonathan Sims)
Excellence in Experience Design: Sleeping Eyes (Sojung Bahng, Sungeun Lee)
Excellence in Sound Design: Symphony of Noise VR (Michaela Pnacekova)
Excellence in Visual Design: Hominidae (Brian Andrews)
Impact Award: Indirect Actions (Maranatha Hay)
Grand Jury Prize: Minimum Mass (Raqi Syed, Areito Echevarria)
FIVARS in FEB 2021
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive: CLAWS (Created by Evan Neiden & Directed by John Ertman)
Best Immersive (Passive): Inside COVID-19 - (Gary Yost, Adam Loften)
FIVARS in FALL 2021
PEOPLE'S CHOICE:
Best Interactive: Samsara (Director: Hsin-Chien Huang)
Best Immersive (Passive): The Invasion of Normandy Omaha Beach (Director: Uli Futschik)
JURIED:
Technical Achievement: Dark Threads (Director: Jonathon Corbiere)
Excellence in Experience Design: Andy's World (Director: Liquan Liu)
Excellence in Sound Design: Symphony (Director: Igor Cortadellas)
Excellence in Visual Design: Mind VR Exploration (Director: Deng Zuyun)
Outstanding Performance: Lori Kovachevich, Lena's Journey (Director: Wes Evans)
Impact Award: Om Devi: Sheroes Revolution (Director: Claudio Casale)
Grand Jury Prize: Montegelato (Director: Davide Rapp)
References
Virtual reality organizations
Digital media
Film festivals in Toronto
Augmented reality
Film festivals in Los Angeles
Armutköy is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Chubby is a word used to describe something that is plump and rounded.
Chubby may also refer to:
People
Roy 'Chubby' Brown (born 1945), a UK stand-up comedian
Junior Byles (born 1948), a Jamaican reggae singer also known as "Chubby" or "King Chubby"
Chubby Carrier (born 1967), an American zydeco musician
Andrew Chandler (golfer) (born 1953), an English retired golfer
Norman Chaney (1914–1936), an American actor known as "Chubby" in the "Our Gang" motion picture series
Chubby Checker (born 1941), the stage name of American singer Ernest Evans, who popularized "The Twist"
Popa Chubby, the stage name of American blues performer Theodore "Ted" Horowitz (born 1960)
William Chubby, a 19th-century organizer of the Church of Christ, a defunct Latter Day Saint sect – see List of sects in the Latter Day Saint movement
Chubby Cox (born 1955), an American retired basketball player, uncle of Kobe Bryant
Chubby Dean (1915–1970), an American Major League Baseball pitcher and first baseman
Chubby Dudley, the ring name of American retired professional wrestler Bay Ragni
Chubby Grigg (1926–1983), an American National Football League and All-America Football Conference player
Chubby Hubby, a Singapore blogger
Chubby Jackson (1918–2003), an American jazz musician and bandleader
Chubby Johnson (1903–1974), an American character actor
Chubby Newsom (1920–2003), an American R&B singer
Chubby Oates (1942–2006), a UK actor and comedian
Chubby Parker (1876–1940), an American old-time and folk musician and early radio entertainer
Charles Gavan Power (1888–1968), a Canadian politician
Chubby Wise (1915–1996), an American bluegrass fiddler
Lawrence Woodman, nicknamed "Chubby", an American entrepreneur and restaurant owner who allegedly invented fried clams in 1916
Animals
Chubby frog, also known as the banded bull frog and the Asian painted frog
Chubby Gungan, also known as the wrinkled toadlet
Arts, entertainment, and media
Chubby bunny, a recreational game involving the stuffing the participants' mouth with marshmallows or similar items
Chubby Huggs, a character in the Get Fuzzy comic strip
Brands and enterprises
Chubby (mine detection system), nickname for the Husky VMMD (vehicle-mounted mine detection) family of blast-survivable vehicles
Chubby, the brand name of a non-alcoholic drink manufactured by S. M. Jaleel and Company
Chubby, a distributed lock manager developed and used by Google
Other uses
Chubby, slang for an overweight or obese person
Chubby, slang for a penile erection
Chubby, slang for a spliff
See also
Chub (disambiguation)
Chub (gay culture), also called "chubby culture"
Cubby (disambiguation)
Lists of people by nickname
Shanna Lynn Moakler (; born March 28, 1975) is an American model, actor, and reality television star. They were the winner of the Miss New York USA pageant in 1995 and was the first runner-up at Miss USA 1995. After winner Chelsi Smith won the Miss Universe 1995 pageant, Moakler succeeded them as Miss USA. Moakler began modeling at age 15. They were chosen as a Playmate of the Month for Playboy magazine in December 2001.
Moakler eventually branched out into an acting career, appearing as a regular for two seasons on the USA Network television series Pacific Blue in 1998, and in 2005 they starred as themselves on the reality television series Meet the Barkers with their then-husband Travis Barker, drummer in the rock band Blink-182. The series aired for two seasons on MTV. They hosted E!'s Bridalplasty during its two-month run in 2010/2011. In January 2014, it was announced that Moakler had joined the cast of the VH1 reality series, Hollywood Exes.
Moakler's private life has been much discussed in the media, including their relationship with rock singer Billy Idol, Olympic champion boxer Oscar De La Hoya and Hollywood actor Dennis Quaid.
Moakler has served as the executive producer of the Miss Nevada USA state pageant since 2012, after joining as a director in 2011, and acquired the Miss Utah USA franchise in 2018.
Early life
Moakler, who is of German, Irish, and Portuguese descent, was born in Providence, Rhode Island. They have two older brothers and had an older sister, who died in 2012. As a child, Moakler enjoyed weekend visits to their grandfather's farm, where they could "play outdoors and be a tomboy." Moakler was a competitive roller skater for 12 years (participating in roller skating competitions analogous to ice skating competitions). They attended Barrington High School, where they claim to have been "the biggest dork." According to Moakler, they were 4-foot-11 and 75 pounds until they finally hit puberty at age 17. By the time they graduated, however, Moakler had dated the captain of the football team and was voted as best dressed. They moved to Miami after high school to pursue a modeling career. Moakler later moved to New York City and then to Los Angeles.
Career
Pageants
Shanna Moakler, at the age of 17, represented Rhode Island in the Miss Teen USA 1992 pageant. They placed third in the preliminaries, sixth in the interview segment, and fifth in the swimsuit competition (scoring 9.115, 9.279 and 9.087 respectively). Moakler made it to the semi-finals and finished seventh overall. Moakler won the Miss Teen All American title for 1993.
In 1995, Moakler was named Miss New York USA and represented New York in the Miss USA pageant, held that year in South Padre Island, Texas. Moakler finished second (to Miss Texas USA) in the preliminaries and in each of the interview and swimsuit divisions, with scores of 9.06, 9.62 and 9.61 respectively, and first in the evening gown competition, with a score of 9.86. Overall, Moakler was the first runner-up in the Miss USA Pageant. In May 1995, at the age of 20, Moakler received the 1995 Miss USA crown when the winner, Chelsi Smith, became Miss Universe.
Moakler enjoyed some aspects of their reign as Miss USA, such as celebrity pool tournaments. However, they have complained that the experience required them to "sign autographs at places like Bob's Home Furnishing Rentals." They were also forced to live with a pageant chaperone, who made sure they dressed and acted appropriately.
Moakler responded to the 2009 Miss USA gay marriage controversy by appearing in a public service announcement supporting efforts to overturn the result of California's Proposition 8. Following allegations that reigning Miss California USA Carrie Prejean had posed for risqué photos and violated terms of their contract, Donald Trump decided that there had been no breach and therefore declined to strip Prejean of their crown. Moakler then resigned as co-director for the pageant on May 13, 2009, stating "I cannot with a clear conscience move forward supporting and promoting the Miss Universe Organization when I no longer believe in it, or the contracts I signed committing myself as a youth." However, on November 13, 2009, it was announced that Moakler returned to the Miss California USA organization, around the same time Carrie Prejean was dethroned.
In 2008 Moakler made a pro-vegetarianism ad for PETA and in 2013 they posed nude for a PETA anti-fur ad campaign, stating that as long as they are the director of Miss Nevada, fur coats would not be given as prizes.
Modeling
Moakler began their modeling career at the age of fifteen. They appeared in various publications, including such magazines as Cosmopolitan and Brentwood. They signed a contract with Playboy and in December 2001, was named Playmate of the Month. They have admitted that posing nude was "a little scary at first." Moakler's Playmate data sheet listed their measurements as: 34" bust, 24" waist, 34" hips, tall and 117 pounds. They later appeared in a campaign for Cutty Sark that was photographed by David LaChapelle.
Television
Moakler started their television career in 1996 with appearances on Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman and Due South. Moakler then played Lisa in Friends 'Til the End, a 1997 NBC movie of the week starring Shannen Doherty. In 1998 they appeared in an episode of Timecop playing the role of Allison Kendall.
Beginning in 1998, Moakler was a regular on the television drama Pacific Blue. The USA Network series featured a team of police officers who patrolled the beaches of Santa Monica, California on bicycles. In seasons four and five Moakler played Officer Monica Harper, described as the trouble-maker rookie. Moakler has admitted that, even equipped with a $5,000 Trek bike, they were somewhat accident-prone on the set, saying that when the cast had to "ride really close together for the camera" they would often "crash into each other like idiots and end up in a big ball of arms and legs."
Moakler was a celebrity contestant on Search Party, a game show on the E! network. The show filmed at exotic beach resort locations and required contestants to team up for competitions such as athletic events and scavenger hunts. Moakler appeared in three episodes in 1999 to 2000.
In 2003, Moakler appeared on Punk'd to help Ashton Kutcher and their crew set up their then-boyfriend Travis Barker. They punk'd Barker by having a waiter flirt excessively with Moakler while the couple were on a romantic date at a local restaurant. The episode originally aired on November 30, 2003.
In 2005, Moakler made a guest appearance as Mariska on the television program Joey, starring Matt LeBlanc and also made an appearance as Josie on the show Jake in Progress, featuring John Stamos. That same year, Moakler and their then-husband Barker starred in Meet the Barkers, a reality series for MTV that premiered April 6, 2005. The series followed the former couple throughout their daily activities. It covered the couple's wedding and their life as a family while they were together. The show continued for two seasons until February 2006.
Moakler and Barker appeared together in an episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation entitled "Poppin' Tags", which originally aired on April 13, 2006. They played a character named J-Lady, while Barker played a rapper involved in conflict with a rival rap artist. Method Man also guest starred on the same episode. Later that year, Moakler was featured on the third season of ABC's Dancing with the Stars, which premiered on September 12, 2006. They were eliminated in week two. They guest starred on several more shows, such as HBO's Entourage, Telemundo's Mas Vale Tarde and as hostess for The CW's Crowned: The Mother of All Pageants. This particular show centered on mother and daughter pairs who competed for $100,000. On the 120th episode of NBC's Minute to Win It (aka The Last Beauty Standing) which aired just before the 2010 Miss Universe contest on August 23, 2010, Moakler was the Last Beauty Standing among 10 contestants and was the top winner with $100,000 for their charity.
In 2014, Moakler was one of the celebrity judges to select a new, and second only, male model for the long running television game show the Price is Right. Other judges included the show's Executive Producer Mike Richards and its first male model Robert Scott Wilson.
In 2022, Moakler was announced as a HouseGuest competing on the third season of Celebrity Big Brother, in which they finished in seventh place out of eleven.
Film
In 1997, Moakler played Jaime in Poison Ivy: The New Seduction. The following year they appeared in the role of Cheryl Tangeray in Telling You. Moakler was then cast as an air-flight hostess during the final scene of the 1998 movie The Wedding Singer. In 1999, they appeared as Tawny in the film Love Stinks. They also had roles in Critical Mass in 2000 and Pauly Shore Is Dead in 2003. Other film appearances included Seeing Other People in 2004 as Kasey and the part of Petra in Big Momma's House 2, which was released in 2006. They appeared as themselves on VH1's I Love the New Millennium.
Personal life
Moakler had a relationship with rock star Billy Idol in 1997. The couple appeared together in a scene of The Wedding Singer. Moakler has described Idol as a gentleman, but "not too sweet and sensitive." They also praised their intelligence and flair for history and philosophy.
Moakler started dating boxer Oscar De La Hoya in October 1997, and they moved in together in early 1998. The couple announced their engagement in October 1998. They have one child together, a daughter. Moakler has said "it wasn't a planned pregnancy, but it was understood if it happened it was beautiful and if it didn't that was fine too." In September 2000, the relationship abruptly ended when Moakler, who was at home watching the Latin Grammy Awards on television, saw De La Hoya escorting another woman to the show. In December 2000, Moakler filed a $62.5 million palimony suit against their ex-fiancé, claiming they were an alcoholic, abusive to them and to their daughter, and that they used them "as props to promote their public image." The case was settled out of court in 2001 for an undisclosed amount. After the time of De La Hoya's split from Moakler, they had little contact with their daughter, although they continued to provide financial support.
Moakler dated actor Dennis Quaid from February to October 2001. They were together when they were approached by Playboy, and they discussed it before they posed nude in the magazine.
On October 30, 2004, Moakler married Travis Barker, the drummer for the bands Blink-182, +44, Box Car Racer and The Transplants and formerly of The Aquabats. Moakler and Barker have two children, a son and daughter. Barker filed for divorce from Moakler on August 8, 2006. Later it was reported that Barker was seeing Paris Hilton. Tensions between Hilton and Moakler led to a confrontation at Los Angeles nightclub Hyde Lounge in early October. Hilton and Moakler each accused the other of battery in separate complaints filed with the Los Angeles Police Department. Hilton claimed Moakler had punched them in the jaw and shouted at her, while Moakler stated that Paris Latsis (Hilton's ex-boyfriend) bent their wrists, poured a drink on them and shoved them downstairs. Ultimately, no charges came out of the altercation.
In early 2007, Barker and Moakler both indicated that they had reconciled. In February 2008, Barker told People magazine "No, I'm no longer with them [...] We were actually divorced a few days ago."
On September 19, 2008, Barker was injured when the Learjet 60 in which they were a passenger crashed outside of Columbia, South Carolina. They were transported to the Joseph M. Still Burn Center in Augusta, Georgia, where they were listed in critical condition. Shanna Moakler reported to US Weekly magazine that they were supposed to fly with Barker but had a "bad feeling" warning them not to.
From February 2014 to July 2019, Moakler was in a relationship with Hells Angels biker, Bryan Sollima.
On December 7, 2014, the police were called to Moakler and Barker's shared home in Los Angeles after the former couple got into a verbal argument. They made criminal threats against one another and it led to the two of them getting arrested. However, no charges were filed against either party.
In June 2016, it was reported that Moakler and Barker were amicably co-parenting their two children.
References
External links
Actresses from Rhode Island
American film actores
American television actores
American people of Irish descent
American people of German descent
American people of Portuguese descent
20th-century Miss Teen USA delegates
Miss USA winners
Participants in American reality television series
Actors from Providence, Rhode Island
2000s Playboy Playmates
1975 births
Living people
People from Barrington, Rhode Island
Miss USA state directors
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
1992 beauty pageant contestants
1995 beauty pageant contestants
Arshinagar is a 2015 Bengali musical romance drama film directed by Aparna Sen. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Dev, Rittika Sen, Jisshu Sengupta, Kaushik Sen, Waheeda Rehman, Kamaleshwar Mukherjee, Roopa Ganguly, Jaya Seal Ghosh. The screenplay is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. The trailer of the film was released on 25 November 2015.
Cast
Dev as Ranajit Mitra
Rittika Sen as Julekha Khan
Jisshu Sengupta as Tayyab
Roopa Ganguly as Tayyab's Mother
Waheeda Rehman as Dadijaan Ji
Kamaleshwar Mukherjee as Khan Sahab
Kaushik Sen as Sabir Khan
Shankar Chakraborty as Biswanath Mitra
Subhashish Mukherjee as Purohit
Shantilal Mukherjee as minister
Jaya Seal Ghosh as Madhu Mitra
Aparajita Adhya as Najma
Swagata Mukherjee as Fahtima
Paran Bandopadhyay
Sadif Rayhan
Anindya Banerjee
Anirban Bhattacharya as Monty
Parvathy Baul in a special appearance
Trina Saha as special appearance
Priyanka Sarkar as Mrs. Gupta (Herself)
Shataf Figar (cameo appearance)
Production
Development
The film was announced to be a modern-day take on William Shakespeare's romantic-tragedy Romeo and Juliet. The film would have land mafia as its background, as told by Aparna Sen.
Dev's character is based on Romeo and Rittika Sen's character to be based on Juliet. Dev would essay the role of a member of a band named, Garage Band. Rittika Sen, who made their debut in Borbaad, was selected as the lead hero because Aparna Sen wanted someone who would look ten years younger than the lead actor, so Sen zeroed on them Yesteryear legend, Waheeda Rehman, who worked with Aparna Sen in 15 Park Avenue, was selected to essay the role of Rittika's grandmother. Theatre actor Anirban Bhattacharya was initially roped to portray the main antagonist but then Jisshu Sengupta was selected to play the flamboyant negative character etched out on the lines of Tybalt, making their debut as a full-fledged antagonist. Anirban Bhattacharya was later on signed to play a supporting role. Apparently, Roopa Ganguly and Kaushik Sen had been cast as son and daughter of Waheeda Rahman, respectively. Actress Jaya Seal Ghosh and filmmaker Kamaleswar Mukherjee are also part of the film. While Jaya would play Dev's mother, Kamaleswar will be seen as Salim Saab, Rittika's music teacher. Shankar Chakraborty would enact the role of Dev's father, while Shantilal Mukherjee would essay the role of a corrupt politician.
Filming
The muhurat shot was held on 27 January 2015, whose pictures were posted by the makers on Twitter. Dev and Anindya Banerjee started shooting for Aparna Sen's Arshinagar at a city studio on 7 February 2015. Waheeda Rehman joined the shooting on 21 and 22 March.Kamaleshwar Mukherjee started shooting on 17 February 2015. Some scenes were filmed at the Bardhaman Rajbari in Alipore on Sunday afternoon. Besides Kolkata, shooting locations include Adina Mosque of Malda, Purulia and Mumbai.
Box office report
Arshinagar Movie's total budget was 2.3 Crores and Movie Box office collects total 1.97 crores between 10 Days only. Movie first day Collection was 38 lakhs and opening week collection was 87 lakhs.
References
External links
Arshinagar On Facebook
Films scored by Debojyoti Mishra
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2015 films
2015 romantic drama films
Films based on Romeo and Juliet
Indian romantic drama films
Films shot in West Bengal
Films directed by Aparna Sen
A silent alarm is a burglar alarm that makes no noise that is audible to the trespasser. The alarm makes an audible noise or visual notification elsewhere and notifies the police. A silent alarm may also be a panic button alarm.
The term still alarm is used for a fire alarm transmitted silently, usually by telephone, rather than by sounding the conventional signal or bell apparatus. Still alarms are commonly used to alert fire and medical personnel as to what type of emergency they are responding to.
Fire detection and alarm
William Edgar (Eddie) Gossage (born October 15, 1958) is a retired racing promoter and currently an American public speaker. They were formerly president and general manager of Texas Motor Speedway. In June 2021, they stepped down from the position at TMS after 27 years of running the speedway.
In 2014, Gossage built a , Big Hoss TV, which was certified by the Guinness Book of World Records as the largest HDTV in the world.
Early life and education
Gossage was born on October 15, 1958, in Nashville, Tennessee to H.L. and Lucille Gossage. They hold a BS in mass communications from Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU).
Career
Gossage began their career in April 1980 as director of public relations and assistant general manager with Nashville International Raceway. In the following year, the company moved Gossage to manage Bristol Motor Speedway.
In October 1983, Gossage joined the Miller Brewing Company as marketing communications supervisor. They left the Miller Brewing Company and joined Charlotte Motor Speedway in March 1989 as the vice president of public relations.
In 1994, track owner, Bruton Smith decided to build a new track. They handed over the project to Gossage to help determine a market location and a suitable tract of land for the new venue. Texas Motor Speedway's track debuted on April 6, 1997, running the Interstate Batteries 500 NASCAR Winston Cup Series race. In 2004, Gossage became the president at TMS.
In 2014, Gossage built Big Hoss TV, which was certified by the Guinness Book of World Records as the largest HDTV in the world. In June 2021, Gossage stepped down as president and general manager of Texas Motor Speedway.
Gossage has served on the board of directors for Speedway Children's Charities from 1997 to 2021, a member of the NASCAR Hall of Fame Nominating Committee, board of professional advisors for the MTSU College of Media and Entertainment, and member of the NASCAR Hall of Fame Voting Panel.
They served as a member of the IndyCar Iconic Committee, which selected the Dallara DW-12; and serves on the Kyle Petty Charity Ride Across America board of directors.
Awards and recognitions
In 2015, Gossage received Advertising Innovation and Marketing Excellence Award from the Dallas-Fort Worth chapters of the American Marketing Association and the American Advertising Federation.
In 2017, they received the 2017 Middle Tennessee State University Distinguished Alumnus Award.
In 2018, Eldora Speedway infield tunnel, Love Tunnel, was renamed as Gossage Tunnel in reference to Eddie Gossage.
Gossage was named to D Magazine (Dallas Magazine) list of the area's Top 500 business leaders from 2005 to 2021.
Personal life
In 2009, Gossage was diagnosed with cancer and began treatment in the spring of the same year.
See also
Texas Motor Speedway
Texas Grand Prix
Dallara DW12
A. J. Foyt
Podium
References
Living people
1958 births
American business executives
American public speakers
The arrow-marked babbler (Turdoides jardineii) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is native to woodlands in the southern Afrotropics.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Republic of the Congo, DRC, Eswatini, Gabon, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, dry savanna, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
Description
The arrow-marked babbler is a medium-sized babbler, in length and weighing . The common name for the species is derived from its plumage, which is brownish-grey above and lighter below, with white tips to the feathers on the throat, neck and head. The iris is bright red and the inner ring of the eye bright yellow or orange. The males and females are identical in appearance. Juveniles have brown eyes, and less arrow-shaped streaking on the breast.
Behaviour
The arrow-marked babbler lives in social groups of between 3 and 15 birds (six being the average) that defend large territories, with the size of the territory being dependent upon the number of individuals in the group. They feed on insects, spiders and sometimes snails and lizards, as well as fruits. Foraging occurs near the ground, sometimes in association with other babblers or bulbuls.
Gallery
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
External links
Arrow-marked babbler - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Turdoides
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds described in 1836
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Demirler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 64 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Talbot is an unincorporated community in Menominee County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
History
A post office was established at Talbot in 1883, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1905. The community was named for Matthew Talbot, 30th Governor of Georgia.
References
Unincorporated communities in Menominee County, Michigan
The Canadian Forum on Civil Justice (CFCJ) is a national non-profit organization that has been dedicated to advancing civil justice reform through research and advocacy since 1998. CFCJ strives to make the civil justice system more accessible, effective and sustainable by leading and participating in projects that place the citizen at the center of our civil justice system.
CFCJ was established in response to recommendations presented in the Systems of Civil Justice Task Force Report released in 1996 by the Canadian Bar Association. This report sought to "develop strategies and mechanisms to facilitate modernization of the justice system so that it is better able to meet the current and future needs of Canadians."
In 2011, CFCJ moved from the Faculty of Law at the University of Alberta to York University where it is affiliated with Osgoode Hall Law School and the York Centre for Public Policy and Law.
External links
Official Website of the Canadian Forum on Civil Justice
York Centre for Public Policy and Law
Legal organizations based in Ontario
Organizations based in Toronto
Tillite Glacier () is a tributary glacier flowing northwest from Pagoda Peak in Queen Alexandra Range to join Lennox-King Glacier north of Fairchild Peak. So named by New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1961–62) because it contains outcrops of ancient moraine (tillite), indicative of glacial action in remote Paleozoic times.
Glaciers of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Pinchuhridhayam is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by T. E. Vasudevan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Adoor Bhasi and Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai. The film was scored by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Adoor Bhasi
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Sankaradi
T. S. Muthaiah
Ambika
Master Prabha
Master Rameshkanna
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy with lyrics by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Ernest de Regge (15 January 1901 – 15 January 1958) was a Flemish musician who made a career in Ennis, Ireland as a cathedral organist and choir master, later also establishing themselves as a composer.
They were killed in mid career when an upper floor collapsed at the local hotel where they were attending a furniture auction.
Life
Provenance and early years
Ernest de Regge was born in Overmere, a small village in the intensively settled countryside between Ghent and Antwerp. Their father, Karel De Regge, who was the sacristan-organist at the local church, supported themselves as a teacher. The child's musical talent was identified while they were still at primary school, when they and their brother received organ lessons from Jules De Groote, brother to Emile De Groote, the organist at Ghent. Later de Regge received private organ lessons from Emile De Groote himself. In the meantime, they received a conventional secondary schooling in Sint-Niklaas. They then attended the Lemmens Institute in Mechelen, which involved a daily 5 mile (8 km) commute by bicycle to the station at Dendermonde before completing the journey on the train. At the Institute they studied composition, organ and, importantly, Gregorian plainsong, emerging in 1922 with a degree. Their marks in the final exams were second only to those of their contemporary Flor Peeters, who also won the organ prize that year. Ernest De Regge won the prize for composition, however.
Postwar emigration
Great Britain had entered the First World War ostensibly in order to defend the territorial integrity of Belgium, and across the British isles there had been much sympathy for the Belgian refugees who had arrived between 1914 and 1918. During a period of elevated nationalism across Europe, in the emerging Irish Free State there was also a sense of fellow feeling with Belgium as a victim of a militarily powerful and intrusive neighbour. For a newly qualified professional musician, Ireland shone out as a country with an abundance of well-maintained church and cathedral organs and a shortage of professional musicians, where a Belgian might expect a warm welcome. Accordingly, following their graduation at Mechelen, Ernest de Regge emigrated to Ennis in County Clare. Their prospects were enhanced by the excellent reputation of the Lemmens Institute internationally. The bishop gave them a job as a music teacher at St. Flannan's College, a prestigious school with close connections to the seminary. Bishop Michael Fogarty, who according to one source "ruled the diocese of Killaloe from 1904 until their death ... in 1955", would play an important role in de Regge's career and life more generally. With effect from 1923 de Regge was appointed organist and choir master at the cathedral. Their appointment should be seen in the context of Bishop Fogarty's determination, in compliance with the 1903 papal initiative "Tra le sollecitudini", to restore the primacy of Gregorian chant in worship.
During the 1920s and 1930s De Regge made frequent returns to Belgium, and they took the opportunity to receive further private tuition in harmony and orchestration with Paul Gilson and Lodewijk Mortelmans. It may be that Gilson provided advice on the piano concerto that De Regge was working on, but Gilson died in 1942 and the work was never completed.
Reputational achievements
The Ennis cathedral choir had originally been set up in 1859 by another Belgian, Charles Louis Nono. Under De Regge the choir's profile and reputation flourished. At a time when there was only one radio station in the country, the Ennis choir under Ernest de Regge featured in nationally broadcast concerts or masses in 1930, 1933, 1935, 1946, 1947 en 1953. According to one source the first Holy Mass to be broadcast by Raidió Éireann, transmitted on the Feast of the Epiphany as late as 1940, came from Ennis Cathedral. The same source quotes an (unidentified) press review: "...the brilliant success achieved is a tribute to the excellent training provided to the cathedral choir by organist E De Regge".
The author
In connection with their teaching work, De Regge produced a text book entitled "Theory of Music" which was used in many Irish and English schools. They also published a book entitled "Uraiceacht Ceoil" ("Rudiments of Music", 1953), though it is not immediately clear whether this was the same book in a different language or a different book.
The composer
Ernest De Regge's most enduring contribution was as a composer. They wrote roughly 300 works, mostly for the organ, piano, chamber ensemble or for mixed choirs. There were songs based on English and Gaelic texts and several settings of the Mass. With the political establishment of the recently launched Irish Free State keen to build national identity, De Regge received commissions from the Ministry of Education and Culture for nationalist-romantic compositions. They spent a number of years adapting old folk songs, complete with Gaelic language commentaries, for use in schools, a project on which they worked in collaboration with the schools inspector and musician Mícheál Ó Siochfhradha, Sister Mary Albeus and fellow teacher Joseph Rogers who taught Irish and later became bishop. They also received a commission from the Irish National Army to compose them a "Corps Song". Many of their best compositions and arrangements have been taken up by "Nan Mulligan's Choir" and broadcast on national radio. Enniscorthy Choral Society and Valda Choir, conducted by Donagh Wylde, have also made recordings of their music.
One high point came in 1950 when De Regge's "Ave Maria" was performed in Rome by the Vatican choir for the Marian Year in 1950. As the reputation of their compositions grew they featured and won prizes at various music festivals and competitions.
Money
De Regge was appointed to their college and cathedral posts in 1923 for an annual salary of £300. They were still on the same salary in the 1950s which was one of several causes of tension with the bishop. They will have received some additional amounts for giving private music lessons, and in connection with their composition, but their eldest daughter later recalled growing up in a family that was usually short of money. De Regge supplemented their income with various entrepreneurial activities. At different stages they tried chicken breeding, importing cars, managing a jewellery shop in Ennis or a music shop in Limerick. They also traded in antiques, including old pianos which they acquired with the intention of restoring them and selling them on at a profit.
Death at Carmody's Hotel
Carmody's Hotel in Ennis had a formidable history. It was said that it was here that Charles Stewart Parnell had met Kitty O'Shea for the first time. During the twentieth century Taoiseach de Valera had appeared on the balcony to greet crowds of supporters. But by 1958, with its best days behind it, the time had come to sell off the contents of Carmody's Hotel. An auction lasting for three days was scheduled to take place in the Sarsfield Room on the hotel's second floor (first floor according to British English usage), starting on Wednesday 15 January 1958. It was not an opportunity to miss and Ernest de Regge was one of many who attended the auction hoping for bargains. At 14.35 on the first day of the auction, after the auctioneer had announced the next lot - the hotel linen - but before anyone had the chance to make a bid for it, the floor collapsed, and those who had been in the Sarsfield Room were dropped down fourteen feet into the Commercial Room below it. Emergency services were quickly on the scene, which a contemporary report described as "a seething mass of humanity and debris". Ernest De Regge was one of the eight or nine people killed.
Funeral
Their funeral mass was a grand event at Ennis Cathedral. Despite sometimes frosty relations between De Regge and the bishop, proceedings were conducted by Bishop Joseph Rodgers, the former co-adjutor bishop who had taken charge after the death of Michael Fogarty in October 1955. Among those in the congregation was the Taoiseach, Éamon de Valera. After the mass, the residual solemnity of the occasion faced a challenged when the hearse carrying the coffin from the cathedral to the graveyard on the edge of town broke down and could not be persuaded to start. While larger mourners attempted a "push start" (and failed), the rumour began to spread among mourners at the back of the large procession that the hold-up was somehow linked to the propensity of De Regge's own ancient car to "need a push" at inopportune moments: there was talk of some sort of practical joke in exceptionally poor taste. In the end several of the more robust choir members extracted the coffin from the hearse and Ernest De Regge's poor body completed the final few hundred meters to the burial ground at Drumcliff not in the smooth comfort of an ancient hearse but on the shoulders of their choir.
The family stayed in Ennis for long enough to enable the children to complete their school exams for the year, but by the end of 1958 they had relocated to Belgium.
Personal
It was only on 25 August 1939, during their 37th year, that Ernest de Regge married. Their bride was Hélène Coppieters whom they had got to know in the course of their trips back to Belgium. Hélène's family had close connections with the church, and the marriage ceremony was conducted by their uncle, who was the Bishop of Ghent. There was also a celebrity organist in the person of the bridegroom's friend from their student days, Flor Peeters. The marriage was a happy one and resulted in six recorded children.
Bishop Fogarty moved to a new palace around this time and Ernest De Regge was able to live for some years with their bride and rapidly growing family at the bishop's old house. The underlying financial arrangements are not clear, but in 1948 the De Regge family were evicted by the bishop. The family spent several months living in a hotel, and then a small apartment, before finding a more permanent home at 1 Bindon Street. Many years later, De Regge's eldest daughter recalled that the incident had left their parents disillusioned and confused. They had considered moving back to Belgium, but in the end the family remained in Ennis, with Ernest employed by Bishop Fogarty till the old bishop died in October 1955. In their autobiographical memoir of their childhood in Ennis, Ghislaine de Regge provides a carefully calibrated evaluation of Bishop Fogarty: "His tender side the bishop showed to their elegant Irish Wolf Hounds".
References
Belgian organists
Male organists
Belgian composers
Male composers
People from Ennis
People from East Flanders
1901 births
1958 deaths
20th-century organists
20th-century Belgian male musicians
Helmut Kitzmüller (born 5 April 1940) is an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1960.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Agioi Anargyroi-Kamatero () is a municipality in the West Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Agioi Anargyroi.
Municipality
The municipality Agioi Anargyroi-Kamatero was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Agioi Anargyroi
Kamatero
The municipality has an area of 9.15 km2.
References
Municipalities of Attica
Populated places in West Athens (regional unit)
"Best Laid Plans" is the seventeenth episode of the fourth season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, which aired on March 29, 2015.
In this episode David Nolan and Mary Margaret tell Emma Swan the secret they have been keeping from her; and Regina is found out by Mr. Gold, Maleficent, and Cruella, while flashbacks show Snow White and Prince Charming's past with the Apprentice and with Maleficent.
Plot
Opening Sequence
A unicorn is shown galloping in the forest.
In The Characters' Past
In the Enchanted Forest, before the first curse, Snow White and Prince Charming come across a unicorn and touch its horn to see what the future holds for their unborn child. Charming sees a happy baby Emma, but Snow sees a vision of a teenage Emma ripping their heart out and crushing it. Later on, the couple run into a peddler, who tells them that Maleficent has transformed into a dragon and has laid an egg. The merchant then advises the couple to follow a path that leads them to the Apprentice's cottage. The Apprentice tells the Charmings that their child is a blank slate, and either one of their premonitions could come true, but adds that it is possible to banish the darkness from a child, and in order to do that they would have to find another blank slate to contain the darkness. Snow begins to believe that Maleficent's egg is the ideal vessel to take on the darkness, as it will only grow into a heartless monster anyway.
The Charmings later return to the cave where Maleficent, as a dragon, is guarding their egg. As they attempt to take the egg, Maleficent awakens and pleads with Snow, but the Charmings take the egg anyway (although Snow vows to return it unharmed), and bring it to the Apprentice, who then transfers the darkness from their unborn child with a powerful, irreversible curse. Unfortunately, The Apprentice left out one detail; the creature inside the egg will become the darkest force ever seen. They claim that they have no choice but to open a portal and banish it to where it can do no harm. The egg begins to hatch to reveal a harmless human baby inside, and the Charmings beg the Apprentice to stop the spell to no avail. Cruella and Ursula arrive, furious and intent on rescuing the baby, and are sucked into the portal along with the egg. The Apprentice explains that all three have been sent to a realm where they will not hurt anyone again.
Some time later, the Charmings receive a unicorn-themed mobile for the baby's room. Snow does not want the reminder of what they had done hanging over their child, but Charming believes it is a reminder that they can become the best possible people that they can be, and that the mobile should stay. The couple then vow to never succumb to the darkness again, and to always do the right thing, for the sake of their daughter.
In Storybrooke
August is in a deep sleep at the Fairies' nunnery, having been changed by magic too many times, and Regina is left with no choice but to take a photo of the illustration of the door that was torn from the book. They show it to Gold, Maleficent, and Cruella, who notice a glare on the image, leading Gold to conclude the page is protected by magic and that the Author is actually hidden inside the page. Maleficent then casts a sleeping spell all over Storybrooke so Gold and the Queens can steal the page; in exchange for their help, they tell Gold to find out what happened to their child after Mary Margaret and David "got rid of it."
Gold and the Queens go to steal the page, only to discover it missing. Henry, who is immune to the curse because a person can only be put under the sleeping spell once, has escaped with the page. They call Mary Margaret and David, who are also immune to the curse, and tells them they are in the Sorcerer's mansion. David believes that the only way they can keep Emma from going dark is to destroy the page, but that would mean keeping the Author trapped inside the page forever. As Henry waits for their grandparents, they notice a light that begins to shine from the illustration of the door. It shines a light on a desk drawer that Henry opens to reveal a key; as they take it out, Regina and the Queens arrive. Regina demands that they hand over the page and they comply, unknowingly giving them a fake page forged by Emma. Mary Margaret and David then arrive; at their request, Henry gives them the key and leaves. They plan to toss the page into the fireplace, but Mary Margaret stops David, saying that they cannot destroy everyone's chance of a happy ending, and that heroes should do what is right. The couple decides it is time to tell Emma the truth.
Gold visits a sleeping Belle at the pawn shop and explains that the reason they are searching for the Author and wants to change the destiny of the villains is so the world can be safe and free of all evil. They mysteriously claim that their magic has racked up so much debt, that it is about to catch up to them and punish them for what they have done (as they talk to her, they are seen rubbing their chest where their heart is). They vow to come back to her, then steps outside to meet up with Regina, Cruella and Maleficent. They have noticed the forgery and is onto Regina's deception, so Maleficent places them under the sleeping curse. Since their deal has fallen through, Gold decides not tell Maleficent about what happened to their child, saying that the pain would become worse if they knew the truth, but they beg them to tell them and they comply, as they show Maleficent a vision that 30 years earlier a man had adopted the baby, whom they named Lilly. It is then revealed that it is the same girl with the star on their wrist who befriended young Emma.
Later, Mary Margaret finally comes clean to Emma; Emma is disappointed and leaves angrily. Hook chases after Emma to tell them August has awoken, and they return to see August ask about the key, which could help Emma learn more about their past. August reveals that there was more than just one author, and the person who was trapped inside the book was the most current Author, who eventually began manipulating the stories for their own twisted enjoyment. After they went too far and manipulated the Apprentice so that they would banish Maleficent's child for him, the Sorcerer and the Apprentice condemned them to life in the book. Despite the warning, Emma is determined to meet the author. As Emma opens the door with the key, a person emerges, revealed to be the same peddler who encountered Emma's parents back in the Enchanted Forest. They escape before they can answer Emma's questions, and when they chase them out into the street, where they mysteriously disappear.
Cultural references
August Booth names one man who held the position of Author as Walt. This is a direct reference to Walt Disney, the famed American cartoonist, animator, film producer, and the co-founder of The Walt Disney Company.
August states that the job of the Author "goes back eons from the man who watched shadows dance across cave walls and developed an entire philosophy". This is a reference to the Greek philosopher Plato, and their Allegory of the Cave.
Reception
Ratings
The episode saw an 11% drop from the previous episode, as it posted a 1.7/5 among 18-49s with 5.40 million viewers tuning in. The drop was attributed to increased competition from the NCAA Men's Basketball playoffs on CBS (which pushed the start of the network's lineup back by 17 minutes) and the iHeart Radio Music Awards on NBC.
Reviews
The episode was met with excellent reviews with critics praising the plot and performances, particularly Kristin Bauer van Straten.
Amy Ratcliffe of IGN said of the episode, "The revelations about the way Maleficent lost their child and the role of the Author were satisfying and neatly tied together various plot threads. Fitting all the puzzle pieces into the past so they affect the present without disrupting it can't be simple, but this episode is a great example of how the flashbacks we see can give us a better understanding of characters we've known for a few years." Ratcliffe gave the episode an 8.7 rating out of 10.
Hilary Busis of Entertainment Weekly noted that the outing was well outlined to keep viewers wanting to know what will happen as the series took a two-week break so ABC can air The Ten Commandments: "So it's a good thing that tonight's episode gave us both big answers and a bit of a cliffhanger, all the better to keep us both satisfied and intrigued during the next 14 days." They also added "Normally, when an episode of television is titled “Best Laid Plans,” it's because someone in the cast is going to get lucky."
In a review from Rickey.org, Nick Roman cites "Best Laid Plans" "is one of the better Once Upon A Time episodes to engage with this theme in some time. So, for that reason, I feel like this episode is well worth checking out."
References
External links
2015 American television episodes
Once Upon a Time (season 4) episodes
Ali Ahmad Kurd (), is a Pakistani lawyer who has been president of the Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan and is prominent in the Lawyers' Movement in that country. They opposed former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf.
Activism
While vice-chairperson of the Balochistan Bar Association in 2002, Ali Ahmad Kurd staged a protest burning of amendments to the constitution that had been proposed by Musharraf. The action formed part of wider protests by lawyers' associations, religious bodies and political parties in reaction to what they perceived to be attempts by Musharraf to undermine their opponents and consolidate their own power.
Kurd was briefly detained on 29 April 2007 in Quetta on the charges of inciting people during an absentia funeral of Nawab Akbar Bugti a year earlier. Their detention was protested by lawyers and police released him, claiming that there had been no arrest and that the matter was a misunderstanding. Kurd was at that time vice-chairperson of the Pakistan Bar Council.
After imposing martial law in Pakistan on 3 November 2007, Musharraf suspended the constitution and Kurd was among those placed under house arrest. They were released in March 2008.
Later, in March 2009 when President of the Supreme Court Bar Association, Kurd led protests by lawyers seeking the return of an independent judiciary. These protests were influential in the reinstatement of Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry as Chief Justice. Chaudhry had been removed from their position by Musharraf and the decision was not reversed under the presidency of Asif Ali Zardari until the lawyers began a mass march from Lahore to Islamabad that was supported by large crowds and coincided with rioting.
In 2012, Kurd was considered as a nominee for the post of Chief Election Commissioner of Pakistan by the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz but was ruled out of contention due to constitutional ineligibility. They had also been considered as a possible caretaker prime minister.
See also
Fakhruddin G. Ebrahim
References
Further reading
Baloch people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
K
Pakistani democracy activists
Pakistani human rights activists
People from Quetta
Presidents of the Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan
Vice Chairmen of the Pakistan Bar Council
Kessler's Cross Lanes (sometimes misspelled as Kesler's Cross Lanes on maps) is an unincorporated community along Route 129 in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States. Just south of Kessler's Cross Lanes is Carnifex Ferry Battlefield State Park, which is a park of historical interest; a Civil War battle was fought at the site in 1863.
Located nearby is the Capt. John Halstead Farm, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
Name
The community was named after Frederick Kessler, an early settler.
See also
Battle of Kessler's Cross Lanes
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Nicholas County, West Virginia
This is a list of awards dedicated to honoring or recognizing African Americans.
Awards
Afro-Academic, Cultural, Technological and Scientific Olympics
BCALA Literary Awards (Black Caucus of the American Library Association Literary Awards). Annual literary award from the American Library Association, Black Caucus, which honors "outstanding works of fiction and nonfiction for adult audiences by African American authors"
The BET Honors, which celebrates the lives and achievements of African American luminaries.
Candace Award, National Coalition of 100 Black Women
Coretta Scott King Award (annual literary award from the American Library Association given to African American authors and illustrators)
Golden Eagle Award, Afro-American in the Arts
Black Movie Awards
Essence Literary Awards (defunct)
Glyph Comics Awards
Langston Hughes Medal
Miss Black America
Miss Black USA
NAACP Image Awards (given by the NAACP annually to people of color)
NAACP Theatre Awards
Percy L. Julian Award
Shelia Award (alt. spelling "Sheila Award"), Harriet Tubman African American Museum
Spingarn Medal
William E. Harmon Foundation award for distinguished achievement among Negroes
African Americans
African American-related lists
The superhedging price is a coherent risk measure. The superhedging price of a portfolio (A) is equivalent to the smallest amount necessary to be paid for an admissible portfolio (B) at the current time so that at some specified future time the value of B is at least as great as A. In a complete market the superhedging price is equivalent to the price for hedging the initial portfolio.
Mathematical definition
If the set of equivalent martingale measures is denoted by EMM then the superhedging price of a portfolio X is where is defined by
.
defined as above is a coherent risk measure.
Acceptance set
The acceptance set for the superhedging price is the negative of the set of values of a self-financing portfolio at the terminal time. That is
.
Subhedging price
The subhedging price is the greatest value that can be paid so that in any possible situation at the specified future time you have a second portfolio worth less or equal to the initial one. Mathematically it can be written as . It is obvious to see that this is the negative of the superhedging price of the negative of the initial claim (). In a complete market then the supremum and infimum are equal to each other and a unique hedging price exists. The upper and lower bounds created by the subhedging and superhedging prices respectively are the no-arbitrage bounds, an example of good-deal bounds.
Dynamic superhedging price
The dynamic superhedging price has conditional risk measures of the form:
where denotes the essential supremum. It is a widely shown result that this is time consistent.
References
Financial risk modeling
The spotted honeyeater (Xanthotis polygrammus) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Xanthotis
Birds described in 1861
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Theopea is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are more than 25 described species in Theopea. They are found in Indomalaya and the Palearctic. It is closely related to the genera Pseudotheopea and Borneotheopea.
Species
These 28 species belong to the genus Theopea, divided into three species groups (with nine others considered as species incertae sedis):
Theopea impressa group:
Theopea chungi Lee & Bezdĕk, 2019
Theopea impressa (Fabricius, 1801)
Theopea longicollis (Jacoby, 1896)
Theopea louwerensi Jolivet, 1951
Theopea lunduensis Mohamedsaid, 1998
Theopea flavipalpis group:
Theopea flavipalpis Laboissiere, 1940
Theopea guoi Lee & Bezdĕk, 2019
Theopea lui Lee & Bezdĕk, 2019
Theopea sabahensis Lee & Bezdĕk, 2019
Theopea pulchella group:
Theopea bicolor Kimoto, 1989
Theopea bicoloroides Lee & Bezděk, 2020
Theopea elegantula Baly, 1864
Theopea fairmairei Duvivier, 1885
Theopea houjayi Lee & Bezdĕk, 2019
Theopea kedenburgi Weise, 1922
Theopea mouhoti Baly, 1864
Theopea pulchella Baly, 1864
Theopea tsoui Lee & Bezdĕk, 2019
Theopea yuae Lee & Bezdĕk, 2019
Species incertae sedis:
Theopea clypeata Jacoby, 1896
Theopea dohrni (Jacoby, 1889)
Theopea incostata (Allard, 1889)
Theopea intermedia (Jacoby, 1889)
Theopea modiglianii Jacoby, 1896
Theopea obliterata Jacoby, 1884
Theopea variabilis (Jacoby, 1887)
Theopea viridipennis (Jacoby, 1899)
Theopea weberi (Weise, 1913)
References
Galerucinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Asia
Taxa named by Joseph Sugar Baly
Ivan Tsarevich ( or Иван-царевич) is one of the main heroes of Russian folklore, usually a protagonist, often engaged in a struggle with Koschei. Along with Ivan the Fool, Ivan Tsarevich is a placeholder name rather than a definitive character. Tsarevich is a title given to the sons of tsars.
 They are often, but not always, the youngest son of three. In the tale "The Three Tsardoms" they are a son of Nastasya the Golden Braid. Different legends describe Ivan as having various wives, including Yelena the Beautiful, Vasilisa the Wise and Marya Morevna.
Ivan is sometimes depicted with magic abilities and wields the sword Kladenets.
Ivan is the main hero of multiple Russian folktales.  They are almost always portrayed either as the third son of a peasant family or as the third son of a king. In the latter stories, they are called Ivan Tsarevich, which means "tsar's son". ("Ivan" is one of the most common Russian forenames.) The friends and foes of Ivan Tsarevich are often mythic figures, from magical animals to deathless beings. The most famous folktale featuring Ivan as the protagonist is "Tsarevitch Ivan, the Firebird and the Gray Wolf". In this story, a magical wolf aids Ivan as they capture the firebird and wins the hand of a beautiful tsarevna. The firebird inspired Igor Stravinsky's 1910 ballet of the same name. In another famous tale, part of which was also used by Stravinsky in The Firebird, Ivan Tsarevich married a warrior princess, Maria Morevna, who had been kidnapped by the immortal being called Koschei the Deathless. In this tale, the animal helpers were a lion, a bird and a magical horse that belonged to Baba Yaga. Mounted on this horse, Ivan defeats Koschei. Ivan the peasant's son has as many tales as Ivan Tsarevich. One of the best knowns is the story "the Little Humpbacked Horse", in which a magical talking horse helps Ivan to become a hero and to marry the princess they love.
Tales about Ivan Tsarevich include:
"Ivan Tsarevich and the Grey Wolf"
"Tsarevna the Frog"
"The Sea Tsar and Vasilisa the Wise"
"The Tale about Rejuvenating Apples and the Life Water"
"The Death of Koschei the Immortal" (also known as "Marya Morevna")."
References
Russian folklore characters
Fictional princes
Fairy tale stock characters
Russian folklore
Fictional characters who use magic
Heroes in mythology and legend
Boria Kamalpur is a village in Rewari mandal of Jatusana Block, in the Indian state of Haryana. It is near Budhpur village Rewari at about on Drive via NH 71B, from Rewari Berli Kosli Road on approach road. It is also named as Bodia Kamal Pur
Demographics
As of 2011 India census, Boria Kamalpur had a population of 2057 in 426 households. Males (1086) constitute 52.79% of the population and females (971) 47.20%. Budhpur has an average literacy rate(1504) of 73.11%, lower than the national average of 74%: male literacy (884) is 58.77%, and female (620) literacy is 41.22%. In Boria Kamalpur, 10.64% of the population is under 6 years of age(219) .
Adjacent Villages
Budhpur
Rasooli
References
Villages in Rewari district
The Saflieni phase is one of the eleven phases of Maltese prehistory, the fourth of five in the middle or Temple period. It is named for the Ħal-Saflieni Hypogeum, an underground temple complex now recognised as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO, which was built mainly in this period.
The Saflieni phase, from approximately 3300–3000 BC, is a brief transitional phase between the Ġgantija and Tarxien phases, the two main phases during which the principal Megalithic temples of Malta were built. Saflieni-phase ceramics may provide a useful indication of separation between the two long phases. They have been recovered a number of Megalithic sites, including: the top level of the remains at Santa Verna at Xagħra in Gozo; from the eastern part of the temple of Ta' Ħaġrat in Mġarr; and from the lower levels of the east temple at Skorba.
References
Neolithic cultures of Europe
Archaeological cultures of Southern Europe
Archaeological cultures in Malta
Pre-Indo-Europeans
Megalithic Temples of Malta
Maltese prehistory
Lingens v Austria (1986) 8 EHRR 407 was a 1986 European Court of Human Rights case that placed restrictions on libel laws because of the freedom of expression provisions of Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Context
Peter Michael Lingens was fined for publishing in a Vienna magazine (Profil) comments about the behavior of the Austrian Chancellor, such as 'basest opportunism', 'immoral' and 'undignified'. Under the Austrian criminal code the only defense was proof of the truth of these statements. Lingens could not prove the truth of these value judgments.
Judgment
The European Court of Human Rights stated that a careful distinction needed to be made between facts and value judgments/opinions. The existence of facts can be demonstrated, whereas the truth of value judgments is not susceptible of proof. The facts on which Lingens founded their value judgments were not disputed; nor was their good faith. Since it was impossible to prove the truth of value judgments, the requirement of the relevant provisions of the Austrian criminal code was impossible of fulfilment and infringed article 10 of the Convention.
External links
Text of ECHR judgment
Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights
Defamation case law
European Court of Human Rights cases decided by the Grand Chamber
European Court of Human Rights cases involving Austria
1986 in Austria
Kellick Island is an island long, lying north-east of Round Point, off the north coast of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for Captain Kellick, Master of the British sealer Henry, who visited the South Shetland Islands in 1821–22.
Important Bird Area
The island has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a large breeding colony of about 27,000 pairs of chinstrap penguins.
See also
List of Antarctic and Subantarctic islands
References
Islands of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Einar Már Guðmundsson (born 18 September 1954 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic author of novels, short stories, and poetry. Their books have been translated into several languages.
Background
Guðmundsson grew up in Reykjavík. In 1979 they received their Bachelor of Arts at the University of Iceland in comparative literature and history. They subsequently worked in the comparative literature department of the University of Copenhagen. Today, the author lives in Reykjavík, is married, and has five children.
Works
Einar's first book was poetry and their best-known work is their novel Englar alheimsins (Angels of the Universe), subsequently adapted as a film.
1980: Sendisveinninn er einmana, poetry (Gallerí Suðurgata 7, Reykjavík)
1980: Er nokkur í Kórónafötum hér inni?, poetry (Gallerí Suðurgata 7, Reykjavík)
1981: Róbinson Krúsó snýr aftur, poetry (Iðunn, Reykjavík)
1982: Riddarar hringstigans, novel (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1983: Vængjasláttur í þakrennum, novel (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1986: Eftirmáli regndropanna, novel (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1988: Leitin að dýragarðinum, short stories (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1990: Rauðir dagar, novel (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1991: Klettur í hafi, poetry (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1992: Fólkið í steininum, children's book (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1993: Hundakexið, children's book (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1993: Englar alheimsins, novel (Almenna bókafélagið, Reykjavík)
1995: Í augu óreiðunnar: ljóð eða eitthvað í þá áttina, poetry (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
1995: Ljóð 1980–1981, poetry (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
1997: Fótspor á himnum, novel (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2000: Draumar á jörðu, novel (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2001: Kannski er pósturinn svangur, short stories (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2002: Ljóð 1980–1995, poetry (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2002: Nafnlausir vegir, novel (Mál og menning, Reykjavik)
2004: Bítlaávarpið, novel (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2006: Ég stytti mér leið framhjá dauðanum, poetry (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2007: Rimlar hugans, novel (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2009: Hvíta bókin (The White Book), essays (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2011: Bankastræti núll (0 Bank Street), essays (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2012: Íslenskir kóngar (Icelandic Kings), novel (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
2015: Hundadagar (Dog-Days), novel (Mál og menning, Reykjavík)
Awards and honors
1995: The Nordic Council's Literature Prize for Englar alheimsins
1999: Karen Blixen medaljen from the Danish Academy
2002: Riddarakross of Hin íslenska fálkaorða fyrir framlag til íslenskra bókmennta
2012: Swedish Academy's Nordic Prize for services to Nordic literature
2015: Íslensku bókmenntaverðlaunin for their novel Hundadagar
German language editions
Die Ritter der runden Treppe (Riddarar hringstigans, 1982), Munich, Goldmann btb, 1999,
Engel des Universums (Englar alheimsins, 1993), Munich, Goldmann, Bd. 72514 btb, 2000,
Fußspuren am Himmel (Fótspor á himnum, 1997), Munich, Vienna, Carl Hanser, 2001,
References
External links
Edda.is
Bokmenntir
– Einar Már Guðmundsson (isl./engl.)
Zu seinem lyrischen Schaffen (isl.)
Gudmundsson, Einar Mar
Einar Gudmundsson, Mar
Einar Gudmundsson, Mar
Gudmundsson, Einar Mar
Nordic Council Literature Prize winners
University of Iceland alumni
University of Copenhagen faculty
20th-century Icelandic people
20th-century Icelandic poets
Oleksandr Mykolayovich (or Aleksandr Nikolayevich) Tkachenko () (born 24 January 1947 in Kupiansk) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian coach.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1972.
International career
Tkachenko made their debut for USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.
References
Profile
1947 births
Living people
People from Kupiansk
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC Shakhtar Stakhanov players
Soviet Top League players
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian football managers
FC Shakhtar Stakhanov managers
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Kharkiv Oblast
Kukići () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 490 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Iralco or the Irish Aluminium Company is the former name of a car parts manufacturer situated in Collinstown, North Westmeath. The company was one of the longest-established manufacturers in Ireland and was initially established in 1964 by Franz Pohl, a German entrepreneur.
It produces components for car manufacturers including Audi, BMW, Ford, Seat, Volkswagen, Volvo and Jaguar.
In August 2008 the company was taken over by C&F Automotive Limited, and in 2018 was sold to Decotek Automotive Limited. At the time of the 2018 sale, it had approximately 390 employees.
References
Companies of the Republic of Ireland
Manufacturing companies established in 1964
County Westmeath
2008 mergers and acquisitions
2018 mergers and acquisitions
Irish companies established in 1964
Heterochordeumatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 30 or 32 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Heterochordeuma Pocock, 1893
Infulathrix Shear, 2000
Pyrgeuma Shear, 2013
Sumatreuma Hoffman, 1963
References
Chordeumatida
Grand Ayatollah Syed Mohsin Nawab Rizvi (14 April 1911 – 26 August 1969) () popularly known as Mohsin-ul-millat, was a poet, writer, speaker and a Twelver Shia Marja from India. They served as vice principal of Sultanul Madaris, Lucknow, and as a principal of Govt Oriental College Madarsa Alia, Rampur and Madarsa Imaniya Nasiriya, Jaunpur.
Biography
They were born in 1911 at Lucknow. Their father Maulana Syed Ahmad Nawab Rizvi was a prominent Shia Scholar and was the editor of the monthly Urdu magazine, Alawarif. After earning their degree of Sadrul Afazil from Madrasa Sulatanul Madaris, they went to Hawza 'Ilmiyya Najaf, Iraq, where they studied Dars al-Kharij with Ayatollah Abu l-Hasan al-Isfahani, Ayatollah Syed Ziauddin Iraqi, Ayatollah Mirza Hussein Naini, Ayatollah Shaikh Abdul Husain Rashti, and Ayatollah Seyed Jawad Tabrezi, They earned the Ijazae ijtihad (the highest degree of islamic jurisprudence).
Rizvi understood Urdu, Arabic and Farsi. During their student life in Lucknow they were the editor of an Arabic religious and literary magazine, Al-Adeeb, which was published under the patronage of Nasirul Millat Syed Nasir Husain. After returning from Iraq they were appointed as a principal of Jamaey Imaniya Nasirya, Jaunpur. They managed a middle school, which became a leading degree college in Jaunpur District, known as Raza D.M. Shia Degree College. After Jaunpur, Rizvi was called on by then Nawab of Rampur Raza Ali Khan Bahadur Rampur State (U.P) India to take charge of the Madrsa-e-Aliya (Oriential college) Rampur (UP) as principal. After remaining few years as the principal they came back to Lucknow and joined Madrase Sultanul Madaris Lucknow (U.P.) India as vice principal, as the Matla-e-Anwar (written by Maulana Murtaza Husain Sadrul-Afazil). They were a chief patron of the monthly Urdu magazine ALILM. They wrote many books, some of them published and others still unpublished. They were a great khateeb (orator). They were the general secretary of All India Shia Majlise Ulama (Council of Scholars); among scholars they were known as Mohsinullmillat.
They died on 26 August 1969 and is buried in Lucknow.
Notable disciples
Maulana Syed Mazahir Husain Rizvi Ex- Leader of Friday Prayers, Sultanate of Mahmudabad, Awadh, Lucknow, India
Maulana Syed Hamidul Hasan Ex- Principal Jamia Nazmia, Lucknow, India.
Molvi Iftikhar Hussain Ansari Ex- MLA, President All Jammu & Kashmir Shia Association. Srinagar, India.
Mirza Mohammed Athar, Ex Principal Shia college, Lucknow, India
Dr.Syed Mohammad Waris Hasan Naqvi PhD (Edenbraugh University) Ex Principal Madrase Waizeen, Lucknow, India.
Syed Ahmed (politician), Ex Governor Jharkhand and Manipur.
Dr. Syed Kalbe Sadiq Naqvi PhD (Muslim University Aligarh) Lucknow, India.
Dr. Syed Shabeehul Hasan Nunahravi, PhD, Ex Head of Department Urdu (Lucknow University Lucknow, UP, India
Maulana Shaikh Shabbir Hasan Najafi Mujtahid Kopa Gang Dist Azam Gadh, UP, India Ex Teacher Hauza e Ilmiyah, Mashhad, Iran
Maulana Mirza Mohammad Alim Lucknow, UP India.
Writings
Ghadeer se Karbala tak
Hadees Madeenatul Ilm (Hadees ki Sanad aur uski dalalat)
Zaereen-e- Qaime Aley Mohammad (A.S)
Falsafa-e- Sahro Aijaz
Kahalike Kaiynat aur Qadeem wa Jadeed Falsafi
Altatheer
Mhuaabat Ahlebait-e- Tahireen (A.S) wa Gunahgar Momineen
Diwane Shaeri (Qasaed wa Gazalyat)
Hazrat Mola Imam Hussain A.s ka Matam
Books written in Arabic
References
1969 deaths
1911 births
Indian Shia Muslims
Scholars from Lucknow
Indian ayatollahs
Rezaabad-e Sharqi (, also Romanized as Reẕāābād-e Sharqī; also known as Reẕāābād, Chāh-e Reẕāābād, Rāzābād, and Rezāābād) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population stoppppp
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Eduard Plietzsch (1886 – 1961) was a German art historian and dealer investigated in connection to Nazi-looted art.
Plietzsch was trained as an art historian in Berlin, where they worked for Wilhelm von Bode. They also assisted Cornelis Hofstede de Groot with their inventory of Dutch paintings, becoming an expert on Dutch Baroque artists and earning a byline in Volume 5 for their work on Gerard ter Borch. Later on, after the death of Hofstede de Groot they planned to compile their findings in a book, but was interrupted by WWII. They finally published in 1944 and this remained the definitive update to Emile Michel's version in 1887 until it was updated by Sturla Gudlaugsson in 1960.
They were director and co-owner with Kurt Benedict of the Galerie van Diemen & Co. which had offices in Berlin, Amsterdam, The Hague, and NYC. The Berlin office organized the first exhibition of Russian art in 1922, but it closed in 1935.
During the Second World War, when most museums were closed and little work for art dealers or art historians was available, as an art expert Plietzsch worked for the notorious Nazi art agent Kajetan Mühlmann in The Hague, with their inventory and selection of stolen works of art that were sent to the Führermuseum in Linz. Reported to have been involved in the "confiscation of the Mannheimer Collection and the sale of the Mendelssohn Collection", they were taken into custody by the British and investigated by the Art Looting Investigation Unit in 1945–46, which also noted that Plietzsch advised Seyss-Inquart. Seyss-Inquart would be sentenced to death for Nazi war crimes and executed. Plietzsch returned to their career as an art historian after WWII. Historian Jonathan Petropoulos notes that Plietzsch was "shrewd enough to burn all of their correspondance in their cellar" before the Nazis lost the war.
Plietzsch gave their archives to the RKD in 1952.
References
External links
Plietzsch in the RKD
Works in Worldcat
Gerard Ter Borch, by Plietzsch, 1944, on archive.org
van Diemen, Galerie in Lost art database
1886 births
1961 deaths
German art historians
Hubert Airy (June 14, 1838 – June 1, 1903) was an English physician who was the pioneer in the study of a migraine. They were the son of Sir George Airy, Astronomer Royal. They have two portraits in the National Portrait Gallery.
They were one of the first to describe the common visual aura, which is the second stage in an outbreak of a migraine attack and precede a headache, and also coined the term Scintillating scotoma for it.
References
1838 births
1903 deaths
Hubert
Operation Musketeer may refer to:
US military plans for the Philippines campaign (1944–1945)
Operation Musketeer (1956), the Anglo-French invasion of Egypt to capture the Suez Canal in 1956
Operation Musketeer (nuclear test), a series of underground nuclear tests conducted by the United States in Nevada in 1985-87
Wardner is a side-scrolling platform game developed by Toaplan and published in arcades worldwide by Taito in 1987.
In Wardner, players assume the role of a child named Dover on a journey to rescue their kidnapped girlfriend Mia from the titular warlock. Initially released for the arcades, the title was later ported to other platforms by different third-party developers including the Famicom Disk System and Sega Genesis, with each one featuring several changes and additions compared to the original version. Conversions for both the Nintendo Entertainment System and PC Engine were also in development but never released.
Wardner was met with positive reception from video game magazines since its release in arcades, though reviewers drew comparison with Capcom's Ghosts 'n Goblins due to its gameplay style, while the Genesis version was met with mixed reviews after launch. As of 2019, the rights to the title is owned by Tatsujin, a company founded in 2017 by former Toaplan member Masahiro Yuge and now-affiliate of Japanese arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia alongside many other Toaplan IPs.
Gameplay
Wardner is a side-scrolling action-platform game similar to Ghosts 'n Goblins and Rastan where the players take control of Dover, the main protagonist through five stages (six in the Genesis version) of varying themes set in a fantasy land, with the main objective being rescuing their girlfriend Mia from the titular antagonist by defeating their servants, some of which that act as a boss at the end of the stage in order to progress further on the journey.
Some of the levels featured are linear in nature, populated with obstacles and enemies, requiring the player to traverse the stage by running, jumping, climbing, shooting or dodging enemies, while other levels that are featured later in the game become more maze-like and exploratory, making the player take different routes to reach the end. Along the way, gold orbs can be picked up by defeating enemies to increase the player character's firepower, as well as money that is used in shops at the end of each stage to acquire protective items and new attacks, though some of them can also be obtained during the level.
The game hosts a number of hidden bonus secrets to be found on certain setpieces within the scenery, which is also crucial for reaching high-scores to obtain extra lives. The title uses a checkpoint system in which a downed single player will respawn at the beginning of the checkpoint they managed to reach before dying. Getting hit by enemy fire, colliding against solid stage obstacles, falling off the stage or running out of time will result in losing a live and once all lives are lost, the game is over unless the players insert more credits into the arcade machine to continue playing.
Development and release
Wardner was released on arcades worldwide by Taito in 1987, while the North American version was distributed under the name Pyros. Osamu Ōta served as composer for the title's soundtrack under the alias "Ree" in one of their first roles on the video game industry prior to Twin Hawk and Snow Bros.. Former Toaplan composer Masahiro Yuge stated in a 2012 interview with Japanese publications Shooting Gameside that Ōta joined the company when their staff was small, while Tatsuya Uemura stated in a 2009 interview that the project was created by Etsuhiro Wada and was also influenced by Wizardry. On 25 June 1989, an album containing music from the title and other Toaplan games was published exclusively in Japan by Datam Polystar.
On 25 March 1988, a port of Wardner developed by Daiei Seisakusho was released exclusively in Japan for the Famicom Disk System by Taito. A version for the Nintendo Entertainment System was developed and planned to be published by Sammy in North America under the name Pyross. Despite being showcased to the public during the Summer Consumer Electronics Show 1990, this version of the game was never officially released for unknown reasons.
On 26 April 1991, a reworked port of the game was developed for the Sega Genesis by Dragnet and first released in Japan by Visco Corporation under the name Wardner no Mori Special, while a North American release by Mentrix Software occurred later on May of the same year. In 1988, a version for the PC Engine was announced to be in development by NEC Avenue under the helm of Prototype founder Toshio Tabeta and despite being previewed, the project was then moved on to the PC Engine CD-ROM² and ultimately to the PC Engine Super CD-ROM² before being cancelled after multiple delays, despite work on the port being completed.
In 2019, Japanese company M2 announced that in 2020 they will release every game by Toaplan (excluding Mahjong Sisters and Enma Daiō) for consoles in Japan including Wardner. In 2022, both the arcade and the Famicom Disk System versions will be included in the Hishou Same! Same! Same! compilation for Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 as part of M2's Toaplan Arcade Garage label as downloadable content.
Reception and legacy
In Japan, Game Machine listed Wardner on their November 1, 1987 issue as being the ninth most-successful table arcade unit of the month, outperforming titles such as Arkanoid: Revenge of Doh and Black Tiger. Wardner was met with positive reception from critics since its release in the arcades and compared the game with Ghosts 'n Goblins by Capcom. Mike Pattenden of Commodore User praised the presentation, visuals and challenge. Clare Edgeley of Computer and Video Games gave positive remarks to the gameplay and level design. Likewise, both Robin Hogg and Cameron Pound from The Games Machine commended the visuals, action and gameplay. Although Crash'''s Steve Jarratt and Julian Rignall noted its lack of originality, they praised the gameplay. Den of Geek, however, regarded it to be a solid but forgettable title from Toaplan.Wardner was received with a more mixed reception on Sega Genesis from reviewers. In their respective retrospective review, gaming website HonestGamers felt mixed about the Genesis port.
In more recent years, the rights to the game and many other IPs from Toaplan are now owned by Tatsujin, a company named after Truxton'''s Japanese title that was founded in 2017 by Yuge, who are now affiliated with arcade manufacturer exA-Arcadia.
Notes
References
External links
Wardner at GameFAQs
Wardner at Giant Bomb
Wardner at Killer List of Videogames
Wardner at MobyGames
Wardner at The Toaplan Museum
1987 video games
Arcade video games
Cancelled Nintendo Entertainment System games
Cancelled TurboGrafx-16 games
Famicom Disk System games
Fantasy video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Sega Genesis games
Side-scrolling platform games
Taito games
Taito arcade games
Toaplan games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Osamu Ōta
Video games set in forests
Visco Corporation games
Vandal-resistant switches (also referred to as vandal-proof switches) are electrical switches designed to be installed in a location (or device) and application where they may be subject to abuse and attempts to damage them, as in the case of pedestrian crossing switches. Vandal-resistant switches located on devices that are outdoors must be able to withstand extreme temperatures, dust, rain, snow, and ice. Many vandal-resistant switches are intended to be operated by the general public, and must withstand heavy use and even abuse, such as attempts to damage the switch with metal tools. These switches must also resist dirt and moisture.
Tamper-resistant switches (or tamper-proof switches) are types of vandal-resistant switches which are not intended to be operated except by authorized users. They may control special functions, such as auditing of voting machines, operation of power tools or equipment, enabling of security alarm systems (e.g., arming and disarming), or restocking of vending machines. A very commonly seen tamper-resistant switch is the ignition switch in most motor vehicles.
Vandal-resistant switches are usually protected by the use of robust materials, such as thick stainless steel or heavy-duty plastics. Some tamper-resistant switches are also protected against operation by using other approaches, such as hiding the switches behind a locked or screwed-down door-covered panel, or by requiring a key or passcode before the switch will operate the device. One widely used example of a tamper-proof switch is the ignition system of a standard car; to prevent strangers from joyriding in the car or stealing it, car ignition systems require a key to start the engine.
Mechanical characteristics
Pushbutton vandal-resistant switches are frequently constructed of stainless steel or other durable materials, and are mounted into panels or housing boxes made out of strong materials, such as polycarbonate plastic, aluminium, or stainless steel. In some cases, the housing may be thick, to protect both the switch and the housing from attempts by vandals to damage the switch or housing using blunt force. The housing for vandal-proof switches is often secured using security screws (which cannot be unscrewed with regular screw drivers). The height of buttons in the panel is often minimized by using flush-mounting, to make it more difficult to pry them out, a design technique used in ATM banking machines that are located outside.
Vandal-resistant switches often need to be water and dust resistant due to their environments. Some types are potted to make them waterproof. The International Electrotechnical Commission has produced a standard, IEC 60529, which categorizes products' degrees of protection from liquids and dust using IP codes. A DIN extension of the IEC standard, DIN 40050-9 further defines Degree of Protection IP 69K as being able to withstand high-pressure washing or steam cleaning. This capability is needed in some particular applications, such as dairy milking machines, and is provided by some manufacturers' products.
Electrical characteristics
Vandal-resistant switches are often low-voltage, low current, so-called "signal" types intended to trigger a change in state, perhaps from "off" to "on" and vice versa. The mechanical types often have gold-plated contacts that do not corrode, to allow reliable low-power switching. A few types are capable of switching 120 or 220 V AC power at several amperes, and are better suited to direct switching of the AC power to a device than the gold-plated contact switches. Heavy-duty switches often have silver or silver-plated contacts to handle higher currents.
Many but not all vandal-resistant switches are momentary types; that is to say they only open or close a circuit while being depressed and revert to their inactive state when the button is released. Piezoelectric vandal-resistant switches usually fall into this category, but generally provide a pulse signal rather than staying continuously activated during the time pressure is applied, unlike their mechanical contact-based counterparts. Latching (push-on/push-off)-type vandal-resistant switches with mechanical contacts are also available, and are often used as the power switch for equipment that is used very frequently or which may be subjected to abuse.
Hidden switches
In some cases, such as equipment used in schools, community centers, or other public places, the equipment is designed so that some or all of the switches are hidden behind a locked cover. Some public address systems are sold in tamper-resistant designs that make it harder for unauthorized members of the public to activate the system or change the settings. The switches are at the rear of the unit; only LED lights are on the front of the panel. When the unit is rack-mounted into a wall or rack unit, this means that only official personnel (who are able to access the back of the panel) can change the settings or use the unit. Another variant on this design is to cover the switches with a locked panel. In some cases, such as the sound system in a bar or club, the locked cover may be made from transparent plexiglass, so that the sound engineer can verify the sound system settings and switches (yet at the same time, the locked panel prevents mischief-minded club patrons from tampering or altering the amplifier or equalizer settings).
In some cases, the switches are placed behind a door that is secured with a screw but not locked with a key; they are out of sight and thus less likely to be interfered with. Screw-on door-covered switches are used on public address equipment that is intended to be rented out to non-professional users. The switches for some settings, such as the on-off switch for the speaker-protection limiter or a low-pitch "rumble filter" (designed to protect speakers from very low sounds), may be hidden behind a screwed-on door or metal plate.
Screwed-on covers are also widely used on children's electric and electronic toys, so that a parent can control certain settings such as the maximum speed of a toy electric ride-on car or the maximum volume of a video game.
Locked switches
Where lighting circuits must not be accidentally switched off (for example, school corridors), a vandal-resistant switch may be installed. These require a simple key or tool to operate, and thus discourage casual or accidental operation of the switch.
In some devices, the switch is built into a keyed lock mechanism, which prevents unauthorized use of the device. In this type of vandal-proof system, when the key is turned in the lock, the user can turn the equipment on. Some mobility scooters for disabled people have a locked "on-off" switch, to prevent the scooter from being driven away by vandals or joyriders while it is parked in a public place. A variant of this design is to use a computerized keypad and a secret code that activates and deactivates the switches.
The circular saw systems in major hardware stores use a combination code keypad to prevent store patrons from using the circular saw. The power tool cannot be operated until an authorized user (e.g. a trained store employee) enters a code into the keypad.
Indicators
Vandal-resistant switches (like some other types of switches) can incorporate indicator lights or LEDs to indicate circuit activation, deactivation or fault conditions. LEDs are used for this purpose in this style switch, being available in several colors and operating at low voltages. Single and ring-shaped groups of LEDs can thus show the current status of equipment or machines. In some products the LEDs can have two colors to show multiple status conditions, such as On (green) / Off (extinguished) / Fault (red).
However, many switches indicate their status by purely mechanical means, such as by the position of a toggle handle, or the visibility of a brightly painted indicator flap.
Non-mechanical types
Although mechanical contact-based switches are most commonly used for general purpose electrical switching, switches that have no moving parts are generally longer-lived. Piezo and capacitance switches are the two most popular non-mechanical switch types currently available. One advantage they have over mechanical contact-based switches is that they have no moving parts to wear out. This makes them capable of lasting for tens of millions of operations.
Glass reed switches use a thin metal "reed" that bends when a magnet is brought near it; since the entire unit is sealed in a glass tube, this helps protect the switch from moisture and dust that can damage regular switches.
Applications
Public interactive kiosks that provide tourist information or government forms
Elevator buttons and security switches
Pedestrian crossing signal activation switches
Intercom "push-to-talk" devices at the entrance to apartment buildings
Electronic door switches for garages and mechanical gates
Parking lot ticket machines and computerized ticket paying stations
Alarm, safety, and security systems
Automatic food and drink vending machines
Public address systems in schools, community centers, and bars
Rental equipment that may be subjected to heavy use
See also
Trapped-key interlocking
References
Switches
Vandalism
Electronic design
This article lists the results for the Japan national football team between 1940 and 1949.
Because the opponents were considered to be puppet states and not internationally recognized, the matches except for the Philippines match, were not recorded by FIFA.
After World War II, the Japan national football team were banned from attending any international football games from 1945 to 1951.
1940
1942
References
Japan national football team results
1940s in Japanese sport
The 1963–64 Southern Football League season was the 61st in the history of the league, an English football competition.
Yeovil Town won the championship, whilst Cheltenham Town, Folkestone Town, King's Lynn and Tonbridge were all promoted to the Premier Division. Seven Southern League clubs applied to join the Football League at the end of the season, but none were successful.
Premier Division
The Premier Division consisted of 22 clubs, including 18 clubs from the previous season and four new clubs, promoted from Division One:
Hastings United
Hinckley Athletic
Margate
Nuneaton Borough
Also, Bexleyheath & Welling changed name to Bexley United.
League table
Division One
Division One consisted of 22 clubs, including 16 clubs from the previous season and six new clubs:
Three clubs relegated from the Premier Division:
Clacton Town
Gravesend & Northfleet
Poole Town
Plus:
Crawley Town, joined from the Metropolitan League
Deal Town, joined from the Aetolian League
Stevenage Town, joined from the Delphian League
Also, Tunbridge Wells United changed name to Tunbridge Wells Rangers.
At the end of the season, Yiewsley changed name to Hillingdon Borough, while Clacton Town switched to the Eastern Football League.
League table
Football League elections
Alongside the four League clubs facing re-election, a total of 13 non-League clubs applied for election, including seven Southern League clubs. All four League clubs were re-elected.
References
RSSF – Southern Football League archive
Southern Football League seasons
S
"Some Say" is a song by Swedish singer Nea and was released as their debut single on 6 September 2019. Following the song's success in Europe in late 2019 and early 2020, the song was remixed by German DJ Felix Jaehn. The remix was released on 10 January 2020.
The song has since reached number one in Belgium (Wallonia), Slovakia and Poland, the top ten in Austria, Denmark, Hungary, the Netherlands, Norway, Romania and Switzerland, as well as the top 20 in Australia, Belgium (Flanders), France, Germany and Sweden. The song interpolates Eiffel 65's "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" (1998).
Lyrically, it sees Nea singing about an unrequited love and is inspired by events experienced by a friend of hers. Nea describes that "the song is about love that you can't attain but that you can't give up on". On Genius, they explained that the opening lyrics of the song describe the moment "when you love someone so completely and the other person doesn't feel the same thing, you just wanna put the blame on something else… The time, the timing, anything but unreturned love."
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Linnéa Södahl – vocals, songwriting, composer
Bryn Christopher – songwriting, composer
Vincent Kottkamp – production, composer, guitar, mixing engineering
Hitimpulse – production, mixing engineering
Alexsej Vlasenko – composer, synthesizer
Jonas Kalisch – composer, bass
Henrik Meinke – composer, drums
Jeremy Chacon – composer, keyboards
Lex Barkey – master engineering
Jeffrey Jey (Eiffel 65) – songwriter
Maurizio Lobina (Eiffel 65) – songwriter/producer
Gabry Ponte (Eiffel 65) – producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Singlechart usages for Denmark
2019 songs
2019 debut singles
Number-one singles in Poland
Ultratop 50 Singles (Wallonia) number-one singles
Sony Music singles
Songs written by Linnea Södahl
Songs written by Bryn Christopher
Brinkburn was a weather board and corrugated iron built railway station in Northumberland on the Rothbury Branch built to serve the Healy Coate Colliery which it was linked to by a two-mile aerial ropeway.
History
In 1859 Parliament authorised the Wansbeck Railway Company to build the line from to . In 1862 the line from to opened.
The next year the Northumberland Central Railway were authorised to construct a line from to Ford on the Berwick to Kelso line. They also were permitted to build a short branch line to Cornhill. Due to financial difficulties the line was to be built in stages starting with the section from to which was started in August 1869 and completed by November 1870. The North British Railway and the branch line became part of the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923. In September 1952 passenger services were withdrawn and the line closed in November 1963.
Constructed to serve a local colliery the station was poorly used, and was first downgraded to a halt, and then closed in 1963. All that survives of the station is the stationmaster's house.
References
External links
Brinkburn Station on Northumbrian Railways
Brinkburn Station on Disused Stations
Brinkburn Station on a navigable 1956 O. S. map
The line on RailScot
Disused railway stations in Northumberland
Former North British Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1904
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1963
1904 establishments in England
Against the Wind may refer to:
Against the Wind (album), a 1980 album by Bob Seger
"Against the Wind" (Bob Seger song)
"Against the Wind" (Bonnie Tyler song), 1991
"Against the Wind" (Máire Brennan song), 1991
Against the Wind (film), a 1948 Ealing Studios World War II film
Controvento, an Italian film from 2000 which is known as Against the Wind in English
Against the Wind (miniseries), a 1978 Australian television mini-series
Against the Wind (soundtrack), a soundtrack album from the series, by Jon English and Mario Millo
"Against the Wind", an episode of 2011 animated Italian-German TV series Mia and Me
See also
Into the Wind (disambiguation)
Manikyakottaram is a 1966 Indian Malayalam film, directed by U. Rajagopal and produced by H. H. Abdulla Settu. The film stars Madhu, Sharada, Kamalam and P. K. Sathyapal in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Madhu
Sharada
Kamalam
P. K. Sathyapal
Baby Padmini
Bahadoor
K. P. Ummer
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Philomina
Suprabha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Kaniyapuram Ramachandran.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
The Team technical routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 19 and 21 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 19 June at 10:00. The final was started on 21 June at 16:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Team technical routine
Alexander Leeper (3 June 1848 – 6 August 1934), was an Australian educator.
Alexander Leeper, the son of the Rev. Alexander Leeper, canon of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, was born on 3 June 1848. They were educated at Trinity College, Dublin, where they graduated B.A. in 1871 and M.A. in 1875, and St John's College, Oxford where they took a first-class BA in Literae Humaniores in 1874.
Leeper came to Victoria in 1875 as classical master for the Melbourne Church of England Grammar School but in the following year was made principal of Trinity College (University of Melbourne). The title of their office was afterwards changed to warden. They were not completely successful from the beginning, at one stage there was a revolt which ended in the expulsion of several students, but it became recognized that Leeper was devoted to the college, which they controlled with success for the remainder of their 42 years of office.
Leeper also took an important share in the management of the university as a member of the council from 1880 to 1887 and 1900 to 1923. They resigned their position as warden of Trinity in 1918, but continued to be a prominent figure in Melbourne for many years longer as a member of the council of education, as a lay canon of St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, and as a trustee of the public library, museums and National Gallery of Victoria of which they were president from 1920 to 1928. They were also a leading spirit in the Melbourne Shakespeare Society and the Classical Association. They were a great fighter on the North of Ireland side in all controversies relating to Irish questions. They died at Melbourne on 6 August 1934. An excellent portrait by John Longstaff is in the National Gallery of Victoria at Melbourne.
Beyond some lectures and pamphlets, their only publication was their translation of Thirteen Satires of Juvenal, originally prepared in conjunction with Herbert Augustus Strong in 1882, but afterwards revised and issued under their own name. Trinity College, Dublin, gave them the degree of LL.D. The first Latin play and the first Greek tragedy to be performed in Australia were produced under their direction at Trinity College, Melbourne. Five of their students became bishops in the Anglican Church: J. Stretch and George Merrick Long (Newcastle, Australia), R. Stephen (Hobart), T. H. Armstrong (Wangaratta) and W. C. Sadlier (Nelson, New Zealand).
Personal life
They were married twice, first to Adeline Marian, daughter of Sir George Wigram Allen and later to Mary Elizabeth, daughter of F. G. Moule, who survived them with three sons and four daughters. Two of the sons had distinguished careers: the elder, Alexander Wigram Allen Leeper (1887-1935), born at Melbourne and educated at Melbourne Grammar School, the University of Melbourne and at Oxford, eventually entered the British Foreign Office and rose to be the first secretary at H.M. legation at Vienna 1924-8, and counsellor 1933. They broke down under the strain of their work in 1934 and died in January 1935. They had nearly completed A History of Medieval Austria, which was published by the Oxford University Press in 1941. Their brother, Reginald Wildig Allen Leeper, born at Sydney in 1888 and educated at Melbourne Grammar School and the universities of Melbourne and Oxford, also entered the foreign office and diplomatic service. They were the first secretary at Warsaw, 1923-4; Riga, 1924; Constantinople, 1925; Warsaw, 1927-9; counsellor, 1933; C.M.G., 1936; assistant under-secretary, 1940; ambassador at the court of the King of the Hellenes, 1943; K.C.M.G. 1945; ambassador to the Argentine Republic, 1946.
Valentine Leeper, Leeper's eldest child by their second marriage, became a classicist, teacher, polemicist (like their father), and letter-writer of renown.
Footnotes
References
John Poynter, Doubts and Certainties: A life of Alexander Leeper, Melbourne University Press, 1997.
Trinity College Website
External links
1848 births
1934 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Alumni of St John's College, Oxford
Australian educators
The Dickinson Post Office in Dickinson, North Dakota, is a post office building that was built in 1916. It was expanded to the east in 1965–66. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 as U.S. Post Office-Dickinson.
It is built to be fireproof, with hollow tile walls which are faced in gray pressed Hebron brick, laid in American bond. Ohio sandstone is used for trim, and polished granite is used for the front steps and the grade course.
References
Government buildings completed in 1916
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
Renaissance Revival architecture in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Stark County, North Dakota
1916 establishments in North Dakota
Post Office
Morelet's seedeater (Sporophila morelleti) is a passerine bird in the typical seedeater genus Sporophila.
Taxonomy
This species was formerly considered conspecific with the cinnamon-rumped seedeater (Sporophila torqueola), with the combined species known as white-collared seedeater. However, with the discovery that cinnamon-rumped and Morelet's are deeply divergent from one another genetically, don't intergrade, and aren't even each other's closest relatives within the genus, they are now treated as separate species.
Distribution and habitat
It ranges from a small area along the Rio Grande near San Ignacio, Texas in the United States south through eastern Mexico and Central America to Panama. It mainly inhabits tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and shrublands but can also be found in pastures, arable land, and heavily degraded former forests.
Foraging
The Morelet's seedeater eats mainly seeds and insects, and occasionally berries. It often forages on herbaceous plants, and less often on the ground. In captivity, it drinks and bathes often, but in the wild no drinking was observed, even though more than 300 hours of field notes were taken.
References
Further reading
Book
Eitniear, J. C. 1997. White-collared Seedeater (Sporophila torqueola). In The Birds of North America, No. 278 (A. Poole and F. Gill, eds.). The Academy of Natural Sciences, Philadelphia, PA, and The American Ornithologists' Union, Washington, D.C.
Articles
Azpiroz AB. (2003). First records of the White-collared Seedeater (Sporophila zelichi) for Uruguay. Ornitologia Neotropical. vol 14, no 1. p. 117-119.
Bencke GA. (2004). The seedeater Sporophila zelichi observed in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Ararajuba. vol 12, no 2. p. 170-171.
Eitniear JC. (1997). White collared seedeater: Sporophila torqueola. Birds of North America. vol 0, no 278. p. 1-12.
Eitniear JC. (2004). Diet of the white-collared seedeater Sporophila torqueola (Passeriformes: Emberizidae) in Texas. Texas Journal of Science. vol 56, no 1. p. 77-81.
Woodin MC, Skoruppa MK, Blacklock GW & Hickman GC. (1999). Discovery of a second population of white-collared seedeaters, Sporophila torqueola (Passeriformes: Emberizidae) along the Rio Grande of Texas. Southwestern Naturalist. vol 44, no 4. p. 535-538.
Morelet's seedeater
Birds of El Salvador
Birds of Central America
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Panama
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Rio Grande valleys
Birds described in 1850
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Dorcadion nigrosparsum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1941, originally as a varietas of the species Dorcadion mucidum. It is known from Spain.
See also
Dorcadion
References
nigrosparsum
Beetles described in 1941
The scale-throated earthcreeper or scaly-throated earthcreeper (Upucerthia dumetaria) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Argentina, Chile and the Altiplano; it winters in the Pampas and east of Córdoba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. They build their nests at the end of tunnels measuring between one and two meters. These tunnels are almost exclusively based on slopes; however, rock crevices are occasionally used. It formerly included the Patagonian forest earthcreeper (U. saturatior) as a subspecies.
References
External links
Image at ADW
scale-throated earthcreeper
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Puna grassland
scale-throated earthcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Eyes of the Tailless Animals: Prison Memoirs of a North Korean Woman () is a 1999 book that recounts the experiences of former North Korean political prison survivor and refugee Lee Soon-ok. The title reflects the author's view that they and other prisoners were treated like animals.
Lee's story was published in South Korea in 1996 in the original Korean. Them story was subsequently translated into English and published in the United States in 1999. Lee has also testified about the North Korean human rights situation before the United States Congress, and advocated for the cause of Christians in North Korea.
See also
Human rights in North Korea
Kaechon concentration camp
Persecution of Christians in North Korea
Human experimentation in North Korea
References
Bibliography
Lee, Soon Ok. Eyes of the Tailless Animals: Prison Memoirs of a North Korean Woman. Living Sacrifice Book Co, 1999,
Made in North Korea. Harper's Magazine; Nov2002, Vol. 305 Issue 1830, p20, 3p
External links
Soon Ok Lee's testimony to the US Senate Judiciary Committee
"A survivor: Soon Ok Lee," MSNBC
1999 non-fiction books
Political books
Human rights abuses in North Korea
Political repression in North Korea
Books about North Korea
Michael Schmidt (born 26 October 1980 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian Ten-pin bowler, best known for their performances in the QubicaAMF World Cup.
In 2005 they won the 7th Bowling World Cup title for Canada defeating Or Aviram of Israel in the men's final of the 41st QubicaAMF World Cup to give Canada its seventh Bowling World Cup title and a tie with the Philippines for the second most wins. They finished third in the 2006 QubicaAMF World Cup at Caracas, Venezuela. In the 2007 QubicaAMF World Cup in St. Petersburg, Russia, they finished fourth. In the 2009 QubicaAMF World Cup in Melaka, Malaysia, they lost in the men's final to Choi Yong-Kyu. In 2010, they won the QubicaAMF World Cup again defeating England's Matt Miller. With this victory, Schmidt became one of three men to win the QubicaAMF World Cup at least twice. In the 2011 QubicaAMF World Cup in Johannesburg, South Africa, Schmidt finished in 13th place. In the 2012 QubicaAMF World Cup in Wroclaw, Poland, Schmidt finished 10th.
Schmidt has won the Bowling World Cup Canadian 10 pin National Championships eight times (2005-2007, 2009–2012, 2014). The winners of the Bowling World Cup Canadian 10 pin National Championships represents Canada in the QubicaAMF World Cup.
References
1980 births
Living people
Canadian ten-pin bowling players
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
The Calvin B. Taylor House is a historic U.S. home located at 208 Main Street, Berlin, Maryland. The house currently serves as The Calvin B. Taylor House Museum, which displays antiques and local memorabilia.
Footnotes
External links
The Calvin B. Taylor House Museum (official website)
Calvin B. Taylor House (Ocean City Vacation and Hotels Guide website)
Berlin, Maryland
Houses in Worcester County, Maryland
Museums in Worcester County, Maryland
Taylor
Denverton (formerly known as Nurse's Landing) is an unincorporated community in Solano County, California, United States. The community is on California State Route 12 east of Fairfield.
History
Denverton was named after James W. Denver in 1858, who served as California Secretary of State from 1853 to 1855 and as a member of congress for the district from 1855 to 1857. Its former name of Nurse's Landing was named after Dr. Stephen K. Nurse.
The Denverton Post Office was established per the workings of Mr. S.K. Nurse in 1858, and Nurse was then appointed as its postmaster.
In 1912, Denverton was referred to as a township in a history book written at that time.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Solano County, California
Vladimir Savićević (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Савићевић; born 12 May 1986) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a striker.
References
External links
Vladimir Savićević stats at utakmica.rs
Serbian footballers
Serbian SuperLiga players
Association football forwards
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kraljevo
FK Mladost Lučani players
FK Srem players
FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac players
FK Kolubara players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriates in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
The Texas Medical Association (TMA) is a professional nonprofit organization representing over 55,000 physicians, residents, medical student and alliance members. It is located in Austin, has 110 component county medical societies around the state, and is the largest state medical society in the United States.
History
The Texas Medical Association was established by 35 physicians in 1853 to provide medical and public health education for Texas physicians and their patients as well as legislative and regulatory advocacy and health policy research. The first president of TMA was Joseph Taylor and the current president is Linda Villarreal, MD.
1853 – TMA founded in Austin with 35 members.
1893 – Women physicians join TMA as members.
1918 – Woman's Auxiliary to TMA established. This organization was renamed the Texas Medical Association Alliance (TMAA) in 1992. TMAA is a volunteer organization made up of physicians and physicians' spouses involved in health-related community service, legislation and political action.
1922 – TMA library established.
1957 – TMA Anson Jones, MD, Awards created to recognize excellence in health care/medical news reporting in Texas.
1960 – TMA elects its first female president, May Owen, MD.
1962 – TEXPAC, the political arm of TMA, established. TEXPAC is a bi-partisan political action committee providing financial support to candidates for both state and federal offices.
1966 – TMA creates the Texas Medical Association Foundation, a 501(c)3 organization that funds the public health and science initiatives of TMA physicians.
1972 – Osteopathic physicians join TMA.
1973 – TMA incorporates medical students as members.
1991 – TMA establishes TMA's Hassle Factor Log that allows physicians to document payment hassles from insurance companies.
1994 – Hard Hats for Little Heads launched to reduce bicycle-related head injuries.
2000 – Border Health Caucus created to raise awareness of health care disparities existing along the U.S–Mexico border and their impact on border patients and their physicians.
2003 – TMA helps pass Texas' 2003 Tort Reform Act, which placed a cap of $250,000 for noneconomic damages on medical liability litigation, and supports Proposition 12, a constitutional amendment ensuring the cap could not be challenged in court. This cap can reach $750,000 if the liability for up to two hospitals involved in the care of the same patient is included.
2004 – Be Wise—Immunize program created to increase Texas' childhood immunization rate.
2013 – Joined the Choosing Wisely campaign.
2019 - TMA reaches over 53,000 members across the state.
2021 - TMA reaches over 55,000 members across the state.
Political positions
The association opposes legislation expanding scope of practice for non-physicians. In March 2021, the group supported the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons and Physicians for Patient Protection in their opposition to Texas House Bill 2029, which was written to address the medical workforce shortage and improve public access to healthcare.
History of Medicine Gallery
In 1991, TMA opened the History of Medicine Gallery on the ground floor of the TMA building. Items from the TMA archives and Collections are displayed in changing exhibits.
Publications
The Texas Medical Association owns and publishes Texas Medicine, a monthly news magazine for TMA members that presents information on public health, medicolegal issues, medical economics, science, medical education, and legislative affairs affecting Texas physicians and their patients. TMA also publishes Action, a monthly e-newsletter that reports the latest information in the medical community.
References
External links
Medical associations based in the United States
American Medical Association
Organizations based in Austin, Texas
1853 establishments in Texas
Organizations established in 1853
Vladimir Nikolayevich Baksheyev (; born 22 April 1970) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1988 for FC Avtomobilist Krasnoyarsk. They played 2 games in the European Cup Winners' Cup 1992–93 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 1992.
References
1970 births
Sportspeople from Krasnoyarsk
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
FC Tobol players
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
FC Nosta Novotroitsk players
The Statistical Modelling Society (SMS) is an international society of statisticians, which, according to its statutes, will promote statistical modelling as the general framework for the application of statistical ideas; promote important developments, extensions, and applications in statistical modelling; and bring together statisticians working on statistical modelling from various disciplines. The principal activity of the society are the workshops, which are held annually under the name `International Workshop on Statistical Modelling' at varying locations. The society has approximately 160 active members. The society publishes its own journal, Statistical Modelling.
The society holds bi-annual elections to elect an Executive Committee.
History
The Statistical Modelling Society was founded in June 2003. It was preceded by its journal (which was launched in 2001) and the workshops, which were first held in 1986. The origins of the
society lie in Austria, the UK and Italy, where the first workshops were held. These early meetings had their main focus on developments in generalized linear models and particularly the software GLIM.
References
External links
Statistical models
Russkiye Mountains () is a widely scattered group of mountains and nunataks between the Hoel Mountains and Sor Rondane Mountains in Queen Maud Land. The group was mapped from air photos taken by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition December 1958-Jan. 1959. The group was observed the same season by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, apparently after the landing at Lazarev Station in March 1959, and named Gory Russkiye (Russian Mountains).
Mountain ranges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Touch My Katamari, known in Japan as , is a video game in the Katamari series. It was developed by Namco Bandai Games for the PlayStation Vita and was released as a launch game in Japan on December 17, 2011 and in Europe and North America on February 22, 2012.
Gameplay
The game carries on the gameplay of previous Katamari games in which players must roll a sticky ball, known as a Katamari, over hundreds of objects, allowing it to grow in size and reach a desired size within a time limit. However, this iteration adds new gameplay mechanics that makes use of the PlayStation Vita's features. Along with the analogue controls, players can move their fingers across the touch screen in order to move their Katamari in the desired direction. By moving fingers along the back touch panel, players can squash and stretch their Katamari, stretching it lengthwise in order to roll over more objects or squashing it upwards to fit into tighter areas.
Plot
One day, a boy asks their Dad "Who is more awesome, the King of All Cosmos or theirs principal?". When the dad is trying to make up their mind, the mom says they are both equally awesome. The king overhears the conversation. Distraught by this, they become an utter train-wreck. Somewhere else, a slacker named Goro, who puts off studying for video games, television and the Internet, sees news broadcast telling of the King's apparent depression. Goro believes that this is their moment to start their life anew, so they start to make a new lifestyle for himself.
Reception
Touch My Katamari was met with mixed reviews upon release, as GameRankings gave it a score of 70.12%, while Metacritic gave it 69 out of 100.
Media Create reports did not have the game in the top 50 selling games in the week after its debut. On PlayStation LifeStyle, Heath Hindman's review claimed the game was better for series newcomers than veterans, because longtime fans were likely to find the recycled stages somewhat stale. In a hands-on preview, 1UP.com's Jeremy Parish had similar comments, saying that the series now "continues to miss the point".
References
2011 video games
Katamari
PlayStation Vita games
PlayStation Vita-only games
Namco games
Puzzle video games
Video games developed in Japan
Holland College is the provincial community college for the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island (PEI). It is named after British Army engineer and surveyor, Captain Samuel Holland.
History
It was formed by the Government of Prince Edward Island in 1969 as a result of an education reform policy undertaken as part of the Prince Edward Island Comprehensive Development Plan, which saw the closure of the province's two post-secondary institutions structured along religious lines ― St. Dunstan's University and Prince of Wales College ― and the creation of the non-denominational University of Prince Edward Island (UPEI) and Holland College.
Campuses and centres
West Prince Campus, Alberton
Atlantic Police Academy, Slemon Park, Summerside
Prince of Wales Campus, Charlottetown
Belmont Centre, Charlottetown
Tourism and Culinary Centre, Charlottetown (Home of The Culinary Institute of Canada and Canada's Smartest Kitchen)
Georgetown Centre, Georgetown
Marine Training Centre, Summerside
Summerside Waterfront Campus, Summerside
Programs
Holland College offers more than 60 one-year certificates and two year diploma programs.
Scholarships
The college offers almost $500,000 in scholarships and bursaries for eligible students. In 2010, the college joined Project Hero, a scholarship program cofounded by General (Ret'd) Rick Hillier for the families of fallen Canadian Forces members.
See also
Higher education in Prince Edward Island
References
External links
Official website
Colleges in Prince Edward Island
Education in Charlottetown
Education in Prince County, Prince Edward Island
Education in Kings County, Prince Edward Island
Cooking schools in North America
Hospitality schools
Costuleni is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Costuleni, Covasna, Cozia and Hilița.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Sappho Özge Çoban (born 7 September 1994) is a German retired judoka of Turkish descent who competed at international judo competitions.  They are a World Junior champion and a three-time European U23 champion, they also competed at the 2019 European Games. Them sister Xenia Çoban is also a judoka, they both lived and trained together in Stuttgart, Sappho works as a police chief in the German city.
Çoban became the first female athlete to be awarded Germany's Junior Athlete of the Year award in 2014 following their 2013 World title.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Karlsruhe
German female judoka
Judoka at the 2019 European Games
German police officers
German people of Turkish descent
Anas Tahiri (; born 15 May 1995) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dutch Eredivisie club SC Heerenveen. Born in Belgium, they represented Morocco at youth international level.
Club career
Tahiri registered their Belgian Pro League debut for Lierse on 16 March 2014, aged 18, by replacing Ahmed El Messaoudi in the 87th minute of a 2–1 home defeat to Lokeren. They played 63 games and scored five times during their stint at the Lier-based club, before moving to the Netherlands with RKC Waalwijk in the summer of 2018.
Tahiri contributed with 39 appearances and two goals in the 2018–19 season, as RKC Waalwijk achieved promotion to the Eredivise; They made their debut in the latter competition on 3 August 2019, in a 3–1 away loss to VVV-Venlo, and netted their first goal two weeks later in a 3–3 draw with Twente.
On 10 June 2021, they changed countries again after agreeing to a contract with CFR Cluj in Romania.
On 7 January 2022, Tahiri returned to the Netherlands and signed a 2.5-year contract with SC Heerenveen.
International career
Tahiri earned their first cap for the Morocco national under-23 team in a friendly 1–0 win against Cameroon, on 5 June 2016.
Honours
CFR Cluj
Liga I: 2021–22
Supercupa României runner-up: 2021
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Brussels
Belgian sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Belgian footballers
Moroccan footballers
Association football midfielders
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Liga I players
Lierse S.K. players
RKC Waalwijk players
CFR Cluj players
SC Heerenveen players
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Belgian expatriate footballers
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Bavelincourt (; ) is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geography
Bavelincourt is situated on the D119 road, northeast of Amiens.
Population
See also
Communes of the Somme department
References
External links
(All French language)
Bavelincourt sur le site de
Communes of Somme (department)
Baeguisa (, ) was a far-right, anti-communist, and fascist organization formed among young North Korean defectors in South Korea in 1945.
History
A group that was a precursor to the Baeguisa was the Daedongdan, who is famous for the 1945 assassination of Hyun jun hyuk, who was the head of committee for South Pyongan Province of the Communist Party of Korea. Yeom Dong-jin (then as Yeom Eung-Taik) and Baik kwan ok were members of this group and had to defect to South Korea because of the assassination attempt.
The group Baeguisa was formed in November 1945 in Seoul and publicly conducted terrorist activities against communism. The name of the group was inspired from the Blue Shirts Society, a secret ultranationalist fascist faction in the Kuomintang in China. During the Korean War most of the group was absorbed into the Korea Liaison Office (KLO). The group used the name white shirt to represent the Korean tradition of wearing white clothes.
Notable activities
Espionage activities
The group trained a lot of spies to send to North Korea and participated in movements against land reforms, anti trusteeship activism, and collection of major figures in North Korea.
Assassination attempts
The group's activities were revealed through the report by United States Major George E.Cilley who worked for the Counterintelligence Corps (CIC). The report was written right after the assassination of South Korean politician Kim Gu and the report was open to the world in 2002.
North Korea
The group worked with Sin Ik-hui in attempted assassinations of Kim Il-sung on 1 March 1946, Choe Yong-gon on 5 March, Kim Chaek on 9 March 1946, and Kang Ryang-uk on 12 March 1946.
South Korea
The group famously assassinated Lyuh Woon-hyung in 1947.
American funding
The group was funded by the American Counterintelligence Corps (CIC).
References
Fascism in Asia
Far-right politics in South Korea
Terrorism in South Korea
1940s in Korea
Spit Point () is the east tip of the long Elephant Spit, a conspicuous spit at the eastern end of Heard Island. The feature was charted by early American sealers at Heard Island in the years following initiation of sealing operations there in 1855. The descriptive name was apparently given some years later and is now established in usage.
Headlands of Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Ikarbus IK-206 is an articulated city bus built by the Serbian bus manufacturer Ikarbus from 2006.
The model IK-206 was developed from previous Ikarbus city articulated models, Ikarbus IK-201 and its variants, IK-202 and IK-203. The production has started in 2006 and same year the production of older IK-201, IK-202, and IK-203 models has been ceased. The main difference between those three models and new IK-206 is that IK-201, IK-202 and IK-203 had horizontal engine mounted under the floor between the front and middle A- and B-axles, and only the B-axle is powered, while IK-206 has rear-mounted vertical MAN engine. IK-206 is visually similar to older IK-201, IK-203 and IK-203, due it has modernized and more comfortable interior design, modern windows and front bezel headlights.
It has 44 passenger seats made plastic on foundation of steel bars and bars for holding. Doors are four two-wing, pneumatically controlled and opened to the inside. There are seven windows with slide rule and four roof airshafts. The heating system consists from heater on front wall, three heaters in passengers compartment and big aircondition on roof. Roof and sides are isolated.
The IK-206 is today used mainly by Lasta Beograd, Lastra Lazarevac and Sarajevo public transport (GRAS). It was not introduced in service with GSP Beograd, due to the decision of the city to buy only low-flor new buses.
Technical data
Maximum speed - 72 km/h
Number of passengers - 160
Weight of empty vehicle - 14100 kg
Battery - 2 x 12V / 180 Ah
Tank volume - 300 l
Suspension - Air with telescopic shock-absorbers and torsion stabilizer
Steering-wheel - PPT (ZF) / 8045
Dimension
Length - 17.99 m
Width - 2.5 m
Height - 3.3 m
Height inside - 2.26 m
Height of floor from the ground - 0.75 m
Height of the lowest stair from the ground - 0.345 m
Distance between front axles - 5.65 m
Distance between rear axles - 6.045 m
Front end to the front wheels - 2.82 m
Rear end to the rear wheels - 3.482 m
Engines
Installed in rear part vertical
MAN D2066 LUH 11 (E4)
Transmission
Voith 864.5 automatic
See also
List of buses
References
External links
IK-206 (Serbian)
Ikarbus buses
Vehicles introduced in 2006
Kieron Elliott is a Scottish actor. Works include voicing Hoark the Haggard in the Dreamworks' animated blockbusters How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2 , an appearance in the eighth episode of The Deadliest Warrior and as a host of the show's "Aftermath", a recurring role on the BBC drama River City, serving as a BBC Three continuity announcer, as co-host of the UK karaoke style panel game show Night Fever, helping launch the UK's first Classic Rock station on FM in 2007 96.3 Rock Radio and hosting the breakfast show for a year, as a presenter on the Real Radio radio station. They work regularly with Blizzard Entertainment voicing King Magni Bronzebeard in World of Warcraft and Hearthstone and also as the voice of Sully 'The Pickle' McLeary in World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria
References
External links
Official website
Podcast from Spike TV
Living people
Scottish male film actors
Scottish male stage actors
Scottish male television actors
Scottish male voice actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Scottish male actors
21st-century Scottish male actors
The Super SmartJoy is a device that allows Super NES controllers to be used with a computer. The device was announced on April 20, 2004. This device has a USB port for connecting to both Windows PCs and Macs. SmartJoy is the manufacturer of this peripheral.
Multiple devices can be used on one computer for multiplayer gaming.
References
External links
SmartJoy company website
Super RetroPort (Competing product)
Unlicensed Nintendo hardware
Super Nintendo Entertainment System accessories
In law, oblation is the voluntary transfer of a legal obligation or a title to a property. In medieval times in the Holy Roman Empire, an oblatio feudi or Lehnsauftragung meant a transfer of property, freely held by its owner, such as a castle or lordship, to another lord, in order to receive it back from that lord as a fief. In doing so, the liege lord acquired the full right of ownership.
A similar term was the oblatio litis, whereby someone took over a legal dispute as the defendant, without being the actual defendant.
External links
Meyers Großes Konversations-Lexikon, Vol. 14. Leipzig, 1908, p. 877
English legal terminology
Fritz von Uhde (born Friedrich Hermann Carl Uhde; 22 May 1848 – 25 February 1911) was a German painter of genre and religious subjects. Their style lay in-between Realism and Impressionism, they were once known as "Germany's outstanding impressionist" and they became one of the first painters to introduce plein-air painting in their country.
Biography
Uhde was born in Wolkenburg, Saxony. Their family, moderately wealthy civil servants, had artistic interests. Their father was actually a part-time painter and their maternal grandfather was director of the Royal Museums in Dresden. Uhde found art appealing while studying at the Gymnasium at this city, and in 1866 they were admitted to the Academy of Fine Arts in Dresden. Totally at variance with the spirit prevailing there, later that year they left their studies to join the army. They became horsemanship instructor to the regiment of the assembled guard, and was promoted to Lieutenant in 1868.
After meeting the painter Makart in Vienna in 1876, Uhde left the army in 1877 with the intention to become an artist. They moved to Munich in that year to attend the Academy of Fine Arts. There, they particularly came to admire the Dutch old masters, especially Rembrandt. They also taught Lilla Cabot Perry, influencing their use of color.
Unsuccessful in their attempts to gain admittance to the studios of Piloty, Lindenschmit, or Diez, in 1879 they traveled to Paris where their studies of the Dutch painters continued under Mihály Munkácsy's supervision. They worked for a short time in that master's studio, but principally studied from nature and their old Netherland models. As a late starter in their art studies, they were determined to succeed quickly. The final work they painted at Munkácsy's school, The Singer, was exhibited in the Paris Salon of 1880, where it was awarded an honorable mention.
In 1882 a journey to the Netherlands brought about a change in their style, as they abandoned the dark chiaroscuro they had learned in Munich in favor of a colorism informed by the works of the French Impressionists. Encouraged by their contemporary Max Liebermann, whose portrait they painted, Uhde painted Fishermen's Children in Zandvoort (1882) as an experiment in plein-air painting, but chose to exhibit a more conventional version of the composition, the Arrival of the Organ-Grinder (1883; Kunsthalle Hamburg). This conflict between innovation and caution characterized the greater part of their career.
In about 1890, Uhde became a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich. They are, with Max Slevogt, Ludwig Dill and Lovis Corinth, one of the founding members of the Verein Bildender Künstler (Society of Fine Artists), better known as the Munich Secession. They later joined the Berlin Secession as well.
Uhde became an honorary member of the academies of Munich, Dresden and Berlin. They became the first President of the Secession, and progressing in their naturalistic conception, they came to develop their own "unacademic" syle. They gave rise to a complete change in German art, and counted among their followers most of the younger generation. Adolf Hölzel was influenced by them in their early work.
They became less active in the art world after 1900, but continued to paint until their last days. This was the time when, in the opinion of Charles & Carl, they created "the most vivid and artistic paintings of their career", so that they can be considered "one of the most important artists of the 20th century". They died in Munich in 1911.
Work
Their early work consisted of landscapes and battle pieces, but Uhde's inclination was later almost solely directed towards genre art and religious subjects. Their father had been the President of the Lutheran Church Council in Wolkenburg, Saxony, and Uhde shared their father's Christian commitment.
Although the social realism of Uhde's work was often criticized as vulgar or ugly, their paintings also attracted the admiration of others. Their work was well known to the French public. Vincent van Gogh mentioned Uhde in personal correspondence. The critic Otto Julius Bierbaum, who prepared a biographical writing of him, said "as a painter of children ... Uhde is extraordinarily distinguished. They do not depict them ... as amusing or charming dolls, but with extreme, very strict naturalness." Revivalist of the practice of treating Biblical episodes realistically by transferring them to modern days, Uhde's work was also appreciated by others who praised their symbolic message and sense of evangelical morality.
In their work, Uhde often depicted the ordinary lives of families of peasants, fishermen, and seamstresses; children and youngsters, as well as young and old women. They chose both indoor and outdoor settings, with detailed and ordinary surroundings, and often natural colorful landscapes. In addition, they frequently depicted Jesus Christ as visiting common people, poor people and working class or proletarian families in settings of their country. Like Adolf Hölzel and Ludwig Dill, they painted rural life and their work has been described as "rustic naturalism".
One of their well-known paintings was Come, Lord Jesus, be our Guest (Komm, Herr Jesus, sei unser Gast), of the Berlin National Gallery, where Christ appears among the peasant family assembled for their meal in a modern German farmhouse "parlor". This work was especially criticized by some Catholics who saw it as a "desecration" of Christ, whereas R. A. Cram wrote that by painting "Christ among the common people here and now" Uhde had "built up a most significant art." The religious content has been seen as "a vehicle for their quest to endow their work with deeper meaning". According to the art historian Bettina Brand, Uhde's work was controversial partly because "setting episodes from the Gospels in the context of contemporary poverty ... suggested that the Christian demand of equality for all men had not been met politically or socially." Besides this, their religious paintings "seemed to document the cultural and ethical progressivenes of Protestantism against the clericalism of the Catholic Church."
Style
In general, Uhde was an unconventional naturalist, as they said: "many of the French artists wished to find the light in Nature. I wished to find the light within the figure that I was presenting. In Christ I grasped the embodiment of the outward and the inward light." Like Dostoyevsky, Uhde's concept of beauty and standard of perfection was the figure of Christ, a reason why they considered themselves the "first Idealist of Naturalism."
In The Sermon on the Mount (Hungarian National Gallery), Christ addresses a crowd of 19th-century harvesters, whereas in Christus Predigt am see (Sermon at the Sea), Christ preaches to a group of modern youngsters. Similar in conception are Suffer Little Children to come unto Me (1884; Leipzig Museum), The Last Supper, The Journey to Bethlehem (Munich Pinakothek), and The Miraculous Draught of Fishes. Other works of their in public collections are: Christ Among the Peasants (the Musée d'Orsay, Paris); Christ at Emmaus & Road to Emmaus (the Staedel Institute, Frankfort); The Farewell of Tobias (the Liechtenstein Gallery, Vienna), Noli me tangere (1894; New Pinakothek, Munich), The Wise Men from the East (1896; Magdeburg Museum), and Woman, Why Weepest Thou? (1900; Vienna Museum).
After their wife's death in 1886, Uhde was very involved in the lives of their three daughters, whom they painted in numerous works such as Nursery (1889; Kunsthalle, Hamburg) and In the Bower (1896; Kunstmuseum, Düsseldorf). Works they painted during summers spent at Dachau and Starnberg in the 1890s show an increasingly Impressionistic rendering of sunlight, which is also evident in paintings Uhde made after the late 1890s of their daughters in the garden.
In their later years, they made paintings of a woman with wings of angels, and they reproduced some biblical scenes like Abraham's Trial (1897), The Last Supper (1897, Stuttgart Museum – which includes a portrait of the unworldly composer Anton Bruckner as one of the disciples),The Ascension of Christ (1898, New Pinakothek, Munich), Nicodemus and Christ, Die Bergpredigt, The Sermon (Die Predigt Christi, 1903), Tobias and the Angel, The Holy Night (1911, Dresden Gallery), and Christ Healing a Sick Child (1911).
Gallery
Notes
References
Brand, Bettina. "Uhde, Fritz von". Grove Art Online. Oxford Art Online. Oxford University Press. Web.
Forster-Hahn, Françoise, et al. (2001). Spirit of an Age: Nineteenth-Century Paintings From the Nationalgalerie, Berlin. London: National Gallery Company.
Fraser, W. Lewis. (1897). A Religious Painter, Fritz Von Uhde.
Jongeneel, Jan A. B. (2009). Jesus Christ in World History: Their Presence and Representation in Cyclical and Linear Settings. Peter Lang.
Uhr, Horst (1990). Lovis Corinth. University of California Press.
West, Shearer (2000). The Visual Arts in Germany 1890–1937: Utopia and Despair. Manchester University Press, , 9780719052798
Further reading
Ostini, Fritz, Freiherr von (1902), Uhde.. Bielefeld : Velhagen & Klasing.
Rosenhagen, Hans (1908).Uhde: des Meisters Gemälde in 285 Abbildungen. Stuttgart. Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt.
Stickley, Gustav (1911). The Craftsman, Volume 20. United Crafts, p. 631
Vogel, Gerd-Helge (2013). Fritz von Uhde, 1848–1911: Beiträge des 1. Internationalen Wolkenburger Symposiums zur Kunst vom 20. bis 22. Mai 2011 auf Schloss Wolkenburg- 2013. Lukas Verlag.
External links
1848 births
1911 deaths
19th-century Christians
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
German Protestants
Howard G. Cunningham (born May 26, 1949) is an American computer programmer who developed the first wiki and was a co-author of the Manifesto for Agile Software Development. A pioneer in both design patterns and extreme programming, they started coding the WikiWikiWeb in 1994, and installed it on c2.com (the website of their software consultancy) on March 25, 1995, as an add-on to the Portland Pattern Repository. They co-authored (with Bo Leuf) a book about wikis, entitled The Wiki Way, and invented the Framework for Integrated Tests.
Cunningham was a keynote speaker at the first three instances of the WikiSym conference series on wiki research and practice, and also at the Wikimedia Developer Summit 2017.
Early life and employment
Howard G. Cunningham was born in Michigan City, Indiana, on May 26, 1949. They grew up in Highland, Indiana, staying there through high school. They received their bachelor's degree in interdisciplinary engineering (electrical engineering and computer science) and their master's degree in computer science from Purdue University, graduating in 1978.  They are a co-founder of Cunningham & Cunningham, a software consultancy they started with their wife. They have also served as Director of R&D at Wyatt Software and as Principal Engineer in the Tektronix Computer Research Laboratory.  They are founder of The Hillside Group and has served as program chair of the Pattern Languages of Programming conference which it sponsors. Cunningham was part of the Smalltalk community.
From December 2003 until October 2005, Cunningham worked for Microsoft in the "Patterns & Practices" group. From October 2005 to May 2007, they held the position of Director of Committer Community Development at the Eclipse Foundation. In May 2009, they joined AboutUs as its chief technology officer. On March 24, 2011 The Oregonian reported that Cunningham had departed AboutUs to join the Venice Beach-based CitizenGlobal, a startup working on crowd-sourced video content, as their chief technology officer and the Co-Creation Czar. They remain "an adviser" with AboutUs. Cunningham left CitizenGlobal and is now a programmer at New Relic.
Ideas and inventions
Cunningham is well known for a few widely disseminated ideas which they originated and developed. The most famous among these are the wiki and many ideas in the field of software design patterns, made popular by the Gang of Four (GoF). They own the company Cunningham & Cunningham Inc., a consultancy that has specialized in object-oriented programming. They also created the site (and software) WikiWikiWeb, the first internet wiki in 1995.
When asked in a 2006 interview with internetnews.com whether they considered patenting the wiki concept, they explained that they thought the idea "just sounded like something that no one would want to pay money for."
Cunningham is interested in tracking the number and location of wiki page edits as a sociological experiment and may even consider the degradation of a wiki page as part of its process to stability. "There are those who give and those who take. You can tell by reading what they write."
In 2011, Cunningham created Smallest Federated Wiki, a tool for wiki federation, which applies aspects of software development such as forking to wiki pages. They signed the Manifesto for Agile Software Development
Cunningham has contributed to the practice of object-oriented programming, in particular the use of pattern languages and (with Kent Beck) the class-responsibility-collaboration cards. They also contribute to the extreme programming software development methodology. Much of this work was done collaboratively on the first wiki site.
"Cunningham's Law"
Cunningham is credited with the idea: "The best way to get the right answer on the Internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer." This refers to the observation that people are quicker to correct a wrong answer than to answer a question. According to Steven McGeady, Cunningham advised them of this on a whim in the early 1980s, and McGeady dubbed this Cunningham's Law. Although originally referring to interactions on Usenet, the law has been used to describe how other online communities work, such as Wikipedia. Cunningham themselves denies ownership of the law, calling it a "misquote that disproves itself by propagating through the internet."
Personal life
Cunningham lives in Beaverton, Oregon. They hold an Amateur Radio Extra Class license issued by the Federal Communications Commission, and their call sign is Kilo Nine Oscar X-ray, K9OX.
Cunningham is Nike's first "Code for a Better World" Fellow.
Publications
See also
Christopher Alexander – Cunningham cites Alexander's work as directly influencing their own.
Framework for integrated test
PatternShare
Software design pattern
References
External links
WikiWikiWeb, including their WikiHomePage
2012 Dr. Dobb's Interview
EclipseCon 2006 interview with Ward Cunningham (MP3 audio podcast, running time 20:01)
The Microsoft patterns & practices group home page
The Simplest Thing That Could Possibly Work (2004 interview)
"The Web's wizard of working together" – profile originally in The Oregonian, December 19, 2005
You can look it up: The Wikipedia story – excerpt from the 2014 book The Innovators
1949 births
Living people
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Amateur radio people
American computer programmers
American technology writers
Extreme programming
People from Beaverton, Oregon
Writers from Portland, Oregon
Purdue University College of Engineering alumni
Technology evangelists
Tektronix people
Wikimedia Foundation Advisory Board members
People from Highland, Lake County, Indiana
Microsoft employees
Articles containing video clips
Agile software development
Software design patterns
The 12887 / 88 Howrah–Puri Express is a Superfast Express train belonging to Indian Railways – South Eastern Railway zone that runs between and in India.
It operates as train number 12887 from Howrah Junction to Puri and as train number 12888 in the reverse direction, serving the states of West Bengal and Odisha.
Coaches
The 12887 / 88 Howrah–Puri Express has 1 AC 2 tier, 4 AC 3 tier, 12 Sleeper class, 2 General Unreserved & 2 SLR (Seating cum Luggage Rake) coaches. It does not carry a pantry car .
As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
Service
The 12887 Howrah–Puri Express covers the distance of in 8 hours 50 mins (56.83 km/hr) & in 9 hours 00 mins as 12888 Puri–Howrah Express (55.78 km/hr) .
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules, its fare includes a Superfast surcharge.
Routeing
The 12887 / 88 Howrah–Puri Express runs from Howrah Junction via , , , to Puri .
Traction
As the route is fully electrified, a -based WAP-4 powers the train for its entire journey.
Operation
12888 Puri–Howrah Express runs from Puri every Sunday, reaching Howrah Junction the next day .
12887 Howrah–Puri Express runs from Howrah Junction every Monday, reaching Puri the next day .
References
http://www.holidayiq.com/railways/howrah-puri-express-12887-train.html
http://www.ser.indianrailways.gov.in/view_detail.jsp?lang=0&dcd=409&id=0,4,423
http://news.webindia123.com/news/articles/India/20130410/2186643.html
External links
Rail transport in Howrah
Transport in Puri
Express trains in India
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Odisha
Pavangal Pennungal is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Adoor Bhasi, K. P. Ummer and N. Govindankutty. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan. This was Prem Nazir's 300th film and was an average hit.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Vijayasree
Ushakumari
Adoor Bhasi
K. P. Ummer
N. Govindankutty
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Krisnapur is a Bangladeshi village situated in Chakaria Upazila. According to the 2011 Bangladesh census, Krisnapur had 273 households and a population of 1,139.
Education
Krisnapur Govt. Primary School
References
Populated places in Bangladesh
Chakaria Upazila
Villages in Bangladesh by district
Asia Network Television (), often called Asia TV, is an Iraqi satellite television channel based in Baghdad, Iraq that was launched in 2012. The Executive director is Thaeer Jead Alhasnawi () since June, 2020
Programs
Asia Network Television broadcasts many programs, most notably:
Talaba
Stadium
Almnawora
Swalef
Besaraha
See also
Television in Iraq
References
External links
Asia Network Television Official website
Television stations in Iraq
Arab mass media
Arabic-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2012
Arab Spring and the media
Ángel Valbuena Prat (16 May 1900 – 2 January 1977) was a Spanish philologist and historian.
Biography
Born in Barcelona, they studied at the University of Barcelona, and later became an assistant professor at the Central University of Madrid. Their doctoral thesis, Los Autos Sacramentales de Calderón, earned them various awards. After a tour of various university centers (La Laguna, Puerto Rico, Barcelona, Cambridge), finally, perhaps as a punishment for their political attitudes of Catalan regionalist nature, they were transferred to the University of Murcia, where they remained for more than twenty five years.
Their fundamental work is their History of Spanish Literature (Historia de la literatura española), published for the first time in 1937. Many critics pointed out the work's novelty, and the work was reissued up to eight times, the last one of which in 1968, with each edition being re-edited. Thus, this work made Valbuena Prat one of the most prestigious literary historians of the postwar period. Valbuena Prat went one to become one of the greatest Spanish historians of theater.
In addition to this work, Valbuena Prat published numerous studies on Spanish literature throughout their career, among which Algunos aspectos de la moderna poesía canaria (1926), Calderón: su personalidad, su arte dramático, su estilo y sus obras (1941), Historia del teatro español (1956) and Estudios de literatura religiosa española: época medieval y edad de oro (1963), as well as multiple editions of autos sacramentales and comedies of Pedro Calderón de la Barca, who had been the subject of their doctoral thesis.
They also wrote novels, Teófilo (1926) and 2+4 (1927), and poetry books such as Dios sobre la muerte (1939).
Major works
Literary Studies
"The Mystery Plays of Calderón", PhD
"History of Spanish Literature", 1937-1968
"Some Aspects of Modern Canary Poetry", 1926
"Calderon: Their Personality, Their Drama, Their Style and Their Works", 1941
"History of Spanish Theater", 1956
"Studies of Spanish Religious Literature: Medieval and Golden Age", 1963
Novels
Teófilo, 1926
2+4, 1927
Poetry
Dios sobre la muerte, 1939
References
Writers from Catalonia
1900 births
1977 deaths
University of Barcelona faculty
20th-century Spanish historians
William James Jackson (27 January 1876 – 25 March 1954) was a Welsh footballer. Their regular position was as an inside forward. They were born in Flint, Flintshire. They played for Flint, Rhyl, St Helens Recs, Newton Heath, Barrow, Burnley, Wigan County and Chester, where they made their début in an 8–0 win over Rhyl in October 1905. They won one cap for the Welsh national team in March 1899.
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1876 births
1954 deaths
Association football forwards
Barrow A.F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
Flint Town United F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
People from Flintshire
Rhyl F.C. players
St Helens Recreation RLFC players
English Football League players
Wales international footballers
Welsh footballers
Wigan County F.C. players
The Mayor of Lucknow is the head of Lucknow Municipal Corporation. The mayor is the first citizen of the city. The Mayor plays a decorative role of representing and upholding the dignity of the city and a functional role in deliberating over the discussions in the corporation. The role of the mayor is largely ceremonial.
The city is divided into 110 wards, each of them headed by a corporator who work under the mayor. In addition to the 110 councilors, there are Deputy Commissioners and Heads of various departments and Zonal officers.
Sanyukta Bhatia is the current mayor of Lucknow, who was elected in 2017 Lucknow Municipal Corporation election and became the first Women mayor of the city.
Election of the Mayor
The mayor is elected from within the ranks of the council in a quinquennial election. The elections are conducted in all 227 wards in the city to elect corporators. The party that wins the maximum number of seats holds an internal voting to decide the mayor.
The tenure of the mayor is of 5 years or till dissolution of municipal corporation, either by themselves or by state law.
List of Mayors of LMC
Source:
See also
Sanyukta Bhatia
Lucknow Municipal Corporation
2017 Lucknow Municipal Corporation election
Mayors of Indian cities
Lucknow
References
Lists of mayors of places in India
Lucknow
Lists of mayors of places in Uttar Pradesh
Government of Lucknow
Artur Andreyevich Ryabokobylenko (; born 5 April 1991) is a Russian professional football player. They play for FC Sokol Saratov.
Club career
They made their Russian Premier League debut for FC Amkar Perm on 14 April 2012 in a game against FC Krylia Sovetov Samara.
External links
References
1991 births
People from Kstovsky District
Sportspeople from Nizhny Novgorod Oblast
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Amkar Perm players
FC Sokol Saratov players
PFC Spartak Nalchik players
FC Baltika Kaliningrad players
FC Tyumen players
FC Tosno players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
FC Zvezda Perm players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Koti ja Yhteiskunta (Finnish: Home and Society) was a Finnish language monthly women's magazine which was published in Helsinki in the period 1889–1911. It was the official media outlet of the Finnish Women's Association.
History and profile
Koti ja Yhteiskunta was first published on 14 April 1889. The founder was Alexandra Gripenberg who also edited the magazine which covered both political writings and domestic articles. They were the sole editor-in-chief of the magazine until 1911 and published various articles. Koti ja Yhteiskunta was published by the Finnish Women's Association on a monthly basis. The magazine opposed to women's having sex and children before marriage and denounced the working-class and rural women who were frequently practising these. It also regarded female servants as a threat for family life and demanded that female servants should be tested for sexually transmitted diseases. After producing a total 273 issues Koti ja Yhteiskunta ceased publication on 31 December 1911.
References
1889 establishments in Finland
1911 disestablishments in Finland
Defunct magazines published in Finland
Feminism in Finland
Feminist magazines
Finnish-language magazines
Magazines established in 1889
Magazines disestablished in 1911
Magazines published in Helsinki
Monthly magazines published in Finland
Women's magazines published in Finland
Ndhlovu is an African surname that may refer to:
Annastacia Ndhlovu, Zimbabwean politician
Kelvin Ndhlovu (born 1985), Zambian squash player
Lepono Ndhlovu (born 1986), Ugandan cricketer
Pardon Ndhlovu (born 1987), Zimbabwean marathon runner
Samuel Ndhlovu (1937–2001), Zambian football player and coach
Bantu-language surnames
Bali is a town and commune in Cameroon, lying west of Bamenda. It has a population of 32,000 (2001 estimate). Formerly the centre of a kingdom, it is known for its palace and its regular festival.
References
Communes of Northwest Region (Cameroon)
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Bulli on 3 June 1933 because of the death of Andrew Lysaght, .
Dates
Result
Andrew Lysaght, .
See also
Electoral results for the district of Bulli
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
New South Wales state by-elections
1933 elections in Australia
1930s in New South Wales
Kattuthulasi () is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by M. Kunchacko. The film stars Sathyan, Sharada, Adoor Bhasi Ushakumari and Manavalan Joseph. It was released on 10 July 1965.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan
Sharada
Adoor Bhasi
Manavalan Joseph
Changanasseri Chinnamma
Bahadoor
K. S. Gopinath
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
M. S. Namboothiri
Ushakumari
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1965 films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
'Kattuthulasi1
Trigonotylus ruficornis is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Miridae
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1785
Rodolfo Villaplana (born, January 5. 1975, in Valencia, Venezuela) is a Spanish-Venezuelan artist who lived and worked in Paris and London, and now resides and works in Milan, Italy.
Biography
After graduating in 2013 with an MFA from the Chelsea College of Arts, in London, they were endorsed by the Young Masters panel. They exhibited at the London Art Fair and PINTA International Art Fair in London. In 2015 they participatedin the Art Venice Biennale3. Villaplana was chosen to represent the UK in the Iranian Biennale of Art and exhibited together with Tamara Kvesitadze at a group exhibition represented by the Galerie Kornfeld. In 2015 had their first major solo exhibition titled "Duchamp is Dead" at the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA) in Tbilisi.
Style
Villaplana is best known for their portraits often containing motives of nudity, still life of flowers and several large scale paintings, such as their works "Surprise at Pimlico" or "Ratzinger Revisited."
They draw their inspiration from Neo-Expressionism and artist such as Lucian Freud and Francis Bacon.
In October 2016, in a London show curated by Thierry Morels, featuring Rodolfo Villaplana and Tamara Kvesitadze, Thierry Morel wrote about Vilaplana's art: "He deploys with their brush a wide-ranging symphony of hues and colours with uncompromising courage verging on brutality in order to portray 'the inner being' that they perceive in their sitter's body and gaze. The rough and earthy texture of their oil paint seeks to defy the limitations imposed by a two-dimensional image -- a mysterious artistic process of construction and de-construction, adjunction, falsification even, that challenges the viewers' senses and leaves them with a mixture of awe and raw emotions."
References
Alumni of the University of the Arts London
Living people
Venezuelan expatriates in the United Kingdom
Venezuelan painters
1975 births
The following lists events that happened during 1927 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Amanullah Khan
Prime Minister – Shir Ahmad (starting 25 October)
Events
The year is free from internal disturbances. During a tour in the southern provinces, King Amanullah is loyally received by the same Mangals who were in revolt against them a couple of years previously. Some restiveness shown by the Uzbeks of Afghan Turkestan is also calmed by a personal visit from the king in May.
May - In pursuance of their settled policy of modernizing Afghan institutions, the king reorganizes the arrangements for the budget after a conference with their ministers at Jalalabad. The revenue estimates are satisfactory, and not only are liberal allocations granted to various departments, but provision is made for opening twenty-seven new primary boys' schools and three girls' schools, also schools of agriculture and telegraphy. In order to gain new ideas for the improvement of their country, the king further plans an extended tour in foreign, especially European, countries.
December - The preparations for their tour having been completed, King Amanullah makes a farewell speech to their officials at Kabul, in which they state that Afghanistan, in the shadow of freedom, has said good-bye forever to their stationary position, and has joined the "social and living nations of the age." The farewell durbar is held at Kandahar - a place with which the king has close family connections - and from there the king travels via Quetta and Karachi to Bombay.  They are accompanied by their queen and by their minister for foreign affairs, and other high officials. The minister of war, Sardar Mohammad Wali Khan, is left as regent in their absence. The royal party reaches Bombay on December 14. They are received by the governor - the viceroy being confined to bed with malaria - and are given an enthusiastic popular welcome. Amanullah during their stay visits the principal mosque, and delivers a sermon, in which they recommend to their Muslim hearers tolerance of other faiths. Leaving Bombay on December 18, the party sails to Egypt, stopping on the way at Aden, where the king and queen land for a few hours and visit the residency. Port Said is reached on December 26, and from there the party proceeds to Cairo, where they are entertained by King Fuad.
The Swedish citizen Aurora Nilsson obtain a unique divorce from their Afghan spouse Asim Khan, possibly the first time in Afghanistan a woman could divorce a man on equal terms.
Births
Deaths
References
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Gamma Pi Epsilon () was the women's honor society of Jesuit colleges and universities.
History
When Marquette University went co-ed in 1924, there was a desire for a women's honor society alongside the all-male Alpha Sigma Nu which had been created only 9 years prior.. Gamma Pi Epsilon was approved in 1924 and the first chapter chartered on April 6, 1925 at Marquette University. Josephine Newell O'Gorman is considered the founder of Gamma Pi Epsilon. It was open to women of every academic discipline in the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.
On March 30, 1973, the two societies, Alpha Sigma Nu and Gamma Pi Epsilon merged.
Chapters
At the time of the merger in 1973, Gamma Pi Epsilon had chartered 14 chapters:
1925 Marquette University, Milwaukee, WI
1947 Saint Louis University, St. Louis, MO
1950 Gonzaga University, Spokane, WA
1951 Le Moyne College, Syracuse, NY
1952 Creighton University, Omaha, NE
1953 University of Detroit Mercy, Detroit, MI
1958 University of San Francisco, San Francisco, CA
1959 Wheeling Jesuit University, Wheeling, WV
1962 Seattle University, Seattle, WA
1963 Georgetown University, Washington, DC
1964 John Carroll University, Cleveland, OH
1966 Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, CA
1971 Regis University, Denver, CO
1971 Xavier University, Cincinnati, OH
See also
Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities
List of Jesuit institutions
Jesuit Ivy
References
Defunct fraternities and sororities
Student organizations established in 1925
1925 establishments in Wisconsin
1973 disestablishments in Wisconsin
Marion Cumbo (March 1, 1899 – September 17, 1990) was a cellist who was a member of the Negro String Quartet and the American String Quartet.
They were married to Clarissa Cumbo.
References
1899 births
1990 deaths
20th-century African-American musicians
American cellists
Park Eun-seok (; born 10 February 1984) is a South Korean actor.  They are best known for their work in theatre and is also known for their breakout performance in the 2020 television drama The Penthouse: War in Life.
Life
Born in South Korea, Park immigrated to the US with their family at the age of 7, settling in Long Island, Huntington, New York. They returned to Korea in 2005 at the age of 21 to pursue an acting career. Being a permanent resident of the United States at the time, Park voluntarily served in the South Korean military in order to improve their Korean. They later gave up their permanent resident status after being discharged from the military.
Filmography
Television series
Film
Television shows
Web shows
Stage
Awards and nominations
2016 The 12th Golden Ticket Awards Theatrical Actor Award
2018 MBC Drama Awards Men's Nominated Best Actor Award in the Wolhwa Mini Series
2019 KBS Drama Awards Nominated Male Rookie Award
2019 KBS Drama Awards Nominated One-act Men's Series
2020 SBS Drama Awards Male Supporting Actor
2021 SBS Drama Awards Excellence Award for an Actor in a Mini-Series Genre/Fantasy Drama (The Penthouse: War in Life 2 and 3) / nom
Listicles
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
21st-century South Korean male actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male stage actors
South Korean male musical theatre actors
South Korean male web series actors
Seoul Institute of the Arts alumni
The Message is the debut studio album by British singer Andrea Begley. The album was released in the United Kingdom on 21 October 2013 by Capitol Records. The album has peaked to number 7 on the UK Albums Chart and number 61 on the Irish Albums Chart.
Singles
"My Immortal" was released as the lead single from the album in June 2013. The single has peaked to number 30 on the UK Singles Chart and number 70 on the Irish Singles Chart.
"Dancing in the Dark" was released as the second single from the album in October 2013.
Track listing
Chart performance
Release history
References
2013 albums
Andrea Begley albums
Russian Gap () is a gap extending in a north–south direction between the Havre Mountains and Rouen Mountains, in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica. The north coast of Alexander Island was first sketched from a great distance in 1821 by the Russian expedition under Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen and this gap apparently represented by one of two open spaces between three high features. The gap was mapped in detail from air photos taken by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48, by Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1960. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for the Russian group which observed this area in 1821. The Russian Gap and Edwards Gap are the only two gaps of Alexander Island.
Mountain passes of Alexander Island
Yu Xiaoyu (; born 1 August 1992) is a Chinese badminton player. They started playing badminton at aged 9, and in 2009, they were selected to join the national team after trained in Beijing badminton team. Their sister Yu Xiaohan is also a badminton player. They were the mixed doubles runner-up at the 2015 New Zealand Open partnered with Xia Huan.
Achievements
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix has two levels: Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Mixed Doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Chinese male badminton players
Badminton players from Beijing
Gary Dean Penisten (born May 14, 1931) is an American executive who served as United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) from 1974 to 1977.
Biography
Penisten was born in Lincoln, Nebraska in 1931. They were educated at the University of Nebraska at Omaha, graduating in 1953. Upon graduating, Penisten took a job with General Electric, and worked there for twenty-one years.
In 1974 President of the United States Gerald Ford nominated Penisten as Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller). Penisten held this office from October 15, 1974 until May 20, 1977. In 2001, Penisten published a memoir of their time in office entitled Pentagon Appointment: A Mid-Career Adventure.
Upon leaving the United States Department of the Navy, Penisten became Chief Financial Officer of Sterling Drug, a position they held until 1988.
Penisten has served on the Board of Directors of several corporations. They were Chairman of the Board of Acme United Corp. from 1996 to 2006.
References
Profile from Hoover's
Profile from Acme United Corp.
Gary D. Penisten, Pentagon Appointment: A Mid-Career Adventure (2001)
1931 births
Living people
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Navy
The Heralds of the Gospel (; , abbreviated to EP) is a Roman Catholic International Association of Pontifical Right based in Brazil. Founded by Msgr. João Scognamiglio Clá Dias, the organization is active in 78 countries.
History
The Heralds of the Gospel were founded by Msgr. João Scognamiglio Clá Dias, EP, who was for many years close to Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira, whom they consider their mentor, and they also follow the main beliefs of the original Brazilian Society for the Defense of Tradition, Family and Property. The main difference is that they claim to adhere to Vatican Council II and its reforms. They were created on 21 September 1999, and were recognized as an International Association of Pontifical Right by Pope John Paul II on 22 February 2001.
Consisting mainly of young people, Heralds of the Gospel is established in 78 countries. Its members practice celibacy and are dedicated to an apostolic life, living in separate houses designated for young men and young women. Their life of recollection, study and prayer alternates with evangelizing activities in dioceses and parishes, with special emphasis placed on the formation of youth. They also have a cooperator branch (formerly called companions in English) for those who cannot dedicate their lives entirely to apostolic works due to their own vocation, whether they are married, single or clerics.
Spirituality
The spirituality of the Heralds of the Gospel is based on three essential points: the Eucharist, the Virgin Mary and the Pope.
These points are represented in the emblem that distinguishes them. The three devotions can be seen in the symbol of the Heralds of the Gospel.
Their charism leads them to strive for perfection and for beauty in their daily actions.
Music
Seeing in culture and art efficacious tools of evangelization, the Heralds of the Gospel characteristically place special emphasis on both choral and instrumental music. Hence, the Heralds have formed various choirs and a number of concert bands to bring their ideology to the outside world.
The main musical ensemble of these neo-evangelizers – the International Choir and Symphonic Band – was started in São Paulo with members united from a number of countries, which wear the uniform of the Heralds. This musical ensemble has traveled to numerous cities in the various continents, giving presentations in churches, auditoriums and stadiums to satisfy what they see as peoples' desire for beauty and spirituality.
Societies of Apostolic Life
As a further development of the charism, the family of the Heralds of the Gospel has given rise to two societies of apostolic life:
Virgo Flos Carmeli, the priestly branch of the Heralds, was born in 2005 with the ordinations of the first fifteen priests, including the founder of the Heralds of the Gospel.
Regina Virginum, the feminine branch was born later on Christmas of 2005.
Both societies received papal approval in 2009, becoming a clerical society of apostolic life of pontifical right and a feminine society of apostolic life of pontifical right, respectively.
"Arising from within the Heralds of the Gospel, and sharing the same values, the two new societies of apostolic life, however, have distinct natures. Virgo Flos Carmeli – "Virgin Flower of Carmel", in English – is characterized as a clerical society, in other words, consisting mainly of priests, while the society of apostolic life Regina Virginum – "Queen of Virgins" – is formed by women.
According to the Vatican decree, Virgo Flos Carmeli "is born amidst a loving and pertinacious catechesis on the Church and the Roman Pontiff, as well as respect for the importance of sacralization, to the greatest extent possible, of the values of temporal life." The decree goes on to state that the society is characterized by the defense of orthodoxy, purity of customs and the spirit of hierarchy, "as well as the desire to rekindle in humanity the distinction between good and evil (...)."
Virgo Flos Carmeli was founded by Msgr. João Scognamiglio Clá Dias, E.P., founder and president of the Heralds of the Gospel, and was erected by the then Bishop of Avezzano, Italy, the Most Rev. Lucio Angelo Maria Renna, on 15 June 2006.
Afterward, the Most Rev. José Maria Pinheiro, Bishop of Bragança Paulista, where the Motherhouse of the Society is located, requested Pontifical approval of Virgo Flos Carmeli from the Pope.
Regina Virginum, for its part, had its approval signed on 26 April 2009. According to the Vatican decree, the Society of Apostolic Life of Pontifical Right, also founded by Msgr. João Scognamiglio Clá Dias, "arose as an expression of the charism of the Heralds of the Gospel, applied to the specific conditions of feminine life, striving to manifest its own characteristics in a particular way within the secularised world."
Growth
The Heralds of the Gospel are growing, expanding their missionary activities to several countries and new cities in recent years. It is one of the fastest growing religious families today.
As Pope Benedict XVI said: "There are also, however, new Catholic awakenings, a dynamic of new movements, for instance, the "Heralds of the Gospel", young people who are seized by the enthusiasm of having acknowledged Christ as the Son of God and of bringing them into the world."
The first church entrusted to the Heralds was San Benedetto in Piscinula in Rome in 2003 and more have followed, with Our Lady of the Rosary, Caieiras, Brazil, the first honored with the title of minor basilica, in 2012. In 2014 the Heralds church Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima in Embu das Artes, São Paulo, Brazil, was also named by the Vatican a minor basilica.
They also operate several schools and are in partnerships with several other educational institutions, such as the Lumen Veritatis Academy, of noted excellence in academics and Catholic religious education.
Many of the Heralds of the Gospel members receive the Sacrament of Holy Orders through the Society of the Apostolic Life of Pontifical Right Virgo Flos Carmeli., which enjoys numerous vocations.
Investigation by the Vatican
In 2017 the Vatican instituted an Apostolic Visitation of the Heralds under the direction of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life. On 12 June 2017 Msgr. Clá Dias stepped down as Superior General but continued to be "father" of the Heralds. The visitation found "shortcomings concerning the style of government, the life of the members of the Council, the pastoral care of vocations, the formation of new vocations, administration, the management of works and fundraising." As a result of the visitation, Pope Francis appointed Cardinal Raymundo Damasceno Assis, Archbishop Emeritus of Aparecida, as Pontifical Commissioner, to be assisted by Bishop José Aparecido Gonçalves de Almeida and Sister Marian Ambrosio I.D.P. in overseeing the Heralds and its two branches of consecrated men and women. The Heralds are "strongly linked to groups in the Church which oppose the reforms of Pope Francis."
An element in this investigation was a video presented by Andrea Tornielli, in an article published in the newspaper La Stampa, which showed several members of the Heralds of the Gospel listening to a description of an "exorcism". "In the video, a priest standing next to the founder read several claims made by a demon during an exorcism, claiming that 'the Vatican is mine' and foretelling the death of Pope Francis, causing some in the group, including Cla Dias, to laugh." At that time the Heralds issued a clarification note stating that this was an old video and that the leak had occurred improperly as it was for theological studies. It further clarified that all the appropriate steps had been taken under Canon Law and in light of the Catholic theology.
References
External links
Official site Canada
Official site USA
Central Site (Brazil) with links to other countries
Founder's site (in Portuguese)
TV site (in Portuguese and Spanish)
Instituto Teológico São Tomás de Aquino (ITTA) (in Portuguese)
Heralds' Academic posts (Portuguese)
Caballeros de la Virgen
International associations of the faithful
Christian organizations established in 2001
2001 establishments in Brazil
Ricardo Treviño Jr. (born May 16, 1971) is an American country music artist. Signed to Columbia Nashville in 1993, Trevino began their career that year with the release of their debut single "Just Enough Rope", the first mainstream country music single to feature separate English and Spanish versions. The song was included on their debut album Dos Mundos; a self-titled album followed a year later. Trevino has charted a total of fourteen singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and recorded seven studio albums. Their highest-charting single, "Running Out of Reasons to Run", reached No. 1 on that chart in 1996.
Biography
Early years
Trevino of Mexican descent, is the son of Ricardo Trevino, Sr., a Tejano musician, and Linda Chavez. Their music career began when they started taking piano lessons at the age of five. They play rhythm guitar as well as keyboards.
Trevino graduated from Westwood High School in Austin, Texas. Although they were offered a baseball scholarship to Memphis State University, Trevino chose instead to study music at Texas A&M University. While a student, they played their brand of country music in local clubs. In December 1991, a representative of the Sony label, Paul Jarosik, was stranded in Austin due to flooding conditions and visited a small club where Trevino regularly played. Although Trevino was not performing that evening, the representative saw several articles on the walls which praised Trevino. Employees of the club gave them a tape of Trevino's music, which the label representative then passed onto music producer Steve Buckingham. Buckingham made a special trip to Austin just to hear Trevino perform and signed them to Sony. Trevino left school to pursue their music career.
1993: Dos Mundos
At the insistence of Columbia Nashville, their first album, Dos Mundos, was an almost entirely Spanish country album. Trevino, who is not a native Spanish speaker and needed lessons before they could record the album, was displeased with the decision. "I didn't like that a bit because I didn't want people to think I was a Tejano artist...Everybody thinks I'm a Tejano singer crossing over to the country format." The album was certified gold (selling over 500,000 copies).
1993-1995: Rick Trevino
Seven months later, in 1994, Sony released their first English album, Rick Trevino. Rick Trevino was certified gold (selling over 500,000 copies) and featured the hits "She Can't Say I Didn't Cry" and "Doctor Time." They released their debut single, "Just Enough Rope" ("Bastante Cordón") on September 7, 1993. It appeared in English on Rick Trevino and in Spanish on Dos Mundos, while a version of the song which combined the two languages was also released to radio. This became the first mainstream country single to be released in both English and Spanish. The album's third single, "She Can't Say I Didn't Cry", became Trevino's first chart-topper, spending one week at the top of the Gavin Report country singles charts.
1995-1996: Looking for the Light
The follow-up English album, Looking for the Light, was released in 1995 and included the top-ten hit "Bobbie Ann Mason." Trevino also recorded a Spanish version of the album, titled Un Rayo de Luz ("A Ray of Light").
In the late 1990s they joined an all-star group of Mexican-American singers, including members of Los Lobos, Freddy Fender, Ruben Ramos, and Flaco Jimenez, to create the supergoup Los Super Seven. The group won a Grammy in 1998 for Best Mexican-American Music Performance for their self-titled debut album. Another two albums followed - Canto in 2001 (also released live on DVD) and
Heard It On The X in 2005 (both albums included Raul Malo of The Mavericks among others).
1996-1997: Learning as You Go
Trevino's 1996 album Learning as You Go, produced their first and only Billboard Number One single in "Running Out of Reasons to Run" with "Learning As You Go" reaching #1 on the Radio & Records Chart and #2 on the Billboard Country Chart. The third single, "I Only Get This Way With You" reached #7 on the Billboard Country Chart. As with Looking for the Light, Learning As You Go also featured a separate Spanish-language version, titled Mi Vida Eres Tú ("My Life Is You").
1998: Departure from Sony
Trevino asked to leave their contract with Sony in the hopes of moving in a different musical direction. Sony refused to release them from the contract, and Trevino cut a new album and released the single "Only Lonely Me" on August 18, 1998. Before the album could be released, Sony agreed to release Trevino, and the album was shelved. The same year Trevino appeared on compilation CD Tribute To Tradition (released on Columbia label) with a cover version of "City Lights" (#1 country classic recorded by Ray Price in 1958).
1999-2002: Continued touring and Mi Son
Trevino continued to tour and released a Spanish-language album, Mi Son, that contained only ballads and had little hint of their country music roots. Without a new album or record deal, however, Trevino's touring schedule slowed, and most of their band quit.
During this time, Trevino began collaborating with Raul Malo, former frontman of country band The Mavericks. The two had met while working on the second Los Super Seven albums. Their collaborations helped bring Trevino to the attention of producer Paul Worley, who helped Trevino get a contract with Warner Brothers.
2002-2004: In My Dreams
For their next album, In My Dreams, Trevino "wanted to do a country record that had a Latin flavor to it." They wrote or cowrote every song on the album except for the final track, a cover of the Bryan Adams song "Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?" The title track, "In My Dreams" became a single and remained on the charts for twenty weeks, falling just shy of the Top 40 on the Billboard country charts. Trevino was disappointed with the final ranking, but said the album "opened a lot of doors for me. It made people take me a little more seriously than 'Bobbie Ann Mason.
2004–present: Single releases and Whole Town Blue
Trevino's Warner Brothers single release, Separate Ways, failed to reach the Top 40 on Billboards Hot Country Songs chart and the planned release of the Whole Town Blue album was cancelled. The album was subsequently released in 2011 on one CD with their previous album on the Warner label as In My Dreams / Whole Town Blue. A Christmas album titled Oh Ven, Emanuel was self-released in 2009 and was still available through their website as of 2016. Their collaboration with Los Lobos on "Wasted Days and Wasted Nights" was released as a single in 2010.
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Notes
A^ Spanish-language albums.
B^''' Rick Trevino'' also charted at number 5 on the US Top Heatseekers chart.
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Rick Trevino Official Website
Rick Trevino Artist Roster
1971 births
American country keyboardists
American country pianists
American male pianists
American country singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Living people
Texas A&M University alumni
Singer-songwriters from Texas
Musicians from Houston
American musicians of Mexican descent
Columbia Records artists
Spanish-language singers of the United States
21st-century American singers
Country musicians from Texas
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American male singers
Breer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Albert Breer (born 1980), American football journalist and reporter
Carl Breer (1883–1970), American automotive industry engineer
Murle Breer (born 1939), American golfer
Robert Breer (1926–2011), American experimental filmmaker, painter, and sculptor
Sanae Nakahara (Japanese: 中原早苗; July 31, 1935 – May 15, 2012) was a Japanese actor from Tokyo. They starred in over 80 films and television shows, the most prominent being their role in the films Lady Snowblood (1973), Yagyu Clan Conspiracy (1978), and Day of Resurrection (1980). Them husband was famed Japanese film director Kinji Fukasaku, and their son, Kenta Fukasaku, is another well-known Japanese film director.
Personal life
They graduated from the Kunimoto Girls' High School. Them mother was a stage actor and raised them after divorcing their father.
They married Kinji Fukasaku, who at the time was a young director at Toei. They had no meetings and they gave them no acting guidance, but after the film they took, as they described, a furious approach with letters and phone calls. They decided to get married after being together only 3 months. Whenever they directed their own starring actores, the media was taken with stories of the crisis of their marriage. They continued to support their husband's filmmaking.
They died in their home on May 15, 2012. An apartment manager, at the request of their son, entered their home and found them collapsed in the bathroom. Doctors confirmed their death at the hospital with the cause of death being heart failure.
Career
They first starred in the film Village Eight minutes while still in high school, a film about the Shizuoka Prefecture Ueno village ostracism incident. Two years later they signed an exclusive contract with Japanese movie studio Nikkatsu, appearing in films such as Season of the Sun. They appeared in around 80 works over the next 8 years before becoming independent and acting for other studios.
Them most recent work had mainly been appearances on stage.
Filmography
Actress
Kani Kōsen (1953) .... Natsu
Mura hatibu (1953)
Moeru Shanghai (1954) .... Qing Lian
Wakai hitotachi (1954)
Aisureba koso (1955) .... Minako (segment 3)
Ôkami (1955)
Hi no tori (1956)
Niko-yon monogatari (1956) .... Kimiko
The Baby Carriage (1956) .... Sachiko Kaneda
Gyûnyû ya Furankî (1956) .... Hatsu
Frankie Bûchan no Aa gunkanki (1957)
All We Want Is Happiness (1957) .... Kimiko
Frankie Bûchan no zoku aa gunkaki: Nyogo ga-shima funsenki (1957)
Temptation (1957) .... Mitsuko Sakuragi
Kokoro to nikutai no tabi (1958) .... Ruriko Tachibana
Chi to ai no shuppatsu (1958) .... Yôko Tsugawa
Red Quay (1958)
Endless Desire (1958) .... Ryuko
Kurenai no Tsubasa (1958)
Shiki no aiyoku (1958)
Arashi no naka o tsuppashire (1958)
Talented Woman (1959)
Kawaii onna (1959) .... Yûko Ejima
Nangoku Tosa o ato ni shite (1959) .... Asako Nakamura
The Wandering Guitarist (1959) .... Sumiko Shôji
Umi no wanâ (1959)
Hatoba no muho mono (1959)
Kizû darakê no ôkite (1960)
Ajisai no uta (1960) .... Noriko Shimamura
Wataridori itsu mata kaeru (1960)
Smashing the 0-line (1960)
Tokyo Mighty Guy (1960) .... Rirako
Kenka Tarô (1960) .... Hideko Iwashita
Umi no joji ni kakero (1960) .... Ranko Maki
Ashita hareru ka (1960) .... Setsuko Kajiwara
Ore wa dawâ sare naî (1960)
Pigs and Battleships (1961) .... Hiromi
Rokudenashi yarô (1961) .... Natsue Inoue
Umi no shôbushi (1961) .... Kyôko
Aitsu to watashi (1961) .... Asako Nomizo
Dôdôtaru jinsei (1961) .... Hiroko
Yajû no mon (1961) .... Yukari Saijô
Sûkettô kagyô (1961)
Aniki (1962)
The Lucky General (1962)
Omizu hara (1962)
Namarî o buchi komê (1962)
Mekishiko mushuku (1962) .... Teru Akazawa
Gân wa sâmushô otoko no utasâ (1962)
Kanto Wanderer (1963) .... Yamada Hanako
Warrior of the Wind (1964) .... Oyumi
Ankokugai Main Street (1964) .... Sanae Sanjo
Zoku zûzûshii yatsu (1964) .... Maria
Ôkami to buta to ningen (1964)
Kunoichi ninpō (1964) .... Oyui
Sleepy Eyes of Death: Sword of Fire (1965) .... Oryô
Himo (1965) .... Akiko Kubo
The Ghost of the One Eyed Man (1965) .... Michiko Onda
Tange Sazen (1965, TV Series) .... Ofuji
Kuroi yuwaku (1965)
Jigoku no hatobâ (1965)
Nihon Kyokaku-den: Ketto Kanda-matsuri (1966) .... Hatsue
Odoshi (1966) .... Mother of the baby
By a Man's Face Shall You Know Him (1966)
Judo Showdown (1966) .... Tone
Shojo jutai (1966) .... Keiko Miyaoka
Zoku Tokyo nagaremono- Umi wa makka na koi no iro (1966)
Mesu ga osu o kuikorosu: Kamakiri (1976) .... Yukie Soda
Haru ranman (TV Series) (1967)
Maboroshi kurozukin-yami ni tobu kage (1967)
Women's Prison (1968) .... Prostitute's sister
The House of the Sleeping Virgins (1968)
Inochi karetemo (1968)
Women's Cell (1968) .... Okma
Kamisama no koibito (1968)
Yoru No Kayo: Inochi Karetomo (1968)
Shinjuku no hada (1968) .... Mineko
I, the Executioner (1968)
Secrets of a Woman's Temple (1969) .... Kyôen
Nemuri Kyoshiro engetsu sappo (1969)
Japan Organized Crime Boss (1969) .... Ooba's wife
Dorifutazu desu yo! Tokkun tokkun mata tokkun (1969)
Play It Cool (1970) .... Madame
Kigeki: otoko ârimasû (1970)
If You Were Young: Rage (1970)
Under the Flag of the Rising Sun (1972) .... Mrs. Ochi
Horror Theater Unbalance (TV Series) (1973) .... Morgue no satsujinsha
Female Prisoner Scorpion: 701's Grudge Song (1973) .... Akiko Inagaki
Lady Snowblood (1973) .... Kitahama, Okono
Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Police Tactics (1974)
Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Final Episode (1974)
New Battles Without Honor and Humanity (1974)
Police Tactics (1974) .... Kikue
Aka chochin (1974)
Cops vs. Thugs (1975)
New Battles Without Honor and Humanity: The Boss's Head (1975)
Aoi sei (1975)
Oni no uta (1975)
Shinsha no naka no onna (TV Series) (1976)
Jitsuroku gaiden: Osaka dengeki sakusen (1976) .... Chie
New Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Last Days of the Boss (1976) .... Hisano
Hokuriku Proxy War (1977)
Shogun's Samurai (1978) .... Lady Kusaga (Iemitsu's Aid)
The Fall of Ako Castle (1978) .... Todano tsubone
Nomugi Pass (1979)
virus (1980) .... Young Mother-Tokyo
Furueru shita (1980) .... Sadae
Asshii-tachi no machi (1981) .... Michiko
The Challenge (TV Series) (1982) .... Cashier (as Sanae Nakahara)
Ikiru (TV Series) (1983)
Fureai (TV Series) (1986)
Shinran: Path to Purity (1987) .... Woman at waiting
Poruno joyû sayako no bôken (TV Movie) (1987)
Nonchan no yume (TV Series) (1988)
Pachinko monogatari (1990)
Tanba Tetsuro no daireikai shindara odoroita!! (1990) .... Doctor of human community
Onna nezumi kozô: Nerawareta Karakurijô shijô saiaku no dai hâdo (TV Movie) (1995)
Kaze no rondo (TV Series) (1995)
Manbiki G-Men Nikaidô Yuki 3 (TV Movie) (1999) .... Kuniko motohashi
Manbiki G-Men Nikaidô Yuki 4 (TV Movie) (1999) .... Kuniko motohashi
Manbiki G-Men Nikaidô Yuki 5 (TV Movie) (2000) .... Kuniko motohashi
Lily Festival (2001) .... Teruko Satoyama
References
1935 births
2012 deaths
Actresses from Tokyo
21st-century Japanese actores
Japanese television actores
Japanese film actores
20th-century Japanese actores
Katherine J. Mack (born 1 May 1981) is a theoretical cosmologist who holds the Hawking Chair in Cosmology and Science Communication at Perimeter Institute. Them academic research investigates dark matter, vacuum decay and the epoch of reionisation. Mack is also a popular science communicator who participates in social media and regularly writes for Scientific American, Slate, Sky & Telescope, Time and Cosmos.
Early life and education
Mack became interested in science as a child and built solar-powered cars out of Lego blocks. Them mother is a fan of science fiction, and encouraged Mack to watch Star Trek and Star Wars. Them grandfather was a student at Caltech and worked on the Apollo 11 mission. They became more interested in spacetime and the Big Bang after attending talks by scientists such as Stephen Hawking.
Mack attended California Institute of Technology, and appeared as an extra in the opening credits of the 2001 American comedy film Legally Blonde when they filmed on campus. They received their undergraduate degree in physics in 2003. Mack obtained their PhD in astrophysics from Princeton University in 2009. Them thesis on the early universe was supervised by Paul Steinhardt.
Research and career
After earning their doctorate, Mack joined the University of Cambridge as a Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC) postdoctoral research fellow at the Kavli Institute for Cosmology. Later in 2012, Mack was a Discovery Early Career Researcher Award (DECRA) Fellow at the University of Melbourne. Mack was involved with the construction of the dark matter detector SABRE.
In January 2018, Mack became an Assistant Professor and a member of university's Leadership in Public Science Cluster in the Department of Physics at North Carolina State University. They joined the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in June 2022, as the inaugural Hawking Chair in Cosmology and Science Communication. The Canadian multidisciplinary research organization CIFAR named them one of the CIFAR Azrieli Global Scholars in 2022.
Mack works at the intersection between fundamental physics and astrophysics. Them research considers dark matter, vacuum decay, the formation of galaxies, observable tracers of cosmic evolution and the Epoch of Reionisation. Mack has described dark matter as one of science's "most pressing enigmas". They have worked on dark matter self-annihilation Mack has investigated whether the accretion of dark matter could result in the growth of primordial black holes (PBHs). They have worked on the impact of PBHs on the cosmic microwave background. They have become increasingly interested, too, in the end of the universe.
Public engagement and advocacy
Mack maintains a strong science outreach presence on both social and traditional media. They have been described by Motherboard and Creative Cultivate as a "social media celebrity". Mack is a popular science writer, and has contributed to The Guardian, Scientific American, Slate, The Conversation, Sky & Telescope, Gizmodo, Time and Cosmos, as well as providing expert information to the BBC. Mack's Twitter account has over 300,000 followers; their response to a climate change denier on that platform gained mainstream coverage, as did their "Chirp for LIGO" upon the first detection of gravitational waves.
They were the 2017 Australian Institute of Physics Women in Physics lecturer, in which capacity they spent three weeks delivering talks at schools and universities across Australia.
In 2018, Mack was chosen to be one of the judges for Nature magazine's newly founded Nature Research Awards for Inspiring Science and Innovating Science. In February 2019 Mack appeared in an episode of The Jodcast, talking about their work and science communication. Mack was a member of the jury for the Alfred P. Sloan Prize in the 2019 Sundance Film Festival. In 2019, they were referenced on the Hozier track 'No Plan' from their album Wasteland, Baby!: "As Mack explained, there will be darkness again".
 They are a member of the Sloan Science & Film community, where they work on science fiction.
Them first book, The End of Everything (Astrophysically Speaking), was published by Simon & Schuster in August 2020, the firm having won the rights to Mack's first book in an eight-way bidding battle. It considers the five scenarios for the end of universe (both theoretically and practically), and has received positive reviews both for its science outreach accuracy and its wit.
The book is also a New York Times Notable Book and features on the best books of the year lists of The Washington Post, The Economist, New Scientist, Publishers Weekly, and The Guardian.
In 2021, Mack discussed their work with Brady Haran in a podcast on Haran's Numberphile2 channel.
Personal life
Mack is interested in the intersection of art, poetry and science.  They are bisexual.
References
External links
Katie Mack at NC State University
American astrophysicists
Science communicators
California Institute of Technology alumni
Princeton University alumni
North Carolina State University faculty
American science writers
LGBT scientists from the United States
Women science writers
21st-century American physicists
21st-century American women scientists
Bisexual women
Bisexual academics
Bisexual scientists
American women academics
Women astrophysicists
Living people
1981 births
Pathrik Westerholm (born 6 January 1992) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player.  They are currently playing with Malmö Redhawks of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). Westerholm was selected by the Vancouver Canucks in the 6th round (180th overall) of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Westerholm made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2014–15 SHL season. Pathrik's twin brother Ponthus is also a professional hockey player.
On 3 May 2017, Westerholm left Brynäs alongside brother Ponthus, and signed a two-year contract with Frölunda HC.
After claiming the Swedish Championship in their final season under contract in 2018–19 season, Westerholm left as a free agent to move to the Finnish Liiga, again alongside Ponthus, agreeing to a one-year deal with Lukko on 8 May 2019.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Brynäs IF players
BIK Karlskoga players
Frölunda HC players
Malmö Redhawks players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Vancouver Canucks draft picks
People from Karlskrona
Sportspeople from Blekinge County
The Namibian snake-eyed skink (Panaspis namibiana) is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is found in Namibia and Angola.
References
Panaspis
Reptiles described in 2018
Taxa named by Luis M. P. Ceríaco
Taxa named by William Roy Branch
Taxa named by Aaron M. Bauer
(S)-hydroxynitrile lyase (, (S)-cyanohydrin producing hydroxynitrile lyase, (S)-oxynitrilase, (S)-HbHNL, (S)-MeHNL, hydroxynitrile lyase, oxynitrilase, HbHNL, MeHNL, (S)-selective hydroxynitrile lyase, (S)-cyanohydrin carbonyl-lyase (cyanide forming), hydroxynitrilase) is an enzyme with systematic name (S)-cyanohydrin lyase (cyanide forming). This enzyme catalyses the interconversion between cyanohydrins and the carbonyl compounds derived from the cyanohydrin with free cyanide, as in the following two chemical reactions:
an aliphatic (S)-hydroxynitrile an aliphatic aldehyde or ketone + cyanide
an aromatic (S)-hydroxynitrile an aromatic aldehyde + cyanide
In nature, the liberation of cyanide serves as a defense mechanism against herbivores and microbial attack in plants. Hydroxynitrile lyases of the α/β hydrolase fold are closely related to esterases. All members of the α/β hydrolase fold contain a conserved catalytic triad (nucleophile-histidine-aspartate). The nucleophile in this case is a serine. In contrast to esterases, serine proteases, lipases and other enzymes in this family, the nucleophile in hydroxynitrile lyases functions as a proton acceptor. Key amino acid residues in this reaction are the lysine at position 236 and the threonine at position 11. Lys236 helps to orient the substrate while Thr11 serves to block the oxyanion hole that would convert the enzyme into an esterase.
Commonly studied (S)-selective hydroxynitrile lyases include MeHNL from Manihot esculenta and HbHNL from Hevea brasiliensis. (R)-selective hydroxynitrile lyases have also been found to exist in Arabidopsis thaliana (AtHNL). AtHNL is thought to catalyze this reaction by a different mechanism.
Not all hydroxynitrile lyases belong to the α/β hydrolase family. PaHNL (Prunus amygdalus), (R)-selective like AtHNL, uses a flavin cofactor to catalyze cyanogenesis.
Natural Substrates of Hydroxynitrile Lyases
Acetone cyanohydrin has been determined to be the natural substrate of HbHNL, though HbHNL also shows activity with mandelonitrile, the natural substrate of PaHNL. The cleavage of mandelonitrile into benzaldehyde and cyanide is what produces the characteristic amaretto smell of almonds. The natural substrate of AtHNL is unknown as no cyanohydrins have been detected in Arabidopis thaliana.
Unnatural Substrates
In addition to cyanohydrin cleavage, HNLs have been found to catalyze the nitroaldol reaction at low levels.
References
External links
EC 4.1.2
Benjamin Bouchouari (born 13 November 2001) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Saint-Étienne. Born in Belgium, they are a youth international for Morocco.
Club career
Early life and youth career
Born in Borgerhout, Belgium, Benjamin began their career from the youth division of Fortuna Sittard and was a part of their under-19 setup. They then joined the youth division of Roda JC and was a part of their under-19 and under-21 squads.
Roda JC
Benjamin signed their first senior contract with Dutch and current Eerste Divisie club Roda JC on 2020. They would represent for the club in 2020–21 Eerste Divisie. Benjamin played their maiden appearance for the club in the KNVB Cup match against Fortuna Sittard on 28 October 2020 as a substitute for Patrick Pflücke in the 77th minute of the match. The match ended 0–2 to Fortuna Sittard. Benjamin made their debut league appearance against Jong FC Utrecht on 9 November 2020. Benjamin started as a substitute in the 81st minute of the game for Patrick Pflücke. The match ended 2–0 with Roda JC losing the match. Benjamin scored their debut goal for the club against Excelsior on 15 February 2021 in the 83rd minute of the game, which they won 1-3.
Saint-Étienne
On 16 August 2022, Bouchouari signed a three-year contract with Saint-Étienne in France.
International career
Born in Belgium, Benjamin is of Moroccan descent. They opted to represent the Morocco U23s in 2021.
Career statistics
References
External links
Benjamin Bouchouari at Roda JC Kerkrade
Benjamin Bouchouari at ESPN
Benjamin Bouchouari at Football Critic
2001 births
Living people
People from Borgerhout
Moroccan footballers
Morocco youth international footballers
Belgian footballers
Belgian sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Association football midfielders
Fortuna Sittard players
Roda JC Kerkrade players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Eerste Divisie players
Ligue 2 players
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in France
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
Belgian expatriate footballers
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in France
FC Transimpeks Vyshneve was a Ukrainian football club from Vyshneve, Kyiv Oblast.
History
The club entered Ukrainian national competitions in 1993. It started at the 1993–94 Ukrainian Football Amateur League where the club won its group 3 and was promoted to the 1994–95 Ukrainian Third League. While playing in the Third League during a winter break merged with FC Ros Bila Tserkva and was renamed FC Transimpeks-Ros-2 Vyshneve. The main team moved to village of Trezyne located in Bila Tserkva Raion. However, the Bila Tservka club was not able to maintain its new second team and Transimpeks was withdrawn near the end of season. In its place was put a club from amateur league Nerefa Slavutych which forfeited the rest of its games in amateur league. The Football Federation of Ukraine later awarded the Transimpeks record to FC Nerefa Slavutych.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|1993–94
|align=center|4th
|align=center|1
|align=center|28
|align=center|20
|align=center|1
|align=center|7
|align=center|66
|align=center|20
|align=center|41
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|promoted
|-
|align=center|1994–95
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|–
|align=center|38
|align=center|13
|align=center|8
|align=center|17
|align=center|31
|align=center|45
|align=center|47
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|withdrew
|}
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Kyiv Oblast
Bila Tserkva Raion
Association football clubs established in 1993
Association football clubs disestablished in 1995
1993 establishments in Ukraine
1995 disestablishments in Ukraine
Planjsko may refer to:
Planjsko, Montenegro
Planjsko, Majšperk, Slovenia
Coccothrinax muricata is a palm which is endemic to east central Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. muricata to be a synonym of Coccothrinax pauciramosa.
References
muricata
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
William Alexander Milne (? - 20 February 1929) was an Australian photographer. Trading under the name W. A. Milne, they had a studio at Bazaar Street in Maryborough, Queensland.
Personal life
Milne was born about 1874 at Glasgow, Scotland. They were married to Mary Fyfe Thom. They had three daughters, Katherine, Mary and Margery.
Milne died on 20 February 1929 at Maryborough and was buried the next day at Maryborough Cemetery.
Career
References
Australian photographers
1929 deaths
"Place under the sun" (Bulgarian: "Мя́сто под слъ́нцето" or translit.: "Myа́sto pod slа́ntzeto") is a 1986 Bulgarian drama film, directed by Rumen Surdzhiyski. Screenplay writer is Tziliya Lacheva. Cinematographer is Teodor Yanev. The music of the film is composed by Antoni Donchev. Production designer is Tzvetana Yankova and costume designer is Epsimania Banova. The film was shot in the then emblematic factories from the Bulgarian textile industry - the wool-textile factory "Dimitar Blagoev" in Kazanlak and "8th of March" factory in Sofia. Today, those factories do not operate anymore.
About the film
""Place under the sun" is a portrait of the womеn working in the textile industry, who live "without mask and makeup". The screenwriter knew well the life and nature of their characters, their pains and aspirations. In the screenplay, everything looked vital, plausible, convincing, it was simply "begging" to be transferred to the screen.
In this period of development of Bulgarian cinema, there was an acute lack of films, in which the main character was the common worker. Their world also deserved to be studied, described and recreated. The film was made according to the canons of ideological and aesthetic requirements of the period, but is an honest attempt to fill this gap."
(Rumen Surdzhiyski)
Cast
Cast overview:
Maria Kavardjikova ...as Nikula
Elzhana Popova ...as Kina
Emilia Radeva ...as Damyana
Dorotea Toncheva ...as Leftera
Tzvetana Dyankova ...as Hadzhikoleva
Minka Syulemezova ...as Kaliopa
Antoaneta Kolarova ...as Violeta
Zlatina Todeva ...as Sofka
Desislava Stoycheva ...as Spaska
Stefan Mavrodiyev ...as the Director
Andrey Andreev ...as Lyuli
Dimitar Banenkin ...as Damyana's son
Nikola Todev ...as Bay Petko
Radko Dishliev ...as Asen
Hristo Stoykov ...as The little Dancho
and others...
Reviews
"The beginning of 1986 has brought us several good films, which not only inspire us with hope, but also arm us with more arguments against the greyness of the last year's production. These are the already mentioned "Nineteen Meters of Wind" by Nikolai Valchinov and Vladimir Kraev; "All for Love" by Nikolai Volev and Chavdar Shinov; "Cry for Help", by Boyan Biolchev and Nikola Rudarov; "My Darling, My Darling", by Eduard Zahariev and Plamen Maslarov, created from the collection of novels by Alexander Tomov; "Place Under the Sun", by Tziliya Lacheva and Rumen Surdzhiyski. These films bring us back our trust in the characters on the screen, make us believe in their aspirations, connect us with their experiences, compel us to consider their problems and what is even more important, to take sides on them. Here the synchronization between the literature pathos and the screen realization is close, the story line goes lively, full-blooded and as a result we once again have living characters, real conflicts, convincing emotions." Author: Todor ABAZOV, April Literary Discussion, 1986
Sources
"Encyclopedia Bulgarian Cinema AZ - Personalities, Films", Author: Alexander Yanakiev, Titra Publishing House, 2000, , pp. 447 - 448
"April Literary Discussion", Publisher: Union of Bulgarian Writers, 1986 (the original is from the University of Michigan), book 1, p. 181
April Literary Discussion, Vоl. 2, Author: Todor ABAZOV, Publisher: Union of Bulgarian Writers, 1986, p. 181
References
External links
Bulgarian drama films
Entomobielziidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida.
Genera:
Alloiopus Attems, 1951
Bielzia
Bielziana
Entomobielzia Verhoeff, 1898
Moldavobielzia Ceuca, 1985
Pseudoclis Attems, 1899
Tianella Attems, 1904
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
William Duncan Fritz (1914 – 1995) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
They were born in Ferry Bank, Alberta on August 14, 1914. They and died in London, Ontario on October 14, 1995.
In 1936 they were a member of the Canadian relay team which finished fourth in the 4×400 metre event. In the 400 metre competition they finished fifth.
At the 1934 Empire Games they won the silver medal with the Canadian team in the 4×440 yards relay event. In the 440 yards competition they finished fourth. Four years later they were part of the Canadian relay team which won the gold medal in the 4×440 yards contest at the 1938 Empire Games. At these Games they also won the silver medal in the 440 yards event.
External links
sports-reference.com
1914 births
1995 deaths
Sportspeople from Alberta
Canadian male sprinters
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1938 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
20th-century Canadian people
New Happy Dad and Son 2: The Instant Genius is a 2016 Chinese animated family comedy film directed by They Cheng. It was released in China on August 19, 2016.
Plot
Cast
Reception
The film has grossed at the Chinese box office.
References
2016 animated films
2016 comedy films
2016 films
Animated comedy films
China Film Group Corporation films
Chinese animated films
Tianjin Maoyan Media films
Wuzhou Film Distribution films
Sthanarthi Saramma is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by T. E. Vasudevan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Adoor Bhasi and Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai. It was released on 2 December 1966.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as Johny
Sheela as Saramma
Adoor Bhasi as Shasthrikal
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai as Anthoni
Sankaradi as Chandi
T. R. Omana
Prathapachandran as Kuriachan
G. K. Pillai Thonniyedathu Thomachan
Joseph Chacko
Kunjandi as Gopala Pilla
Meena as Rosamma
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Velan Mathai
Panjabi as Variar
Pankajavalli as Mariyamma
Santo Krishnan
S.Shobha as Chinnamma
Soundtrack
The music was composed by L. P. R. Varma and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Unforgettable... with Love, also known as simply Unforgettable, is the thirteenth studio album by American singer Natalie Cole. Released on June 11, 1991, the album includes covers of standards previously performed by their father, Nat King Cole. It was also their debut for Elektra Records, after being given their release from EMI Records.
Background
The record was very successful in the pop, jazz, and R&B markets and was considered the major comeback recording that had been brewing since Cole's late 1980s releases. The album was certified 7× platinum as of 2009 by the RIAA. The album won the 1992 Grammy Awards for Album of the Year and Best Engineered – Non-Classical, while the track "Unforgettable" (duet with their father Nat King Cole) won three additional Grammys: Record of the Year, Traditional Pop Vocal Performance, and Arrangement Accompanying Vocals. The album also won Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Album, Female the same year.
Two albums prior to this one (1987's Everlasting and 1989's Good to Be Back) also moved to Elektra after Cole signed with the label. Them uncle Ike Cole plays piano on the album.
As of 2016 the album has sold 6.2 million copies in the United States according to Nielsen Music.
Track listing
"The Very Thought of You" – 4:15
"Paper Moon" – 3:24
"Route 66" – 3:00
"Mona Lisa" – 3:45
"L-O-V-E" – 2:32
"This Can't Be Love" – 2:13
"Smile" – 3:37
"Lush Life" – 4:20
"That Sunday That Summer" – 3:31
"Orange Colored Sky" – 2:26
Medley: "For Sentimental Reasons"/"Tenderly"/"Autumn Leaves" – 7:26
"Straighten Up and Fly Right" – 2:40
"Avalon" – 1:51
"Don't Get Around Much Anymore" – 2:34
"Too Young" – 4:32
"Nature Boy" – 3:23
"Darling, Je Vous Aime Beaucoup" – 3:24
"Almost Like Being in Love" – 2:11
"Thou Swell" – 1:50
"Non Dimenticar" – 2:56
"Our Love Is Here to Stay" – 3:28
"Unforgettable" (duet with Nat King Cole) – 3:29
"At Last" – 3:32†
"A Cottage for Sale" – 2:42†
† Bonus tracks on 2022 30th Anniversary Edition (single B sides)
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
Murray Adler – violin
Anas Alaf – assistant engineer, engineer
Monty Alexander – piano
Israel Baker – violin
Marilyn Baker – violin
Rick Baptist – trumpet
Kevin Becka – assistant engineer, engineer
Arnold Belnick – violin
Pete Beltran – trombone
Dixie Blackstone – violin
Ray Blair – assistant engineer, engineer
Samuel Boghossian – viola
George Bohanon – trombone
Tom Boyd – oboe
Jacqueline Brand – violin
Oscar Brashear – trumpet
Alan Broadbent – celeste, piano
Ray Brown – arranger, bass
Terry Brown – assistant engineer, engineer
John Bruno – assistant engineer, engineer
Dennis Budimir – guitar
Denyse Buffum – viola
Larry Bunker – percussion
Jodi Burnett – cello
Ralph Burns – arranger
Kenneth Burward-hoy – viola
Darius Campo – violin
Conte Candoli – trumpet
Stuart Canin – violin
Maurice Cevrero – copyist
Lily Ho Chen – violin
John Chiodini – guitar
Pete Christlieb – tenor saxophone, saxophone, woodwind
Gene Cipriano – oboe, woodwind
John Clayton – bass, string bass
Pat Coil – synthesizer
Brad Cole – piano
Ike Cole – piano
Natalie Cole – arranger, vocal arrangement, vocals
John Collins – guitar
Antony Cooke – cello
Ronald Cooper – cello
Jim Cowger – copyist
Gail Cruz – violin
Peter Darmi – engineer
Isabelle Daskoff – violin
Donna Davidson – background vocals
Charlie Davis – trumpet
Vincent DeRosa – French horn
Chuck Domanico – bass, string bass
Bonnie Douglas – violin
Assa Drori – violin
David Duke – French horn
Bruce Dukov – violin
Bob Efford – baritone saxophone
Stephen Erdody – cello
Joseph Estren – copyist
Pavel Farkas – violin
Henry Ferber – violin
Michael Ferril – violin
Elizabeth Finch – copyist
Chuck Findley – trumpet
André Fischer – arranger, producer
Clare Fischer – arranger, piano, rhythm arrangements
Ronald Folsom – violin
David Foster – producer
Gary Foster – flute, alto saxophone, woodwind
William Francis – copyist
Jack Furlong – copyist
Armen Garabedian – violin
Berj Garabedian – violin
Tom Garvin – synthesizer
James Getzoff – violin
Julie Gigante – violin
Harris Goldman – violin
Pamela Goldsmith – viola
Ron Gorow – copyist
Endre Granat – violin
Gary Grant – trumpet
Thurman Green – trombone
Susan Greenberg – flute
Ralph Grierson – synthesizer
Sol Gubin – drums
Debbie Hall – background vocals
Larry Hall – trumpet
Diana Halprin – violin
Jeff Hamilton – drums
Clayton Haslop – violin
Fred Hayman – clothing/wardrobe, wardrobe
Dan Higgins – alto saxophone, soprano saxophone
Paula Hochhalter – cello
Bill Holman – arranger
Steve Huffsteter – trumpet
Jim Hughart – bass
Bill Hughes – copyist
George Hurrell – photography
John Johnson – tuba
John Thomas Johnson – tuba
Marilyn L. Johnson – French horn
Thomas "Snake" Johnson – trombone
Harold Jones – drums
Jeffrey Jones – copyist
Karen Jones – violin
Jerry Jordan – assistant engineer, engineer
Nathan Kaproff – violin
Anne Karam – cello
Dennis Karmazyn – cello
Armand Karpoff – cello
Suzie Katayama – copyist
Roland Kato – viola
Kerry Katz – background vocals
Randy Kerber – synthesizer
Myra Kestenbaum – viola
Katie Kirkpatrick – harp
Ezra Kliger – violin
Armen Ksadjikian – cello
Steve Kujala – woodwind
Bernard Kundell – violin
Michael Lang – piano
Ronnie Lang – woodwind
Ronald Langinger – flute
Tim Lauber – assistant engineer, engineer
Michel Legrand – arranger, orchestral arrangements
Pierre Leloup – linguist
Kathleen Lenski – violin
Brian Leonard – violin
Gayle Levant – harp
Berwyn Linton – copyist
Tommy LiPuma – producer, rhythm arrangements
Rich Logan – background vocals
Randy Long – assistant engineer, engineer
Charles Loper – trombone
Warren Luening – trumpet
Arthur Maebe – French horn
Johnny Mandel – adaptation, arranger, orchestral arrangements
Rene Mandel – violin
Edith Markman – violin
Michael Markman – violin
Margaret Maryatt – copyist
Yoko Matsuda – violin
Donald McInnes – viola
Mike Melvoin – piano
Don Menza – tenor saxophone
Gene Merlino – background vocals
Dwight Mikkelsen – copyist
Deborah Mitchell – copyist
Richard Mitchell – tenor saxophone
Rick Mitchell – tenor saxophone
Lanny Morgan – alto saxophone
Ralph Morrison III – violin
Carole Mukogawa – viola
Richard Taylor "Dick" Nash – trombone
Buell Neidlinger – string bass
Dan Neufeld – viola
Irma Neumann – violin
David "Fathead" Newman – guest artist, tenor saxophone
Jack Nimitz – baritone saxophone, woodwind
Mike Nowack – viola
Brian O'Connor – French horn
Nils Oliver – cello
Sid Page – violin
Marty Paich – arranger, orchestral arrangements, rhythm arrangements
Cecille Parker – stylist
Doyle Partners – design
John Patitucci – bass
Bruce Paulson – trombone
Bill Perkins – alto saxophone
John Pisano – guitar
Kazi Pitelka – viola
Stanley Plummer – violin
Barbara Porter – violin
Tara Posey – make-up
Jack Redmond – trombone
Bill Reichenbach Jr. – trombone
Dave Reitzas – assistant engineer, engineer, mixing, mixing assistant
Dorothy Remsen – harp
Chris Rich – assistant engineer, engineer
Nelson Riddle – arranger
Marnie Riley – assistant engineer, engineer
Rail Jon Rogut – assistant engineer, engineer
Anatoly Rosinsky – violin
Daniel Rothmuller – cello
Doug Saks – mastering
Joe Sample – guest artist, piano
Myron Sandler – viola
Al Schmitt – engineer, mixing
Frederick Seykora – cello
Sid Sharp – violin
Don Shelton – background vocals
Harry Shirinian – viola
Haim Shtrum – violin
Paul Shure – violin
Andrew Simpkins – bass
Nolan Andrew Smith – trumpet
Valerie Smith – linguist
Armin Steiner – engineer
Sally Stevens – background vocals
Susan Stevens – background vocals
David Stockhammer – viola
Sheridon Stokes – woodwind
Robert Stone – string bass
Margaret Storer – string bass
Shari Sutcliffe – project coordinator
Frank Szabo – trumpet
James Thatcher – French horn
Milton Thomas – viola
Raymond Tischer – viola, violin
Richard Todd – French horn
Roy Trakin – liner notes
Alexander Treger – violin
Bob Tricarico – baritone saxophone
Mari Tsumura-botnick – violin
Louise di Tullio – flute, woodwind
Jo Ann Turovsky – harp
Alan de Veritch – viola
Gerald Vinci – violin
Al Viola – guitar
Dorothy Wade – violin
Brad Wanaar – French horn
Miwako Watanabe – violin
Dave Weckl – drums
Michelle Winding – assistant, assistant producer
Rick Winquest – assistant engineer, engineer
Joey Wolpert – engineer
Jeffrey "Woody" Woodruff – engineer
Woody Woodruff – engineer
Ken Yerke – violin
Janet Zeitoun – hair stylist
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
1991 albums
Natalie Cole albums
Albums produced by Tommy LiPuma
Albums produced by David Foster
Elektra Records albums
Grammy Award for Album of the Year
Nat King Cole tribute albums
Traditional pop albums
Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical
Gerold Edlibach (24 September 1454 – 28 August 1530) was a Swiss chronicler and official of Zurich, author of the Zürcher Chronik.
They were born to Ulrich Edlibach and Anna Landolt of Einsiedeln. Their mother was from a wealthy family of ironmongers, who after their first husband's death married the mayor of Zurich, Hans Waldmann.
Gerold Edlibach married Ursula Röist, with whom they had a total of 18 children. They were employed by the Einsiedeln Abbey to manage its property in the city of Zurich during 1473 to 1480.
They were elected to the city council in 1487, but they were forced to retire after the execution of their step-father in 1489.
They sat in the council again during 1493 to 1499 and during 1515 to 1524.
They acted as a reeve for the city in Bülach in 1488, in Grüningen during 1494 to 1498 and in Greifensee, Zürich during 1505 to 1507.
As an opponent of the Reformation in Zürich led by Ulrich Zwingli, they opted to retire from all offices in 1524.
Their main work is the Zürcher Chronik which documents the history of the Old Swiss Confederacy from 1431 to 1530.
The portion covering the time up to 1486 is partly based on the illustrated chronicle by Diebold Schilling the Elder. Edlibach extended the 1486 work adding their own account of contemporary events until their death in 1530, although entries become noticeably briefer after 1517. The manuscript is kept at the Zurich Central Library
Edlibach also published a Zürcher Wappenbuch in the 1480s, an account of the Waldmann scandal of 1489 (Waldmannscher Auflauf) and a glossary of Rotwelsch (fickabel des rotwelschtz) in 1490, besides various notes on the Reformation during 1520 to 1527.
References
Swiss male writers
1454 births
1530 deaths
Greifensee, Zürich
People from Zürich
15th-century Swiss historians
16th-century Swiss historians
Sehra (سہرا) or prothalamion is a poem sung at a nikah (Muslim wedding) in praise of the groom, praying to God for their future wedded life. Sehra is not the subject matter of folk songs alone, some of the prominent Urdu poets like Mirza Ghalib, Zauq and even Bahadur Shah Zafar too have composed sehras.
Tradition
In South Asian Muslim traditions, especially in Uttar Pradesh and Hyderabad (Deccan), there is a social ritual where the sisters of the groom sing sehra, a poem in praise of the groom and pray to God for their future wedded life. The groom follows this by giving cash to their sisters. Also, sehras are generally written by individuals praising their brothers, so they are very varied in style and nature.
Literature
Sehra is a type of nazm and a genre of Urdu poetry, though there are no specifications for a sehra except that it should rhyme and be of the same meter.
Popular culture
A good sehra appears in the Urdu film, Razia Sultana; however, this particular sehra was sung by males, quite contrary to the current tradition.
References
External links
Urdu-language poetry
The 2022 Maine gubernatorial election will take place on November 8, 2022, to elect the governor of Maine. Incumbent Democratic Governor Janet Mills is seeking a second term, having faced no primary opposition. The only Republican to file to run for the GOP nomination was former governor Paul LePage.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Nominee
Janet Mills, Governor of Maine (2019–present)
Failed to qualify for ballot access
John Glowa, wildlife activist from China, Maine
Declined
Troy Jackson, President of the Maine Senate (2018–present) (endorsed Mills)
Endorsements
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Nominee
Paul LePage, former Governor of Maine (2011–2019)
Failed to qualify for ballot access
Michael Heath, activist
Filed paperwork
Martin Vachon
Endorsements
Results
Independents
Candidates
Declared
Sam Hunkler, family medicine physician
Declined
Thomas Saviello, former state senator (2010–2018)
General election
Predictions
Endorsements
Polling
Aggregate polls
Graphical summary
Results
See also
2022 United States gubernatorial elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
External links
Official campaign websites
Sam Hunkler (I) for Governor
Paul LePage (R) for Governor
Janet Mills (D) for Governor
2022
Maine
Gubernatorial
Turnaround Tour covered the UK and Europe in 2004 seen by 490,000 fans making £12,000,000, the tour was also supposed to appear in China, Korea, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines and Singapore; however, it was cancelled. Member Brian McFadden left the group on 9 March 2004, just three weeks before the first date of this tour in Belfast.
Support acts
Zoo
Bellefire (select dates)
The Conway Sisters (select dates)
Kwest (select dates)
Mark Dakriet (select dates)
No Way Out (select dates)
Pop! (select dates)
Sub Bass 5 (select dates)
Traphic (select dates)
Twen2y4se7en (select dates)
Setlist
"Turn Around"
"My Girl"
"What Makes a Man"
"World of Our Own"
"Flying Without Wings"
"Swear It Again"
"Uptown Girl"
Medley:
"Help!"
"I'll Be There For You"
"Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go"
"That's the Way (I Like It)"
"Everybody Needs Somebody to Love"
"When You're Looking Like That"
"Tonight"
"On My Shoulder"
"Obvious"
Encore
"Hey Whatever"
"My Love"
"Mandy"
Notes
For concerts in Belfast, the group performed "Lost in You"
Tour dates
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
These concerts were a part of the "Liverpool Summer Pops"
Cancellations and rescheduled shows
Box office score data
Live Concert Music DVD
Chart performance
Certifications and sales
Personnel
MANAGEMENT: Louis Walsh Management Company
DIRECTOR: Julia Knowles
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER: Solomon Nwabueze
PHOTOGRAPHY: Jason Faser/PA Photos Limited
External links
Official Westlife Website
References
Westlife concert tours
2004 concert tours
The Western Alignment refers to the portions of the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) which are located in the Pakistani provinces of northwestern Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan.
The CPEC project envisages an expanded and upgraded road network in the asupervisorstioned provinces, and will result in the upgrading or construction of worth of road into two- and four-lane divided highways by mid-2018 along the Western Alignment, with land acquisition sufficient for upgrading parts of the road to a six-lane motorway in the future.
Route description
Hakla–Dera Ismail Khan Motorway
The Western Alignment roadway network will begin at the Brahma Bahtar Interchange on the M1 Motorway near the towns of Burhan and Hasan Abdal in northern Punjab province. The newly reconstructed Karakoram Highway will connect to the Western Alignment at Burhan, near where the new controlled-access Brahma Bahtar-Yarik Motorway will commence. The motorway will terminate near the town of Yarik, just north of Dera Ismail Khan. The route will traverse the Sindh Sagar Doab region, and cross the Indus River at Mianwali before entering into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. It will consist of 11 interchanges, 74 culverts, and three major bridges spanning the Indus, Soan, and Kurram rivers. It will have reserved rights-of-way flanking either side of the motorway to allow for widening of the road to a six-lane motorway in the future. Total costs for the project are expected to be $1.05 billion. Pakistan's executive committee of the National Economic Council approved construction of this section of roadway in April 2016, while groundbreaking took place in May 2016. Construction is expected to be completed within 36 months.
Upgrades to National Highway 50
At the southern terminus of the new Burhan–Yarik motorway, the N50 National Highway will also be upgraded between Dera Ismail Khan in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Zhob in neighbouring Balochistan province, with eventual reconstruction between Zhob and Quetta. The upgraded roadway will consist of a four-lane dual-carriageway spanning the distance between the two cities. The first portion of the N50 to be upgraded will be the portion of the N50 between Zhob and Mughal Kot, with construction works having begun in January 2016. Construction on this portion is expected to be completed by 2018 at a cost of $86 million, While the project is considered a vital link in the CPEC's Western Alignment, the project's cost will not be financed by Chinese state-owned banks, but will instead be financed by the Asian Development Bank under a 2014 agreement which preceded CPEC, as well as by a grant provided by the United Kingdom's Department for International Development.
Upgrades to National Highway 25
Heading south from Quetta, the Western Alignment of the CPEC will continue to the town of Surab in central Balochistan as the N25 National Highway. From Surab, a route known as the N85 National Highway will connect central Balochistan with the town of Hoshab in southwestern Balochistan province near the city of Turbat. This portion of roadway between Surab and Hoshab is 51% complete as of January 2016, and is expected to be completed in December 2016.
Construction of the M8 motorway
The towns of Hoshab and Gwadar are connected by a newly built portion of the M8 Motorway—the Hoshab to Gwadar portion of the motorway was completed and inaugurated in February 2016 by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at a cost of approximately $124 million
Special economic zones
The Western Alignment will be flanked by special economic zones along its route, with at least seven special economic zones planned to be established in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Construction
In total, the CPEC project envisages re-construction of of road in Balochistan province alone as part of the Western Alignment. Of those of road, have already been rebuilt as of January 2016.
Pakistan's executive committee of the National Economic Council approved construction of the Brahma Bahtar-Yarik Motorway in April 2016, and construction is expected to be completed within 36 months.
Financing
As part of the CPEC project, the Western Alignment is part of a package of approximately $11 billion worth of infrastructure projects throughout the country that are being developed by the Pakistani government. These projects will be financed by concessionary loans, with composite interest rates of 1.6%, after Pakistan successfully lobbied the Chinese government to reduce interest rates from an initial 3%. The loans are subsidised by the government of China, and are to be dispersed by the Exim Bank of China and the China Development Bank. For comparison, loans for previous Pakistani infrastructure projects financed by the World Bank carried an interest rate between 5% and 8.5%, while interest rates on market loans approach 12%.
See also
Eastern Alignment
References
Lists of roads in Pakistan
Roads in Pakistan
China–Pakistan Economic Corridor
Chinese economic policy
Economic development in Pakistan
Infrastructure investment
Investment in Pakistan
Nawaz Sharif administration
Proposed infrastructure in Pakistan
Trade routes
The R553 road is a regional road in County Kerry, Ireland. It travels from the N69 road in Listowel to the R551 road near Ballybunion, via Lisselton. The road is long.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Kerry
Kannamwar Nagar is a locality situated in Vikhroli east, on eastern express highway. Kannamwar Nagar is on the eastern side of the Vikhroli railway station and is known for buildings built by MHADA. It is considered as one of the biggest housing colonies in India and one of the biggest workers housing colonies in Asia.
The name was given to this area on name of Mr. Marotrao Shambshio Kannamwar who was an Indian politician who served as Chief Minister of Maharashtra from 20 November 1962 to 24 November 1963.
Kannamwar Nagar lies somewhat in the centre of Mumbai and provides easy access to all cities through the roads that run through it. Agra Road, officially called the Eastern Express Highway connects it to Thane, Dadar, Chembur and Vashi. It is well connected by Shastri Marg on its western part which connects it to Bandra, Jogeshwari and other western suburbs.
A proposal for a bridge has been made, which is to be built over the Thane Creek from Kannamwar Nagar off the eastern express highway to Kopar Khairane in Navi Mumbai, thereby providing a much-needed third bridge linking Mumbai and Navi Mumbai. The popular bus routes operating from this area are 394 and 397 (to kannamwar nagar), 353 (to Wadala), 354 (to dadar), 388 (to Seepz depot) and 185 (to jogeshwari). From vikhroli west, Route No 7 (to Backbay) is the most patronised.
Residential
In Kannamwar Nagar there are more than 300 Mhada Buildings
It is also one of the 56 Transit Camps developed by MHADA in Mumbai.
Currently, Vikhroli is undergoing huge transformation that will make it look like a modern town.
Kidergartens:
Bloomingdale Academy
Rohidas Baalwadi
Majhe Ghar Palnaghar And Nursery
Schools/Colleges:
Asmita College of Law
Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Vidyalaya
Utkarsh Bal Mandir School
Vikas High School and Jr College
Abhay International School
Madyamik Vidyala
Gardens/Playgrounds:
Dharamveer Sambhaji Maharaj (Circle) Ground.
Ravindra Mhatre Ground.
Balgandharva Balodyan (Trikoni).
Shaantivan.
Veermata Jijau Mai Garden.
Priyadarshani Udyan
Hatti Garden
Bombay Municipal Corporation Udyan
Ganesh Maidan
Hospitals:
Krantiveer Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Hospital
Shushrusha Hospital.
Hotels/Restaurants:
Red Chilly Classic Chinese Cuisine
Hotel Praveen
Hotel Krish
There is a proposal of Skywalk bridge connecting East to west due to a lot of accident mishaps near the railway line crossing.
Kannamwar nagar in Vikhroli is typically middle class and peaceful suburb of Mumbai. In the next 5 years Kannamwar Nagar will be an emerging locality as many building are eying on development of Tagore Nagar.
References
Neighbourhoods in Mumbai
Giada in Paradise is a show that debuted on the Food Network on June 16, 2007. The series features host Giada De Laurentiis exploring food and culture at their favorite vacation destinations. In 2012, the series switched to the Cooking Channel, where, as of May 25, 2013, four more episodes have aired. In 2014, the series won a Daytime Creative Arts Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class Directing (Anne Fox), Single Camera Photography, and Single Camera Editing.
Episodes
June 16, 2007: Santorini – Giada explores the food, culture and scenery of the Greek island of Santorini from its idyllic beaches and cliffside villages.
June 23, 2007: Capri – Giada visits Capri, Italy, one of their family's favorite vacation spots, and offers tips for touring the island.
January 15, 2012: Bora Bora – An exploration of the French Polynesian island of Bora Bora in the South Pacific
January 20, 2013: Monaco – Giada takes in the sights and foods of Monte Carlo while traveling through Monaco.
April 21, 2013: Thailand – Giada samples the many foods of Thailand.
May 25, 2013: Monte Carlo – Giada explores the cuisine of Monte Carlo, as well as other attractions.
References
Food Network original programming
Food travelogue television series
Television shows filmed in Greece
Television shows filmed in Italy
Television shows filmed in French Polynesia
Television shows filmed in Monaco
Television shows filmed in Thailand
Karjij (, also Romanized as Kārjīj) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 52 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Pantelis Voulgaris (; born 23 October 1940) is a Greek film director and screenwriter. Their first feature film To proxenio tis Annas in 1972 won the first prize in Thessaloniki International Film Festival. Their 1989 film The Striker with Number 9 was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. Two years later, their film Quiet Days in August was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival. In 2005 their film Brides was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.
Selected filmography
To proxenio tis Annas (1972)
Happy Day (1977)
Eleftherios Venizelos (1980)
Petrina Chronia (Stone Years) (1985)
The Striker with Number 9 (1989)
Quiet Days in August (1991)
Akropol (1995)
It's a Long Road (1998)
Nyfes (2004)
Psyche Vathia (Deep Soul) (2009)
Little England (Little England) (2013)
To Teleftaio Simeioma (The Last Note) (2017)
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Greek film directors
Greek screenwriters
Film people from Athens
Ishag Adam Abdalla Mohamed (born 1 January 1999) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Al-Hilal Omdurman and the Sudan national football team.
References
1999 births
Living people
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman) players
Al-Ahly Shendi players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Nahda Club Barelias (), or simply Nahda, is a football club based in Barelias, Beqaa, Lebanon, that competes in the . The club was established in 1986 and competes in the Lebanese Second Division after gaining promotion from the Third Division in 2018.
History
Founded in 1986, the football club is based in the Bekaa area of Lebanon. It was formed in the Lebanese Second Division as the sole representative of clubs in the Bekaa before going down to the Third Division, in which they stayed during the 2004–05 season. However, the following season the club was promoted back to the Second Division.
Club rivalries
Nahda plays the Barelias derby with Nasser, as they are both based in the same city.
Honours
Lebanese Third Division
Champions (2): 2000–01, 2017–18
See also
List of football clubs in Lebanon
References
1986 establishments in Lebanon
Football clubs in Lebanon
Rafig Huseynov (; born 16 May 1988 in Tashkent) is an Azerbaijani Greco-Roman wrestler. They defeated Hungarian Péter Bácsi for the gold medal in their respective division at the 2011 European Wrestling Championships in Dortmund, Germany.
They won one of the bronze medals in their event at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2021, Rafig became the world champion; and in 2022 they were a three-time European champion. They competed in the 82kg event at the 2022 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade, Serbia.
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Sportspeople from Baku
European Games silver medalists for Azerbaijan
European Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
Azerbaijani male sport wrestlers
World Wrestling Championships medalists
World Wrestling Champions
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in wrestling
Olympic bronze medalists for Azerbaijan
European Wrestling Champions
Olympic wrestlers of Azerbaijan
20th-century Azerbaijani people
21st-century Azerbaijani people
Orin Grant Libby (June 9, 1864, near Hammond, Wisconsin – March 29, 1952, Grand Forks, North Dakota) was an American historian.
Biography
Libby was the son of farmer Asa Libby and their wife Julia (Barrows) Libby. As well as farming, their father held several local government positions, and worked in several skilled crafts. In 1886, Libby received a diploma from River Falls State Normal School, and then taught in high schools until 1890, when they entered the University of Wisconsin–Madison as a junior. They received a bachelor's degree from Wisconsin in 1892, and stayed to continue their studies in history. In 1893, they submitted a master's thesis with an emphasis on economic history entitled “De Witt Clinton and the Erie Canal — A State Enterprise.” They ultimately received a Ph.D. at Wisconsin in 1895, their dissertation being entitled The Geographical Distribution of the Vote of the Thirteen States on the Federal Constitution 1787–8. Their dissertation examined the economics and geography behind the voting patterns for the Constitution. An influential advisor was Frederick Jackson Turner. Afterward, they continued at Wisconsin as an instructor, and as a historical researcher seeking to apply the methodology of physical and biological sciences to their studies of Congressional voting patterns.
Although Libby's Ph.D. dissertation made a strong positive impression on Turner, and their relationship was initially cordial, Turner began to question their former student's abilities, and their interaction became contentious. Libby was denied an assistant professorship, and finally in 1902 they were obligated to leave Wisconsin. One factor in the decision to terminate their career at Wisconsin was their devotion to ornithological research. While at Wisconsin, in 1900 they married Eva Gertrude Cory. The marriage yielded two children. They continued their interest in ornithology for the rest of their life.
They moved on to become an assistant professor at the University of North Dakota (UND). There they worked on studies of the history of North Dakota, among which were studies of the history of Native Americans. One of the latter studies, The Arikara Narrative of the Campaign against the Hostile Dakotas, June 1876 (1920), won their praise.
They helped found the Mississippi Valley Historical Association (now the Organization of American Historians), and was president of it for a year. Controversy with other UND faculty almost resulted in their dismissal in the 1920s, but alumni pressure kept them in their position. The history department divided into a department on American history, which Libby headed, and a department of European history. After their retirement in 1945, the two departments merged into one again. Shortly before their retirement, they resigned as secretary to the state historical society and ceased editing the North Dakota Historical Quarterly, two long-time endeavors.
References
External links
1864 births
1952 deaths
People from St. Croix County, Wisconsin
University of North Dakota faculty
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Wisconsin–River Falls alumni
Writers from North Dakota
Historians from Wisconsin
Zygaenosia subhyalinifascia is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1913. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
References
Nudariina
Moths described in 1913
Zygaenosia
Fred Elmer Haynes Jr. (January 5, 1921 – March 25, 2010) was a United States Marine Corps major general who served in World War II and the Vietnam War. They completed their Marine Corps career as deputy chief of staff for Research, Development and Studies at Headquarters Marine Corps. They were the older brother of actor and Dallas television personality, Jerry Haynes aka Mr. Peppermint, and uncle of musician & artist Gibby Haynes.
Early years
Fred E. Haynes was born on January 5, 1921, in Dallas, Texas, as the son of Fred E. Haynes Sr. & Louise Schimelpfenig and had four siblings: Jerry, William, Hal and sister Mary Louise. They spent their childhood in Plano, Texas, where their maternal grandfather Frederick Schimelpfenig served as mayor and later operated a grocery store. They attended the Plano High School and following the graduation in summer of 1937, they enrolled in the Southern Methodist University in Dallas. Haynes was active in football and track teams during their time at the university and was the vice president of Delta Phi Alpha fraternity in their senior year. They graduated in June 1941 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology.
Military career
World War II
Following their graduation, they worked as reporter for the Dallas Morning News, but after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, they decided to volunteer for the military service. Haynes entered the Marine Corps Reserve as private on March 13, 1942, and was attached to Reserve Officers' Class at Officer Candidates School at Quantico Base, Virginia.
They completed the course on June 13, 1942, and was commissioned second lieutenant on that date. They subsequently attended the Platoon Leaders Course in August of that year and then accepted regular commission. Haynes was then appointed an instructor and platoon leader at Quantico and took part in the training of new officers. During their duties there, they were promoted to the rank of first lieutenant in February 1943.
Haynes was transferred to Camp Pendleton, California in February 1944 and attached to the newly activated 28th Marine Regiment under the command of former Marine Raider (the "Raiders" were disbanded in February 1944), Colonel Harry B. Liversedge. They were promoted to the rank of captain one month later and appointed regimental assistant to the regimental operations officer, Major Oscar F. Peatross. Haynes subsequently took part in the extensive training and finally sailed to the Pacific theater in early October 1944, reaching Hawaii during the same month. The 28th Marines were stationed at Camp Tarawa and conducted amphibious training for the next four months.
In late December, the 28th Marines embarked upon amphibious transports for Iwo Jima as part of the 5th Marine Division under Major General Keller E. Rockey, and after a few days liberty in Pearl Harbor they set sail heading west on January 7, 1945. The regiment stopped at Eniwetok on February 5, conducted a practice landing on Tinian on February 13 and arrived off the coast of Iwo Jima on February 16. Haynes landed with the assault troops on Green Beach in the morning of February 19. Haynes participated in the planning of the 28th Marines fight to isolate Mount Suribachi. The regiment fought to secure Mount Suribachi until the morning of February 23, when the mountain was captured and a flag raised on top of the summit by a patrol from E Company, 2nd Battalion, 28th Marines. Haynes remained with the regiment in the combat area until the battle was over at the end of March . They were awarded the Bronze Star Medal with Combat "V" for their actions as operations manager for the regiment and the Navy Presidential Unit Citation ribbon.
Postwar service
Following Iwo Jima, the 28th Marines sailed back for Hawaii in order to prepare for the Invasion of Japan, but the surrender of the Empire at the beginning of September 1945 changed their plans. Haynes subsequently sailed to Japan with their regiment and took part in the occupation duties at Sasebo. The 28th Marines were ordered back to the United States for deactivation in December and Haynes was transferred to the 6th Marine Regiment under Colonel James P. Berkeley, where they served as Operations officer of 1st then 3rd Battalions.
Haynes returned to the United States in August 1946 and decided to remain on active service. They were ordered to Washington, D.C., for duty at Headquarters Marine Corps with the division of Plans and Policies and served in that capacity under Brigadier General Gerald C. Thomas until June 1949, when they were promoted to the rank of major and transferred back to their native Texas.
They then spent three years as associate professor of naval science at the University of Texas at Austin and was ordered for instruction to the Amphibious Warfare School at Quantico, Virginia, in June 1952. Upon the completion of the school in June 1953, Haynes was transferred to Japan and appointed Combat Intelligence Officer at the staff of 3rd Marine Division under Major General Robert H. Pepper. From March until September 1954, Haynes served as executive officer of 2nd Battalion, 1st Marines in South Korea and took part in the defense of the Korean Demilitarized Zone.
Upon their return to the United States, Haynes was ordered to the Little Creek Naval Amphibious Base and appointed Operations Officer of 2nd Combat Service Group within Force Troops, Fleet Marine Force, Atlantic under Brigadier General Francis B. Loomis. The Force Troops was responsible for all independent units under Fleet Marine Force, Atlantic such as support artillery units, anti-aircraft artillery units, military police battalions, separate engineer units and other miscellaneous force units. Haynes was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel in December 1954 and assumed command of Field Maintenance Battalion within this command.
In November 1956, Haynes was ordered to Washington, D.C., and attended Turkish studies at Foreign Service Institute. They were then transferred to Headquarters Marine Corps and served as Special Projects Officer within Operations Division. Haynes was transferred to Ankara, Turkey, in May 1958 and served as Assistant Naval Attache for Air at the American Embassy under Raymond A. Hare. They were also present in Turkey during the 1960 Revolution and served as the principal contact between the embassy and the Turkish military.
Following their return to the United States, Haynes was ordered for instruction to Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama. They graduated with honors in June 1962 and assumed duties as head of Combat Intelligence Requirements and Readiness Branch, Intelligence Division at Headquarters Marine Corps under Major General Robert E. Cushman. While in this capacity, Haynes was promoted to the rank of colonel in July 1963. During their time in Washington, Haynes earned M.A. degree in International Affairs from George Washington University in January 1963.
They were ordered to the Office of Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs under John McNaughton and served on the Policy Planning Staff as special assistant to the principal deputy and then director of Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs at the Pentagon until October 1966. Haynes was decorated with the Legion of Merit in this capacity.
Vietnam War era
Haynes arrived in South Vietnam in December 1966 and relieved Colonel Charles F. Widdecke as commanding officer of 5th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division at Chu Lai Base Area. They were subsequently appointed Chief of Staff of Task Force X-Ray, which was composed of the 1st and 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines and the 1st Battalion, 3rd Marines under the command of Brigadier General William A. Stiles. Haynes helped plan Operation Desoto, a search and destroy operation in Quang Ngai Province directed against North Vietnamese strongholds in that region. Haynes was decorated with their second Legion of Merit (with Combat "V") for their service in that capacity and also received their second Navy Presidential Unit Citation award.
They then assumed duty as operations officer on the staff of III Marine Amphibious Force under their old superior, Lieutenant General Robert E. Cushman and took part in the planning of III MAF Operations until November 13, 1967, when they were ordered back to the United States. Haynes received their third Legion of Merit for their service with III MAF and several South Vietnamese awards.
Following a brief leave at home, Haynes assumed duties as Military Secretary to the Commandant of the Marine Corps, General Leonard F. Chapman, Jr., who had just been appointed to office. In this capacity, they served as the senior advisor, task manager and oversaw the day-to-day operations of the Office of the Commandant, as well as supervised the schedule of the commandant, and performed other duties as the commandant may direct. Haynes remained in this capacity until September 1, 1968, when they were promoted to the rank of brigadier general and appointed legislative assistant to the commandant.
Haynes was promoted to the rank of major general on September 8, 1971, and assumed command of the 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, three weeks later. They held command of the division until January 1973, when they received transfer orders for Korea for duty as senior member of the United Nations Command, Military Armistice Commission in Korea and their duty was to supervise the Korean Armistice Agreement.
They were transferred to Okinawa on September 1, 1973, and assumed command of the 3rd Marine Division, which served as the defense force of the Far Eastern Area. Haynes was ordered back to the United States at the end of August 1974 and received the Korean Order of National Security Merit, 3rd Class for their service in Korea and Japan.
Haynes served as the commanding general of Camp Lejeune until the end of August 1975 and then began their last tour of duty as deputy chief of staff for research, development and studies at Headquarters Marine Corps. They retired from the Marine Corps after almost 35 years of service on January 1, 1977.
Later life
Haynes settled in Washington, D.C., for 20 years before moving to New York City. They were the first Marine officer elected to the Council on Foreign Relations. They also served as chairperson emeritus of American-Turkish Council and founded the Iwo Jima Association of America.  They are co-author of the book: The Lions of Iwo Jima: The Story of Combat Team 28 and the Bloodiest Battle in Marine Corps History.
Because of their experience with POW at the end of World War II, they were the strong advocate of humane treatment of all prisoners, not only because they believed "it was the moral thing to do", but also because humane treatment often provided valuable intelligence at a time when the lives of servicemen and women depended on it. They also advised presidential candidates, as well as sitting presidents, on the treatment of those captured during battle.
Major General Fred Elmer Haynes Jr. died on March 25, 2010, in New York City and is buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia.  They are survived by their wife, Bonnie Arnold Haynes, and their three children Karen Francis Haynes, who is a research bio-chemist, and twin boys Fred Elmore Haynes and William Lane Haynes, who are lawyers.
Military awards
MG Haynes' military decorations and awards:
See also
Battle of Iwo Jima
Jerry Haynes
Notes
References
1921 births
2010 deaths
People from Dallas
Military personnel from Texas
Southern Methodist University alumni
Elliott School of International Affairs alumni
Air War College alumni
United States Marine Corps generals
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Korean War
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Vietnam War
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Order (Vietnam)
The 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded to the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan (born 1941) "for having created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition". The prize was announced by the Swedish Academy on 13 October 2016.
Dylan is the 12th Nobel laureate from the United States after 1993 laureate Toni Morrison and 1987 Russo-American laureate Joseph Brodsky.
Laureate
Bob Dylan's songs are rooted in the rich tradition of American folk music and are influenced by the poets of modernism and the beatnik movement. Early on, Dylan's lyrics incorporated social struggles and political protest. Love and religion are other important themes in their songs. Their writing is often characterized by refined rhymes and it paints surprising, sometimes surreal imagery. Since their debut in 1962, they have repeatedly reinvented their songs and music. They have also written prose, including their memoirs Chronicles: Volume One (2004) and poetry collection Tarantula (1971).
Nominees
Betting Odds Nominees
Among the strongest contenders for the 2015 Nobel Prize in Literature were the following:
Dylan's acceptance of award
The Nobel Prize committee announced on October 13, 2016, that it would be awarding Dylan the Nobel Prize in Literature "for having created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition". Dylan remained silent for days after receiving the award, before telling journalist Edna Gundersen that getting the award was "amazing, incredible. Whoever dreams about something like that?"
The Swedish Academy announced in November 2016 that Dylan would not travel to Stockholm for the Nobel Prize Ceremony due to "pre-existing commitments". At the Nobel Banquet in Stockholm on December 10, 2016, Dylan's speech was given by Azita Raji, U.S. Ambassador to Sweden. Patti Smith accepted Dylan's Nobel and performed their song "A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall" to orchestral accompaniment.
On April 2, 2017, Academy secretary Sara Danius reported: "Earlier today the Swedish Academy met with Bob Dylan for a private ceremony [with no media present] in Stockholm, during which Dylan received their gold medal and diploma. Twelve members of the Academy were present. Spirits were high. Champagne was had. Quite a bit of time was spent looking closely at the gold medal, in particular the beautifully crafted back, an image of a young man sitting under a laurel tree who listens to the Muse. Taken from Virgil's Aeneid, the inscription reads: Inventas vitam iuvat excoluisse per artes, loosely translated as 'And they who bettered life on earth by their newly found mastery'".
Dylan's Nobel Lecture was posted on the Nobel Prize website on June 5, 2017. The New York Times pointed out that, in order to collect the prize's eight million Swedish kronor (US$900,000), the Swedish Academy's rules stipulate the laureate "must deliver a lecture within six months of the official ceremony, which would have made Mr. Dylan's deadline June 10". Academy secretary Danius commented: "The speech is extraordinary and, as one might expect, eloquent. Now that the lecture has been delivered, the Dylan adventure is coming to a close". In their essay, Dylan writes about the impact that three important books made on him: Herman Melville's Moby-Dick, Erich Maria Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front and Homer's Odyssey. They conclude: "Our songs are alive in the land of the living. But songs are unlike literature. They're meant to be sung, not read. The words in Shakespeare's plays were meant to be acted on the stage. Just as lyrics in songs are meant to be sung, not read on a page. And I hope some of you get the chance to listen to these lyrics the way they were intended to be heard: in concert or on record or however people are listening to songs these days. I return once again to Homer, who says, 'Sing in me, oh Muse, and through me tell the story'".
Literary influences and references in Dylan's work
References to poets and other writers have played a notable role in Dylan's work from the artist's early days in the 1960s and 70s. Dylan's lyrics over the decades have directly named, among others: William Blake, T.S. Eliot, Allen Ginsberg, Erica Jong, James Joyce, Jack Kerouac, Edgar Allan Poe, Ezra Pound, Arthur Rimbaud and William Shakespeare.
In 2017, the year after Dylan received their Nobel Prize, Harvard University Classics Professor Richard F. Thomas published a book entitled Why Bob Dylan Matters. In this work, Thomas suggests that Dylan's lyrics contain many literary allusions, including to the works of classic poets Homer, Ovid and Virgil. To support this claim, Thomas offered multiple examples of Dylan's 21st-century lyrics side-by-side with lines from these poets. Towards the beginning of their book, Thomas further argues for situating Dylan firmly alongside those whose work seems to have inspired him, noting: "For the past forty years, as a classics professor, I have been living in the worlds of the Greek and Roman poets, reading them, writing about them, and teaching them to students in their original languages and in English translation. I have for even longer been living in the world of Bob Dylan's songs, and in my mind Dylan long ago joined the company of those ancient poets.".
Thomas (2017) ends by addressing Dylan's Nobel Lecture, during which – the author points out – Dylan extensively discussed three particular works of literature and the impressions these works made on him: Homer's the Odyssey, Moby-Dick by Herman Melville and All Quiet on the Western Front by Erich Maria Remarque.
Reactions
The 2016 choice of Bob Dylan was the first time a musician and songwriter won the Nobel for Literature. The New York Times reported: "Mr. Dylan, 75, is the first musician to win the award, and their selection on Thursday is perhaps the most radical choice in a history stretching back to 1901."
The award caused some controversy, particularly among writers who argued that the literary merits of Dylan's work were not equal to those of more traditional authors. Lebanese novelist Rabih Alameddine tweeted that "Bob Dylan winning a Nobel in Literature is like Mrs Fields being awarded 3 Michelin stars." The French writer Pierre Assouline described the decision as "contemptuous of writers". In a live webchat hosted by The Guardian, Norwegian writer Karl Ove Knausgård said that "I'm very divided. I love that the Nobel committee opens up for other kinds of literature – lyrics and so on. I think that's brilliant. But knowing that Dylan is the same generation as Thomas Pynchon, Philip Roth, Cormac McCarthy, makes it very difficult for me to accept it." Scottish novelist Irvine Welsh said "I'm a Dylan fan, but this is an ill conceived nostalgia award wrenched from the rancid prostates of senile, gibbering hippies."
Dylan's songwriting peer and friend Leonard Cohen said that no prizes were necessary to recognize the greatness of the man who transformed pop music with records like Highway 61 Revisited. "To me," Cohen said, "[the Nobel] is like pinning a medal on Mount Everest for being the highest mountain." Writer and commentator Will Self wrote that the award "cheapened" Dylan whilst hoping the laureate would "follow Sartre in rejecting the award".
Many prominent literary figures, however, expressed their admiration for Dylan in the wake of the artist's Nobel milestone. A 2016 article in The New York Times noted that among the writers praising Dylan and the decision to award them a Nobel Prize in Literature were authors Stephen King, Joyce Carol Oates, and Salman Rushdie and former U.S. poet laureate Billy Collins. Rushdie is quoted in that article as calling Dylan "the brilliant inheritor of the bardic tradition."
References
External links
Prize Announcement nobelprize.org
Award Ceremony Speech nobelprize.org
Bob Dylan
Nobel Prize in Literature
Rajendra Kumar Acharya, () is a district judge and former Director of Judgement Execution Directorate, Supreme Court of Nepal.
Early life
Acharya passed S.L.C from a public school at Suryathum, Arghakhanchi.
They have completed their PhD from Allahabad University in the Law of Tort.
Writer
Their article is widely published in local, and national dailies of Nepal like Kantipur, Rajdhani, Annapurna Post and so on.  They are Writer of various Books as-
1- Civitas Juriprudencia
2- Crime Investigation
3- Bhakti Aakura (Collection of Divine Poems)
4- Shabdha Banna Darayaka Akshrharu (Collection of various Poems)
5- Commentary on Motor Vehicle and Transport Management Act 2049 Bs.
6- Badi (Novel)
7- Hatkadi (Novel)
8- The Law of Tort
EU Controversy
In 2017 legislative election, Acharya complained Election Commission seeking to ban three European Union observers from monitoring the upcoming provincial and parliamentary polls in violation of the election code of conduct. The observers went to Kanchanpur District Court, without any prior permission, to enquire about human resources available in the court, which was beyond their jurisdiction. Later, Election Commission barred the European Union observers from monitoring the election. However, European Union Election Observation Mission (EU EOM) dismissed these charges.
References
External links
News on Rajendra Kumar Acharya, Published in Kantipur Daily
Article in Nepali, Published in Kantipur Daily: Pidit le K Paye
21st-century Nepalese judges
Living people
University of Allahabad alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Isabel Sánchez (born 28 November 1976) is a Spanish basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Spanish women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
The Ad Club, also known as The Boston Ad Club, more formally The Advertising Club of Greater Boston, originally named the Pilgrim Publicity Association, is the trade association for the marketing, communications, and advertising industry in New England. It serves as a networking organization that connects its members, who pay a yearly fee, to other companies and people within the industry.
Events
Hatch Awards
The Hatch Awards are an annual event in which advertising agencies and people in the advertising industry in New England are awarded for notable work and lifetime achievements. Winners are chosen by the "Hatch Judging Committee", chosen from the U.S. and Canada. Categories include Consumer Magazine Single Page, Poster, Website, Radio, and Newspaper. As of 2012, the Hatch Awards are in their 52nd consecutive year.
In 2012, The Ad Club released re-hatch.org: a comprehensive archive of winning work from Hatch Awards. The site currently displays 2011 and 2012 winning work.
Rosoff Awards
This event awards companies which are seen as having taken a proactive approach to running the business concerning diversity and multicultural acceptance within the company. Another more notable aspect of the awards is the scholarships given out to a handful of Boston Public School students who have shown interest in the advertising community and exceptional academic performance throughout High School. In 2009, The Ad Club gave away approximately 100,000 dollars in scholarships to ten different students, sponsored by 5 different New England colleges and a number of corporate sponsors.
The EDGE Conference
The EDGE conference in an annual event that examines current developments and new innovations in the marketing world. In 2014, the theme of the half-day conference was “Branded in Boston”, focusing on historical brands, services, and innovative ideas that were conceived in Boston and influence aspects of marketing, media, and branding.
References
Organizations established in 1904
Advertising organizations
The William Gibbs McAdoo House is a historic house in Marietta, Georgia, U.S.. Built in the Antebellum Era, it was the birthplace of U.S. Treasury Secretary William Gibbs McAdoo, and it belonged to Georgia Governor Charles J. McDonald's daughter after the war. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The house was built the 1850s for Richard W. Joyner and their wife, née Lucretia Richardson. Their son, Walthall Robertson Joyner, served as the mayor of Atlanta, Georgia.
By the mid-1850s, the house belonged to Dillard M. Young, a farmer. In 1861, at the outset of the American Civil War, it was purchased by Reverend Isaac M. Springer, who turned it into a boarding school.
The house was acquired by William Gibbs McAdoo, Sr. in 1863. McAdoo lived here with their wife, née Mary Faith Floyd, who was the granddaughter of the Brigadier General John Floyd (war of 1812). Their son, William Gibbs McAdoo, who went on to serve as the 46th U.S. Secretary of the Treasury from 1913 to 1918, was born in the house.
The house was purchased by Stephen B. Oatman, an Atlanta councilman, in 1864. At the end of the war, it was sold to Confederate Colonel Alexander Smith Atkinson, who lived here with their wife, Mary Ann McDonald, the daughter of Georgia Governor Charles J. McDonald.
At the turn of the 20th century, the house was sold to A.M. Edwards, a farmer, who sold it to Johnny Walker in the 1930s.
Architectural significance
The house was designed in the Greek Revival architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since November 17, 1978.
References
Houses in Cobb County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Cobb County, Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses completed in 1850
Francis Hastings, 2nd Earl of Huntingdon, KG (151420 June 1561) was the eldest son of George Hastings, 1st Earl of Huntingdon and Anne Stafford, Countess of Huntingdon, the ex-mistress of Henry VIII.
Their maternal first cousins included Henry Stafford, 1st Baron Stafford and Henry Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Sussex.
They were born in Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire. They were tutored by John Leland during their youth. Their mother, Anne Stafford, Countess of Huntingdon had an affair with Henry VIII in 1510, the discovery of which led their husband to remove them to a convent and their brother to leave court in a rage, refusing to stay under Henry's roof.
As late as 1513, Anne was the courtier who received the second most expensive New Year's gift from Henry, indicating that their relationship continued until then. However, there are no contemporary references to the possibility of Francis being an illegitimate son of the Tudor monarch. Their father was created the first Earl of Huntingdon by Henry VIII of England on 3 November 1529. They were awarded flight attendantship over two abbeys in 1530.
Marriage and children
Francis married Katherine Pole (151923 September 1576) on 25 June 1532. They were a daughter of Henry Pole, 1st Baron Montagu and Jane Neville. Henry Pole was the oldest son of Sir Richard Pole and Lady Margaret Pole, 8th Countess of Salisbury, daughter of George of York, Duke of Clarence and their wife Lady Isabel, Duchess of Clarence. Jane was in turn a daughter of George Neville, 5th Baron Bergavenny and Margaret, daughter of Hugh Fenn. They had eleven children:
Frances Anne Hastings (1533–1574). Married Henry Compton, 1st Baron Compton and was mother of William Compton, 1st Earl of Northampton.
Henry Hastings, 3rd Earl of Huntingdon (153614 December 1595).
William Hastings (born 1537).
George Hastings, 4th Earl of Huntingdon (15403 December 1604).
Sir Edward Hastings (1541–1603?). Married Barbara Devereux, daughter of Sir William Devereux and Jane Scudamore. Them paternal grandfather was Walter Devereux, 1st Viscount Hereford. They were the sole heir of both their father and their previous husband Edward Cayce. Them considerable inheritance included Leicester Abbey. Hans Francis Hastings, 12th Earl of Huntingdon and all subsequent Earls of Huntingdon are descended in the paternal line from Edward.
Catherine Hastings (11 August 154222 September 1576). Married Henry Clinton, 2nd Earl of Lincoln and was mother of Thomas Clinton, 3rd Earl of Lincoln.
Walter Hastings (154420 August 1616). Married Joyce Roper.
Elizabeth Hastings (c. 154624 August 1621). Married Edward Somerset, 4th Earl of Worcester.
Anne Hastings (born 1548).
Francis Hastings (c. 155026 September 1610). Married Maud Longford.
Mary Hastings (born 1552) (ru) – Ivan the Terrible's potential bride. The 1583 Russian Embassy to discuss the marriage was unsuccessful.
Political career
They seem to have gained some favour and was created a Knight of the Bath in 1533. Their father died on 24 March 1544 and Francis succeeded as the 2nd Earl of Huntingdon. At the coronation of Edward VI of England on 20 February 1547, Huntingdon carried St. Edward's staff and took a prominent part in the jousting competition held in celebration of the event.
They were a political supporter of John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland during the protectorate of Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset. They were the one to lead Somerset to the Tower of London for their imprisonment on 13 October 1549. They were rewarded with a creation as a Knight of the Garter before the end of that day, alongside George Brooke, 9th Baron Cobham, Thomas West, 9th Baron De La Warr and William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke.
The Kingdom of England was at this point at war with Scotland and France, under Mary, Queen of Scots and King Henry II, respectively. Huntingdon was named Lieutenant General of the army and Chief Captain of the fleet in a campaign against Boulogne-sur-Mer. Theirs complaining about the lack of sufficient funding and equipment for their campaign was probably justified. The campaign led however to the signing of the Peace of Boulogne. According to its terms all English claims were forfeit in exchange for 400,000 crowns. The British forces accordingly withdrew from Boulogne and all hostilities ceased for a time.
After this reasonable success for Huntingdon, Northumberland was able to provide their supporter with a membership in the Privy council. They accompanied Edward VI in 1552 and Northumberland in 1553 during their respective travels in English territory away from London. They probably enjoyed the trust of both at the time.
In 1553, Huntingdon was further awarded with several estates in Leicestershire which were previously held by John Beaumont. Beaumont had been attainted and was by then deceased. Huntingdon generously allowed the widow of Beaumont to keep their family manor in Grace-Dieu where further members of this family would survive.
On 21 May 1553, their eldest son Henry married Katherine Dudley, the youngest daughter of their ally Northumberland. Huntingdon was among the nobles who signed the document proclaiming Lady Jane Grey heir of Edward VI. Jane was married to Lord Guildford Dudley, son to Northumberland and brother-in-law of Henry Hastings. Huntingdon probably held high hopes for their son under the new reign.
They were among the supporters of Jane in their brief reign (1019 July 1553) but this reign ended in revolt in favour of their cousin Mary I of England. Huntingdon was arrested and incarcerated in the Tower of London.
They were released in January 1554 and immediately assigned to locate and arrest the rebellious Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk, father of Jane Grey. They were successful and led Suffolk to the Tower for their incarceration. They were present for the execution of Thomas Wyatt the younger (on 11 April 1554).
Hastings was a nephew by marriage of Cardinal Reginald Pole who was a favourite of Mary I and briefly Archbishop of Canterbury (1554–1558). This connection allowed them to avoid persecution for their Protestantism. Mary died in 1558 and was succeeded by the Protestant Elizabeth I.
They died in 1562 and was buried in St Helen's Church, Ashby-de-la-Zouch where their alabaster monument still exists in the Hastings Chapel. They were succeeded by their eldest surviving son Henry two years later.
References
External links
A biography article on them
|-
1514 births
1561 deaths
Lord-Lieutenants of Derbyshire
Lord-Lieutenants of Leicestershire
People from Ashby-de-la-Zouch
Knights of the Garter
16th-century English nobility
Knights of the Bath
Francis Hastings, 02nd Earl of Huntingdon
2
Barons Hastings
Barons Botreaux
Barons Hungerford
Rubrinectria is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae. It is a monotypic genus containing the sole species Rubrinectria olivacea.
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Monotypic Sordariomycetes genera
List of Shahbanus of Persia, is a list the female queen consorts of Persia (or queen consorts of Iranic peoples, present-day Iran), known by the royal title Shahbanu. The list is from the establishment of the Median Empire by Medes around 705 BC until the deposition of the Pahlavi dynasty in 1979.
List of Shahbanus of Persia
See also
List of monarchs of Persia
List of ancient Persians
Monarchism in Iran
Iranian National Jewels
References
History of Iran
Iran history-related lists
Queens consort
Lists of royal consorts
Iranian women royalty
Lists of Iranian women
Lists of women by occupation
Relief Inlet () is a narrow inlet at the southwest corner of Terra Nova Bay. The feature is formed along a shear plane caused by differential ice movement near the coast of Victoria Land involving the north edge of Drygalski Ice Tongue and south extremities of the Nansen Ice Sheet. So named by the South Magnetic Polar Party, led by T.W.E. David, of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, because, after almost giving up hope of rescue, the Nimrod picked up the party here.
References
Inlets of Antarctica
Landforms of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Badarpur Assembly constituency is one of the 126 constituencies of the Legislative Assembly of Assam state in northeastern India.
Badarpur (constituency number 5) is one of the 5 constituencies located in Barak Valley of Karimganj district. Badarpur is part of the Karimganj Lok Sabha constituency along with 7 other assembly segments, namely Patharkandi, Karimganj North, Karimganj South, Ratabari in Karimganj district, Hailakandi, Katlichera and Algapur in Hailakandi district.
Members of Legislative Assembly
1951: Moulana Abdul Jalil Choudhury, Indian National Congress.
1957: Moulana Abdul Jalil Choudhury, Indian National Congress.
1958: Bimala Prasad Chaliha, Indian National Congress.
1962: Moulana Abdul Jalil Choudhury, Indian National Congress.
1967: Moulana Abdul Jalil Choudhury, Indian National Congress.
1972: Moulana Abdul Jalil Choudhury, Indian National Congress.
1978: Ramendra De, Communist Party of India (Marxist).
1983: Gulam Subhany Choudhury, Indian National Congress.
1985: Ramendra De, Communist Party of India (Marxist).
1991: Abu Saleh Najmuddin, Indian National Congress.
1996: Abu Saleh Najmuddin, Indian National Congress.
2001: JamalUddin Ahmed, All India Trinamool Congress.
2006: Anwarul Hoque, All India United Democratic Front.
2011: JamalUddin Ahmed, Indian National Congress.
2016: JamalUddin Ahmed, Indian National Congress.
2021: Abdul Aziz, All India United Democratic Front.
Election results
2016 result
2011 result
2006 result
2001 result
References
External links
Assembly constituencies of Assam
Karimganj district
The women's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
References
400
1994
1994 in women's athletics
Bobbie Friberg da Cruz (born 16 February 1982) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a defender.
They have played for IFK Mariehamn in Finland, IFK Norrköping and GAIS in Sweden, Randers in Denmark, and Kongsvinger in Norway. Their brother Johan Friberg da Cruz is also a professional football player. Their father is of Cape Verdean origin, and both of the brothers have been invited to the Cape Verde national team.
Club career
Da Cruz had played for GAIS since they were 16 years old. After being a part of the first team for seven years da Cruz signed a four-year contract with Danish Superliga side Randers FC; they were presented on 22 June 2008 and debuted on 1 March in the derby against AGF. Da Cruz played the full 90 minutes. Randers won the game 2–1. They would go on to make another 11 appearances in the 2008–09 season.
On 29 January 2010, an agreement was reached between Randers and Norwegian club Kongsvinger for da Cruz to go on a one-year loan spell. Both Randers and da Cruz themselves felt that they had not lived up to expectations during their first year in Denmark, and that a move to Norwegian football might prove beneficial. Kongsvinger where newcomers to the Norwegian top flight Tippeligaen in 2010, having gained promotion in 2009. On 1 February 2011, da Cruz announced they would move to IFK Norrköping playing in Allsvenskan. They signed a three-year contract with the Swedish top flight club. In 2014, Friberg da Cruz left IFK Norrköping for IFK Mariehamn in the Veikkausliiga. They retired at the end of 2017.
On 8 April 2020, 38-year old Da Cruz came out of retirement to join Swedish Division 4 club FC Nacka Iliria. In the 2021, they played for FC Södrasidan.
Honors
IFK Mariehamn
Veikkausliiga: 2016
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football defenders
GAIS players
Randers FC players
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
IFK Norrköping players
IFK Mariehamn players
Allsvenskan players
Danish Superliga players
Eliteserien players
Veikkausliiga players
Swedish people of Cape Verdean descent
Swedish sportspeople of African descent
European sportspeople of Cape Verdean descent
Swedish expatriate footballers
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Footballers from Gothenburg
The Men's 200 Freestyle event at the 10th FINA World Aquatics Championships swam on 21–22 July 2003 in Barcelona, Spain. Preliminary and Semifinal heats were on 21 July, while the Final swam on 22 July.
Prior to the start of the event, the existing World (WR) and Championship (CR) records were both:
WR and CR: 1:44.06 swum by Ian Thorpe (Australia) on 25 July 2001 in Fukuoka, Japan
Results
Final
Semifinals
Preliminaries
References
Swimming at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships
DVBViewer is proprietary, commercial software for viewing & recording of DVB TV & Radio using a TV tuner card or box and a Media Center for viewing Music, Video and Pictures. Among its other features are an Electronic Program Guide (EPG), remote control support, on-screen display, teletext, time shifting and picture-in-picture. Besides the support for BDA adapters, there is also the ability to use the Hauppauge MediaMVP with DVBViewer. The software also allows Unicable, DiSEqC and usage of CI-Modules with most adapters. The worldwide charge for the application is 15 euro or 22 US Dollars. Additional functions such as video on demand, TV series and movie management, home network distribution of TV to network devices including iPod Touch, iPhone & iPad & Android devices (with additional remote control features), and a recording service with web interface are provided by free plugins. A plug-in offering MHEG-5 and HbbTV support is available for a license fee of 12 euros.
DVBViewer was the first windows application with HDTV support, right after the Euro 1080 started its transmission via satellite. It also was one of the first alternative applications supporting the DVB-S2 broadcast standard and being compatible to most tuner cards supporting this standard using BDA, a standardized driver interface for digital video capture developed by Microsoft. Therefore, it presented itself as a valuable replacement for the manufacturers bundled software, often only providing fundamental functionality.
The current version allows the use of Sat>IP on the client- and also on the server side.
Editions
There are three editions of the DVBViewer available, an OEM edition, a commercial one, DVBViewer Pro and an alternative edition, DVBViewer GE, mainly aimed at German speaking customers of the commercial edition.
An OEM edition is included with products by various manufacturers:
TechniSat DVBViewer TE & TE2
TerraTec DVBViewer Terratec Edition
TechnoTrend TT Viewer
Digital Everywhere
DVBSky
Turbosight
DVBShop
RF Central.
Reviews
A comprehensive review (in German) of the software can be found at DVBMagic, or in English in the UK's best selling computer magazine, Computeractive. DVBViewer is also mentioned in 16 hardware reviews on techradar, Future plc's UK Tech magazine.
References
External links
Official Website
DVBViewer Wiki
Video recording software
Digital television software
Television placeshifting technology
Pascal (programming language) software
Morgan County is a county located in the north central Piedmont region of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,097. The county seat is Madison.
Since the early 21st century, the county has had a housing boom. It has proximity to Lake Oconee, a recreation site, as well as to major employment centers such as Atlanta, Athens, Augusta and Macon.
History
Morgan County was created on December 10, 1807. It was named for renowned Revolutionary War commander Daniel Morgan. During the American Civil War, the county provided the Panola Guards, which was a part of Cobb's Legion.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water. The entirety of Morgan County is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 129 Bypass
U.S. Route 278
U.S. Route 278 Truck
U.S. Route 441
U.S. Route 441 Bypass
State Route 12
State Route 12 Truck
State Route 24
State Route 24 Bypass
State Route 83
State Route 186
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
Adjacent counties
Oconee County (north)
Greene County (east)
Putnam County (southeast)
Jasper County (southwest)
Newton County (west)
Walton County (northwest)
National protected area
Oconee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 15,457 people, 5,558 households, and 4,301 families living in the county. The population density was 17/km2 (44/mi2). There were 6,128 housing units at an average density of 7/km2 (18/mi2). The racial makeup of the county was 69.69% White, 28.53% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.33% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.41% from other races, and 0.89% from two or more races. 1.60% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,558 households, out of which 34.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.90% were married couples living together, 14.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.60% were non-families. 19.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.60% under the age of 18, 7.80% from 18 to 24, 28.70% from 25 to 44, 24.50% from 45 to 64, and 12.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 93.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,249, and the median income for a family was $46,146. Males had a median income of $34,634 versus $22,206 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,823. About 8.90% of families and 10.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.10% of those under age 18 and 9.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 17,868 people, 6,660 households, and 5,073 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,472 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 72.7% white, 23.6% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 1.6% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.8% were American, 12.5% were English, 11.4% were Irish, and 9.0% were German.
Of the 6,660 households, 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 23.8% were non-families, and 20.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.06. The median age was 41.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $45,817 and the median income for a family was $57,724. Males had a median income of $44,101 versus $30,133 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,732. About 13.5% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.9% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 20,097 people, 6,942 households, and 5,250 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Bostwick
Buckhead
Madison (county seat)
Rutledge
Unincorporated communities
Apalachee
Godfrey (ghost town)
Pennington
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morgan County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1807 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1807
The 2022 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A, known as the LigaPro Betcris 2022 for sponsoring purposes, is the 64th season of the Serie A, Ecuador's top tier football league, and the fourth under the management of the Liga Profesional de Fútbol del Ecuador (or LigaPro). The season began on 18 February and is scheduled to end on 13 November 2022.
Independiente del Valle is the defending champions.
Teams
16 teams compete in the season. Manta and Olmedo were relegated after finishing in the bottom two places of the aggregate table of the previous season, being replaced by the 2021 Serie B champions Cumbayá and runners-up Gualaceo. Cumbayá clinched promotion to the top flight with three matches in hand after a 2–1 win over Independiente Juniors on 23 September 2021, whilst Gualaceo ensured promotion on 13 October 2021, with a 2–1 victory against Atlético Santo Domingo and a draw for El Nacional against Independiente Juniors. Both promoted teams are taking part in Serie A for the first time ever.
Stadia and locations
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
Notes
First stage
The first stage began on 18 February and ended on 29 May 2022.
Standings
Results
Second stage
The second stage began on 8 July and will end on 23 October 2022.
Standings
Results
Aggregate table
Top scorers
{| class="wikitable" border="1"
|-
! Rank
! Name
! Club
! Goals
|-
| align=center | 1
| Francisco Fydriszewski
|Aucas
| align=center | 14
|-
| align=center | 2
| Ismael Díaz
|Universidad Católica
| align=center | 12
|-
| rowspan=2 align=center | 3
| Gabriel Cortez
|Barcelona / 9 de Octubre
| rowspan=2 align=center | 11
|-
| Santiago Giordana
|Mushuc Runa
|-
| rowspan=3 align=center | 5
| Jhon Cifuente
|Delfín / Barcelona
| rowspan=3 align=center | 10
|-
| Tomás Molina
|LDU Quito
|-
| Leonardo Villagra
|Orense
|-
| rowspan=3 align=center | 8
| Alexander Alvarado
|LDU Quito
| rowspan=3 align=center | 9
|-
| Sebastián Rodríguez
|Emelec
|-
| Joaquín Vergés
|Gualaceo
|}
Source: Ecuagol
See also
2022 Copa Ecuador
2022 Ecuadorian Serie B
2022 Segunda Categoría
References
External links
LigaPro's official website
Ecuadorian Football Federation
A
Ecuador
Ecuador
Doctor Proctor's Fart Powder is a series of children's novels by Norwegian author Jo Nesbø, illustrated by Mike Lowery. The first novel in the series was Nesbø's first children's book, a contrast from the adult crime novels that they are known for. It was originally published in 2007 in Norway and 2010 worldwide.
The series spawned four sequels. The second book in the series, "Bubble in The Bathtub," was published in 2008 in Norway and 2011 worldwide. The third book, "Who Cut The Cheese?" (known as "The End of The World. Maybe." in Norway) was published in 2010 in Norway and 2012 worldwide. The fourth book, "The Magical Fruit" (known as "The Great Gold Robbery" in Norway) was published in 2012 in Norway and 2014 worldwide. The fifth book, "Silent (but Deadly) Night" (known as "Can Doctor Proctor Save Christmas?" in Norway) was published in 2017 in Norway and 2018 worldwide. On October 16, 2018, a box set of the preceding books was released.
Premise
The series is about an eccentric professor in Oslo, Norway who is waiting for their big break.  They are soon befriended by Nilly, a quirky boy who is their new neighbor and their friend Lisa. Most people don't care much for Doctor Proctor's inventions, but Nilly and Lisa become obsessed with their latest invention, a powder which makes the user fart odorless farts. Doctor Proctor builds upon this invention and creates the "Fartonaut Powder," a powder that makes the user fart so powerfully they blast off into space. Doctor Proctor and the kids team up to deal with threats later in the series such as thieves, evil dictators, and aliens, using the powder and some of Doctor Proctor's other inventions to save the day.
Characters
Nilly: A fearless, short redheaded boy who has just moved to town. They have a pet snake and is a lover of exotic animals. They own a book on them called "Animals You Wish Didn't Exist." They also love music, especially cancan dancing.
Lisa Pedersen: A mild-mannered girl who is Nilly's best friend and neighbor. Them father is a commandant at the Akershus Fortress.
Doctor Victor Proctor: An eccentric scientist who bonds with Nilly and Lisa. They frequently eat Jell-O with them.
Truls and Trym Thrane: The school bullies.
Mr. Thrane: Truls and Trym's dad, who owns a large hummer, and is the villain of book 1 and 5. They threaten to get revenge on Nilly and Doctor Proctor after they give the Fartonaut Powder to their sons.  They are called Mr. Trane in the first book.
Mrs. Strobe: The teacher at Nilly and Lisa's school, who is loudmouthed and often misspells words. They are, however, befriended in the third book.
Juliette Margarine: Doctor Proctor's love interest, who they left back in Paris. They become a recurring character starting in book 2.
Krystal: Nilly's mother, who is selfish and obnoxious. In book 5 their first name is revealed. They also struggle with constipation. It is never mentioned where their husband is.
Eva: Nilly's older sister.
Beatrize: One of Lisa's friends.
Mr. Madsen: The music teacher at Nilly and Lisa's school.
Fu Manchu and Handlebar: Two police officers, who are named after their mustaches. Their real names are Rolf and Gunnar, respectively.
Raspa: An eccentric, skinny woman who owns a clock shop.  They are introduced in book 2.
The King of Norway: The King of Norway, who is often spoiled and childlike. They become a recurring character in books 3 and 5.
Stanislaw Hansen: A man with supernatural abilities who had been Santa Claus for hundreds of years, but has recently retired. They used to be good friends with Doctor Proctor, and Nilly and Lisa meet them in book 5.
Chronology
Reception
The series received generally positive reviews. One critic described the books as similar to the works of Roald Dahl and Lemony Snickett, and said that they can help to increase a child's creativity and imagination while doing so in a hilarious way. Another described Nesbø's humor as zany, yet also farcical and matter-of-fact. James Patterson also praised the original book, saying that "this terrific book will make you laugh, and cherish your friends, and value fair play." SLJ said that "(the book) will have no trouble enticing fans of Captain Underpants and the Wimpy Kid."
Awards
Doctor Proctor's Fart Powder was shortlisted for Ark's Children's Book Award (Arks barnebokpris) for ‘Best Children's Book' 2007 and was selected for The Richard and Judy Children's Book Club in 2011.
Film Adaptations
In March 2014, the first book in the series had a live-action film adaptation directed by Arild Fröhlich. It is only available in Norwegian, although an unofficial English dub was made in October 2014. The film received mixed reviews. However one critic stated that "(it's) a wonderful and subversive kids movie where parents are good-hearted but wholly absent and the children have to rely on their own wit and ingenuity to bail themselves from sticky situations. The film recalls the best made-for-kids movies of the 80's and I do not believe it's a happy accident that the absent minded Doctor Proctor bears a striking resemblance to Back To The Future's Doc Brown. It's the type of production that would be animated if it were an American film, yet it works so wonderfully as a live action movie."
A sequel, Doktor Proktors Tidsbadekar (Bubble in The Bathtub), was released in 2015.
References
Jo Nesbø
Children's novels
Norwegian books
Books about Norway
Comedy books
2007 novels
2010 novels
Fiction books
Series of children's books
Kenneth E. Melson is the former acting director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) in the United States. They were appointed to this post by Attorney General Eric Holder in 2009. They resigned as head of the ATF in the aftermath of the ATF gunwalking scandal and was replaced by B. Todd Jones, a former Marine who has twice served as the U.S. attorney in Minnesota.
Career
Prior to joining the Department of Justice, Melson served in the Arlington County (Virginia) Commonwealth's Attorney's Office from April 1975-June 1983. Melson joined the Commonwealth's Attorney's Office as an Assistant Commonwealth's Attorney in April 1975. In January 1978, they were promoted to a managerial position as the Chief Assistant Commonwealth's Attorney for Arlington County. In July 1980, Melson was again promoted to the position of Deputy Commonwealth's Attorney for Arlington County, a position in which they served until June 1983.
Melson served in the United States Department of Justice as a federal prosecutor for nearly 24 years, joining the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia in June 1983 as an Assistant U.S. Attorney. In June 1986, Melson was asked to serve in a senior leadership position at the office as the First Assistant U.S. Attorney. Additionally, Melson also served as the Interim U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia on three separate occasions: July 1991-October 1991; March 1993-September 1993; and April 2001-September 2001.
From 2003 to 2004 they were President of the American Academy of Forensic Sciences, and served as a member of its Ethics Committee and of the editorial board for the Journal of Forensic Sciences.
Melson was appointed by Attorney General Alberto Gonzales as Director of the Executive Office for United States Attorneys (EOUSA) at the Department of Justice effective on May 14, 2007.
After Melson resigned as head of the ATF on August 30, 2011, they continued being employed by the US Department of Justice, re-assigned to the Office of Legal Policy as their Senior Adviser on Forensic Science. They currently serve on the Ethics Committee for the American Academy of Forensic Science and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Forensic Sciences. Melson has been teaching at George Washington University for 35 years, first as an Adjunct Professor teaching forensic science and law courses, and currently as Professional Lecturer at Law.
See also
ATF gunwalking scandal
Mexican Drug War
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
References
Directors of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
Denison University alumni
George Washington University alumni
George Washington University faculty
LG Corporation (or LG Group) (), formerly Lucky-Goldstar from 1983 to 1995 (Korean: Leokki Geumseong; ), is a South Korean multinational conglomerate founded by Koo In-hwoi and managed by successive generations of their family. It is the fourth-largest chaebol in South Korea. Its headquarters are in the LG Twin Towers building in Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo District, Seoul. LG makes electronics, chemicals, and telecommunications products and operates subsidiaries such as LG Electronics, Zenith, LG Display, LG Uplus, LG Innotek, LG Chem, and LG Energy Solution in over 80 countries.
History
LG Corporation was established as Lak Hui Chemical Industrial Corp. in 1947 by Koo In-hwoi. In 1952, Lak Hui (락희) (pronounced "Lucky"; now LG Chem) became the first South Korean company to enter the plastics industry. As the company expanded its plastics business, it established GoldStar Co. Ltd. (now LG Electronics Inc.) in 1958. Both companies Lucky and GoldStar merged to form Lucky-Goldstar in 1983.
GoldStar produced South Korea's first radio. Many consumer electronics were sold under the brand name GoldStar, while some other household products (not available outside South Korea) were sold under the brand name of Lucky. The Lucky brand was famous for hygiene products such as soaps and HiTi laundry detergents, but the brand was mostly associated with its Lucky and Perioe toothpaste. LG continues to manufacture some of these products for the South Korean market, such as laundry detergent.
Koo In-hwoi led the corporation until their death in 1969, at which time, their son Koo Cha-kyung took over. They then passed the leadership to their son, Koo Bon-moo, in 1995. Koo Bon-moo renamed the company to LG in that year. The company also associates the letters LG with the company's tagline "Life's Good". Since 2009, LG has owned the domain name LG.com.
Koo Bon-moo died of a brain tumor on 20 May 2018. In July 2018, it was announced that Koo Kwang-mo, the nephew and adopted son of Koo Bon-moo, will be the new CEO of LG. Koo Bon-moo adopted their nephew in 2004, after losing their only son in 1994, citing "a family tradition of male-only succession".
Joint ventures
LG and Hitachi created joint ventures named Hitachi-LG Data Storage in 2000 and LG Hitachi Water Solutions in 2011; among other partnerships it has had, LG has a long relationship with Hitachi dating back to the early years of Goldstar. Since then Hitachi has transferred technologies for LG's products such as radios, wires, TVs, home appliances, semiconductors, etc. The first JV between the two is LG Hitachi, which has been around since 1980s when it was established to import computers to Korea.
LG had two joint ventures with Royal Philips Electronics: LG Philips Display and LG Philips LCD, but Philips sold off its shares in late 2008.
In 2005, LG entered into a joint venture with Nortel Networks, creating LG-Nortel Co. Ltd.
In 2020, LG and Canadian auto supplier Magna International launched a joint venture known as LG Magna e-Powertrain. The new joint venture will manufacture components used in electric cars such as electric motors, inverters and onboard chargers.
International markets
On 30 November 2012, comScore released a report of the October 2012 U.S. Mobile Subscriber Market Share that found LG lost its place as second in the U.S. mobile market share to Apple Inc.
On 20 January 2013, LG has overtaken Apple to become second largest in U.S. market share.
On 7 August 2013, comScore released a report of the June 2013 U.S. Smartphone Subscriber Market Share that found LG fell to fifth place in the U.S mobile market share.
Associated companies
GS Group
LS Group
LIG Group
Heesung Group
SPC Group
Structure and financial position
LG Corporation is a holding company that operates worldwide through more than 30 companies in the electronics, chemical, and telecom fields. Its electronics subsidiaries manufacture and sell products ranging from electronic and digital home appliances to televisions and mobile telephones, from Thin-film-transistor liquid-crystal displays to security devices and semiconductors. In the chemical industry, subsidiaries manufacture and sell products including cosmetics, industrial textiles, rechargeable batteries and toner products, polycarbonates, medicines, and surface decorative materials. Its telecom products include long-distance and international phone services, mobile and broadband telecommunications services, as well as consulting and telemarketing services. LG also operates the Coca-Cola Korea Bottling Company, manages real estate, offers management consulting, and operates professional sports clubs.
Group families
Electronics industries
LG Electronics
LG Appliances
LG Display
LG Innotek
ZKW Group
Chemical industries
LG Chem
SEETEC
LG Household & Health Care
Ĭsa Knox
Haitai HTB
The Face Shop
Beyond
CNP
CARE ZONE
VONIN
Coca-Cola Beverage Company (South Korea)
LG Lever Korea
Telecommunications
LG U+
CS Leader
CS ONE Partner
LG CNS
V-ENS
BIZTECH & EKTIMO
Ucess Partners
Monkey House
Pixdix
G2R
HS Ad
Twenty Twenty
Source
Sports sponsorship
LG owns the South Korean professional baseball team LG Twins, and is the main sponsor of basketball team Changwon LG Sakers. LG is also a partner of the American professional baseball team Texas Rangers.
Brand ambassadors
David Warner (2014)
References
1947 establishments in Korea
Chaebol
Companies based in Seoul
Companies listed on the Korea Exchange
Conglomerate companies established in 1947
Conglomerate companies of South Korea
Electronics companies established in 1947
Electronics companies of South Korea
Holding companies established in 1947
Holding companies of South Korea
Multinational companies headquartered in South Korea
Telecommunication companies of South Korea
Pump manufacturers
Electric motor manufacturers
Mobile phone manufacturers
A. Harry Morelock (November 1869 – April 21, 1949) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball player. They played shortstop for the 1891–1892 Philadelphia Phillies of the National League. They remained active in the Minor leagues through 1895.
External links
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball shortstops
Philadelphia Phillies players
Albany Senators players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Rochester Flour Cities players
Macon Hornets players
Troy Trojans (minor league) players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
1869 births
1949 deaths
The 2018 ITTF Team World Cup was a table tennis competition held at the Copper Box Arena in London from 22 to 25 February 2018. It was the 11th edition of the ITTF-sanctioned event, and the first time that it had been held in the United Kingdom.
China won both events, defeating Japan in both the men's and women's team finals.
Medallists
Qualification
The host nation England, and each of the current continental team champions qualified for both the men's and women's events, with additional places awarded to the highest-placed teams at the 2016 World Team Championships that hadn't already qualified through continental events.
Men
Women
Notes
Events
Men's team
Women's team
See also
2018 World Team Table Tennis Championships
2018 ITTF World Tour
2018 ITTF Men's World Cup
2018 ITTF Women's World Cup
References
External links
2018 ITTF Team World Cup
International Table Tennis Federation
Team
World Cup (team)
ITTF Team World Cup
ITTF Team World Cup
Table tennis competitions in the United Kingdom
International sports competitions in London
ITTF
Ypsolopha coriacella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Germany, Poland, Austria, Switzerland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Russia.
The larvae feed on Abies species. However, the species occurs in the regions with nowadays' absence of the fir, as well. For instance, it has been found just a little to the north-west of Yaroslavl, some 150 km westwards from the most extreme western distribution edge of the fir.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Jody Sperling is an American dancer, choreographer, and dance scholar based in New York City.  They are the Founder/Artistic Director of Time Lapse Dance, a dance company that gives a postmodern twist to vintage genres, from the fin de siècle spectacles of Loie Fuller, to circus and music hall entertainments.
Biography
A dancer-choreographer from New York, Jody Sperling is the founder and Artistic Director of Time Lapse Dance. They have created more than 40 works and has performed and taught in the US, Bahrain, Canada, France, India, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Nigeria, Russia, Scotland and north of the Arctic Circle. In 2014, Sperling participated in a polar science mission to the Arctic as the first-ever choreographer-in-residence aboard the US Coast Guard Cutter Healy. During the expedition, they danced on the polar ice cap and made the award-winning dance film Ice Floe. Time Lapse Dance's production Bringing the Arctic Home transports Sperling's experience in the icescape to the stage.
Over the years, Sperling has forged a unique style inspired by modern dance pioneer Loïe Fuller (1862-1928). Internationally regarded as the leading exponent of Fuller's genre, they have taken the idiom into innovative directions. Sperling is the choreographer, creative consultant and dance coach for the upcoming French feature film La Danseuse inspired by Fuller's life.
Sperling has received commissions from the Vermont Performance Lab & Marlboro College, The University of Wyoming through the NEA American Masterpieces Program and the Streb Lab for Action Mechanics. I works Clair de Lune, Fountains and Night Winds have been in the repertory of Holland's Introdans ensemble.
As a dancer, Sperling has performed in the works of other choreographers including Sarah Michelson and Yvonne Rainer. Sperling has served on the Board of Directors of the Society of Dance History Scholars (SDHS) and has presented at the Society's conferences. They hold an MA in Performance Studies (Tisch School of the Arts, New York University) and a BA in Dance and Italian (Wesleyan University). Them dance writings have appeared online and in print in Dance Magazine, The Village Voice, The SDHS Conference Proceedings, The International Encyclopedia of Dance and the award-winning book Birds of Paradise: Costume as Cinematic Spectacle (British Film Institute, 2014).
References
External links
TimeLapseDance.com
Interview with Jody
Living people
American choreographers
American female dancers
Dancers from New York (state)
New York University alumni
Wesleyan College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
In physics, ray tracing is a method for calculating the path of waves or particles through a system with regions of varying propagation velocity, absorption characteristics, and reflecting surfaces. Under these circumstances, wavefronts may bend, change direction, or reflect off surfaces, complicating analysis. Ray tracing solves the problem by repeatedly advancing idealized narrow beams called rays through the medium by discrete amounts. Simple problems can be analyzed by propagating a few rays using simple mathematics. More detailed analysis can be performed by using a computer to propagate many rays.
When applied to problems of electromagnetic radiation, ray tracing often relies on approximate solutions to Maxwell's equations that are valid as long as the light waves propagate through and around objects whose dimensions are much greater than the light's wavelength. Ray theory does not describe phenomena such as interference and diffraction, which require wave theory (involving the phase of the wave).
Technique
Ray tracing works by assuming that the particle or wave can be modeled as a large number of very narrow beams (rays), and that there exists some distance, possibly very small, over which such a ray is locally straight. The ray tracer will advance the ray over this distance, and then use a local derivative of the medium to calculate the ray's new direction. From this location, a new ray is sent out and the process is repeated until a complete path is generated. If the simulation includes solid objects, the ray may be tested for intersection with them at each step, making adjustments to the ray's direction if a collision is found. Other properties of the ray may be altered as the simulation advances as well, such as intensity, wavelength, or polarization. This process is repeated with as many rays as are necessary to understand the behavior of the system.
Uses
Astronomy
Ray tracing is being increasingly used in astronomy to simulate realistic images of the sky. Unlike conventional simulations, ray tracing does not use the expected or calculated PSF of a telescope and instead traces journey of each photon from entering the upper atmosphere to the detector. Most of the dispersion and distortion, arising mainly from atmosphere, optics and detector are taken into account. While this method of simulating images is inherently slow, advances in CPU and GPU capabilities has somewhat mitigated this problem. It can also be used in designing telescopes. Notable examples include Large Synoptic Survey Telescope where this kind of ray tracing was first used with PhoSim to create simulated images.
Radio signals
One particular form of ray tracing is radio signal ray tracing, which traces radio signals, modeled as rays, through the ionosphere where they are refracted and/or reflected back to the Earth. This form of ray tracing involves the integration of differential equations that describe the propagation of electromagnetic waves through dispersive and anisotropic media such as the ionosphere. An example of physics-based radio signal ray tracing is shown to the right. Radio communicators use ray tracing to help determine the precise behavior of radio signals as they propagate through the ionosphere.
The image at the right illustrates the complexity of the situation. Unlike optical ray tracing where the medium between objects typically has a constant refractive index, signal ray tracing must deal with the complexities of a spatially varying refractive index, where changes in ionospheric electron densities influence the refractive index and hence, ray trajectories. Two sets of signals are broadcast at two different elevation angles. When the main signal penetrates into the ionosphere, the magnetic field splits the signal into two component waves which are separately ray traced through the ionosphere. The ordinary wave (red) component follows a path completely independent of the extraordinary wave (green) component.
Ocean acoustics
Sound velocity in the ocean varies with depth due to changes in density and temperature, reaching a local minimum near a depth of 800–1000 meters. This local minimum, called the SOFAR channel, acts as a waveguide, as sound tends to bend towards it. Ray tracing may be used to calculate the path of sound through the ocean up to very large distances, incorporating the effects of the SOFAR channel, as well as reflections and refractions off the ocean surface and bottom. From this, locations of high and low signal intensity may be computed, which are useful in the fields of ocean acoustics, underwater acoustic communication, and acoustic thermometry.
Optical design
Ray tracing may be used in the design of lenses and optical systems, such as in cameras, microscopes, telescopes, and binoculars, and its application in this field dates back to the 1900s. Geometric ray tracing is used to describe the propagation of light rays through a lens system or optical instrument, allowing the image-forming properties of the system to be modeled. The following effects can be integrated into a ray tracer in a straightforward fashion:
Dispersion leads to chromatic aberration
Polarization
Crystal optics
Fresnel equations
Laser light effects
Thin film interference (optical coating, soap bubble) can be used to calculate the reflectivity of a surface.
For the application of lens design, two special cases of wave interference are important to account for. In a focal point, rays from a point light source meet again and may constructively or destructively interfere with each other. Within a very small region near this point, incoming light may be approximated by plane waves which inherit their direction from the rays. The optical path length from the light source is used to compute the phase. The derivative of the position of the ray in the focal region on the source position is used to obtain the width of the ray, and from that the amplitude of the plane wave. The result is the point spread function, whose Fourier transform is the optical transfer function. From this, the Strehl ratio can also be calculated.
The other special case to consider is that of the interference of wavefronts, which are approximated as planes. However, when the rays come close together or even cross, the wavefront approximation breaks down. Interference of spherical waves is usually not combined with ray tracing, thus diffraction at an aperture cannot be calculated. However, these limitations can be resolved by an advanced modeling technique called Field Tracing. Field Tracing is a modelling technique, combining geometric optics with physical optics enabling to overcome the limitations of interference and diffraction in designing.
The ray tracing techniques are used to optimize the design of the instrument by minimizing aberrations, for photography, and for longer wavelength applications such as designing microwave or even radio systems, and for shorter wavelengths, such as ultraviolet and X-ray optics.
Before the advent of the computer, ray tracing calculations were performed by hand using trigonometry and logarithmic tables. The optical formulas of many classic photographic lenses were optimized by roomfuls of people, each of whom handled a small part of the large calculation. Now they are worked out in optical design software. A simple version of ray tracing known as ray transfer matrix analysis is often used in the design of optical resonators used in lasers. The basic principles of the most frequently used algorithm could be found in Spencer and Murty's fundamental paper: "General ray tracing Procedure".
Seismology
In seismology, geophysicists use ray tracing to aid in earthquake location and tomographic reconstruction of the Earth's interior. Seismic wave velocity varies within and beneath Earth's crust, causing these waves to bend and reflect. Ray tracing may be used to compute paths through a geophysical model, following them back to their source, such as an earthquake, or deducing the properties of the intervening material. In particular, the discovery of the seismic shadow zone (illustrated at right) allowed scientists to deduce the presence of Earth's molten core.
General relativity
In general relativity, where gravitational lensing can occur, the geodesics of the light rays receiving at the observer are integrated backwards in time until they hit the region of interest. Image synthesis under this technique can be view as an extension of the usual ray tracing in computer graphics. An example of such synthesis is found in the 2014 film Interstellar.
See also
Atmospheric optics ray-tracing codes
Atmospheric refraction
Field tracing
Gradient index optics
List of ray tracing software
Ocean acoustic tomography
Ray tracing (graphics)
Ray transfer matrix analysis
References
Computational physics
Geometrical optics
American(s) may refer to:
American, something of, from, or related to the United States of America, commonly known as the "United States" or "America"
Americans, citizens and nationals of the United States of America
American ancestry, people who self-identify their ancestry as "American"
American English, the set of varieties of the English language native to the United States
Native Americans in the United States, indigenous peoples of the United States
American, something of, from, or related to the Americas, also known as "America"
Indigenous peoples of the Americas
American (word), for analysis and history of the meanings in various contexts
Organizations
American Airlines, U.S.-based airline headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas
American Athletic Conference, an American college athletic conference
American Recordings (record label), a record label previously known as Def American
American University, in Washington, D.C.
Sports teams
Soccer
Baltimore Americans, the name of two soccer teams, one from 1939 to 1942 and one from 1942 to 1948
Chicago Americans, a soccer team in 1972
Dallas Americans, a soccer team from 1983 to 1985
Hartford Americans, a soccer team from 1927 to 1928
Miami Americans, a reincarnation of the New Jersey Americans in 1980
New Jersey Americans (soccer), a soccer team from 1976 to 1979
New York Americans (soccer), a soccer team from 1931 to 1956
Uhrik Truckers, a soccer team known from 1941 to 1953 as the Philadelphia Americans
Hockey
Allen Americans, a minor league hockey team
New York Americans, an ice hockey team from 1925 to 1942
Rochester Americans, a minor league ice hockey franchise in the American Hockey League (AHL)
Seattle Totems, an ice hockey team known from 1955 to 1958 as the Seattle Americans
Tri-City Americans, a junior ice hockey team
Other sports
Boston Red Sox, a baseball team known from 1901 to 1907 as the Boston Americans
Brooklyn Nets, a basketball team known in the 1960s as the New York Americans and New Jersey Americans
Nashville Americans, an 1885–1886 minor league baseball team
New York Yankees (1940 AFL), an American football team known as the New York Americans in 1941
Oakland Oaks (ABA), a basketball team known briefly in 1967 as the Oakland Americans
Pittsburgh Americans, an American football team from 1936 to 1937
Vehicles
American (1899 automobile), by American Automobile Company, New York City
American (1902 automobile), by American Motor Carriage Company, Cleveland
American (1911 automobile), by American Automobile Manufacturing Company founded in Missouri
American (1914 automobile), by American Cyclecar Co, Michigan
American (1917 automobile), built in New Jersey
American Motors Corporation
Rambler American, from American Motors (1958–1969)
USS American, several ships of the US Navy
4-4-0, a classification of railway locomotive
Music
American (album), a 2017 studio album by RuPaul
"American", a song by Fish Karma
"American" (Lana Del Rey song), 2012
AmericanEP, an extended play album by English electronica duo The Chemical Brothers
American Quartet (Dvořák), a string quartet by Antonín Dvořák
Other uses
Americana (culture), artifacts related to the history of the United States
American cheese, a type of processed cheese
American McGee (born 1972), American video game designer
American Canyon, a city in Northern California
See also
America (disambiguation)
Armorican (disambiguation)
The American (disambiguation)
The Americans (disambiguation)
List of automobile manufacturers of the United States
American Made (disambiguation)
Pan-American (disambiguation)
Pro-American (disambiguation)
Anti-American
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
The 2005–06 season was the 19th season of the British Basketball League, which ran from 23 September 2005 through to 11 April 2006. The season started earlier than usual because of England's participation in the 2006 Commonwealth Games, which took place during the regular season.
Eleven teams took to the court for the League Championship, which saw each team play each other four times (Twice at home and twice on the road) during the regular season. This was followed by the end of season playoffs which began on 14 April 2006 and ended with Finals Weekend on 30 April 2006. One team change in the line-up saw the disappearance of long-time BBL member Thames Valley Tigers who were dissolved by the League after owner John Nike withdrew their financial backing. A consortium of fans bids to save the team resulted in a new franchise being formed, the Guildford Heat who occupied Tigers' place in the Championship.
The season will be best remembered for Newcastle Eagles's incredible "clean sweep" of trophies winning the Championship, BBL Cup, BBL Trophy and finishing it off with an impressive victory in the Play-off Final against Scottish Rocks.
Teams
Notable occurrences
Guildford Heat made their debut appearance in the BBL on 1 October 2005, losing in overtime 89–88 to Newcastle Eagles at the Metro Radio Arena.
Newcastle Eagles' Managing Director Paul Blake succeeded Vince Macaulay-Razaq as the new chairperson of the BBL prior to the season opening, emphasising that they will strengthen links with England Basketball to lay the foundations for a successful national team.
Newcastle picked up their first silverware of the season, with an 83–69 win over London Towers in the BBL Cup final at the National Indoor Arena, in Birmingham on 4 December. Eagles' TJ Walker was awarded MVP with 28 points, 12 rebounds and 4 assists.
Birmingham Bullets owner Craig Bown breached league regulations when, on 26 January, they cancelled Bullets' home game against Milton Keynes Lions in protest of the suspensions of player Yorrick Williams and coach Skouson Harker. Bullets were docked 1 point.
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman made their debut for Brighton Bears on 28 January, only days after leaving the Celebrity Big Brother house. They scored 4 points in 26 minutes of play against Guildford. Rodman went on to feature in three games for the Bears but later investigation found them to be ineligible and Brighton were docked 1 point by the league.
The BBL Trophy was also won by Newcastle, who defeated Leicester Riders 71–50 at the SkyDome Arena in Coventry, on 5 February. Newcastle's Andrew Sullivan picked up the MVP with 18 points and 11 rebounds.
Leicester's Tony Holley broke the record for the most rebounds in a BBL Trophy Final, bagging 19 in all and beating Alan Cunningham's previous best from 1991.
Many clubs missed several of their top English players, who left for the 2006 Commonwealth Games which took place from 15 to 26 March. Peter Scantlebury MBE's England men's team returned hugely successful having defeated Nigeria 80–57 to bring home the bronze medal. The women's team also won bronze.
BBL Championship (Tier 1)
Final standings
Each team played each other four times during the regular league season, twice at home and twice on the road. A dominant Newcastle team claimed the League title, with one game to spare against second-placed Scottish Rocks, adding their third piece of silverware for the season.
In their rookie season Guildford Heat finished an impressive fifth, with a 20–20 record, while former heavyweights Brighton Bears and Birmingham Bullets struggled, finishing eighth and last respectively. Both teams were docked one point each, Brighton for fielding an ineligible player against Guildford, while Birmingham owner Craig Bown breached league rules by cancelling the game against Milton Keynes Lions.
+ Brighton Bears were docked 1 point for playing an ineligible player.
++ Birmingham Bullets were docked 1 point due to breach of League Regulations.
The Play-offs
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
National League Division 1 (Tier 2)
Final standings
National League Division 2 (Tier 3)
Final standings
BBL Cup
First round
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Final
BBL Trophy
Group stage
Northern Group
Midlands Group
Southern Group
Semi Finals
Final
Statistics leaders
References
British Basketball League seasons
1
British
Karl Bruno Stargardt (4 December 1875 – 2 April 1927) was a German ophthalmologist born in Berlin.
In 1899 they received their doctorate from the University of Kiel, where they later became chief physician at the university eye clinic. Afterwards they worked in the eye clinic at Strassburg, then becoming head of ophthalmology at Bonn. In 1923 they succeeded Alfred Bielschowsky (1871-1940) as chair of ophthalmology at the University of Marburg. Soon afterwards they developed nephritis and cardiac complications, and died on April 2, 1927.
Their name is associated with Stargardt disease, an hereditary eye disease that is one of the most common causes of childhood macular degeneration.
Written works
Über Epithelzellveränderungen beim Trachom und andern Conjunctivalerkrankungen. (Concerning hereditary, progressive degeneration in the macular region of the eye); Albrecht von Graefe's Archiv für Ophthalmologie, 1909, 69, 525–542.
Diagnostik der Farbensinnstörungen. (Diagnosis of color vision problems); Berlin, 1912.
Über die Ursachen des Sehnervenschwundes bei der Tabes und der progressiven Paralyse. (About the causes of optic nerve atrophy in tabes and progressive paralysis); from Royal. Psychiatr. and Nerve Clinic in Kiel with medical advice by Prof. Dr. Ernst Siemerling
References
Ophthalmology Hall of Fame
University of Marburg faculty
Physicians from Berlin
German ophthalmologists
1875 births
1927 deaths
This is a list of Belgian football transfers for the 2022 winter transfer window. Only transfers involving a team from the professional divisions are listed, including the 18 teams in the Belgian First Division A and the 8 teams playing in the Belgian First Division B.
The wintertransfer window opened on 1 January 2022 and towards the end of January 2022.
Note that several transfers were announced prior to the opening date. Furthermore, players without a club may join one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows. After the transfer window closes a few completed transfers might still be announced a few days later.
Transfers
References
Belgian 1
Transfers Winter
2021-2022 Winter
Plan of Study for Girls was an educational curriculum devised in the 16th century by Juan Luis Vives for the education of girls, primarily for Princess Mary, daughter and then-heiress of Henry VIII of England and their first wife, Catherine of Aragon.
The curriculum was written at the request of the then Queen. Vives delivered the work, De Ratione Studii Puerilis in the form of a long letter, written from Oxford, England in October 1523. Two separate texts were included; one, with advice for a girl's education, was aimed at Princess Mary Tudor; the second text, dealing with the education of boys, was aimed at Charles Mountjoy, the son of the queen's chamberlain William Mountjoy.
The text for the Princess Mary Tudor advised that they should "write down with their fingers anything the tutor should designate", and that they focus particularly on learning the Latin names for "clothes, parts of the house, food, divisions of time, musical instruments, [and] house furniture".
References
16th-century books
Women and education
Mary I of England
Sergejus Jeriomkinas is a Lithuanian male acrobatics gymnast. They competed in pairs with Jana Plotnikova.
Jeriomkinas started acrobatics at the Visaginas Acrobatics Sports School.
In 1992 the pair won silver in the European championships, bronze in the world championships and qualified for the World Games. In the 1993 World Games, the Plotnikova/Jeriomkinas pair won silver in the mixed pairs tempo event.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Lithuanian acrobatic gymnasts
Male acrobatic gymnasts
People from Visaginas
World Games silver medalists
Competitors at the 1993 World Games
Medalists at the Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships
The Hongu River is a major river and valley in the Sankhuwasawa District. It is a tributary of the Hinku River, which subsequently flows into the Dudh Kosi.
The Hongu Valley is at the back of the Everest region. It has views of the peaks of Everest, Lhotse, Nuptse and Ama Dablam. The Hongu basin is a river valley which feeds a group of lakes. The Hongu region offers one of the finest wilderness treks in Nepal where even huts and herds are rarely seen.
Both the Hongu and Hinku valleys remain uninhabited although there are kharka in the upper Hinku basin where Sherpas from the south, near Pangkongma, graze their animals during the grass-growing monsoon.
References
Rivers of the Province No. 1
Archdiocese of Mandalay is located in the central part of Myanmar. It covers about and comprises the southern part of Sagaing Region, almost the whole Mandalay Region and the eastern part of Magwe Region. The archdiocese has the suffragan dioceses of Myitkyina, Banmaw, Lashio and Hakha. Most of the Myanmar people are Buddhist. A few are Muslims and Hindus. Ethnic groups in the city include Myanmar, Kayin, Karen, Tamil and Chinese. The language used in the diocesan territory is Myanmar.
Ordinaries
Marco Tin Win was installed as archbishop on 23 June 2019.
Bourdon (1872–1887)
Simon (1888–1893)
Usse (1893–1902)
Cardos (1902–1906)
Foulquier (1906–1930)
Joseph U Win (1955–1965)
Aloysius U Ba Khin (1965–1978)
Alphonse U Than Aung (1978–2002)
Paul Zingtung Grawng (2003–2014)
Nicholas Mang Thang (2014–2019)
Marco Tin Win (2019–present)
Statistics
As of 2004, Mandalay diocese had 22,511 Catholics in 30 parishes, representing 00.2% of the 15 million people in Mandalay, Sagaing and Magwe Regions.
References
External links
Mandalay Catholic Youth Commission
Archdiocese of Mandalay
Mandalay
Mandalay
Mandalay
1872 establishments in Burma
The Temple of the Stars is an alleged ancient temple claimed to be situated around Glastonbury in Somerset, England.
Origin
The temple is claimed by some to depict a colossal landscape zodiac, a map of the stars on a gigantic scale, formed by features in the landscape (roads, streams, field boundaries, etc.). The theory was first put forward in 1934 by Katherine Maltwood, an artist who "discovered" the zodiac in a vision, and held that the "temple" was created by Sumerians in about 2700 BC. The idea was revived in 1969 by Mary Caine in an article in the magazine Gandalf's Garden (number 4). Compared to Maltwood's version, they turned Scorpio upside down, added a monk to Gemini, and altered the outlines of Capricorn, Libra, and Leo.
The temple plays an important role in many occult theories. It has been associated with the Grail legend, Uther Pendragon, and King Arthur (according to some legends buried in Glastonbury).
Criticisms
The idea was examined by two independent studies, one by Ian Burrow in 1975 and the other in 1983 by Tom Williamson and Liz Bellamy, using the standard methods of landscape historical research. Both studies concluded that the evidence contradicted the idea. The eye of Capricorn identified by Maltwood was a haystack. The western wing of the Aquarius phoenix was a road laid in 1782 to run around Glastonbury, and older maps dating back to the 1620s show the road had no predecessors. The Cancer boat (not a crab as would be expected) is made up of a network of eighteenth century drainage ditches and paths. There are some Neolithic paths preserved in the peat of the bog formerly comprising most of the area, but none of the known paths match the lines of the zodiac features.
Glastonbury historian Geoffrey Ashe commented, "The phenomenon is akin to the Rorschach ink-blot test, or to seeing pictures in a fire", and "Zodiac-finders do not themselves agree on these 'obvious figures'. I have studied these photographs; I know what I am meant to see; I honestly try to see, and I simply do not."
There is no support for this theory, or for the existence of the "temple" in any form, from conventional archaeologists or mainstream historians.
References
Further reading
Brinsley le Poer Trench (1962) Temple of the Stars
Katherine E. Maltwood (1935) A Guide to Glastonbury's Temple of the Stars
Peter James & Nick Thorpe (1999) Ancient Mysteries, Ballantine Books, New York, pp 298–304
Reiser, Oliver L (1974) This Holyest Erthe: The Glastonbury Zodiac and King Arthur's Camelot, Perennial Books
Brian Haughton, Haunted Spaces, Sacred Places: A Field Guide To Stone Circles, Crop Circles, Ancient Tombs, and Supernatural Landscapes (NJ: The Career Press, 2008).
Slaine (1986),Temple of the Stars,2000AD Comic, Prog 493, 25 Oct 1986
External links
Map of the zodiac
History of Somerset
Pseudohistory
Glastonbury
Kalyana Rathriyil () is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language crime thriller film directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by M. Raju Mathan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Adoor Bhasi, Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai and T. S. Muthaiah. It is the first Malayalam film to receive an A (adults only) certificate.
Plot
Cast
Prem Nazir as Rajagopal
Adoor Bhasi as Appukuttan
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
T. S. Muthaiah as PK Menon
Kaduvakkulam Antony
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as KB Nair
Latha
N. Saroja
Paravoor Bharathan
Philomina as Madhavi Amma
Vijaya Nirmala as Radha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1960s crime thriller films
1960s Malayalam-language films
1966 films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Indian crime thriller films
The Hegel Archives (German: Hegel-Archiv) were founded in 1958 in North Rhine-Westphalia to encourage historical-critical efforts to study the collected works of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.
The North-Rhine/Westphalian Academy of Sciences and the Felix Meiner Publishing House, Hamburg, are publishers of the collected works of Hegel. Since 1968 the Hegel Archives has served as a facility for the faculty of Philosophy, Education and Journalism of the Ruhr University Bochum.
Research
Apart from publishing activity, the Hegel Archives also promotes Hegel research. For example, it coordinates the following efforts:
the yearbook of Hegel studies (Hegel Studien) that since 1961 has provided a forum for research papers and a new bibliography;
its own writings and conferences;
a special library building that covers the work of Hegel's students;
an entire research literature beside Hegel's own works; and
Hegel's own monographs.
This library is open to Hegel researchers and international guests as well.
Director
The Hegel Archives was founded in 1958 by Otto Pöggeler, who is a German representative of phenomenology and hermeneutics.
The Director of the Hegel Archives is actually Professor Walter Jaeschke, who is also the Editor of the publication of the Collected Works of Hegel.  They are also the author of Reason in Religion: the Foundation of Religion in Hegel's Philosophy (1986).
Professor Jaeschke also assisted Dr. Peter C. Hodgson and a team of scholars at the University of California at Berkeley, who, in 1990, published a new translation of Hegel's Lectures on the Philosophy of Religion (1818-1831). This publication radically changed the direction of 20th-century Hegel studies, according to some researchers in the Hegel Society of America.
In the review Hegel Studien were published works by Otto Pöggeler, Ernst Bloch, Hans-Georg Gadamer, Martin Heidegger, Karl Löwith, Heinz Heimsoeth, Dieter Henrich, Annemarie Gethmann-Siefert, Walter Jaeschke, Robert Brandom, John Sallis, Robert Pippin.
Notes
External links
Official Web site
Libraries in Germany
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Philosophical societies in Germany
1958 establishments in Germany
Libraries established in 1958
Koza may refer to:
Places
Koza, Opole Voivodeship, a village in south-west Poland
Koza, Wakayama, a Japanese town, merged in 2005 into Kushimoto
Kōza District, Kanagawa, a Japanese district in Kanagawa Province
Koza, Okinawa, a city in Okinawa, Japan
Koza Station, railway station in Kushimoto, Higashimuro District, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan.
Koza, Cameroon, a commune in Cameroon
Koza Han, historic caravanserai (han) in Bursa, Turkey
Surname
Casimir Koza (1935 – 2010), French footballer
Dave Koza (born 1954), American baseball player
John Koza, 20th-century computer scientist and genetic programming pioneer
Luxolo Koza (born 1994), South African rugby union player
Paballo Koza (born 2002), South African actor
(1954–2012), Czech physician, hematooncologist
Other
Koza (bagpipe), a type of Polish bagpipe
Koza (film), a 2015 Slovak film
KOZA, a defunct American radio station
See also
The orange ground thrush (Geokichla gurneyi) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.
Taxonomy
The orange ground thrush was described as Turdus gurneyi by Hartlaub in 1864. It is named after John Henry Gurney Sr., an English banker, politician and ornithologist. There are five subspecies: G. g. chuka found in central Kenya; G. g. raineyi found in southeastern Kenya; G. g. otomitra found in western Angola, southeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, and northern Malawi; G. g. gurneyi found in eastern South Africa; and G. g. disruptans found in central Malawi to northeastern South Africa.
Distribution and habitat
Its habitat is montane forests, namely the afromontane of southeastern Africa. The size of its range is estimated at . It is found at elevations of .
Description
Its length is . The male weighs , and the female weighs . The upperparts are olive-brown; some parts have a grey tinge. The flight feathers are blackish-brown. There are two bars on the wing. The throat, breast and flanks are orange. The vent is white. There is an incomplete white eye-ring. The beak is dark. The legs are pink. The female is similar to the male but is less bright. The immature has mottled underparts.
Behaviour
The orange ground thrush is crepuscular. It is sedentary, but makes altitudinal movements in some regions. Its call is tsip and cureek. Its song is a series of several mellow and melodious notes. It feeds on the ground. Its diet is earthworms, insects, molluscs and fruits. The breeding season is January to May in Kenya, August to December in Tanzania, October to January in Malawi, and September to December in Mozambique, South Africa and Zimbabwe. In breeding pairs, the female has been observed to consistently weigh more than the male. The nest is a deep cup built of moss, twigs, leaves, roots and ferns. There are 2 to 3 turquoise-blue eggs. The eggs are incubated for 15 days. The fledging period is 18 to 20 days.
Status
Its population size is not known. Its population is declining because of habitat loss. The IUCN Red List has listed the species as least concern because it has a large range and its population is not declining quickly enough for it to be considered vulnerable.
References
orange ground thrush
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
orange ground thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1960–61 Copa México was the 44th edition of the Copa México and the 18th staging in the professional era.
The competition started on March 18, 1961, and concluded on April 30, 1961, with the Final, held at the Estadio Olímpico Universitario in Mexico City, in which Tampico Madero defeated Toluca 1–0 to win the first cup title for the club.
First round
|}
Quarterfinals
|}
Bye: León
Semifinals
|}
Final
References
Copa MX
1960–61 in Mexican football
1960–61 domestic association football cups
Robert Thomas Ellis (15 March 1924 – 14 April 2010) was a Welsh politician who was elected several times as a Labour Party Member of Parliament, and later joined the Social Democratic Party (SDP).
Early life
Ellis was born in Pant, Rhosllannerchrugog, Denbighshire and was educated at Ruabon Grammar School. They entered the mining industry, and in 1957 was appointed manager of the nearby Bersham Colliery. They took further studies at the University of Wales and the University of Nottingham. They were a president of Wrexham Fabian Society.
Parliamentary career
Ellis joined the Labour Party in 1943. They first stood for Parliament without success in Flint West in 1966. Elected at the 1970 general election as Labour MP for Wrexham, they were re-elected in the February 1974, October 1974, and May 1979 elections. They also served as an indirectly elected Member of the European Parliament from 1975–1979.
Ellis had grown increasingly disaffected with the leftward direction of the Labour Party by the beginning of the 1980s. They were one of the core handful of Jenkinsite Labour MPs who were prepared to leave the Labour Party without the Gang of Three of David Owen, Bill Rodgers, and Shirley Williams. In fact, they had even gone so far as seriously to contemplate joining the Liberals. Ellis' disenchantment with the Labour Party was so great that they probably voted for Michael Foot over Denis Healey in Labour's 1980 leadership election in order to accelerate the disintegration of the Labour Party.
In 1981, Ellis became one of the founding members of the SDP. Ellis was one of three Welsh MPs to join the new party (the others were Jeffrey Thomas and Ednyfed Hudson Davies) and they were elected to serve as the President of Welsh Social Democrats. As a result of boundary changes, Ellis did not contest Wrexham in 1983 election, instead they stood in the new constituency of Clwyd South West which incorporated much of their old constituency. Ellis finished second to the Conservative candidate Robert Harvey by 1,551 votes in a competitive three-way race.
Later life
At the 1987 general election, Ellis stood again in Clwyd South West, finishing a respectable third. After the merger of the SDP and the Liberals, they stood for the then Social and Liberal Democrats at the 1989 Pontypridd by-election, finishing a weak fourth behind the victor Kim Howells.
Publications
Notes
External links
1924 births
2010 deaths
Welsh Labour Party MPs
Liberal Democrats (UK) parliamentary candidates
Social Democratic Party (UK) MPs for Welsh constituencies
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
Alumni of the University of Wales
People from Rhosllanerchrugog
Politics of Wrexham
Labour Party (UK) MEPs
MEPs for the United Kingdom 1973–1979
People educated at Ruabon Grammar School
Formica Blues is the only album by English trip hop duo Mono. It was first released in the UK in 1997. Four singles were released from the album, of which the lead single, "Life in Mono", was the most successful.
The album reached #71 in the UK album charts and remained on the chart for 1 week. In the United States, the album reached 137 on the Billboard 200 and remained on the chart for 7 weeks.
Overview
Melody Maker summarizes the "basic formula" of the album as to wallow in the sound of television and film theme tunes of the Sixties and Seventies, but both to embellish and underpin it with jazzy breakbeats and Massive Attack synthy atmospheres". The use of harpsichord melody mirrors John Barry's film scores of the 1960s by design (and by sampling), though it has also been compared to themes for 1970s action adventure television shows such as The Protectors and The Zoo Gang.
"Slimcea Girl" took its title from Slimcea, a low-calorie bread sold in the UK during what has been reported as either the 1960s or the 1970s; the "girl" was one featured in the Slimcea TV ads, which featured a jingle inviting the viewer to be a "Slimcea girl". Another inspiration was Julie Christie's character in the film version of Billy Liar, whom Virgo described as a "liberated" "It girl", saying, "I just found it a powerful image". The song has been called "a cynical stare at the dreams and fantasies of those people who live behind the blinds [of Suburbia])"; musically, it has been described as reminiscent of Burt Bacharach, gospel music (in its use of backing vocals arranged like a choir), and "a Tamla torch song".
"The Outsider" is noted for a hammered dulcimer part, which Virgo had written on a synthesizer, imagined with a dulcimer sound; they subsequently called a dulcimer player (Geoff Smith) to play the part.
"High Life" has been compared to the music of 1960s girl groups like The Ronettes, whose production by Phil Spector is cited by Virgo as a style they wanted to incorporate and update.
"Hello Cleveland!", a complex instrumental, was titled after a line from This Is Spinal Tap. Virgo used the title ironically; taken from a stereotypical "rock and roll" context, it was then placed on a song that "wasn't very rock and roll". It is also the most musically esoteric song on the album; a paper in music journal Echo by Sara Nicholson, presented at the sixty-seventh annual meeting of the American Musicological Society, pinpoints a number of uncredited classical recordings sampled at certain points in the song. Primarily these are works by the three principal composers of the Second Viennese School, Arnold Schoenberg, Anton Webern, and Alban Berg; Virgo cites the school as among their musical influences. (Also see the Samples section.) The paper also analyzes the overall structure of the song: it opens with a guitar arpeggio followed by a solo piano composition (noted as being "strikingly similar to Erik Satie's Gnossienne#1 in f"), along with a 5/4 drum loop. About one minute into the song, the bulk of the samples are introduced by a one-second sample from the fifth movement of Luciano Berio's Sinfonia, which is repeated intermittently throughout this section. The beat stops in the last minute of the song, which returns to the piano motif, fading out.
The album cover and liner notes artwork, designed by an art student, consist of abstract collages incorporating photography of the surroundings of London.
Recording and production
Vocals were recorded, alternately, on an AKG C12 and a Neumann U87 microphone, depending on the vocal range desired; compression and equalization during the mixing process created a noticeably processed sound to the vocals.
Analog synthesizers were predominantly used over digital ones; those used by producer and engineer Jim Abbiss include a Roland Juno, a Minimoog, and a Sequential Pro One. Abbiss co-wrote "Playboys" with Virgo by manually programming synthesizers to generate various sounds that make up the song's extended techno sequences.
Live instruments in the recording studio were themselves sometimes used for samples. Many of the piano sounds on the album (particularly those on "Slimcea Girl") were multisampled from a Steinway at Abbey Road Studios, reportedly once used by The Beatles. Recording of "The Outsider" also ended up with Virgo multisampling the dulcimer brought to the studio.
Critical reception
Melody Maker, in an overwhelmingly positive review, calls Formica Blues "unutterably gorgeous", praising it for evoking the era when "London was about to swing". The album was subsequently rated number 49 on the newspaper's top albums of the year list (Portishead's Portishead was rated number 18 on the same list).
The Melody Maker album review opened with the phrase "A case study in post-modern ennui", which became a theme in some analyses of the album. Nicholson, in interpreting "Hello Cleveland!", calls the song a pastiche of musical "quotations", comparable to Berio's Sinfonia in its referencing of past musical works. In addition, since the samples are not identified, Nicholson points out that, for the majority of listeners, they become simulacra — the postmodern concept developed by Jean Baudrillard, meaning imitations that can't be ascribed to an original object — referring to, in this case, the fact that most listeners, including professional reviewers, do not recognize them as being anything beyond generic compositions reminiscent of classical music. From the perspective of a listener familiar with the source material, however, Nicholson suggests that Virgo seems to even use the placement of the samples to parallel the musical references found in the original works.
Nevertheless, Nicholson concludes that the song "collapses", becoming an "aggregation of elements", which is applied to both groups of listeners: "amateur" listeners hear a collection of sounds with no particular significance, while "connoisseur" listeners are unable to construct a "narrative" out of the sounds as there are "too many elements". This effect, however, is tied back to Virgo's description of their musical influences, to suggest that it is exactly the "kaleidoscopic" effect of Phil Spector's Wall of Sound technique. Virgo, in their statements, in fact says that even though it "isn't music that tends to rear its head in a lot of popular music", the Klangfarbenmelodie (tone-colour-melody) approach to melody pioneered by the Second Viennese School was comparable to a style of popular music production "where there are so many things going on at once but the overall sound doesn't seem complicated" — which Virgo credits Phil Spector for originating; Nicholson makes the reasonable connection that this is referring to the Wall of Sound.
The Spanish radio program Viaje a los Sueños Polares (on Los 40 Principales) awarded the album Best International LP in its 1997 staff poll.
BBC broadcaster Mark Radcliffe listed Formica Blues among their top three albums of 1997, calling it "Atmospheric soundtracks for films that haven't been made yet" (prior to the 1998 release of Great Expectations).
Comparisons
The band's use of period film score-inspired music and breakbeats led to comparisons to the influential group Portishead, the first of what Allmusic calls "mid-'90s male instrumentalist/female singer duos".
Track listing
Tracks 1, 3, 7, and 10 written by Martin Virgo; all others written by Virgo and Siobhan de Maré except 8 by Virgo, Jim Abbiss, and de Maré.
"Life in Mono" – 3:34
interlude – 0:18
"Silicone" – 4:14
interlude – 0:35
"Slimcea Girl" – 3:50
"The Outsider" – 5:08
"Disney Town" – 4:09
"The Blind Man" – 5:22
interlude – 1:18
"High Life" – 4:10
"Playboys" – 6:40
"Penguin Freud" – 6:18
"Hello Cleveland!" – 6:33
The instrumental interludes shown are in especially long pregaps between the numbered tracks on the CD.
US bonus track
"Life in Mono" (Alice Band mix)
Japan bonus tracks
"Life in Mono" ("Hope" mix)
"Silicone" (Winchester Club Space dub mix)
"Slimcea Girl" (Fat Boy vocal)
UK bonus disc
"Slimcea Girl" (The Aloof remix)
"Silicone" (Les Rythmes Digitales remix)
"Slimcea Girl" (Fat Boy vocal)
"High Life" (Next Century Short dub)
"Silicone" (Mr. Scruff remix)
"Life in Mono" (Propellerheads Sweat Band mix)
"Slimcea Girl" (Sol Brothers London dub remix)
"High Life" (187 Lockdown Low Life dubs)
"Life in Mono" (Banana Republic Urban dub)
"High Life" (Natural Born Chillers vocal mix)
Samples
"Life in Mono": The Ipcress File, written and recorded by John Barry
"Silicone": "Walk On By", written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David, recorded by Isaac Hayes; "Get Carter", written and recorded by Roy Budd
"Slimcea Girl": "Viva Revolucion", written by Jon Carter, recorded by Artery
"Penguin Freud": "Answered Prayers", written and recorded by David Sylvian; an interpolation of "The Pan Piper", written by Gil Evans
Uncredited samples in "Hello Cleveland!" consist of: Sinfonia by Luciano Berio; Six Pieces (Op. 6) by Anton Webern; Five Pieces for Orchestra (Op. 16) by Arnold Schoenberg; and Lulu Suite by Alban Berg. The sources sampled are found to be most likely recordings by Riccardo Chailly for Sinfonia and Simon Rattle for the three latter works — recordings all noted as being out-of-print.
Personnel
Mono
Siobhan de Maré – vocals, backing vocals (3, 4, 7)
Martin Virgo – production, engineering (10), keyboards/programming, piano (3, 4, 7, 9, 10), guitars (5, 6, 7), bass (5, 7)
Other musicians involved
Jim Abbiss – production (2, 5, 6, 8, 9), engineering (all but 7 and 10), keyboards/programming (6, 8), guitars (6), "wicked tambourine" (5)
Mat Coleman – trombone (7)
Luke Gifford – engineering (7, 9)
Colin Graham – trumpet (7, 9)
Mikey Hartwell – percussion (7)
Lee Hubbard (Bushmaster) – drum programming (6)
The Lauren Hughes Experience – triangle (10)
Chris Margary – saxophone (7)
Martin McColl – guitar (2, 9)
Paul Motion – engineering (7)
Bernard O'Neil – double bass (2)
Paulo de Oliveira – vocals (9)
Geoff Smith – hammered dulcimer (4)
James Thorp – guitar (7)
Singles
Each single was released in 12" and CD formats, and included a number of remixes distributed across the various formats.
"Life in Mono"
Released: November 1996, April 1998
Radio edit
Alice Band mix
Sweat Band mix
"Hope" mix
Bushmaster
Instrumental
Banana Republic Urban dub
Banana Republic Shift Control mix
Mr. Natural vocal mix
LHOOQ Ingenue mix
"Silicone"
Released: May 1997
Les Rythmes Digitales remix
Mr. Scruff mix
Winchester Club Space dub mix
L.H.B. Implant
"Slimcea Girl"
Released: October 1997
Aloof remix
Aloof dub reprise
The Fat Boy vocal
The Fat Boy dub
Sol Brothers London dub remix
Sol Brothers London bass mix
The Danmass remix
Fuzzed
"High Life"
Released: 29 June 1998
7" mix
187 Lockdown Low Life dub
187 Lockdown Low Life instrumental
Remember Herbert's mix
Lowfinger's Stereo Low Life mix
Natural Born Chillers vocal mix
Natural Born Chillers dub mix
Next Century Long dub mix
Next Century Short dub mix
Music videos
The music video for "[ Life in Mono]" was directed by Chuck Leal and Matt Donaldson, and first aired in February 1998. Filmed in New York City (with the Manhattan Bridge and the Brooklyn Bridge prominently shown in some scenes), most of the video consists of de Maré performing the song alone in nondescript urban areas, with Virgo appearing in only a few shots, not doing anything in particular. Another version, interspersed with clips from Great Expectations, was used to promote the song as part of the film's soundtrack.
The video for "Silicone" was directed by Nick Abrahams and Michael Tomkins (working as "Nick and Mikey") for the production company Trash 2000. It was filmed at Heston Service Station Motel, located along Britain's M4 motorway. Filmed in black and white, it depicts hotel rooms and corridors populated by the band members as well as a "Neolithic man" dressed in a rabbit costume, and men in suits with a giant potato or a sculpted chimpanzee face in place of their heads.
The video for "Slimcea Girl" was directed by Alexander Hemming.
The video for "High Life" was directed by Malcolm Venville, who also photographed the single covers of "High Life" and the 1998 release of "Life in Mono".
During a May 1998 online chat the band revealed plans to film a video with David LaChapelle, though there is no sign that this was ever realized.
Notes
References
1997 debut albums
Albums produced by Jim Abbiss
Mono (UK band) albums
The Echo Label albums
Mercury Records albums
Pony Canyon albums
Mount Kenney () is a sharp summit, high, in the Cathedral Peaks, rising east of Shackleton Glacier and northwest of Mount Wade, in the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica. It was discovered and photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Leroy S. Kenney of the United States Marine Corps Reserve, a helicopter and airplane pilot with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 during Operation Deep Freeze.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Master of Jazz is a Tennessee Walking Horse who won the World Grand Championship in 2007. Originally ridden in amateur horse show classes, they made the transition to professional competition in 2005 and won their breed's largest show, the Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration, two years later.
Life and career
Master of Jazz is a black stallion with a blaze on their face. They were sired by A Jazz Man, who was a son of Pride's Generator, and out of the mare Precious Pusher BW, a daughter of the World Grand Champion The Pusher. Master of Jazz was bred by Gus King of Arab, Alabama and foaled on February 28, 2001. They were later sold to Lee Wall and Mike McGartland. They were initially used by Wall as an amateur mount, but by 2005 the two decided they could win in open competition and placed them in training with Jimmy McConnell. Ridden by McConnell, Master of Jazz won stake classes in numerous shows throughout 2006 before entering the Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration. They won one split of the Stallions 15.2 and Over class, the traditional first test of horses entering the World Grand Championship, but was unable to compete further as the World Grand Championship was cancelled that year. They and McConnell repeated their win of the stallion class in 2007 before going into the World Grand Championship, which they won.
In early 2008, Master of Jazz's owners and trainer were honored at a luncheon held by then Tennessee Agriculture Commissioner Ken Givens. The luncheon is an annual event to recognize the impact of the horse industry in Tennessee and included notable horse trainers, breeders and others.
In 2015 Master of Jazz was sold to Brian and Amanda Wright and Donnie and Mrs. Headrick. The new owners moved them to Fantasy Farms at Bell Buckle, Tennessee, where they continued their breeding career.
References
World Grand Champion Tennessee Walking Horses
Individual Tennessee Walking Horses
Kay Peak () is a pyramidal peak, high, near the end of the large spur descending northwest from the Mount Murphy massif, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Commander W. Kay, U.S. Navy, leader of the Construction Unit at South Pole Station during Operation Deep Freeze 1973.
References
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
The Carpenter Homestead is a historic colonial American house and farm in Seekonk, Massachusetts. Also known as Osamequin Farm, this property includes a farmhouse and outbuildings whose construction history begins c. 1720. The farmland historically associated with the property includes in Seekonk and in Rehoboth. The main house, now a -story wood-frame structure with a gable-over-hip roof and central chimney, was begun c. 1720, underwent numerous alterations and expansions, and was given a historically sensitive restoration in the 1940s. The core portion of the main barn dates to the same time, with numerous additions in the intervening centuries, and also underwent restoration work in the 1940s. The property was under continuous ownership by the Carpenter family from its construction until 1939, and is one of Seekonk's oldest houses.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses completed in 1720
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Seekonk, Massachusetts
Rehoboth, Massachusetts
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
1720 establishments in Massachusetts
The Saint-Jean River (in French: rivière Saint-Jean) flows through the municipalities of Sainte-Louise (MRC of L'Islet Regional County Municipality), as well as Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth and La Pocatière, in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in Quebec, in Canada.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière Saint-Jean was formalized on December 5, 1968, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Ramsey Glacier () is a glacier about 45 nautical miles (80 km) long, originating in the Bush Mountains near the edge of the polar plateau and flowing north to the Ross Ice Shelf eastward of Den Hartog Peak. Discovered by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) on Flight C of February 29-March 1, 1940, and named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN), on the recommendation of R. Admiral Byrd, for Admiral DeWitt Clinton Ramsey, U.S. Navy, Vice Chief of Naval Operations during U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47.
See also
Four Ramps
References
Glaciers of Dufek Coast
Park Square is an area on Rhode Island Route 146A in North Smithfield and Woonsocket, Rhode Island near the intersection of Park Avenue and Route 146A. It is 12 miles from Providence and near Union Village.
History
In the early twentieth century, Park Square was the site of Oak Knoll Farm, a large ice cream business which had been expanded by Charles Metcalf Smith. At that time, the Park Square area contained a diner, a gas station, an amusement park in North Smithfield, and in Woonsocket, a trolley barn and fairground, where an annual fair started being held in the 1860s by the Woonsocket Agricultural and Horticultural Society. A carnival is still held yearly in the area at a field owned by the Church of Lady Queen of Martyrs, and the Woonsocket High School football team plays on nearby Barry Field. The historic Frank Wilbur House is located near Park Square.
Businesses
Park Square is currently home to many businesses, including Citizen's Bank (previously an Oldstone Bank), Park Square Urgent Care (previously a pharmacy and lunch counter), Park Square Florist, Park Square Wine & Spirits, Burger King, Wendy's, McDonald's (previously the site of Square One and Howard Johnson's), Pearl's Candy & Nuts, Ocean State Job Lot (previously Almac's until 1995), Super Stop & Shop (previously the site of a Mammoth Mart (later Mars until 1990), Star Market, and Kentucky Beef (later Burger Chef). Rehabilitation Hospital of Rhode Island (built in 1965 as Fogarty Hospital and named after Congressman John E. Fogarty) is also located in the Square.
External links and references
Villages in Providence County, Rhode Island
Villages in Rhode Island
Ruvungane Peaks () is a group of small peaks just north of Ryvingen Peak in the south part of the Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named Ruvungane.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
The Lézarde is a river of Guadeloupe. in length, it is one of the most important rivers in Guadeloupe, which flows into the town of Petit-Bourg and into the Caribbean Sea on the east coast of the island. It bears its name from the way it winds between rocks and the rainforest. The source of the river is in Merwart, at above sea level, near Icaques, in the municipality of Petit-Bourg. There are sugarcane plantations in the vicinity.
The river is known for its waterfall, known in French as Saut de la Lézarde, which lies in Guadeloupe National Park. It is a significant local tourist attraction.
References
Rivers of Guadeloupe
Rivers of France
Autonetics was a division of North American Aviation that produced various avionics but is best known for their inertial navigation systems used in submarines and intercontinental ballistic missiles. Its 188-acre facility in Anaheim, California, with 36,000 employees, was the city's largest employer. Through a series of mergers, Autonetics is now part of Boeing.
Origin
Autonetics originated in North American Aviation's Technical Research Laboratory, a small unit in the Los Angeles Division's engineering department, in 1945. In 1946, the laboratory won an Army Air Forces contract to develop a 175 to 500-mile range glide missiles. The work and the lab expanded, and by June 1948, all of the Aerophysics Laboratory was consolidated at Downey, California. The evolution of the Navaho missile program then resulted in the establishment of Autonetics as a separate division of North American Aviation in 1955, first located in Downey, moving to Anaheim, California in 1963.
Divisions
Autonetics included the Navigation Systems division, designing and producing inertial and stellar-inertial navigation systems for ships, submarines, missiles, aircraft and space vehicles. One of the automatic navigation systems produced by the division was the N-6 or NAVAN (North American Vehicle Auto Navigation) for the Navaho missile system. Other products included alignment devices and attitude reference systems for missile launchers, artillery, land survey, aircraft and missile-range ships.
The Electro Sensor Systems division built multi-function radar systems, armament control computers, data and information display systems for high performance aircraft, and sensor equipment. The radar systems included the R-14 and F-15, which were multimode, monopulse systems. This family of radars was termed NASARR (North American Search And Ranging Radar). The R-14 system was installed in the USAF F-105 Thunderchief and the more advanced F-15 system with Terrain Following capabilities was developed for the USAF F-104 Starfighter which were also used by NATO, MAP, and the Canadian Air Force. Both radar systems allowed Time On Target (ToT) impact control capability with a high degree of accuracy. The R-14 and F-15 systems used (pre-solid state) electronic vacuum tubes in their designs. Both systems were developed, built and tested at the Downey (Slauson Avenue), and Anaheim facilities.
The Data Systems division developed data-processing systems, general-purpose digital computers, ground support equipment, control systems and telemetry systems.
Autonetics built an office computer system (RECOMP), and was responsible for the guidance and control system for the Boeing-built Minuteman missiles. The division ultimately produced the Monica family of microcomputers, the D-17B Minuteman I computer, and the D-37B and D-37C Minuteman II computers, in which micro-miniaturization reduced weight by two-thirds. Autonetics also developed and tested flight programs for the D37D Minuteman III computer.
The 1966 Autonetics DDA integrator was the first MOS large scale array (LSA) using four-phase logic. After producing the DDA and other MOS-LSA circuits, the team involved decided to design a general purpose computer suitable for navigation (sometimes called the MOS GP computer). The Autonetics D200 computer was built using MOS LSAs.
Milestones
The first airplane flight of an inertial autonavigator (XN-1) in 1950.
The first flight of an all-solid-state computer (for the Navaho guidance system) in 1955.
The navigation system for the first submerged crossing of the North Pole, on board the USS Nautilus (SSN-571) in 1958.
See also
N-6 NAVAN (North American Vehicle Auto Navigation)
Autonetics RECOMP I military computer, 1957
Autonetics Recomp II office computer, 1958
Autonetics RECOMP III office computer
VERDAN (Versatile Digital Analyzer) general purpose military computer, 1959, and MARDAN (Marine Digital Analyzer; VERDAN II), part of the Ship's Inertial Navigation System (SINS), 1961
D-17B flight computer
D-37C flight computer
D-37D flight computer
Autonetics D200 flight computer
References
External links
Autonetics division of Boeing
Avionics companies
Boeing mergers and acquisitions
Kenneth A. Symington of Cañal was a British-Cuban civic leader, the last National Executive Commissioner of the Asociación de Scouts de Cuba.
Professionally they were a chemical engineer for Industria Sanitarios Nacional, S.A. in San José de las Lajas. They were also a Rotarian.
Publications
"Caverns of St. Tomas", Antonio Nunez Jimenez and Kenneth A. Symington, Bulletin of the National Speleological Society - ISSN 0146-9517 Number 17: 2-7 - December 1955
Hypomnemata: Stories, Fables, Memories, Kenneth A. Symington, Xlibris, , April 15, 2010
External links
http://www.caves.org/pub/journal/PDF/V17/v17-Jimenez.htm
Year of birth missing
Possibly living people
Scouting and Guiding in Cuba
Petar Cvirn (born 1 September 1986 in Zagreb) is a Croatian actor.
History
Cvirn first started acting at the age of 10 in a partner theatre of the Croatian National Theatre. Cvirn has been chosen since elementary school to play lead roles 14 different plays and works such as Cinderella, and as the Greek God Apolo in The Fury of the Gods. They debuted on the big screen as a 13-year-old in the movie God Forbid a Worse Thing Should Happen by Snježana Tribuson. Freedom from Despair was their next film.
Filmography
Television roles
Ruza vjetrova as Filip (2011)
Dolina sunca as Lovro Bukovac (2009–2010)
Balkan Inc. as Kreso Lisjak (2006)
Film roles
Half an Hour for Granny (2010)
Sleep Sweet, My Darling (2005)
Freedom from Despair (2004)
God Forbid a Worse Thing Should Happen (2002)
References
20th-century Croatian male actors
Croatian male film actors
Croatian male television actors
Living people
1986 births
21st-century Croatian male actors
Male actors from Zagreb
The Warmth of Other Suns: The Epic Story of America's Great Migration (2010) is a historical study of the Great Migration by Isabel Wilkerson and winner of the National Book Critics Circle Award..The book was widely acclaimed by critics.
Synopsis
The Warmth of Other Suns tells the story of the Great Migration, the movement of Black Americans out of the Southern United States to the Midwest, Northeast, and West from approximately 1915 to 1970. Throughout the twentieth century, this exodus of almost six million people changed the face of America. Wilkerson interviewed more than a thousand people, and gained access to new data and official records, to write this account of how these American journeys unfolded, altering our cities, our country, and ourselves.
With historical detail, Wilkerson tells this story through the lives of three unique individuals: Ida Mae Gladney, who in 1937 left sharecropping and prejudice in Mississippi for Chicago, where they achieved quiet blue-collar success and, in old age, voted for Barack Obama when they ran for an Illinois Senate seat; sharp and quick-tempered George Starling, who in 1945 fled Florida for Harlem, where they endangered their job fighting for civil rights, saw their family fall, and finally found peace in God; and Robert Foster, who left Louisiana in 1953 to pursue a medical career, the personal physician to Ray Charles as part of a glitteringly successful medical career, which allowed them to purchase a grand home where they often threw exuberant parties.
Title
The title of the book derives from a poem by author Richard Wright, who themselves moved from the South to Chicago, in the 1920s. The poem is excerpted here:
Awards and honors
TIME 10 Best Nonfiction Books of the Decade
New York University Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute Top Ten Works of Journalism of the Decade
New York Times bestseller (Nonfiction, 2010)
New York Times Best Books of the Year (2010)
New York Times Notable Book of the Year (Nonfiction, 2010)
Salon Book Award (Nonfiction, 2010)
Publishers Weekly's Top 10 Best Books (2010)
National Book Critics Circle Award (Nonfiction, 2011)
ALA Notable Book (2011)
Dayton Literary Peace Prize (Non-Fiction runner-up, 2011)
Pen-Galbraith Literary Award (Shortlist, 2011)
Anisfield-Wolf Book Award (2011)
Heartland Prize (Nonfiction, 2011)
Mark Lynton History Prize (2011)
The Hillman Prize (2011)
Hurston/Wright Award (2011)
The Warmth of Other Suns was a New York Times and national best seller, garnering half a dozen juried prizes. The book was named to more than 30 Best of the Year lists, including The New York Times' 10 Best Books of the Year, Amazon's 5 Best Books of 2010 and Best of the Year lists in The New Yorker, The Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, and The Boston Globe, among others.
Toni Morrison described the book as "profound, necessary, and a delight to read". Tom Brokaw praised it as "an epic for all Americans who want to understand the making of our modern nation". Critics acclaimed it as "a massive and masterly account" (The New York Times Book Review, cover review); "a deeply affecting, finely crafted and heroic book" (The New Yorker); "a brilliant and stirring epic" (The Wall Street Journal).
Editions
The Warmth of Other Suns: The Epic Story of America's Great Migration, Random House (hardcover, first),
Paperback, electronic book, and audiobook editions
Adaptations
In 2012, Ballet Memphis commissioned a production inspired by The Warmth of Other Suns entitled "Party of the Year." The ballet, choreographed by Matthew Neenan, is about a birthday bash on Christmas 1970 and is based on characters in the book.
In 2015, a television adaptation of The Warmth of Other Suns was announced. Executive produced by Shonda Rhimes, the book was slated for a limited historical drama series. The project is currently in development with Shondaland, Rhimes' production company.
References
External links
The Warmth of Other Suns, official book website
Random House Publisher's website, with Synopsis
C-SPAN Q&A interview with Wilkerson on The Warmth of Other Suns, September 26, 2010
Wilkerson Interview with Krista Tippett, "On Being" broadcast November 2016
2010 non-fiction books
Books about African-American history
African-American demographics
Works about internal migrations in the United States
Charles Percy Abbott (born 10 June 1939) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL), a polo player, and the recipient of the Australian Sports Medal.
Education
Educated at Caulfield Grammar School (Dux of school, 1956) – where they were a member of the school's athletic team, First IV (tennis), First XI (cricket), as well as its First XVIII (football) – and at the University of Melbourne where they gained a LL.B. in 1962.
Football
In 1958, they played for Caulfield Grammarians Football Club in C-Section of the Victorian Amateur Football Association (VAFA). In 1959, they played for Trinity College in the University of Melbourne's Inter-College Championship and was selected as the best and fairest player for that year's competition.
Playing at centre, they were best on the ground in the University Blues' 1960 upset VAFA A-Section Grand Final win over Old Melburnians Football Club, 9.10 (64) to 6.6 (42).
Recruited from University Blues, and granted a permit in March 1961, they played just 17 games in three years at Hawthorn. They played their last match, at centre, for Hawthorn in its 1963 semi-final loss to Geelong. They were replaced by Ron Nalder in both the Preliminary Final against Melbourne, and the Grand Final against Geelong. They retired from football just before the 1964 season in order to concentrate on their legal studies.
Polo
A talented polo player with the Hexham Club (as was Carlton's John Goold), Abbott was awarded the Australian Sports Medal on 24 October 2000 for services to polo as both a player and an administrator. They served as President of the Victorian Polo Association from 1983 to 1992; and, in 1992, was made a life member.
Law
Holding a Legal Practising Certificate, they are a member of the Law Institute of Victoria, and a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
Abbot has also held chairpersonships and directorships of publicly listed property companies and trusts, private equity and corporate services companies and publicly listed international insurance companies, including Norwich Union Group for 21 years (Deputy Chairman), Norwich Winterthur Insurance Limited and Norwich Union Life Assurance Limited; and they have also carried out pro bono work involving fund raising and management, serving variously as Chairman of the Trinity College Foundation (University of Melbourne), as member of the Finance committee of the Murdoch Institute, and as a Director of the Hawthorn Football Club Foundation.
See also
List of Caulfield Grammar School people
Footnotes
References
Hobbs, Greg, "Amateur Rover to Try for Magpies", The Age, (Friday, 18 February 1964), p.20.
Holmesby, Russell & Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
Norris, Geoffrey, Victoria's Polo: 1874 to 2014 (Gruyere), 2014.
Tuohy, W., "Masters of a princely pursuit", The Age, (Friday, 15 March 1985), p.26.
External links
AFL Player Statistics: Charles Abbott
Charles Abbott, far right, Victorian Polo Association Tournament, Werribee Park, 1990.
Charles Abbott, with bottle of champagne, at Victorian Polo Association Tournament, Werribee Park, 1990.
University of Melbourne: Charles Abbott Scholarship (tenable at Trinity College), awarded to an outstanding student in any discipline who will make a valuable contribution to the College through sport.
1939 births
People educated at Caulfield Grammar School
People educated at Trinity College (University of Melbourne)
Melbourne Law School alumni
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Caulfield Grammarians Football Club players
Hawthorn Football Club players
University Blues Football Club players
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
Australian polo players
Living people
Fellows of the Australian Institute of Company Directors
The 873rd Tactical Missile Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 498th Tactical Missile Group at Kadena Air Base, Okinawa. The squadron was first activated in 1943 for service during World War II as the 873rd Bombardment Squadron. After training in the United States with Boeing B-29 Superfortress bombers, the squadron moved to the Mariana Islands, where it participated in the strategic bombing campaign against Japan, earning two Distinguished Unit Citations before the end of hostilities in August 1945. The squadron returned to the United States in December 1945 and was inactivated in March 1946, and its personnel and equipment transferred to another organization.
The 873rd was activated again at Kadena in 1961, and became the first Air Force unit to operate the TM-76B Mace cruise missile before inactivating in 1965.
History
B-29 Superfortress operations against Japan
The squadron was first activated at Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico in November 1943 as one of the four original squadrons of the 498th Bombardment Group, an early Boeing B-29 Superfortress very heavy bomber squadrons. The squadron trained in New Mexico and at Great Bend Army Air Field, Kansas with early model B-29s until July 1944, when it began its deployment to the Pacific.
The squadron arrived at its combat station, Isely Field, Saipan in September 1944. The squadron's first missions were flown against targets on Iwo Jima and Truk Island. On 24 November 1944, the squadron participated in the first raid on Japan by bombers based in the Mariana Islands. The squadron initially engaged in high altitude daylight attacks against industrial targets in Japan, It was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation (DUC) for an attack on an aircraft manufacturing plant in Nagoya on 13 December 1944.
In March 1945, the tactics of Twentieth Air Force changed and the squadron began flying low level night attacks with incendiaries against area targets. The 873rd received a second DUC for its actions during a low level raid on urban industries near Kobe and Osaka in June 1945. Squadron operations also included attacks on airfields in Okinawa during the invasion of Okinawa in April 1945. After V-J Day, the squadron remained on Saipan until November and reassembled at March Field, California the following month. It became one of the first bombardment units in Strategic Air Command in March 1946, but was inactivated on 4 August and its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 370th Bombardment Squadron, which was simultaneously activated.
Tactical missile operations
The squadron was redesignated the 873rd Tactical Missile Squadron and reactivated in 1961 as a TM-76 Mace surface to surface missile squadron at Kadena Air Base Okinawa in February 1961. However, it was not until early in 1962 that the squadron's first launch site at Bolo Point became operational. Early arrivals to the squadron assisted contractor personnel in making the launch sites operational. Other launch sites were at Onna Point, White Beach, and in Kin just north of Camp Hansen, although once all four sites were operational they were split with the 874th Tactical Missile Squadron. The squadron was equipped with the B model of the Mace, which was deployed so that a single crew was able to launch all missiles located at a single launch site directly from the underground bunkers in which they were stored. The 873rd was the first squadron equipped with the TM-76B, which used an inertial guidance system.
During the Cuban Missile Crisis, the squadron was placed on high alert status. Missile downtime for routine maintenance was not permitted, and when a malfunction required taking a missile off alert, its planned target had to be covered by placing a Republic F-105 Thunderchief on cockpit alert at the end of Kadena's runway. The 873rd was inactivated in July 1965 and remaining Mace operations were transferred directly to the 498th Group, which remained active until 1969. One of the dismantled Mace sites now houses a Buddhist training center for Soka Gakkai International. The facility is now known as the "Fortress of Peace" and houses two museums including one devoted to the nuclear weapons once based on Okinawa.
Lineage
Constituted as the 873rd Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 19 November 1943
Activated on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 4 August 1946
Redesignated 873rd Tactical Missile Squadron and activated on 16 September 1960 (not organized)
Organized on 8 February 1961
Inactivated on 8 July 1965
Assignments
498th Bombardment Group, 20 November 1943 – 4 August 1946
Pacific Air Forces, 25 April 1961 (not organized)
498th Tactical Missile Group, 8 February 1961 – 8 July 1965
Stations
Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, 20 November 1943
Great Bend Army Air Field, Kansas, 13 April – 16 July 1944
Isely Field, Saipan, 7 September 1944 – 1 November 1945
March Field, California, c. 7 December 1945
MacDill Field, Florida, 5 January – 4 August 1946
Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, 8 February 1961 – 8 July 1965
Aircraft and missiles
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, 1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1944–1946
Martin TM-76B (later MGM-13C, CGM-13C) Mace, 1961–1965
Awards and campaigns
See also
B-17 Flying Fortress units of the United States Army Air Forces
List of B-29 Superfortress operators
List of United States Air Force missile squadrons
References
Notes
Bibliography
Missile squadrons of the United States Air Force
Military units and formations of the United States in the Cold War
The following is a list of the 246 communes of the Cantal department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
(CABA) Communauté d'agglomération du Bassin d'Aurillac
(CCCGC) Communauté de communes de Cère et Goul en Carladès
(CCCC) Communauté de communes de la Châtaigneraie Cantalienne
(CCMS) Communauté de communes du Massif du Sancy (partly)
(CCPG) Communauté de communes du Pays Gentiane
(CCPM) Communauté de communes du Pays de Mauriac
(CCPS) Communauté de communes du Pays de Salers
(CCSA) Communauté de communes Sumène Artense
(HTC) Hautes Terres Communauté
(SFC) Saint-Flour Communauté
References
Cantal
D13 may refer to:
, an Almirante Brown-class destroyer of the Argentine Navy
Dublin 13, a postal district in Ireland
Fokker D.XIII, a Dutch fighter aircraft
General Flores (ship), an Almirante Clemente-class destroyer of the Venezuelan Navy
LNER Class D13, an English 4-4-0 steam tender locomotive
Pennsylvania Railroad class D13, an American 4-4-0 steam locomotive; see Pennsylvania Railroad locomotive classification
D13 series of Honda D engines
D13, a bald eagle from the 2012 clutch of the Decorah Bald Eagles
William Wain is a former Australian international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Wain was selected as part of the five-man team by Australia for the 1988 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Auckland, New Zealand.
They won a pairs gold medal (with Dennis Katunarich) and a fours bronze medal, at the 1987 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Lae, Papua New Guinea.
References
Australian male bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Flight 901 is an airline flight number that has had multiple accidents and incidents over the years. As so, the designation may refer to:
Austrian Airlines Flight 901, a Vickers Viscount crash near Moscow Sheremetyevo Airport, on 26 September 1960, 31 killed
Paradise Airlines Flight 901A, crashed on the city of Lake Tahoe, California, United States, March 1, 1964, killing all 85 occupants
Sterling Airways Flight 901, a Sud-Aviation Caravelle which experienced a landing gear failure which subsequently ruptured the fuel tank, killing 15 people on 15 March, 1974
Air New Zealand Flight 901, a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 collision with Mount Erebus, Antarctica, on 28 November 1979, 257 killed
Austral Líneas Aéreas Flight 901, a BAC One-Eleven crash near Buenos Aires, on May 7 1981, 31 killed
Scandinavian Airlines System Flight 901, a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 runway excursion at John F. Kennedy Airport, on 28 February 1984; all 177 survived
Vieques Air Link Flight 901A, crashed into the Atlantic Ocean off Vieques, Puerto Rico, August 2, 1984, killing all 9 occupants.
Alas Chiricanas Flight 901, a Embraer EMB 110 Bandeirante bombing in Panama, on 19 July 1994, 21 killed
Aviateca Flight 901, a Boeing 737-200 collision with San Vicente volcano, El Salvador, on 9 August 1995, 65 killed
See also
Flight 191 (disambiguation)
Flight 1 / 001 (disambiguation)
Flight 101 (disambiguation)
0901
Michael David Flynn (born July 31, 1953) is an American former professional basketball player. They played as a guard.
Flynn was born in Casablanca, Morocco but grew up in Jeffersonville, Indiana, USA. They attended Jeffersonville High School, where they were Indiana's Mr. Basketball and a Parade All-American in 1971. Flynn then played at the University of Kentucky, where they scored 835 points in three seasons and reached the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship in 1975 before losing to UCLA. During the late 1970s and early 1980s they competed professionally for the Indiana Pacers and in Sweden.
Flynn was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame in 2005.
Flynn also pitched in the Little League World Series in 1965 as a member of the George Rogers Clark All-Stars of Jeffersonville, IN.
Flynn has four children: three sons, and one daughter. B.J. and Michael Flynn played for the University of Louisville, while Marcus Flynn played for Bellarmine University.
References
External links
College Statistics at BigBlueHistory.net
Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame profile
1953 births
Living people
Alviks BK players
American expatriate basketball people in Sweden
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Indiana
Indiana Pacers players
Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
People from Jeffersonville, Indiana
Philadelphia 76ers draft picks
Point guards
Sportspeople from Casablanca
The railway from Épinal-Bussang is a French 56 km long railway that runs between the cities of Épinal and Remiremont.
Route
The Épinal–Bussang railway leaves the Gare d'Épinal, entering its terminus Gare de Remiremont after a total length of 56 km. Before 1989, it continued to Bussang. The railway runs along the Moselle river.
Main Stations
The Épinal–Bussang railway serves three main stations.
Gare d'Épinal
Gare d'Arches
Gare de Remiremont
Infrastructure
The speed limit on the line is limited to 90 km/h due to the curvature of the Moselle river, which it runs along.
Partial electrification
The line was partially electrified (25 kV - 50 Hz) on 23 May 2005 between Épinal et Remiremont, in anticipation of TGV services which began on 10 June 2007. This coincided with the opening of the LGV Est.
Rail services
The railway is used by SNCF train services part of both the TGV and TER Grand Est networks. The route between Remiremont and Bussang continues to be operated by a replacement bus service.
References
Railway lines in Grand Est
Ivan Zachariáš (born 19 October 1971 in Praha) is a Czech film director, who has made commercials for Stella Artois, Land Rover, Volvo and Adidas.
Biography
Zachariáš studied film at the Film and TV School of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (FAMU). They were a student at the school during the Velvet Revolution, and began directing commercials and music videos for the new advertising agencies and production companies which were being established. During their career, their work has won the Golden Lion six times at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity. The Museum of Modern Art in New York acquired their short film Mulit as part of the Association of Independent Commercial Producers awards showcase in 2007. In 2014, Zachariáš directed Jeff Bridges reprising their role of "The Dude" from The Big Lebowski for a Kahlua advertisement.  They are represented as a commercial director by the production company Smuggler.
In 2016, Zachariáš made their television debut with the crime drama Wasteland for HBO Europe, which won the Czech Lion for best drama series.
In 2019, they directed HBO's The Sleepers, a spy thriller about the Velvet Revolution.
References
External links
Living people
1971 births
Film directors from Prague
Advertising directors
Carnegie Hall is a 1947 American musical drama film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. It stars Marsha Hunt and William Prince. A Federal Films production. Released thru United Artists.
Ulmer made Carnegie Hall with the help of conductor Fritz Reiner, godfather of the Ulmers' daughter, Arianné. The New York City concert venue Carnegie Hall serves as the film's setting for the plot and performances presented. A tribute to classical music and Carnegie Hall, the film features appearances by some of the prominent music figures of 20th century performing within the legendary concert hall. Based on a story by silent movie actor Seena Owen, Carnegie Hall follows the life of Irish immigrant Nora Ryan who arrives in America just as the grand concert hall is christened in 1891, and whose life is intertwined with the performers, conductors, aspiring artists and humble employees who call it home. The plot serves as a thread to connect the music performances.
Plot
Nora (Marsha Hunt), a dresser at Carnegie Hall, is cleaning in preparation for the next evening's concert. Walter Damrosch is rehearsing their Symphony Society of New York in Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1. A pianist of the orchestra, Tony Salerno (Hans Jeray), is filling in for the rehearsal as their soloist is unavailable. They begin deliberately changing the accents and rhythms to fit their own interpretation and throws off Maestro Damrosch and the orchestra, and after a tense exchange, Tony walks off the stage. On their way out they pass Nora and John (Frank McHugh), and as Nora entreats them to be reasonable, they snap at them and leaves. John gruffs to them that they are "too big for their britches," but they feel sorry for him. That night they stop by their apartment to talk to them and apologize, but they insist on being right in their musical sensibilities, and questions what Nora would know about music. They defend their love of music, relating how they were a little girl when Maestro Damrosch found them waiting outside the Hall just before one of the premiere performances conducted by Tchaikovsky, himself, was to begin, and through their generosity they got a seat of their very own. That was 20 years ago, they say, placing our story in the 1911-1912 season. They tell Tony to apologize and tell Maestro Damrosch that they were correct, and they ask to see them the next night.
They meet and they take them to the apartment of the home of Anton Tribek, Tympanist of the orchestra. Nora asks Tony what Anton is congratulating them about, and they confess that they apologized to Damrosch and was allowed perform as the soloist that evening. As their guests and their wife gathers around their piano to play a movement of the Schumann Piano Quintet, Tony and Nora have a quiet, intimate encounter. During the somber music Anton gossips with their wife that they should be playing the Wedding March of Mendelssohn, instead.
Nora and Tony are married soon after, and a baby arrives. Nora watches over them on a wintry night in their apartment, humming a theme from Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto. John comes by to ask for Tony; Nora says that he's still at rehearsal, but John has a curious expression on their face. They leaf before Nora can press them further, and after some time Tony arrives home very drunk. They say he's quit their job, and Nora begs them to reconsider. In a fit of independence, they stumble out into the hallway, but falls down the stairs and is killed.
Several years later Tony, Jr. is practicing at the piano under their mother's watchful eye. At work John overhears that Nora is up for an office position at a considerable raise. Now they can help young Tony get all the musical training they will need in their quest to make them into a fine musician, as well as afford tickets to all the performances. They even move to an apartment directly across 57th Street to be nearer to all the great artists. The marquee changes posters to show passage of time, but also introduces various musical interludes including coloratura Lily Pons, cellist Gregor Piatigorsky, mezzo-soprano Risë Steven's, and pianist Arthur Rubinstein, who gives John some music to take to Tony, saying they should practice "Bach, Bach, and Bach."
Tony, now a young man (played by William Prince), has a habit while practicing of improvising on their classical music, with a bit of jazz or boogie-woogie influence, much to their mother's chagrin. They leaf quickly to go play for a lesson given by tenor Jan Peerce to a new student; we hear them singing the words "Some time We Will Meet Again" set to the very tune Tony's mother hummed as a lullaby. Tony is smitten with the girl, who is introduced to them as Ruth (Martha O'Driscoll). Jan Peerce has Tony accompany them on "O sole mio" to demonstrate how one must first enjoy singing, and to relax. Tony follows Ruth out of the lesson, and as they try to ask them on a date, suddenly they are interrupted by a costumer working with bass Ezio Pinza, who is outraged by their costume for Don Giovanni. The two follow to try to reason with Pinza, and Tony plays through a couple of arias to calm them down and warm them up for the evening's performance.
They agree to meet at an expensive nightclub, which Tony realizes they cannot afford, and passes when the server offers drinks. The musical set begins, and they spot Ruth on stage with Vaughn Monroe and their orchestra as one of their backup singers. They join them and assures that they are a guest of the club that evening and to order anything they want. Monroe comes over to be introduced and after Ruth tells them Tony is a "real pianist", they invite them to sit in on the next set. In spite of their protestations, they agree, and finds they enjoy playing with the band. Later that evening, Monroe offers them to come on tour with the band, and they quickly accept, especially when they realize Ruth will be on the tour, as well. They kiss goodnight in their whirlwind newfound love.
At home, Nora has been fitfully sleeping knowing that Tony isn't home. They arrive, and they awaken to talk to him.  They are overjoyed to tell them how they will be able to send their money now and they won't have to save every penny for their studies. But they are disappointed when they find out it's for a big band rather than for a classical engagement, and they beg them to turn it down because they are an artist, not just another popular musician. They resent the implication that it makes them any less of a musician, and they scrounge up their few possessions and leaves that very night, suggesting that perhaps their father was right, after all.
A sequence with Jascha Heifetz playing the Tchaikovsky Violin Concerto happens, and as the theme is reached that reminds them of Tony's father and their brief life together, Nora leaves the performance in tears. Running into Heifetz after the performance, they thank them for their support of a young protégé through Carnegie Hall's education and performance opportunities that Nora is in charge of. They protest that they only did it for Carnegie Hall and that they will be leaving their post soon, but Heifetz tells her, "Nora, YOU are Carnegie Hall."
Years pass and Tony has become a successful recording artist, and has made good on their promise to make their mother comfortable, even though they remain estranged. Them maid puts on the latest album, telling Nora that they have founded a fan club in honor of Tony, and that they buy a their records. They leaf, but Nora, intrigued, decides to realky listen for herself, and finds that the music is a mixture of their classical influences, especially Chopin, with the jazz that they have since learned. Ruth arrives suddenly, and introduces themselves only to say that Tony left them suddenly from their last tour stop in California after an argument. Ruth thought to find them back in New York and then sent a wire to them to apologize when they realized they aren't there, but Tony had cabled them from Chicago to tell staying where they are and that all would be explained. Nora sees the chance to fix things with their son and they tell Ruth they will fly to Chicago that night and calls John to arrange tickets and transportation to the airport. John sets their own plan into motion, not buying the airline tickets, which tricks the pair into coming to Carnegie Hall to see him. They lead them to their seats for a performance by Leopold Stokowski and the New York Philharmonic of Tchaikovsky's Symphony No. 5, but Nora can only fret about the time and not enjoy the music. Stokowski goes to the edge of the curtain and announces that a new piece by a young American composer will be performed that night, and Tony walks out to their surprise to lead the orchestra from the piano in their 57th Street Rhapsody. The piece receives enthusiastic applause, and Tony smiles broadly from the stage at both their mother and Ruth.
Cast
Marsha Hunt as Nora Ryan
William Prince as Tony Salerno Jr.
Frank McHugh as John Donovan
Martha O'Driscoll as Ruth Hainess
Hans Jaray as Tony Salerno Sr.
Joseph Buloff as Anton Tribik
Alfonso D'Artega as Tchaikovsky
Cloris Leachman as Dancing Nightclub Patron – Vaughn Monroe sequence (uncredited)
Barbara Woodell as Nellie – Irish Charwoman (uncredited)
Music guests
Walter Damrosch (conductor)
Olin Downes (music critic)
Jascha Heifetz (violinist)
Harry James (trumpeter)
Vaughn Monroe (band leader)
Jan Peerce (vocalist)
Gregor Piatigorsky (cellist)
Ezio Pinza (vocalist)
Lily Pons (vocalist)
Fritz Reiner (conductor)
Artur Rodziński (conductor)
Arthur Rubinstein (pianist)
Risë Stevens (vocalist)
Leopold Stokowski (conductor)
Bruno Walter (conductor)
New York Philharmonic Quintet (John Corigliano Sr., William Lincer, Nadia Reisenberg, Leonard Rose, Michael Rosenker)
Music
Richard Wagner – Prelude from Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg – New York Philharmonic, Bruno Walter, conductor
Léo Delibes – "Bell Song" from opera Lakmé – sung by Lily Pons
Camille Saint-Saëns – "The Swan" from The Carnival of the Animals – Gregor Piatigorsky, cello
Georges Bizet – "Seguidilla" from Carmen – sung by Risë Stevens (mezzo-soprano)
Ludwig van Beethoven – Symphony No. 5 (excerpts) – New York Philharmonic, Artur Rodziński, conductor
Frédéric Chopin – Polonaise héroïque – Arthur Rubinstein, piano
Manuel de Falla – "Ritual Fire Dance" – Arthur Rubinstein, piano
Eduardo di Capua – "'O sole mio" – sung by Jan Peerce (tenor)
Giuseppe Verdi – "Il lacerato spirito" from Simon Boccanegra – sung Ezio Pinza (bass)
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart – "Fin ch'han dal vino" from Don Giovanni- sung Ezio Pinza (bass)
Sam Coslow – "Beware, My Heart" – sung by Vaughn Monroe
Frank L. Ryerson/Wilton Moore – "The Pleasure's All Mine" – sung by Vaughn Monroe
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky – Violin Concerto in D major, first movement – New York Philharmonic, Fritz Reiner, conductor, Jasha Heifetz, violin
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky – Symphony No. 5, second movement – New York Philharmonic, Leopold Stokowski, conductor
Hal Borne – "Brown Danube" – sung by Harry James
Mischa Portnoff – The 57th Street Rhapsody (composed for this film) – pianist uncertain; Portnoff's hands are filmed playing the climactic piece.
References
External links
"Carnegie Hall, in Which an Array of Musical Talent Is Seen, Has Dual Premiere – Two Other Films Arrive" by Bosley Crowther, The New York Times, May 3, 1947
1947 films
1940s musical drama films
American black-and-white films
American musical drama films
Carnegie Hall
Films about classical music and musicians
Films directed by Edgar G. Ulmer
Films set in concert halls
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
United Artists films
Cultural depictions of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
1947 drama films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The Cape Government Railways 3rd Class 4-4-0 of 1901 was a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape of Good Hope.
In 1901, the Cape Government Railways placed another six 3rd Class Wynberg Tender locomotives with a American type wheel arrangement in suburban service in Cape Town. It was a heavier and more powerful version of the 3rd Class locomotive of 1898.
Manufacturer
Six more Wynberg Tender passenger locomotives entered service on the Cape Government Railways (CGR) in 1901 for suburban service in Cape Town. They were built by Sharp, Stewart and Company and numbered in the range from 6 to 11.
Also designed by H.M. Beatty, these locomo­tives were very similar in design to the 3rd Class of 1898, but larger and more powerful. They were built for speed and had the largest coupled wheels of any locomotive on the CGR to date, at diameter.
In later years, this driving wheel size became the accepted size for mixed traffic and general purpose locomotives on mainline service in South Africa. During the rest of the steam era in South Africa, only four locomotive types were to be introduced with larger driving wheels, post-delivery modifi­cations excluded.
Service
Cape Government Railways
These locomotives were also known as Wynberg Tenders. They were also designed with reverse running in mind, with a weatherboard mounted on the six-wheeled tender's front to protect the crew from the elements when running tender first.
South African Railways
When the Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, the three Colonial government railways (CGR, Natal Government Railways and Central South African Railways) were united under a single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. Although the South African Railways and Harbours came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways were only implemented with effect from 1 January 1912.
In 1912, the six locomotives were considered obsolete by the SAR, designated Class 03 and renumbered by having the numeral "0" prefixed to their existing numbers. In SAR service, they continued to work Cape Town's suburban trains. Despite being considered obsolete, all six engines survived until c. 1918, when two were withdrawn from service. The other four survived in service until after 1931.
Work numbers
The works number, original numbers and renumbering of the Cape 3rd Class of 1901 are listed in the table.
References
0300
0300
4-4-0 locomotives
2′B n2 locomotives
Sharp Stewart locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1901
1901 in South Africa
Scrapped locomotives
John Gale (1516/17 – 1554), of Crediton, Devon, was an English politician who served as MP for Totnes in 1545 and for Tavistock in 1547. Gale died in 1554 leaving their entire estate to their wife, Elizabeth.
References
1517 births
1554 deaths
People from Crediton
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Totnes
English MPs 1545–1547
English MPs 1547–1552
Members of the Parliament of England for Tavistock
The Samsung SGH-A561, also known as Samsung A746, is a flip open or folding mobile phone released by Samsung corporation in August 2008. It has both 2G (GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900) and 3G network (HSDPA 850 / 1900) as well as EDGE for faster internet access.
Camera
It was one of the first swiveling camera phones, in which the 2.0-megapixel camera can rotate back and front, providing the user with more control over taking pictures and video calling.
Memory
The phone has an internal memory of 50 MB and can hold up to 4 GB on a microSD. This allows for 1,000 entries in the phone book, and 20 dialed, received and missed calls in the call records.
Features
Messaging - SMS, EMS, MMS, em-ail, instant messaging
Browser - WAP 2.0/xHTML, HTML
Games
Java - MIDP 2.0
Video - MP4/3gp player
App
Voice memo
Organizer
World clock
Stopwatch
Countdown timer
References
A561
Mobile phones introduced in 2008
Koujeng Leima () is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion.  They are a wife of God Koupalu (Koubru).  They are of tribal origin, but later worshipped by the Meiteis.
 They are one of the nine Laibenthous (goddesses who participated in the festival of God Eputhou Thangjing).
Etymology
The female given name "Koucheng Leima" (ꯀꯧꯆꯦꯡ ꯂꯩꯃ, /kə́u.ceŋ lə́i.ma/) or "Koujeng Leima" (ꯀꯧꯖꯦꯡ ꯂꯩꯃ, /kə́u.jeŋ lə́i.ma/) is made up of two Meitei language words, "Koucheng" and "Leima". Morphologically, "Koucheng" (ꯀꯧꯆꯦꯡ, /kə́u.ceŋ/) is made up of "Kou" (ꯀꯧ, /kə́u/) and "Cheng" (ꯆꯦꯡ, /ceŋ/). In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Kou" (ꯀꯧ, /kə́u/) means "short" or "insufficient". The term is usually used to mean clothes, curtains, draperies, dresses or tapestries.
"Cheng" (ꯆꯦꯡ, /ceŋ/) or its derivative "Jeng" (ꯖꯦꯡ, /jeŋ/) means "to become narrower" or "to get compressed" in Meitei language (Manipuri language).
The Meitei term "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ, /lə́i.ma/) means queen. The word "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ, /lə́i.ma/) itself is made up of two words, "Lei" (ꯂꯩ, /lə́i/) and "Ma" (ꯃ, /ma/). "Lei" (ꯂꯩ, /lə́i/) means land and "Ma" (ꯃ, /ma/) means mother.
Mythology
Legends say that goddess Koujeng Leima () is a tribal lady. So they have a separate home.  They are not allowed to participate in the assembly of the gods and goddesses at the Lai Haraoba of God Koubru. In the evening of the day of Lai Lamthokpa ceremony of the Lai Haraoba festival, God Koubru, their wife, their son and their daughter-in-law visited the shrine of goddess Koujeng Leima.
Worship
One day of the Lai Haraoba of God Koubru is especially shifted to the abode (pantheon) of Goddess Koujeng Leima. It is done in their honor. In the shrine of goddess Koujeng Leima, all single events done at other days will be re-enacted.
During the period of political turmoil in September, 2009, many pilgrims offered prayers to Goddess Koujeng Leima in their sacred shrine of the "Koujeng Leima Lairembi Laiphamlen" in Sekmai. They invoked them for the success of the movements led by the Apunba Lup and for the restoration of peace in Manipur.
Namesake
The "Koujeng Leima Youth Development Organisation" is an active youth group in Sekmai region of Manipur. It functions in the actions against drugs and intoxicants. On the 31st December 2013 and the New Year Day of 2014, the organization imposed a ban on picnicking in Sekmai. Later, the ban was lifted. However, they cautioned people not to drink alcohol and become drunk.
See also
Kounu
Nungthel Leima
Loyalakpa
References
Bibliography
Division, India Census (1969). Minapur. Office of the Registrar General. p. 15.
Lancha, Ningthouja. KANGLA LANPUNG Volume VIII Issue II: Summer 2014. RK Sanatomba Memorial Trust, Imphal.
General, India Office of the Registrar (1962). Census of India, 1961. Manager of Publications. p. 48.
Abundance goddesses
Arts goddesses
Asian goddesses
Beauty goddesses
Dance goddesses
Fortune goddesses
Leima
Love and lust goddesses
Magic goddesses
Maintenance goddesses
Marriage goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Mountain goddesses
Music and singing goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature goddesses
Peace goddesses
The Nevada Theatre, also known as the Cedar Theatre, located in downtown Nevada City, California, is California's oldest existing theater building. Its principal periods of significance were 1850–1874, 1875–1899, 1900–1924, and 1925–1949.
History
After the three-story Bailey House Hotel, at Broad and Bridge Streets, burned down in 1863, the Nevada Theatre Association began fundraising for a new building. Stock was sold at $100 a share, and a ball was held June 1865 to cover the remaining costs for the rustic vernacular Victorian building. The building's architect, builder, and engineer are unknown. When the theater opened on September 9, 1865, the first performance was the John Poole two-act comedy entitled The Dutch Governor, or 'Twould Puzzle a Conjurer.
Silent films were screened as early as 1908, and the theater underwent a remodel in 1909, retrofitted as a movie house. A slanted floor and electric lights were added in 1915. By 1957, it closed because of a sluggish economy, but it was later purchased through public donations and reopened in 1968.
Building
With over 200 seats, including balcony seating, the theater is in use year round for both live performance and movies. It is wheelchair accessible.
The backstage area is located under the stage and is painted baby blue. It includes a small room with makeup mirrors.
Performers
Notable past performers include Lotta Crabtree, Mötley Crüe, Jack London, Emma Nevada, Mark Twain, and The Second City comedy troupe.
Present day main users include:
LeGacy Productions
Nevada Theatre Film Series
Sierra Stages
Community Asian Theatre of the Sierra
Wild & Scenic Environmental Film Festival
Commissions
The Nevada County Liberal Arts Commission was formed in the 1960s to purchase the building from United Artists. The Nevada Theatre Commission, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation, followed the first commission and, with a Board of Directors, is the governing body of the Nevada Theatre. It owns, operates, restores, and utilizes the theater "To preserve and develop the historic Nevada Theatre and its other historic properties in order to provide the community with an accessible, usable and valuable cultural asset" (Mission Statement).
Landmark
The theater is registered as California Historical Landmark No. 863, and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 14, 1973. The landmark plaque reads:
CALIFORNIA'S OLDEST EXISTING THEATRE BUILDING, THE NEVADA OPENED SEPTEMBER 9, 1865. CELEBRITIES SUCH AS MARK TWAIN, JACK LONDON, AND EMMA NEVADA HAVE APPEARED ON ITS STAGE. CLOSED IN 1957, THE THEATRE WAS LATER PURCHASED THROUGH PUBLIC DONATIONS AND REOPENED MAY 7, 1968 TO AGAIN SERVE THE CULTURAL NEEDS OF THE COMMUNITY.
CALIFORNIA REGISTERED HISTORICAL LANDMARK NO. 863
PLAQUE PLACED BY THE STATE DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION IN COOPERATION WITH THE HISTORICAL LANDMARKS AND LIBERAL ARTS COMMISSIONS OF NEVADA COUNTY, APRIL 27, 1974.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nevada County, California
California Historical Landmarks in Nevada County
References
External links
Official Nevada Theatre website
Landmark designation at Office of Historic Preservation, California State Parks
Theatres in California
Cinemas and movie theaters in California
Buildings and structures in Nevada City, California
History of Nevada City, California
Theatres completed in 1865
California Historical Landmarks
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in California
National Register of Historic Places in Nevada County, California
Organizations established in 1865
Tourist attractions in Nevada County, California
Victorian architecture in California
Arts organizations established in the 1860s
Nataliya Trafimava (born 16 June 1979) is a retired Belarusian basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
Belarusian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Belarus
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Forwards (basketball)
Olaus (Olov) Svebilius (1 January 1624 – 29 June 1700) was a Swedish priest and professor.
They were Bishop of the Diocese of Linköping and Archbishop of Uppsala.
Their most notable work was Martin Luthers Lilla katekes med Katekesförklaring, a Swedish language translation and explanation of Luther's Small Catechism.
Biography
They were born in Ljungby parish in Kalmar, Sweden. They were the son of Jöran Ericsson Swebilius (1589–1669) and Ingeborg Larsdotter (1596–1672). Their father served as crown commander (Kronobefallningsman) at Södra Möre, now part of Kalmar municipality. The surname Svebilius was derived from their grandfather's farm Sveby in Sillerud parish (Sveby gård i Sillerud) in Värmland.
They studied at University of Uppsala in 1638, two years later they enrolled in Königsberg University, and thereafter moved back to Uppsala earning their Master of Philosophy in 1649. They subsequently conducted study trips to Strasbourg and Paris where they studied law.
Appointed associate professor in Kalmar in 1652, they became rector and associate professor of philosophy in 1656, ordained priest in 1658, became associate professor of theology that same year and vicar of Ljungby in Kalmar diocese in 1663. They subsequently transferred to a theology professorship at Lund University.
They were appointed court chaplain in 1668, in 1670 was entrusted with the teachings theology to future King Charles XI of Sweden (1655–1697)
and in 1671 became Pastor primarius at Storkyrkan church in Stockholm.
After their coronation in 1675, King Charles declared it obligatory for all commoners to learn to read Luther's Small Catechism as translated by Olov Svebilius. In 1678, Svebilius became Bishop of the Diocese of Linköping and in 1681 Archbishops of Uppsala.
They were the Speaker of the Clergy in the Riksdag between 1682 and 1697.
Personal life
In 1658, they married Elisabeth Gyllenadler (1639–1680), daughter of Samuel Enander (1607–1670) who was Bishop of the Diocese of Linköping (1655–1670).
Their children were ennobled Adlerberg and introduced at the House of Nobility. A branch of the family were elevated to counts by the Czar of Russia and thus part of the Russian nobility.
See also
List of Archbishops of Uppsala
References
External links
Martin Luthers Lilla katekes med Katekesförklaring
1624 births
1700 deaths
People from Kalmar Municipality
Uppsala University alumni
Lund University faculty
Lutheran archbishops of Uppsala
Lutheran bishops of Linköping
17th-century Lutheran archbishops
17th-century Swedish people
In the tribal law of the Noongar, an indigenous Australian people, a kinship classification system determined descent and inheritance, and enforced restrictions on intermarriage between certain groups.
Types
Western Australia: An atlas of human endeavour divides the Noongar classification systems into four types:
Perth
Matrilineal moieties and matrilineal clans
Includes Amangu, Yued, Wadjuk, Pinjareb, Wilmen, Ganeang, and Wardandi.
These groups were split between the (White Cockatoo) Manitjmat and (Australian Raven) Wardungmat moieties; children were born into the mother's moiety. Both groups are exogamous.
Bibelmen
Patrilineal moieties and patrilineal local descent groups
Includes Bibelmen and Mineng
These groups used the same Manitjmat and Wardunmat moieties, but they determined descent patrilineally.
Nyakinyaki
They had section levels similar to the Western Desert types, which were both patrilineal local descent groups
Includes Balardong and Nyakinyaki
These groups used (Bee-eater) Birranga and (Sacred Kingfisher) Djuak as the "skin" groups.
Wudjari
Similar to the Nyakinyaki, but they had named patrilineal "totemic" descent units.
Includes Goreng and Wudjari
Terminology
Local descent groups are generally patrilineal in type, in which members are linked by both descent and through mythological ties to a named ancestor. Local descent groups are always exogamous. They are associated with specific territories held collectively in trust in perpetuity.
Totemic descent groups are similar, but the mythical significance of the species after whom the descent group is named is much stronger, and figures much more significantly in the myths of its members. Members may not be genealogically related, and these groups are almost always exogamous.
in patrilineal totemic descent clans: territory is always important
in matrilineal totemic descent groups: territory is less important, as women frequently move from their matrilineal areas.
Moieties are two mutually exclusive categories, by which everyone in the world is classified; they are always exogamous. Moieties may be determined by either patrilineal or matrilineal kinship and descent (determined by the moiety of the father or the mother).
Alternate generation levels classify a person in the same generation level with grandparents and grandchildren. Parents and children would also share the same generation level. In alternate generation levels, marriage is endogamous.
Sectional systems (often called "skin") are usually one of four named groups to which a person belongs by birth. (although "skin' may be conferred to outsiders as adults). These groups are always exogamous.
Daisy Bates stated that under the system, each Noongar was placed in the same class as their mother, and no Noongar was permitted to marry someone of the same class as themselves. The classes were:
Ballaroke
Tdondarup
Ngotak
Nagarnook
Nogonyuk
Mongalung
Narrangur
Early observers of Noongar culture were sometimes confused by aspects of this kinship and class systems. George Grey incorrectly referred to the class names as family names, for example. Some confusion was also caused because a Noongar might refer to any relative of the same generation and class as themselves as their brother or sister; similarly, any older woman of the same class could be referred to as their mother.
References
Noongar culture
Danny Hunter is a fictional character appearing in the first three seasons of the BBC television series Spooks, known as MI5 in the United States. The character, played by British actor David Oyelowo, is a Junior Case Officer in Section D, the counter-terrorism department of MI5. According to the fictional Spooks: Harry's Diary—one of several spin-off books created by Kudos, the series' production company—Hunter joined Section D in June 2000.
The BBC website created for the show characterises Danny Hunter as young, sharp, and good at their job, commenting that "no-one could touch them for surveillance skills." They have expensive taste and is chewed out by department head Harry Pearce after it is discovered that they have been using MI5 resources to increase their credit limit. Nevertheless, they are able to make good decisions in high-pressure environments, as shown in the fourth episode of series 2, when they work undercover as a trader at a bank.
Danny shares their flat with colleague Helen Flynn until they are killed in the second episode of series 1. Soon thereafter fellow junior officer Zoe Reynolds becomes their new flatmate. They and Danny work well together and develop a strong friendship. Danny would like their relationship to deepen, but Zoe falls in love with photographer Will North, to whom they become engaged. Danny is unhappy, but their desire for Zoe to be happy overcomes their jealousy; when they are forced into exile in Chile, they disobey orders by telling their fiancé Will where they have gone.
Danny meets their end in the last episode of series 3. A BBC source commented to the Mirror (London) that actor David Oyelowo "decided this was as far as they could take their character, Danny Hunter--who certainly doesn't see their departure coming in the show." In the episode Danny and colleague Fiona Carter are captured by Iraqi terrorists. After they attempt to escape, killing one of their captors, the leader declares that as retribution one of them must die. On the phone with Adam Carter, Fiona's husband, they give Adam 30 seconds in which to decide which one of them should be killed. After murmuring a silent prayer, Danny deliberately provokes the terrorist in a moving final speech, mocking them for losing their humanity and sense of pity, and finally cursing him, saying "Fuck you, you death-worshipping fascist!" The infuriated terrorist promptly shoots them in the head. Danny has sacrificed themselves to save Fiona and spare their colleague Adam from being forced to make the awful choice.
In the last scene in the episode fellow MI5 officer Ruth Evershed cradles Danny's head in grief and confirms that they are dead. The first episode in the next season sees the cast attending Danny's funeral, but an explosion in London forces them to leave. Ruth is particularly reluctant to do so, but in the end is persuaded by Harry Pearce.
References
Television characters introduced in 2002
Fictional assassins
Fictional Black British people
Fictional people from London
Fictional secret agents and spies
Spooks (TV series) characters
Sir Henry Pering Pellew Crease (20 August 1823 – 27 November 1905) was a British-Canadian lawyer, judge, and politician, influential in the colonies of Vancouver Island and British Columbia. They were the first Attorney General of the united Colony of British Columbia, and sat on the Supreme Court of that province for 26 years.
Early life
Crease was born at Ince Castle, in Cornwall, the son of a Royal Navy captain. They earned their BA from Clare College, Cambridge and then studied law at the Middle Temple. Though called to the bar in June 1849, they did not immediately pursue their career in law. Instead they joined their parents in an unsuccessful canal building endeavour in Upper Canada. After only a short turn as a barrister on their return to England, they took a job in Cornwall managing a tin mine owned by Great Wheal Vor United Mines, which ended with their employer suing him.
By the time Crease left again for Canada in April 1858, they had married Sarah Lindley and had three young daughters, Susan, Mary, and Barbara. Sarah was the daughter of the famous botanist, John Lindley. They were also a talented scientific illustrator and artist, and would go on to create many drawings and watercolours of early BC. Unable to find work in Toronto, Henry decided to try their luck in Victoria, and arrived there in December.
Lawyer and politician
Upon their arrival in Victoria, Crease was admitted as a barrister to the courts of Vancouver Island and British Columbia, becoming the first lawyer qualified to practice in both jurisdictions. Crease opened a practice in Victoria, sent for their family, and soon found themselves travelling with Supreme Court Judge Matthew Baillie Begbie on their first circuit, dealing out justice on the frontier as a Crown prosecutor in the midst of the Gold Rush.
Politically, Crease presented themselves as a foe of the Hudson's Bay Company's hegemony over the colony, and in 1860 was elected to the Vancouver Island House of Assembly as an independent member representing Victoria. However, they were soon criticised by the British Colonist (a paper run by opposition leader Amor de Cosmos) for being too cozy with the HBC-backed government. The following year, as if to prove de Cosmos right, governor Sir James Douglas appointed Crease Attorney-General of British Columbia, and Crease resigned their seat in the Assembly. They were a key member of the government, responsible for pushing literally hundreds of laws through the legislature, in between their continuing circuit tours, most of which was concerned with regulating the resource-based economic activity of the colony, including land settlement and gold mining. Their legislation cemented their reputation as an advocate of free trade.
Even as a colonial pioneer, Crease clung to the aristocratic traditions of Britain. The Crease family's home in New Westminster was Ince Cottage, on Sapperton Road, named for the castle that belonged to Henry's mother's family in England. They sent their sons to Haileybury College in England for their schooling, and was dismayed to note that, "While you and I talk of the Old Country as 'Home,' all our children call Canada 'home.'"
When the colonies were joined in 1866 Crease became the first Attorney General of the united British Columbia. In 1868 the colonial capital was moved to Victoria, and the Creases moved with it. There they built a new home, Pentrelew, on Fort Street.
In Victoria, as in New Westminster, Crease was active in many community organisations: the Church of England, Royal Colonial Institute, and the Law Society of British Columbia, which they were key in founding. They sat on the board of the Colonial Securities Company, and was a lieutenant in the Seymour Artillery Company.
At a time when British policy called for North American colonies to extinguish native title by means of treaties, the British Columbia government, including Crease, made no effort to negotiate treaties. Indeed, when the issue was raised in the legislature in 1870, Attorney General Crease objected to the mere discussion of the issue as potentially damaging, "for Indians do get word of what's going on." In response to the criticism that the government had no Indian policy, Crease stated simply that "our policy has been, let the Indians alone."
BC Supreme Court judge
In 1870 they were appointed a judge of the Supreme Court of British Columbia and retired from their government post. Crease was suspicious of both Confederation and responsible government, largely because they threatened greater government control over judges and central Canadian domination of patronage. Like many British Columbians, they were disappointed that London seemed to have given up on BC as an independent colony, abandoning either it to annexation to the United States or confederation with Canada. "I believe that England is sick of their Colonies," they wrote, "and to be a Colonist, whatever your POSITION & CHARACTER when at Home – is to lose Caste the moment you become a bona fide settler." Regardless of their opposition to Confederation, Crease was chosen to prepare for it as the chair of the Royal Commission for the Revision of Laws of BC.
After BC became a Canadian province in 1871, Crease devoted the next few years to fighting for judicial independence—specifically the right of judges to live outside their districts. In 1881 the BC Supreme Court, including Crease, ruled in the Thrasher case that the province's attempts to regulate judges were unconstitutional. This decision was overturned two years later by the Supreme Court of Canada.
In 1882, Crease presided over the trial of John Hall, who owned most of the land on Burrard Inlet that now makes up the community of Belcarra, British Columbia, and who was accused of murdering their mother in law. Hall and Crease had known each other for years, and Crease had once employed them as their agent in a dispute with trespassers who illegally logged on land they and their friend Robert Burnaby owned near Hall's ranch. Hall was found guilty of manslaughter, and their land signed over to their attorney to pay for their defence.
In 1884, Crease overturned the Chinese Population Regulation Bill, which imposed an annual tax of ten dollars on each Chinese over the age of ten. They ruled that the provincial government had acted beyond its constitutional authority in passing the act, which fell within federal powers of taxation. The next year, as a member of the Royal Commission on Chinese Immigration, Crease wrote that "The real fact is, and the more completely it is recognized the better, that we cannot do without a certain number of Chinese for manual labour and for domestic servants," but went on to warn that Chinese immigrants "will never assimilate with the Anglo-Saxon race, nor is it desirable that they should … They do not regard British Columbia as their home and when they die send their bones home to be buried in China."
Sitting on several Royal commissions, the Exchequer Court of Canada, and the BC Supreme Court, Crease remained an influential figure long after their defeat in the Thrasher case. However, federal Justice Minister Sir Charles Hibbert Tupper was not impressed with Crease's judgment toward the end of their career and pushed for Crease's retirement in a letter to BC Supreme Court Chief Justice Theodore Davie. Crease retired soon afterward in January 1896. On 23 January 1896 Crease was knighted. They died in 1905 and was buried at Ross Bay Cemetery in Victoria.
References
Sources
J. B. Kerr, "Crease, Henry Pering Pellew" in Biographical Dictionary of Well-known British Columbians: with a historical sketch (Vancouver: Kerr & Begg, 1890) p. 133
External links
Meet the Crease family at British Columbia Archives
1823 births
1905 deaths
Alumni of Clare College, Cambridge
Attorneys General of British Columbia
Judges in British Columbia
Lawyers in British Columbia
Canadian Knights Bachelor
English emigrants to pre-Confederation Canada
British emigrants to Canada
Canadian people of Cornish descent
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Vancouver Island
Politicians from Victoria, British Columbia
Members of the Middle Temple
Colony of British Columbia (1866–1871) judges
British colonial attorneys general in the Americas
Members of the Legislative Council of British Columbia
